Our company’s business activities rely on nature’s bounty. Following the philosophy of our Responsible Care Activity Guideline, we recognize the importance of conserving biodiversity. As such, we are a promotion partner of “The Declaration of Biodiversity by Nippon Keidanren.” Understanding the importance of biodiversity outlined in the guidelines and reflecting it in the basic management stance, and following these declarations, we are promoting environmental impact
reductions, compliance with our procurement policy, and dialogue with communities through preservation activities at biotopes set up at some of our business locations. In terms of our initiatives during the product life cycle, we develop eco- friendly products, while outside of Japan we take part in local initiatives, including those that protect rare tree species.
These initiatives are approved, monitored, reviewed and modified by our Responsible Care Committee.
TOPIC
Biotope Initiatives
  The results of an investigation into the relationship between the business sites of our group worldwide and protected areas where biodiversity is considered important indicated that none of our business sites were located in these areas. Although not a protected area, the results of an ecosystem survey conducted in fiscal 2011 at the site of our Shizuoka Plant located in Fujieda City, Shizuoka Prefecture, confirmed the presence of Japanese killifish, an IA-rated endangered species. After determining the strong need for preserving the biodiversity of this site, we decided to create a company biotope. The creation and maintenance of the biotope were completed in March 2017. The biotope, which occupies about 5% of the Shizuoka Plant’s 287,000m2 site, is habitat for a wide variety of fauna and flora, including ancient Oga lotus and jewel beetles, among others, in addition to Japanese killifish.
We continue to engage in communication with local communities, such as by spreading the word on the significance of our biotope for biodiversity to the community and supplying some of the Japanese killifish that have taken root and multiplied within our biotope to neighboring locations.
Irodori no Oka (hill) Japanese killifish (Oryzias latipes)
The biotope received a total of 520 visitors in 2019. As a result of actively holding dialogues with neighboring elementary schools, particularly since 2018, we have expanded their understanding of our biotope. People visiting for school events and the like accounted for half of the visitors in 2019. Information about these internal and external initiatives is shared and managed at regular meetings of the Biotope Committee, comprising members from departments at the production plants and head office. In addition, our CSR activities centered on “Ikoi no Mori” (Comfort Forest) won the Chairperson’s Encouragement Award of the Japan Greenery Research and Development Center at the National Award for Factory Greening, which is sponsored by the Japan Greenery Research and Development Center (with the backing of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and other ministries and agencies).
Our goal for the future is to use this to contribute to the community, such as by making this a place for raising environmental awareness by having people who visit it get a firsthand feel for the importance of biodiversity, as well as a place for environmental education.
Educational field trip Outside commendation
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
70
       Message from the President
Value Creation
Business Strategy
Environment
Social
Governance
Data
    Initiatives in Society
Initiative to Protect Forest Ecosystems
Our company contributes to conservation of biodiversity by protecting forest environments through supporting forest thinning projects and afforestation activities. Our company has supported forest thinning mainly in Iwate Prefecture since fiscal 2008 by expanding the use of Paper Products that Contribute to Forest Thinning Efforts promoted by the Morino Chonai-Kai (Forest Neighborhood Association). The cumulative amount of this paper used is approximately 70.3 tons, which corresponds to the thinning of 4.55 hectares.
Our business site in Indonesia engages in afforestation activities for growing mangrove forests that protect various species of marine organisms, and is also carrying out a biopori hole campaign to mitigate climate change. Going forward, we will continue to conserve
biodiversity tailored to the environment surrounding each of our business sites.
▶ Amount of Paper Products that Contribute to Wood Thinning Efforts Used by Sumitomo Bakelite
(kg)
10,000 7,500 5,000 2,500
0
7,359
6,125
3,109 3,547
9,077
6,508
 7,099 6,986
6,064
6,803 6,359
(fiscal year)
  1,250
    Environmental Conservation and Beautification Activities in the Surroundings of Plants
We are working to conserve and beautify the areas surrounding illegal dumping of waste as well as cleaning and beautification each of our production plants by cooperating with local events organized by local communities.