Business Overview by Segment Quality of Life ProductsProviding products with superior functionality contributes to achieving a rich lifestyle for everyone.
Segment performance for fiscal 2019
Revenue
71,207 million yen (up 2.4% year on year) Business profit
5,567 million yen (up 2.7% year on year)
Director, Managing Executive Officerr
Takashi KobayashiA look back at fiscal 2019
While the domestic market for medical devices has been weak, sales in the U.S. market have increased favorably, thus leading to growth on the whole. Moreover, with bio-related products we saw favorable sales of glycan kits and diagnostic microfluidics. In addition, this business also saw increased revenue and profits due to the contributions by SB Bioscience Co., Ltd., with its in- vitro diagnostics (IVD) business that newly began operating from this fiscal year, as well as the substantial growth we saw in sales of films and sheets to manufacturers of generic drugs.
Eliciting new functionality from plastics and paving the way to a future of human health and wealth
Our quality of life (QOL) products business is divided up into the four areas of healthcare, films and sheets, industrial functional materials, and waterproofing, with the healthcare area including medical devices and bio-related products.
Our QOL product business features numerous products closely connected to people's everyday lives, including medical care, food, and housing, and provides both sophisticated functionality and value throughout daily life. For example, our films and sheets for pharmaceutical packaging have been imbued with various different functionality, such as being moisture-proof and blocking light and ultraviolet rays, by means of overlapping multiple sheets with varying formulations. In addition, we undertake design and offer proposals that incorporate innovations to make the packages easy to press, safe, and that discourage accidental ingestion, while also reflecting the unique characteristics of the drug in question. For this reason, our customers entrust our Company to handle the majority of their packaging design, leaving them free to focus on the development of the drugs themselves. We have received high praise regarding our excellent product functionality and our business model of placing CS first, which has allowed us to acquire a roughly 70% domestic market share when it comes to our films and sheets for pharmaceutical packaging.
Moving forward, we will continue to pursue development and manufacturing that contribute still further to society and the richness of people’s lives to continue achieving growth with an accurate understanding of social problems like the aging of society, as well as the challenges for the SDGs.
Eliciting new functionality from plastics and paving the way to a future of human health and affluence
As for medical devices for the healthcare sector, our focus is on the minimally invasive medical treatments that are expected
▶ Main products
Medical devices
Films and sheets
Plate products
Bio-related products
Freshness-preserving film (MAP)
Waterproofing-related
      Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
34
  
      Primary SDGs
▶ SWOT for Quality of Life Products BusinessStrengths
Weaknesses· High share in each niche market
· Accumulation of polymer design, microfabrication, and assembly technology · Polarization and optical control technology
· Sales activities with CS first
· High dependence on the domestic market · Maturation of building materials marketOpportunitiesThreats· An aging and healthy, long-life society
· Advancement of medical care and expansion of minimally invasive treatments · Importance of early diagnosis
· Food safety and environmental orientation
· Intensifying competition in market for main product
· Prolonged development, approval and licensing of medical devices · Cost pressure on pharmaceuticals and medical devices
· Shortage of skilled construction workers and personnel
· Reducing plastics in everyday life
to see growth in the future, such as endovascular treatments and gastrointestinal endoscopic treatments. We are moving forward with expanding our lineup of Class III and IV (in-vivo products) in particular, which involve a high degree of difficulty. While we are already selling our "Steering Microcatheter" endovascular treatment devices and biliary stents, in FY2019 we newly launched the world's thinnest microcatheters for the brain and endoscopic clips on the market. In addition, we are moving ahead with obtaining approval for pharmaceuticals at our subsidiary in Dongguan, China, and will continue working to expand into the Chinese market, which will only grow larger in the future. At the same time, when it comes to bio-related products, since April 2019 we have been expanding into the in- vitro diagnostic pharmaceutical business through SB Bioscience Co., Ltd., which is a joint venture together with Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. Diagnostic drugs are useful when it comes to the early diagnosis of illnesses. By bringing the bio- related technologies for things such as cell culture incubators and glycan analysis reagents/kits that we have cultivated thus far to bear on diagnostic drugs, we are expediting research and development of these drugs.
For films and sheets, we have been able to supply most of the packaging for new generic drugs. We believe this is due to the fact that our initiatives that place CS first have
garnered recognition. As for their use for food
Solution Gallery to showcase these initiatives in the year 2021. As for their industrial uses, our subsidiary in Nantong, China is off to a good start in this regard, and is setting in place a structure capable of accommodating this via local production for local consumption in China, through which we are making progress with capturing demand.
As for industrial functional materials, we are making progress with differentiating ourselves by using the optical control technology we have cultivated with our polarizing sheets as an asset in this. We are promoting the development and sale of in- vehicle optical products, such as heads-up displays and sensing cameras for self-driving, and are working to shift to highly profitable products.
It is essential that we continue to meet the new needs arising as people's lives change due to the coronavirus pandemic. For example, in the healthcare sector we have begun supplying face shields to protect against infection via droplets. Moreover, our films and sheets are perfectly suited for the long-term storage of foods in response to people's rising tendency to stay at home more. Through our business model of placing CS first, we intend to continue to go about accurately determining market needs and creating products that can contribute to society and the richness of people's lives.
   packaging, we are moving forward with sales promotions of products that contribute to cutting down on food waste, such as our freshness- preserving film (MAP), which features anti-mold and antibacterial functions, as well as developing skin packaging for meat. In aiming to improve our CS activities, we plan to open a Package
Microcatheters for the brain
TOPIC
In-vitro diagnostics
Skin packaging
 Initiatives to provide total solutions for the glycan sector
Glycan is one of the biomolecules that make up our bodies. It plays an important role when it comes to diagnosing cancer and other diseases, drug discovery, and research on iPS cells. We are not only advancing sales of glycan analysis kits and fully-automated equipment for this, but we also offer analysis services on a consignment basis in which we undertake glycan analysis. What is more, in May 2019 we began selling our O-glycan analysis kits, which made it possible to easily, quickly, and accurately analyze O-glycan, which had previously been difficult to analyze. Use of these products and services has spread among pharmaceutical companies, universities, and others both in Japan and overseas. By providing "one-stop solutions for glycan research and analysis," we are supporting the healthcare industry and contributing to improving the richness of people's lives.
O-glycan analysis kits
  Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
35