Enhancing Customer Satisfaction (CS) CS Promotion System
 Our Company has established a basic policy on the promotion of CS though the CS*1 Promotion Committee. In accordance with this basic policy, divisions and Group companies work together to share the voice (needs) of the customers and improve business processes based on this.
We invite customers in an annual conference to listen to their voices, deepen mutual understanding and build trust through questionnaires and other means. Internally, we hold CS discussion meeting annually to share CS activities and enhance awareness of CS. Each business site and business division creates their own CS Declaration comprised of five principles to suit the nature of its business and environment, all employees continue to evolve. Also, we utilize the company newsletter to convey our philosophy toward CS activities to employees.
*1 See the glossary on page 108.
Promoting One Sumibe Activities
With customer satisfaction (CS) a top priority, we promote “One Sumibe” by conducting company-wide product marketing activities, deepening relationships with customers, and actively promoting collaboration and cooperation within and outside the company. In the past, information, technology, and ideas that could not be shared because each business was divided vertically were gathered, and with the aim of making product proposals and sales that transcend the boundaries of business divisions, a team is formed to make proposals to customers.
For fiscal 2019 we increased the involvement of the General Manager of the Business Marketing Division and deepened examinations of areas that ought to be focused on in working to evolve these to activities that are adapted to the actual business conditions. We also instituted education via e-learning in order to further instill the “One Sumibe” mentality in employees. We are also considering using the company's newsletter for this. We will continue to share and discuss information among the teams that were started in fiscal 2018 and hold sessions to present the outcomes from this, while also providing information to our overseas locations. In fiscal 2020 we arranged our customers from each segment and will continue to widen the scope of customers we target with our activities.
▶ CS Promotion System
CS Promotion Committee
(convened monthly)
Executive Officer /
General Manager, Business Marketing Division Head of Corporate Administration
▶ Spiraling up
of CS activities
Evolution
Instilment Change mindsets
         Business divisions
One Sumibe Activities
Group companies
▶ One Sumibe activity structureCS Promotion Committee PresidentDecision- making
 One Sumibe Promotion Committee Promoters
General Manager of the Business Marketing Division + Manager of Corporate Planning DepartmentFormulate a strategy
  Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
58
Priority customer activity team
Scope- widening activity team 
 Message from the President
 Value Creation
 Business Strategy
 Environment
 Social
 Governance
 Data
Utilizing QPiT Information to Enhance CS
We are utilizing various kinds of information accumulated in the QPiT, our Group’s system for managing quality-related information such as complaints and customer requests, to enhance CS. There are common threads within complaints and customer requests and such information can be useful for other divisions. By analyzing the content and trends of such information and implementing measures to address the issues while building a framework to improve these and sharing these internally, a wide
Dissemination of Corporate Information
In order to help stakeholders gain a better understanding of the Group’s diverse activities, we strive to ensure that all our communications comply with applicable laws, regulations and inhouse rules, and use honest, appropriate, and easy to understand display methods and expressions.
Besides the disclosure of corporate information as mandated by law, we use diverse media to disseminate information, such as press releases, advertising in newspapers and magazines, booklets, as well as advertisements in airports, train stations,
From March 2020 Advertisement displayed on the left outfield fence at Meiji Jingu Stadium
range of divisions can work to achieve the aim of improving CS. In fiscal 2019 we added in a mechanism whereby an alarm would sound when multiple complaints or requests related to the same customer or the same product were registered with QPiT. This has promoted the prompt sharing of information with the management team regarding initial responses to complaints and requests.
Shinkansen carriages, and baseball stadiums, signage, along with our website. We made our corporate website compatible with smartphone viewing (Japanese, English and Chinese language versions).
In addition, we display finished products and digital signage that use our products as components or materials at exhibition corners at our business sites and at some product expositions to help customers and business partners understand our products better.
Fujieda MYFC uniforms located in the display corner at our head office (with the company name displayed on the back)       Exhibition corner at the head office
Corner with digital signage displaying products at our head office
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
59