Procurement Initiatives Basic Approach
We strive to ensure compliance with the laws, regulations, and social norms of Japan and the other countries and regions in which it operates. We also require our business partners to observe these standards of fulfilling their social responsibilities given the changing social expectations placed in companies. In principle, we conclude a basic contract with each business partner we purchase from, which requires the contracting parties to fulfill their corporate social responsibilities (CSR). Our criteria for selecting business partners include their CSR and environmental impact reduction initiatives.
The Global Procurement Division is in overall charge of the purchasing of raw materials, fuel, and equipment for use at our Company’s plants and our Group companies worldwide. Our procurement policy and Green Procurement Guidelines are posted on the Company’s website. The procurement policy is now published in Japanese, English, and Chinese. Given the standards of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)*1 Code of Conduct (formerly the EICC Code of Conduct) and changing frameworks for general business dealings, we are working
CSR Survey of Suppliers
We conduct CSR surveys on our suppliers. In fiscal 2019, we conducted a BCP survey related to the risks of disasters to major raw materials on 96 of our domestic suppliers. The results of the survey indicated that we have 22 suppliers operating in high-risk regions based on hazard maps that have not formulated BCPs. In fiscal 2020, for these 22 suppliers we plan to confirm their BCP measures, including their responses to the social impact that could potentially arise during typhoons and flooding, and will consult with them over their response measures if these are found to be inadequate. In addition, we
Selection of Business Partners
When selecting new business partners, the decision to commence transactions is made based on fair and impartial judgment after applying the criteria established by the Global Procurement Division. When commencing transactions, we check whether the Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, etc. to Subcontractors applies and if it does, we commence the transaction in accordance with this law and the relevant company rules. If we find that this law applies to existing transactions, we immediately take measures to ensure the legality of these transactions under this law.
to observe this policy in our procurement activities, and we require our business partners to do the same, too.
 *1 See the glossary on page 108.
▶ Our Group's Supply Chain   Sales
Distributors
Design & Development
Distribution & Logistics
Materials Procurement
Manufacturers & Business partners
Manufacturing & Production
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
  Consumers
   Voice of consumers
  Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
85
● Action for Stable Procurement
The Global Procurement Division takes a variety of measures, including auditing materials manufactures to ensure stable supply.
● Procurement Crisis Management
The Global Procurement Division prepares a list of locations of materials manufacturers and keeps it up to date. In the event of a disaster, the division checks the statuses of manufacturers’ factories in the affected areas and formulates countermeasures.
conducted surveys on the status of initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions of 36 of our main domestic suppliers. Based on the results of these surveys, we had seven companies that did not calculate their CO2 emissions and eight companies that did not set reduction targets for said emissions. To promote reductions of CO2 emissions in partnership with our suppliers, for fiscal 2020 we will continue to strengthen said partnerships, particularly with these suppliers, based on the results of this survey. We will also continue to expand similar initiatives out to our overseas business sites and suppliers.
We have established company rules requiring that we check whether new raw materials comply with chemical substance controls both domestically and internationally, and new raw materials are not adopted unless they conform to these controls. Relevant departments internally work closely together to investigate and make sure that the Company does not violate chemical substance controls.
We are convinced that it is important to establish a relationship of equals based on trust with every business partner and that the transactions should be beneficial to both parties.