Business Overview by Segment High-Performance PlasticsContributing to resolving social problems as a global manufacturer of thermoset reins creating new functionality.
Segment performance for fiscal 2019
Revenue
84,882 million yen (down 9.5% year on year) Business profit
4,065 million yen (down 39.0% year on year)
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Goichiro KuwakiA look back at fiscal 2019
Revenue declined due to the sluggishness in the global automotive market seen since the start of the fiscal year, the decline in exports of electrical machinery and products from China to the United States due to the trade friction between the two countries, as well as the partial suspension of production at U.S. aircraft manufacturers that serve as our major customers. Other reasons for this decline include the slump in sales to the shale gas oil industry by our U.S. subsidiaries due to cheap crude oil costs, as well as the impact from the coronavirus pandemic. Business profits also decreased as a reflection of the rising cost of structural reforms due to the slump in sales to the automotive industry and the worsening sales environment when it comes to the aircraft industry.
Deploying our own proprietary value chains worldwide as a pioneer in plastics
High-performance plastics are the business that formed the core of our Company starting from back when we were founded. Phenolic resin is characterized by its excellent heat- resisting properties. By adding new functionality to it in the form of strength, heat dissipation, and abrasion resistance qualities we have expanded its use cases, thus ensuring its continued existence for more than 100 years. Chief among these, the greatest expansion in this regard has been in terms of its usage as a replacement for metal. Switching from metal to resin offers numerous advantages in terms of reducing the cost of raw materials, cutting manufacturing costs due to the ease with which it can be processed, and its ability to achieve weight reductions. As such, its use has rapidly expanded, primarily in the area of small components on vehicles.
In addition, one of our major strengths lies in our complete value chain. By developing and synthesizing phenolic resins in-house, creating molding compounds and molded parts suited to each purpose, and providing exceptional functionality and value at each stage, we are able to offer proposals that meet our customers' requirements. There are few resin manufacturers that possess such a value chain. Through these activities, we have built strong relationships of trust with customers in a variety of industries such as the automotive industries in North America, Europe, Asia, and Japan.
Returning to a growth path by implementing measures to restore business performance and accelerating new expansion in growth areas
Our high-performance plastic business has suffered a sizable slump in business performance. This came about as a result of the worldwide slump in the automotive market and the partial suspension of production at aircraft manufacturers, which are major customers of ours, as well as the impact from the
▶ Main products
Phenolic resins
Molded parts
Aircraft interior components
Phenolic molding compounds
Copper-clad laminates
     Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
32
  
    Primary SDGs
 ▶ SWOT for High-Performance Plastics BusinessStrengths
Weaknesses· Technological capabilities built as a thermoset resin pioneer
· Resins, molding compounds, and molded parts; a combined value chain
· Global business structure with four regions corresponding to major markets · Trust relationships established with customers around the world
· Maturation of main product market
· Customer bias in the aircraft businessOpportunitiesThreats· Electrification of automobiles
· Strengthening environmental regulations around the world
· Aircraft weight reductions
· Increased demand for flame-retardant, heat insulating materials
· Increased demand for electronic devices due to the increase in people working from homes
· Intensifying competition for main products · Increasing raw material prices
coronavirus pandemic. While we expect that these uncertain conditions will continue on into the future, we consider restoring our business performance and securing earnings to be pressing needs. We are currently promoting the concept that we must “lean management” measures in response to the market environment (optimizing our organizations, personnel, and equipment), such as by cutting fixed costs mainly in Europe and the United States, rebuilding our business models by expanding our customer base for the aircraft business, and so forth.
Yet even amidst such business conditions, we intend to capture demand by bringing to bear our complete value chain and global production and supply structures, which are our strengths. We have set molding compounds for brake pistons, resins for tires, and resins for friction materials as global strategic products, and position products in which we have an advantage in each region as regional competitive-advantage products. Examples of this would include materials for excavating shale gas and oil in the United States, resins for heat insulating foam in Europe, and materials for electric parts in Asia. We believe that there is not only demand for these in their respective regions, but that there
Brake pistons molded from Phenolic resins are used to phenolic molding compounds improve tire durability
could also potentially be latent demand for them in other regions as well. As such, we are proactively working to deploy these laterally in aiming to expand our market share and business globally.
What is more, we work to create new business opportunities through joint development rooted in the relationships of trust with our customers that we have built up over a long time, as well as our "One Sumibe" activities. In fiscal 2019, we developed a module for detecting fuel leaks that is compliant with China's environmental regulations for vehicles, and succeeded in acquiring major customers for it. In addition, we are strengthening our sales of materials for thermal management, as there is a growing need for this in a broad range of areas that include high-speed telecommunications and the fitting of electronics on vehicles. We offer a lineup of materials in a variety of different form factors suited to their purpose of use, such as substrates and sheets. Moving forward, we will aim for still-greater growth by proposing materials that contribute to solving social issues based on the three keywords of new markets, new customers and new functions.
Thermal management materials Thermal management materials (heat dissipating substrate) (heat dissipating sheet)
TOPIC
     Development of “SiONTM,” a phenolic molding compound offering high dimensional accuracy
 We have developed our SUMIKON®PM "SiONTM" series of phenolic molding compounds, which achieve dimensional accuracy comparable to that of machined metal components via general injection molding, which we began selling in 2020. "SiONTM" is a new molding compound that overcomes the challenges of dimensional accuracy and strength that had plagued phenolic molding compounds, and is capable of meeting numerous high-level requirements such as creep resistance and strength at high temperatures. This is allowing us to accelerate the replacement of medium and large- sized molded metallic components with resin components on vehicles, for which such applications had previously been difficult, such as the gear pulley for electric power steering. In addition, replacing metal components, by cutting back on die-cast aluminum and bonded metal, with resin components which exhibit dimensional accuracy makes it possible to reduce weight by 20–60% and improve energy efficiency, which in turn contribute to achieving No. 7.3 of the SDGs.
Gear pulley for electric power steering
 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
33