                      JTEKT REPORT 2020
No. 1 & Only One
                          
  Management Principles
WHAT’S JTEKT
 CORPORATE PHILOSOPHY
Seek to contribute to the happiness of people and
the abundance of society through product manufacturing that wins the trust of society.
JTEKT GROUP VISION
No. 1 & Only One
We will be an invaluable partner with our customers, our suppliers, and our team members. We will deliver “No. 1 & Only One” products and services through “Building Value,”
“Building Excellent Products,” and “Building Professionals.”
Building Value
Provide value to customers by delivering products and services that exceed their expectations.
Building Excellent Products
Astonish the world with monozukuri, the art of refined craftsmanship and superior quality.
Building Professionals
Develop a team composed of individuals working together, acting with initiative, confidence, pride, and passion as global members of JTEKT.
     Shaping a Better Future through the Spirit of
          Customer first
• We are committed to look at things from customer’s viewpoint, and sincerely respond to customer’s requests.
• We are committed to create values that are new to the world, to deliver products and services that exceed customer’s expectation.
JTEKT WAY
Ownership
• We are committed to take everything as our own business. • We are committed to grasp the essence of things and take
prompt action.
Teamwork and self-discipline
• We are committed to be self-disciplined, and perform any task with a sense of urgency.
• We are committed to actively communicate to unite the power of each other.
JTEKT WAY
Our absolute ambition
Continuous kaizen
• We are committed to go and see for ourselves to thoroughly
understand the situation, and identify root causes.
• We are committed to, with enthusiasm for imaginativeness
and inventiveness, diligently continue kaizen challenges. Aspiration for innovation and
for technique
• We are committed to limitlessly heighten our technology and skills to become a front runner in innovation.
• We are committed to foster a culture to keep each of us humble in learning things and developing each other.
Editorial policy
This report introduces business and environmental, social and governance (ESG) activities from a medium- to long-term perspective in order for shareholders, investors and other stakeholders to understand how the JTEKT Group contributes to solving social issues and realizing a sustainable society.
Please refer to the following guidelines that were referenced when creating this report. For more information on ESG, please visit our website.
We hope this report facilitates an understanding our corporate activities.
Reference guidelines
• IIRC (International Integrated Reporting Council) framework
• Japan’s Corporate Governance Code
• The GRI (Global Reporting Initiatives) Standards
• Japan’s Ministry of the Environment “Environmental Reporting Guidelines (2018 edition)” • ISO26000 (International Standard for corporate responsibility)
Note on forward-looking statements
This report contains forward-looking statements pertaining to future plans and strategies. These forward-looking statements include risks, uncertainties and other factors, and actual results and business results may differ from those stated .
Detailed information on financial results
Information related to sustainability
Information related to corporate governance
         * These reports are available for viewing on JTEKT’s official website.
For items for which there is no criteria uniform across the JTEKT Group, the unconsolidat- ed results of JTEKT are displayed.
As a general rule, if there are changes in the tallying scope, we revise data dating back to the past.
 01
02
Annual Securities Report
JTEKT REPORT 2020 (Integrated Report) https://www.jtekt.co.jp/e/ir/f_jtekt_report.html
Sustainability Website
Corporate Governance Report
   https://www.jtekt.co.jp/ ir/security.html
https://www.jtekt.co.jp/ e/sustainability/
https://www.jtekt.co.jp/ company/cg/
 Target period: Target organizations and scope:
April 2019 to March 2020 All activities of the JTEKT Group

  Report Compositional Elements
WHAT’S JTEKT
 CONTENTS
WHAT’S JTEKT
Management Principles
Report Compositional Elements History
JTEKT Business
Value Creation Model
Financial / Non-Financial Highlights
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
A Message from the President
JTEKT Capital Strategy
Special Feature: Automotive Parts Industry
Special Feature: Bearing Business
Special Feature:
Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business Review of Operations
Steering Business
Driveline Business
Bearing Business
Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
Together With Society Corporate Governance Society
The Environment
FINANCIAL PART
Financial Data
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Management
Group Companies
JTEKT by Region
Corporate Profile / Stock Information
P.01- 02 P.03- 04 P.05- 06 P.07- 08 P.09- 10 P.11- 12
P.13- 20 P.21- 26 P.27- 28 P.29- 30
P.31- 32
P.33- 34 P.35- 36 P.37- 38 P.39- 40
P.41- 42 P.43- 50 P.51- 56 P.57- 60
P.61- 64
P.65- 66 P.67- 68 P.69 P.70
                        Creating No. 1 & Only One
This report has been compiled based on the concept shown below to explain the creation of the JTEKT GROUP VISION “No. 1 & Only One.”
 Management Principles
The basic philosophy at the core of the JTEKT Group. An identity that systematically indicates what we should be.
CORPORATE PHILOSOPHY
JTEKT GROUP VISION
No. 1 & Only One Shaping a Better Future
Building Building Building Value Excellent Products Professionals
     JTEKT WAY
Customer Ownership firrst
Aspiration for innovation and for technique
Teamwork Continuous and
kaizen self-discipline
P.01~02, P.05~10
 Business Environment Awareness
We recognize the strengths cultivated since our founding and the social structures and market economies that change over time, reflecting both in our growth strategies.
External Environment Awareness
We perceive social issues from the perspective of markets and customers.
JTEKT’s Strengths
JTEKT’s core technologies and the new technologies created from them.
Core technologies
   Materials
Precision Control
Tribology
Measure-
ment
processing
 New technologies
Acceleration of new product development
P.11~20 , P.33~40 , P.61~70
  Strategies
Business Strategies
Based on our recognition of the business environment, we formulate business strategies from a long-term perspective. We execute these strategies to achieve our goals.
No. 1 & Only One
Various Capital Strategies
We support our business strategies with financial and a variety of other capital strategies.
P.21~40
      Foundation supporting JTEKT growth
We promote the creation of a foundational governance structure and engage in social and
environmental initiatives.
Social
P.41~42
   Corporate Governance
Governance structure for enhancing corporate value P.43~50
Building relationships of trust with
all stakeholders P.51~56
The Environment
Promoting environmentally aware corporate activities P.57~60
03 * The financial-related figures and indicators shown in this report were prepared in accordance with Japanese generally accepted accounting principles (J-GAAP). 04 Only the financial data pages 61-64 are presented in accordance with International Financial. Reporting Standards (IFRS).

  History
WHAT’S JTEKT
 Since their establishment, Koyo Seiko and Toyoda Machine Works have continually perfected their technologies to provide high-quality and reliable products. JTEKT carries on this passion.
Going forward, we will continue to produce “No. 1 & Only One” products and move forward in our ambition to be a company that contributes to society.
January JTEKT is established
1941-
Pursuit of machine tools, steering, and driveline component applications
In 1941, Machine tools department of Toyota Motor Corporation spun off to establish Toyoda Machine Works, Ltd. Developed and launched mass production of cylindrical grinders in 1965, hydraulic power steering in 1968 and electronic intelligent torque-controlled coupling (ITCC) for 4WD vehicles in 1998.
We aim to contribute to a sustainable society and a brighter future by using our strengths as
the impetus for helping to resolve society’s issues.
The company we want to become
     1921-
Developed bearings-based technologies for steering components and machine tools
In 1921, Zenichiro Ikeda founded Koyo Seiko and began the domestic manufacturing of bearings. Utilizing our bearing-based technology, we developed and began manufacturing the electric power steering (EPS) system for the first time in the world in 1988.
1960s bearing package Electric power steering (EPS)
    2006- 2009
Establishment of JTEKT, accelerating globalization
A period for creating synergies between the technolo- gies and product lines of both companies. We accelerat- ed globalization with the aim of becoming a top-level automobile parts manufacturer recognized worldwide.
2007
“JTEKT VISION 2015”
Creation & Innovation
Ongoing global growth, becoming a truly global company
 Changes in corporate vision
2007 Developed LFT-III super-low friction torque tapered roller bearing
2008 Developed horizontal spindle machining center FH1250SW
2009 Concluded agreement to acquire the needle bearing business of Timken
Company in the Unites States
    2010-2013
Transforming into a systems supplier
Transformative period during which JTEKT became a supplier able to offer system proposals to customers.
We aimed to conduct various tests and evalua- tions from the same perspective as our customers.
2011
Revised to “JTEKT VISION 2015”
Expanding business domain and enhancing product strengths
2011 Developed dual pinion-type electric power steering system (DP-EPS)
2012 Opened Iga Proving Ground to test and analyze actual vehicle performance
2013 Developed gear skiving center
  2014- 2019
More solutions to social issues
JTEKT leaps forward as a global leading company.
Under the slogan “No. 1 & Only One” and an insistence on product and service quality we aimed to become an indispensable partner to our customers.
 2014
“JTEKT GROUP VISION”
No. 1 & Only One Shaping a better future
2016
Formulated the “JTEKT WAY”
2017 Established the JTEKT IT Center Akita Corporation as a software development base
2018 Launched sales of power assist suit (J-PAS)
2019 Established J-QuAD DYNAMICS Inc., a joint-venture company developing integrated software aimed at the
adoption of automated driving
2020 Acquired shares in Yutaka Seimitsu Kogyo, Ltd., to strengthen 4WD driveline systems
 2014 2015 2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY )
Net sales (Billions of yen)
1,600 1,500 1,400 1,300 1,200 1,100 1,000
900 800 700
2006 2007 2008 2009
2010 2011 2012 2013
                       05
* DP-EPS is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
* Gear skiving center is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
* J-PAS is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
06
1960s cylindrical grinders
4WD electronic intelligent torque-controlled coupling (ITCC)
* JTEKT is the brand name of JTEKT Corporation’s automotive components (steering and driveline components). * Koyo is the brand name of JTEKT Corporation’s bearings (including bearings and oil seals). * is the brand name of JTEKT Corporation’s Machine Tools & Mechatronics products. * ITCC is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
* LFT is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
 
  JTEKT Business
The JTEKT Group innovates according to the needs of the times, creating high added value “No. 1 & Only One” products and services that please customers.
WHAT’S JTEKT
        Leading supplier of components responsible for “driving” and “turning”
Sales composition ratio
Sales composition ratio
Providing value in all phases of manufacturing
  Steering b&uDsriniveslsine BDurisvienleinsse business
“TORSEN” provides “safety and security” and “driving pleasure”
TORSEN supports stability and driving performance in sports cars, SUVs and other vehicles. It is also increasing adopted for use in FF vehicles.
The world’s first successful development and mass production of electric power steering (EPS)
From the start of production in 1988 to the present day, JTEKT’s EPS, which has the world’s No. 1 share, contributes to a prosperous motorized society through improved fuel efficiency, safety and security.
Bearing bBbusiness
62%
11%
Machine Tools & Mechatronics bBusiness
Cylindrical grinders with the No. 1 domestic market share supported by inherited and new technologies
TOYODA’s grinding machine processing technologies cultivated through manufacturing in all industries contribute to the high precision of motor shafts and film rolls, as well as cams and crankshafts in automobile engines.
The world’s first gear skiving technology installed in a machining center
Gear skiving centers, born from the “TORSEN” differential gear manufacturing plant for automobile parts, contributes to the high functionality of automotive gears, robots and motor units, facilitating new production methods.
             Technology that supports the revolution of society and moves various industries more smoothly
Diligently studying all the technologies possessed by JTEKT to create new value
    Sales composition ratio
JTEKT provides bearings in a timely manner suitable in all operating environments and conditions for the performance required of automobiles.
Compact, lightweight and long service life bearings for industrial machinery
As robots will likely become indispensable to our lifestyle in the future, smaller, lighter and longer-lasting bearings contribute to improved performance realizing highly accurate movements in narrow spaces.
Bearings that move semiconductor and LCD manufacturing machinery
“Special environment bearings” able to operate stably in vacuums, clean rooms, high temperature, corrosive and other environments are manufactured using materials, surface treatment and lubrication technologies.
27% Automotive bearings that meet the needs for automobile
NeNwewbuBsuinseinssesess
   electrification and autonomous driving
World’s first high heat-resistant lithium-ion capacitor
JTEKT developed the world’s first high heat-resistant lithium-ion capacitor that can be used in environments from -40°C to 85°C. In addition to being installed in automobiles, it contributes to power supply management in a wide range of fields such as power generation equipment and aerospace.
Power assist suit J-PAS contributes to reducing work load burdens
In order to address declining birthrates, aging populations, labor shortages, rising work-related accidents and other social issues, JTEKT leveraged its strength in assist technologies as a manufacturer with production facilities to develop a product that reduces burdens placed on site workers, saves labor, creates safe workplaces and supports the active participation of a diverse range of human resources.
      07 * TORSEN is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
08

 Corporate Philosophy
Seek to contribute to the happiness of people and the abundance of society through product manufacturing that
Social issues
wins the trust of society.
INPUT
JTEKT GROUP VISION
 Shaping a Better Future through the
Spirit of
“No. 1 & Only One”
         Energy and environmental issues
¥ Financial capital Total assets: ¥1,212.0 billion
Net interest-bearing debt: ¥189.9 billion
P.21~22
      Building Value
   JTEKT’s
Strengths
 Precision processing
 Materials
 Tribology
 Control
 Measure- ment
   Water and food shortages
Manufactured capital
Number of overseas base countries and regions: 30 countries
Capital expenditures: ¥75.0 billion P.23
 Intellectual capital
R&D expenses: ¥64.7 billion Number of patent applications: 611
P.24
     C o r e t e c h n o×l o g i e s
Professionals
Building
  Human capital
Number of consolidated employees: 49,933
P.25~26
  New technologies
Acceleration of new product
Building Excellent Products
Customer first
JTEKT WAY
Our absolute ambition
Aspiration and for
development
 Declining birthrate and aging population
   Social and relationship capital
Consolidated subsidiaries: 152
P.23
      Changes in car-orientated society
Natural capital
Total energy input: 16,570,397 GJ Water consumption: 5,435 thousand m3
P.57~60
  Ownership
Teamwork and self-discipline
Continuous kaizen
for innovation technique
  09
JTEKT WAY
 Value Creation Model
In September 2015, 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and 169 targets were adopted at the UN Sustainable Development Summit. The JTEKT Group is doing its part to achieve the SDGs as a member of the international community.
OUTPUT
Provide value to society
     Net sales
 ¥1,418.5 billion P.11 Operating income
¥34.6 billion
P.11
Electric power steering
TORSEN Type-D
Robot bearings
Gear skiving center
  Cash flows from operating activities
 ¥61.6 billion P.61~62 320
patents acquired P.24 A total of 3,633
JTEKT Academy graduates
 Female employee
10.3% P.12 Ratio of foreigners in
ratio:
 important posts overseas: 74.1% P.12
CO2 emissions:
751 thousand tons P.12
P.26
High heat-resistant Lithium-ion capacitor
J-PAS
Reduce greenhouse gases
Improve energy consumption
  Abundant lifestyle environments
 Always being motivated to work
   Safe, secure, and comfortable society
 10
 WHAT’S JTEKT
  
  Financial / Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights Non-Financial Highlights
WHAT’S JTEKT
 Net Sales and Operating Income
P.21~22
Net sales Operating income
¥1,418.5billion ¥34.6billion
 Net sales (Left axis)
Operating income Operating income margin
(Billions of yen) 1,750
1,500 1,250 1,000
750 (FY )
(Right axis)
’17
(Right axis)
(Billions of yen) (%)
90 6.0 75 4.5 60 3.0 45 1.5 30 0.0
               ’15 ’16
’18 ’19
 Net Interest-Bearing Debt
P.21~22
¥189.9billion 0.39times
Net interest-bearing debt/ Net interest-bearing debt equity ratio
 Net interest-bearing debt
Net interest-bearing debt/equity ratio (Right axis)
(Left axis)
(Billions of yen) 200
150 100 50 0
(FY )
(Times) 0.8
0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0
         ’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
 Level of understanding by employees of own division’s vision
P.25
86.3%
 (%) 100
80 60 40 20
0
       (FY )
’15 ’16
’17 ’18 ’19
 Female employee ratio* /
Ratio of foreigners occupying key positions in overseas locations**
P.51
employee ratio
10.3% key positions in overseas locations 74.1%
Female Ratio of foreigners occupying
 (%) 15.0
12.5 10.0 7.5 5.0 2.5 0.0
(FY )
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
(%) 75.0
62.5 50.0 37.5 25.0 12.5
0.0
* JTEKT ** Consolidated bases
Female employee ratio (Left axis)
Ratio of foreigners occupying key positions in overseas locations (Right axis)
          Capital Expenditures / Depreciation and Amortization
P.23
Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization
¥75.0billion ¥65.9billion
 Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization
(Billions of yen) 80
60 40 20
0
                   (FY )
’15 ’16
’17 ’18 ’19
 R&D Costs
P.24
R&D costs Ratio of sales to R&D costs
¥64.7billion 4.6%
 R&D costs (Left axis)
Ratio of sales to R&D costs (Right axis)
(Billions of yen) 60
50 40 30 20 10
0
(%) 6.0
5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0 0.0
           (FY )
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
 Lost-time accident Lost-time accident = Number of casualties in occupational accidents ×1 million
frequency rate frequency rate Total working hours P.52
 0.07%
 JTEKT
(%) 2.0
1.5 1.0 0.5 0.0
All manufacturing industries
       (FY )
’15 ’16
’17 ’18 ’19
 CO2 emissions / Contribution to CO2 emissions reduction
through products*
P.57~60
CO2 emissions in production
Contribution to CO2 emissions reduction through products
751thousand tons
830thousand tons
 CO2 emissions in production
(t) 900,000
750,000 600,000 450,000 300,000 150,000
0.0
Contribution to CO2 emissions reduction through products
                 ’17 ’18 ’19
* CO2 emissions reduction due to an environmentally considerate design at the product usage
stage. The amount calculated globally is shown for each year. The calculation method changed partially from FY2016.
(FY )
’15 ’16
 Return on Assets (ROA)
P.21~22
(0.5)%
 (%) 5.0
4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0 0.0 -1.0
        (FY )
’15 ’16 ’17
’18 ’19
 Return on Equity (ROE)
P.21~22
(1.4)%
 (%) 12.0
10.0 8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0 0.0 -1.0 -2.0
          (FY )
’15 ’16 ’17
’18 ’19
 Water usage / Water usage per in-house production volume / Water reuse
Water usage per in-house
Water usage production volume Water reuse*
5,435 0.108 750
P.57~60 thousand m3 thousand m3/Billions of yen thousand m3
 Water usage (Left axis)
38 overseas Group companies 19 domestic Group companies JTEKT
(Thousand m3)
15,000 10,000 5,000 0.0
Water reuse (Right axis)
JTEKT
Water usage per in-house production volume (Consolidated) Water usage per in-house production volume (Nonconsolidated)
(Thousand m3/Billions of yen)
0.25
0.20
0.15
0.10
0.05
0.00
       (FY)
’12
’16
’17
’18
’19
* JTEKT
 Waste discharge
P.57~60
Total waste discharge Waste discharge basic unit
46.1thousand tons 0.921
t/Billions of yen
 Total waste discharge (Left axis) Free / Reverse payment recycling Waste
(Thousand tons)
100 50 0
Waste discharge basic unit (Right axis) Global
JTEKT
(t/Billions of yen)
1.0 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0
        (FY )
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
11
12

 13
14
*Total Quality Management
 A Message from the President
 SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
I. Establish a “kaizen mindset” to create a stronger JTEKT
 My name is Kazuhiro Sato, and I took over as president of JTEKT in June 2020. I would like to thank everyone for their steadfast support.
I was a member of Toyota Motor Corporation for many years, involved mainly in quality assurance and Total Quality Management (TQM). The Toyota Group defines TQM as “actions that improve the vitality of individuals and organizations.” Adhering to the principle of the continual advancement of all employees to ensure customer satisfaction (the three pillars of “customer first,” “total participation,” and “kaizen” (continuous improvement)), I worked to develop the people and structures that put these ideas into practice.
People feel satisfied when they make others happy or help them in some way, that is, when they feel that they have made a contribution. One of the action principles for TQM is “respect for humanness.” I believe
that proactively working to improve on a daily basis, and gaining such feelings of contribution and satisfaction, is the true essence of respect for humanness. The strength underpinning the performance of the Toyota Group is that it is an organization of people with a kaizen mindset. This strong organization has been fostered over many years by such practices as expressing inventive ideas, and quality control circles.
I would like all employees of the JTEKT Group to have such a kaizen mindset, and gain a sense of contribution and satisfaction through their work.
I have taken on the position of president as the automotive industry undergoes a “once in a century” transition, further complicated by the unpredictable crisis resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. However, I consider this situation to be an opportunity, and am committed to strengthening the character of JTEKT.
 We will overcome this unprecedented crisis as “One JTEKT” by adhering to the “No. 1 & Only One” spirit and maintaining a “customer first” outlook.
 President
Kazuhiro Sato
Customer first
TQM*
Developing human resources and structures
 Continuous improvement “KAIZEN”
Conceptual scheme of TQM
Total participation
 
  A Message from the President
II. Exposure of our weaknesses is an opportunity to make a fresh start
nothing off the table. Next is internal medicine-type actions, examining and reviewing in detail those businesses likely to be at risk in the future, and applying the appropriate treatments. Finally, there is Oriental medicine conducted in parallel using herbal treatments, a system of developing human resources according to TQM principles.
Looking at results by region and business segment, the Europe region and Bearing Business both recorded operating losses during the subject fiscal year. For Europe in particular, this was the second consecutive year of loss. We need to quickly stop the bleeding, and compile a structural reform plan. For the Bearing Business, we have been implementing various measures, including launching a rebuilding program for the Kokubu Plant in fiscal 2017, and the reorganization of tapered roller bearing plants in North America in the previous fiscal year. However, these measures are still only halfway complete, and we need to continue to steadfastly pursue reform. Other businesses and regions were also unable to achieve sufficient earnings. We will treat the problem areas quickly to stop the hemorrhaging, and regain a healthy body by prioritizing investment and strictly controlling fixed costs. Even if net sales declines further as a result of the pandemic, we will make a concerted effort as a corporate group to avoid a second consecutive year of loss.
I mentioned previously that we have been given an opportunity for change, but one thing has already changed greatly as a result of COVID-19. It’s something that is also talked about often at other companies as well—the working style of employees. JTEKT already had a structure for telework in place, but it was rarely utilized owing to a deep-rooted sense that being at the office is the proper working style, and that not being present causes difficulties for coworkers.
JTEKT posted year-on-year declines in both sales and earnings in the fiscal year ended March 2020, with net sales of ¥1,418.5 billion and operating income of ¥34.6 billion. Furthermore, as a result of the impairment loss at our European subsidiary that was recorded as an extraordinary loss, we posted a net loss of ¥6.6 billion, the first such shortfall in a decade. We were forced to reduce our year-end dividend from ¥22 to ¥16 per share, and I sincerely regret the concern and trouble this has caused for shareholders.
The external factors that led to this loss include stagnation in the automotive industry in China and India, and a falloff in sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic. At the same time, with global competition intensifying, a major factor for the earnings decline was our belated response to internal issues, including an inability to cover the shortfalls from lower sales prices with cost reductions, delays in achieving the planned cost point following product switchovers, insufficient controls on R&D and
infrastructure investment, and inadequate productivity gains in administrative divisions. Furthermore, looking back, the recording of an impairment loss as a result of the poor performance at our European subsidiary suggests an over-optimistic outlook regarding the future.
This most recent financial statement has clearly exposed weaknesses in our earnings capacity. People are reluctant to make changes when conditions are good, but now, with the recording of our first loss in a decade, and the uncertainty surrounding how long the global economy will continue to be impacted by the pandemic, I am sure that all our employees share a sense of crisis. I am certainly not taking an optimistic view, but I am thinking about it positively as an opportunity to make a change.
I think there are three approaches to changing a company. To put it in medical terms, there is first of all the surgical operation that needs to be done immediately, drastic action to stem the flow of red ink with structural reforms that leave
(Billions of yen, J-GAAP)
Now, based on the government’s request that people remain at home as much as possible in order to prevent the further spread of COVID-19, JTEKT has set a target office attendance rate of 30%, and in principle all employees in administrative divisions are to work from home. Thanks largely to the expanded IT infrastructure put in place under the previous president Tetsuo Agata, we have been able to shift to a telework format without any significant disruption. Employees have also reacted favorably, reporting that they are able to use the time previously spent commuting in a meaningful way, and that their productivity has increased. I feel that the benefit has been even greater than expected. Providing better work environments and workspaces is one type of Oriental medicine, and going forward I want to create an environment that will allow for various types of working styles.
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
        FY2018
FY2019
Increase / (decrease)
         Net sales
1,520.8
1,418.5
(102.3)
(6.7)%
          Operating income
66.6
[4.4%]
34.6
[2.4%]
(31.9)
(47.9)%
         Ordinary income
69.6
[4.6%]
34.7
[2.5%]
(34.9)
(50.1)%
         Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
24.6
[1.6%]
(6.6)
[(0.5)%]
(31.2)
—
      15
16
[%]: Ratio to sales

  A Message from the President
III. Continuing to meet customer expectations with “No. 1 & Only One” products and technologies.
allowing them to be charged and discharged repeatedly with almost no degradation. Many people are familiar with how the battery in their mobile phone drains more quickly after it has been used for a while. That is caused by the degradation of its lithium-ion battery. Lithium-ion capacitors have an advantage over lithium-ion batteries in terms of high power output, but their disadvantage is their low capacity. Going forward, if we are able to enhance these products and improve their capacity, it will allow them to be utilized by an even wider range of customers for many types of applications.
Electric power steering (EPS) currently accounts for more than half of JTEKT’s earnings. We faced major challenges during its development, and there was a long period of low profitability, but today, with the use of electric motors in hybrid, electric, and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (EVs), it has become the standard for steering. In addition to High Heat-Resistant Lithium-Ion Capacitors, JTEKT has launched new
products and services each year. To contribute to the emerging aging society, we have developed the J-PAS Power Assist Suit4 to help people carry heavy objects, and the Electric Assist & Training Walker5 designed to encourage people to move independently, as well as the J-WeLL6 system to support groundwater management for the efficient utilization of water resources. Initiatives such as these are the driving force that will revitalize JTEKT, and we plan to develop them into the pillars that will support the company’s future.
Notes
1. The SDGs are a collection of 17 goals with 169 international
targets adopted at the UN Sustainable Development Summit in September 2015 to “achieve a better and more sustainable future for all.”
2. The High Heat-Resistant Lithium-Ion Capacitor is an electric power storage device in which the energy density has been enhanced by adding lithium ions to the negative electrode material of a capacitor with an electric double layer positive and negative electrode.
3. Steer-by-wire is a system in which the commands from the steering wheel are conveyed to the tires by electrical signals rather than a mechanical structure.
4. Power assist suit for easier and safer physical labor.
5. A walker with a physical training function designed to enable
independent movement.
6. A well water management system that detects the inflow
volume and manages the pumping rate accordingly.
The first time I heard the JTEKT Group Vision “No. 1 & Only One,” I thought it was an extremely wonderful phrase.
There are a lot of ways to be No. 1, such as first in sales, market share, technology, quality, or performance. However, I think that the “No. 1” in this Group Vision is intended to make employees think for themselves what sort of “No. 1” they want to achieve. In the Steering Business, for example, that might be to consider what they need to do be the overwhelming “No. 1” that surpasses foreign competitors, and put that into action. In other businesses as well, if we use competitors as a benchmark to understand our own weaknesses, compensate for them and emphasize our strengths, we will be able to stand out from the competition. With the drastic changes in the business environment, JTEKT ought to change its definition of “No. 1” as necessary. Knowing the competition, as well as our own position, I’d like all of us to seriously consider the type of “No. 1” we should strive to achieve in order to survive into the future.
The other part of that phrase, “Only One,” I think means continuing to develop and offer original and revolutionary products that customers have never seen or experienced before. “Only One” products are by definition “No. 1” at the time they are created, but if we simply rest on our laurels, our competitors will soon catch up and overtake us. We need to continually anticipate customer needs, and provide them with new value.
The business environment for JTEKT becomes more difficult with each passing year, and we are now entering the era of “new normal” when conventional wisdom
and thinking no longer apply. While we will no longer be able to draw on past successes, I believe that new initiatives will expand opportunities for growth. If we remain conscious of helping achieve the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)1 and the changes in peoples’ lifestyles, create a framework to establish new businesses without fear of failure in this time of great uncertainty, incorporate the ideas of a market-led, customer-centric approach, and continue to offer new “No. 1 & Only One” products and technologies where the needs (problems to be solved) of society intersect with JTEKT’s solutions, we will be able to satisfy customers around the world, advance the development of a sustainable society, and lay the cornerstones for business that will become the future pillars of JTEKT.
I’d like to cite a few examples of the new products that have emerged from this type of thinking. High Heat-Resistant Lithium-Ion Capacitors2, which we began mass producing at a new factory in October 2019, are a unique, innovative power storage device that is able to operate stably at a high temperature range of 85 ̊C, to a low of minus 40 ̊C, allowing it to be installed in automobiles without the need for a cooling system. We have already received orders for this “Only One” product for use as a backup power supply in steer-by-wire3 systems, as well as many inquiries from customers outside the automotive industry for use in a range of applications, including functional stability of power generating systems, power supply regeneration, and main power supplies. In fact, the ability to operate in a wide temperature range also gives these capacitors exceptional durability,
High Heat-Resistant Lithium-Ion Capacitor
J-PAS
Production plant for High Heat-Resistant Lithium-Ion Capacitors
Electric Assist & Training Walker
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
     17
* J-WeLL is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation. 18

  A Message from the President
IV. Utilizing the strengths of “One JTEKT”
The basic mindset that I look for is not just a kaizen mentality, but people with a passion to accomplish something or make a contribution. People such as this, in order to put into action the things they want to do, think intently about what is lacking, and learn on their own. At a time of rapid change in the world, only those who can think and act on their own accord will be able to adapt to change and survive. When leaders have that sort of passion, the people around them are greatly inspired by it, and are able to give 120%. If every department had such
a manager, it would give a tremendous boost to the company.
Companies support people with passion and a kaizen mindset, and while utilizing the autonomy and originality of their employees, provide the backing that allows people to gain a feeling of contribution. This is what I believe is truly “respect for humanness,” and what allows companies to greatly strengthen their constitution.
Note
7. Information and Communication Technology (information
devices such as computers, projectors, and digital cameras).
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
 JTEKT has more than 150 facilities around the world, with around 50,000 employees. Each Group company has its specialty, and I believe that our diversity, including the products, technologies, customers, and suppliers for each firm, is both part of JTEKT’s strength, and an asset. At the same time, JTEKT has established a Group Vision of “No. 1 & Only One,” as well as the JTEKT WAY as the set of values that all employees should share (comprising the five elements of “Customer first,”“Ownership,”“Continuous kaizen,” “Teamwork and self-discipline,” and “Aspiration for innovation and for technique”). JTEKT has continued to instill
these principles throughout the corporate group, providing us with a standard for resolving global issues.
Going forward, we will take a broad view of the situation from the standpoint of the JTEKT Group, and make a concerted effort to address issues. For example, determining a theme to address as a group and thinking about it together will almost certainly generate unexpected and innovate ideas. To implement our business and resource allocation strategies from a global perspective, we must be mindful of “One JTEKT” and strengthen ties among Group companies.
VI. Contributing to a sustainable society through “tree-ring management”
 V. People with a passion to accomplish something drive the company
I’ve been thinking a lot in recent years about the definition of a company. My answer is that a company is an apparatus, a tool for contributing to society.
The social responsibility of a manufacturer is first and foremost to provide high-quality yet inexpensive products in order to satisfy the greatest number of customers. Earnings are generated as a result, which allow the company to contribute to society in the form of taxes and employment. Such steady growth year by year is the social significance of the “tree-ring management” that I seek to achieve. Tree rings only increase by one ring each year, but a new ring is always added, and the addition of each thin ring eventually creates a large tree. Companies also aim to achieve the same sort of continuous, steady growth.
In addition to customers, companies have a responsibility to communities and to the global environment. Through its value creation, manufacturing, and human resource development, JTEKT makes firm
contributions to the sustainable growth of communities and the conservation of the global environment.
I have been in the manufacturing industry for a long time, and have had many experiences and valuable learning opportunities. As a way of giving back to the world, I will consolidate the power of all JTEKT Group employees, overcome this unprecedented crisis, and contribute to society. I ask for your continued support.
 Strengthening JTEKT’s earnings capacity will require revising businesses and generating synergies, but also focusing further on cultivating the type of people who are the source of our strength. Manufacturing equipment and leading- edge ICT devices7 can be obtained comparatively easily with money, but with the labor market more fluid these days, it’s
difficult to quickly find people who can consider the customer perspective and make continual improvements. Employees who have the necessary “kaizen mindset” of a member of the Toyota Group, and continually apply it in the course of their work, cannot be bought with money. Cultivating such employees takes considerable time.
     19
20
 
  JTEKT Capital Strategy
Financial Capital
Cost Strategy
The type of the growth JTEKT should target is annual growth, which, although gradual, is steadily on the rise. For the Group to continue growing in this manner, we must resolve issues facing society throughout our business activities. In terms of a financial strategy to achieve this, we are engaged in efforts to create a solid financial foundation that supports business activities; namely, building value, building excellent products and building professionals
In building such a foundation, the most important factor is improving profitability in core businesses. In addition to the transformation of the automobile industry, in a world being substantially changed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, JTEKT will engage in the following activities over the short- to medium-term in order to strengthen our ability to generate free cash flows.
In the short-term, we will analyze and thoroughly streamline our cost structure, focusing mainly on fixed costs. Because of adverse impacts caused by the response to the COVID-19 threat, lockdowns and shortened operating hours are in effect throughout the world. However, we regard this as an opportunity to review fixed costs, thus we are engaged in thoroughly eliminating waste, reducing costs and improving efficiency.
In addition, as the Group is expanding business globally, in the previous fiscal year substantial impairment losses were recorded at some sites. Reflecting on this, we will undertake sweeping measures that include immediately revising our management system on a global basis, and as a medium-term initiative, we will revise our site strategy, including the reorganization of unprofitable sites. We will also strengthen synergies within and between regions and businesses and strategically reallocate management resources.
(J-GAAP)
Investment Strategy
To deliver quality products to customers into the future, in addition to implementing cost strategies, it is also important to make the necessary investments in new technological developments.
In particular, the business environment surrounding the Group is at a major turning point. We are now at the stage where we must plant the seeds of our future by taking a long-term view of what the JTEKT Group needs in order to realize sustainable growth. Accordingly, we must continue to make investments to strengthen our management infrastructure, including new product development, research into advanced technologies and IT, while also improving the performance of existing technologies and reducing costs.
In order to carry out these investments efficiently, we will make thorough and effective use of existing sites and
Capital Strategy
The JTEKT Group proactively introduced cash management systems* with hubs in each regional headquarters and conducted financing on a cross-border basis to raise the capital efficiency of the Group as a whole among other activities aimed at reducing interest- bearing debt.
However, at the same time, in order to respond to risks facing the Group, such as the deteriorating relationship between the United States and China and the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as to prepare for any unforeseen circumstances, we are also ensuring a sufficient supply of cash on hand. For the JTEKT Group to continue achieving annual growth, we believe we must continue activities on a Group company basis as well as throughout the entire supply chain. At present, in response to financial risks, including those faced by partner companies, and in order to respond to the need for working capital when demand recovers after the pandemic has passed, we are increasing cash on hand as an emergency measure.
assets, establishing mechanisms to allocate investment resources in line with the strategy of each business portfolio. We will carefully consider the necessity, profitability and recoverability of each investment project using visualization to make investment decisions, and at the same time, with respect to areas where growth is not seen or profits are low, we will also strengthen our ability to ascertain when to withdraw and formulate exit strategies.
As the financial function, we will support the planning and execution of investments and provide financing, while at the same time, we will decide whether or not to invest in consideration of the cost of capital and focus unwaveringly on recouping investments. Furthermore, we will support business activities by securing funds for investment and examine a variety of investment methods.
Going forward, our head office will continue to appropriately control cash on hand in response to changes in the business environment, while reducing net interest-bearing debt throughout the Group, to maintain and expand our system enabling the immediate provision of required funding from the head office to each Group company. Through these activities, we believe it will be possible to efficiently and profitably procure funding for the Group overall.
In addition to improving profitability, the basic policy of our financial strategy is to secure strategically essential investment funds by shrinking business assets and engaging in management with good asset efficiency.
Going forward, in addition to conducting business administration, we will also promote business management that is focused on the balance sheet and cash flows through such measures as monitoring the cash conversion cycle and introducing asset efficiency metrics for each business.
* Cash management system refers to services provided by banks mainly in the areas of fund management and administration aimed at improving a company’s capital efficiency.
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
  CFO Message
Kazuhisa Makino Executive Director
    Net Sales Operating Income Net Interest-Bearing Debt ¥1,418.5 billion ¥34.6 billion ¥189.9 billion
Fiscal 2019 consolidated operating income was ¥34.6 billion, a year-on-year decrease of 47.7%, mainly due to the effects of COVID-19 in China amid an increasingly competitive environment. In regards to funding, net interest-bearing debt increased ¥51.9 billion, partly due to funds borrowed in preparation for unforeseen funding demands in Group companies and the supply chain in response to the pandemic.
    ROA ROE Dividends per Share
(0.5)% (1.4)% Annual ¥38/share
During fiscal 2019, in addition to deteriorating earnings, substantial impairment losses were recorded in the European and other businesses, resulting in a net loss. Assets increased, mainly due to the acquisition of Yutaka Seimitsu Kogyo Ltd., causing ROA to deteriorate significantly.
With regard to shareholder returns, our basic approach is to strive to enhance the company’s corporate value on an ongoing basis, and to provide stable dividends over the long term. Although we recorded a loss in fiscal 2019, we provided a full-year dividend of ¥38 per share in adherence with this policy. Going forward, we will continue with efforts to improve ROA, ensure financial health and achieve stable shareholder returns.
 21
22

  JTEKT Capital Strategy
Manufactured Capital
Intellectual Capital
Capital Expenditures Aimed at Strengthening Business and Management Foundations
R&D Investments in Future Businesses
The JTEKT Group is engaged in foundational element research that will lead to future products by further advancing and combining technical areas comprising the strengths of each business.
Furthermore, in an era of automobile industry reforms such as CASE*1 and MaaS*2, we are proactively engaged in R&D to provide customers with new products that are
In addition to production increases and investments to update old equipment, the JTEKT Group has been proactively investing in operational efficiency centered on IT to strengthen its management foundation for the future.
As we face a harsh business environment, in order to continue making efficient investments into the future, we will carefully consider the necessity and recoverability of each investment project and thoroughly utilize existing bases and assets.
“eco-friendly, safe, secure, and comfortable” in a quick and reliable manner.
1. Acronym that stands for Connected, Autonomous, Shared, and Electric. This implies the importance of mobility services across industries as well as physical changes to automobiles in terms of components.
2. Mobility as a Service. A new concept of mobility using ICT to seamlessly connect public transportation systems other than private vehicles.
Development and Manufacturing Bases Capturing Global Needs
The JTEKT Group has development and manufacturing bases in approximately 30 countries and regions. With each base acting as an antenna tuned into customer and market needs in each country and region, we are able to quickly
Quality Policy and Quality Assurance System
With our “Customer First” philosophy being the foundation of our quality policy, we engage in various quality improvement activities. In pursuing quality at each stage of “design quality and manufacturing quality,” we have established a quality assurance system based on the belief
ascertain trends and changes throughout the world. Amassing this information at development bases enables JTEKT to develop products with high added value.
that improvements in overall product quality are linked to earning the trust of our customers. In addition, in order to permeate and establish the policy, we post and chant the policy on the companywide basis.
JTEKT Promotes Intellectual Property Activities that Support Business
Protection of technological development accomplishments and respects of technological development by third parties JTEKT promotes patent strategies in each business to contribute to business profitability utilizing patents and know-how resulting from technological development accomplishments.
Recently, in addition to our four existing businesses, we are focused on patent applications in new businesses such as high heat-resistant lithium-ion capacitors and nursing
Counterfeit Products and Brand Protection
To ensure the safety of users, protect brands and secure profits, we proactively implement countermeasures against counterfeit products with the firm cooperation of local subsidiaries in each country.
With respect to counterfeit bearings in particular, we regularly conduct awareness activities through the mass
care equipment, as well as R&D projects on future technologies.
Additionally, in order to respect the intellectual property rights of third parties and reduce the risk of disputes in the future, we conduct thorough patent assurance surveys at the product development stage.
media and at exhibitions and make efforts to inculcate understanding among regulatory authorities in China, ASEAN, Central and South America, the Middle East, and other critical regions. We also focus efforts on market detection and customs protection measures.
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
 JTEKT Manufactured Capital Capital expenditures
¥75.0
30
billion
Number of overseas base countries/regions
 Fiscal 2019 performance
 JTEKT Intellectual Capital
R&D costs Number of patents pending Number of patents acquired
¥64.7 billion 611 320
Fiscal 2019 performance
   Quality Assurance System
System Improvement
Design division Production engineering division Plants and individual departments
Global Implementation
Overseas plants
Deployment to business partners
     Quality audit / review committee
Board meetings
Board of managing directors
Management meetings
Quality assurance supervisor by region
   Quick reaction committee
Global quality conference
    Quality meetings
  Corporate quality meeting (Policy control)
   Purchasing administration division
Group companies Business partners
  Individual plants
 Quality meetings
   Number of Patents Pending / Patents
Patent Application for New Technologies and Related to New Areas
No. of patents pending 800
600 400 200
No. of patents acquired
Patent application for related R&D and
for new technologies and related to new areas 800
Patent application for four existing businesses
      600 400 200
                00 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 (FY)
’15 ’16
’17
’18 ’19 (FY)
  23
24

  JTEKT Capital Strategy
Human Capital
 JTEKT Human Capital
No. of employees No. of overseas employees
49,933 29,728
 Fiscal 2019 performance
 JTEKT Human Resources Spread around the World
The JTEKT Group has more than 150 bases around the world and approximately 50,000 employees. About 60% of all employees work overseas. As a truly global company, we conduct corporate activities rooted in local communities and cultures, proactively recruit and develop talented human resources responsible for manufacturing of the future in each country and promote local procurement and locally-based
Training by Grade
Training is conducted on the basis of four pillars: grade, rank, age, and elective / themed. We also focus effort on supporting the acquisition of certifications and self-education. Training is conducted by grade to strengthen problem-solving abilities, and since fiscal 2015, we have implemented issues-based problem-
Employee Understanding of Their Division’s Mission
JTEKT formulates and executes an annual activity plan based on its medium-term business plan. However, when implementing this, while the activity plans of departments, offices, groups and individuals are being cascaded down, not only the activities expected from high-level policy, but also what can be done for high-level policy is divided into
Through this policy management in fiscal 2019, we enabled department managers to continuously and clearly indicate workplace vision, and as a result of the permeation of this vision of each department, the number of “Employees’ understanding their department’s vision” greatly improved (68.0% 86.3%). We will maintain this high level from fiscal 2020 onward.
P12
manufacturing, all of which contributes to industrial development in countries throughout the world.
Each Group company leverages its unique characteristics to provide customers around the world with high value- added products taking pride in their outstanding capabilities and forging strong bonds with each other.
solving training for assistant managers and above to enhance our ability to challenge ourselves and strengthen leadership. In addition, we are cultivating trainers to facilitate problem solving both domestically and globally to foster the passing on of corporate culture from senior to junior employees.
themes and discussed between superiors and subordinates until the concerned parties agree and understand the content, then repeat this process with the outcome until further agreement and understanding is achieved. In this way, JTEKT Group management realizes its ideal of drawing out the autonomous actions of each and every employee.
Mind
JTEKT Academy
Cultivating Technicians Responsible for the Future
JTEKT Academy contributes to society through manufacturing, teaching basic skills enabling students to play an active role in the workplace.
Based on the ethos "skilled workers are required to make good products," we started in-company vocational training in 1941 to develop human resources, including human development based on technical and skills training. JTEKT fosters the motivation and sense of responsibility (mind) apposite for society, knowledge (wisdom) essential for future manufacturing and the
Wisdom
basic skills (techniques) required to play an active role in the assigned workplace.
Currently, the Academy accepts Group company employees in addition to Group employees and aims to develop human resources who can contribute to the manufacturing conducted by the entire JTEKT Group. From a total of 3,633 graduates, we have producing excellent technicians who have earned the “Medal with Yellow Ribbon” and the “Outstanding Technician Award (Contemporary Master Craftsman).”
Techniques
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
      Aiming for Japan’s Top Skill Level—Competing in the Technical Skills Olympics
As part of our effort to further enhance our skills, participants are selected from Academy students to compete in the Technical Skills Olympics in a quest to attain Japan’s top skill level. Through training and competition that “enables the “perfect manufacturing,” the competition involves “taking action to carry through to the end,”“athletes who can play an active role in the workplace” and “the cultivation of instructors” aimed at
achieving individual goals.
Since the establishment of JTEKT, we have won one
gold medal, 10 silver medals, four bronze medals and 21 Fighting Spirit Prizes at the Technical Skills Olympics, and at the WorldSkills Competition Abu Dhabi 2017, where only gold medal winners can compete, we won the Fighting Spirit Prize.
   Aims of Participating in the Technical Skills Olympics
• To provide motivation and goals to the younger
generation and improve the motivation of all
technicians
• To develop human resources comprising the core of
the workplace with the latest knowledge and skills
• To secure talented human resources by attracting
highly skilled workers
• To improve the JTEKT corporate brand
   Policies / Plans Cascade Down
Agreement and evaluation through discussion (fine-tuning)
   Departments
Offices
Groups / Sections
Individuals
Department policies
Office policies
  Group policies
Individual priority themes
  Cultivating Technicians Who Will Support the Future of Manufacturing
For members who have completed the Academy or who are involved in manufacturing, JTEKT provides the training necessary confirm and enhance the basic knowledge and skills required on manufacturing sites and to improve their skills, including the maintenance and improvement of machining, electrical circuit, equipment maintenance, sheet metal and welding skills.
At the same time, we also support employees sitting for the National Technical Skills Certification, which is a public certification system for technical skills acquired by individual employees. Approximately 120 skilled workers are certified each year. In addition, based on the idea that
“maintenance is important for improving on-site capabilities,” Academy students push themselves to acquire a level two qualification for Maintenance Skills and Knowledge Certification, with many successful candidates appearing each year.
  National Technical Skills Certification
Rank
Special rank
Level 1 Level 2 Total
Rank
Level 1 Level 2 Total
(Source: Employee data as of April 2020)
Maintenance Skills and Knowledge Certification
  No. of personnel
No. of personnel
   821
 25
26
1,169
297
  1,287
  1,652
1,584
 2,903
Cascade down
Evaluation of degree of contribution
(achievement result evaluation)
(Consensus on achievement method)

 Special Feature: Automotive Parts Industry
 SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
 4WD Driveline Systems
Becoming a system supplier by adding a differential*3 unit (Yutaka Seimitsu product) to our lineup
       Peace of Mind & Safety Comfort
• Providing system solutions for peace of mind, safety, and comfort by optimal proposals for total systems
TORSEN*4
Driveshaft
Propeller shaft*6
Differential unit
Yutaka Seimitsu products
Became a JTEKT subsidiary in January 2020
In January 2020, JTEKT acquired all shares of Yutaka Seimitsu Kogyo, Ltd. and made it a subsidiary.
      *3 A mechanism that absorbs the difference between the right and left wheel rotation for smooth turning.
*4 A type of LSD (Limited Slip Differential) that optimally distributes torque on the lateral or longitudinal axles when the vehicle is turning.
*5 Intelligent Torque Controlled Coupling: A mechanism that detects the difference between front and rear wheel rotation and achieves optimal front and rear wheel torque distribution by electronic control
*6 A shaft that transfers power from the engine to the rear axle in 4WD and rear-wheel drive vehicles.
4WD driveline system solutions
ITCC*5
  SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
JTEKT’s evolving solutions
Linkless Steer-by-Wire*1
A steering mechanism that has eliminated the mechanical linkage between the steering wheel and the tires
     Peace of Mind & Safety
Comfort
• Drivers’ safety in the event of a collision has been enhanced by removing the shaft previous in the vehicle’s interior.
• Optimal tire control is calculated instantaneously from the driver’s steering wheel operation and various vehicle information, thus providing passengers with a comfortable driving experience.
• Enhances the degrees of freedom in the driving space (the steering wheel can be stored away during autonomous driving mode)
   Steering actuator
 Peace of Mind & Safety
Electrification & Autonomous Driving
Reaction torque actuator
Going forward, JTEKT will spark new innovation with our No. 1 & Only One technologies and contribute to resolving an expanding array of social issues, such as global warming, declining birthrates, a shift to an elderly society, and disaster risks.
During normal driving During autonomous driving
*1 A mechanism that transmits the rotation of the steering wheel to the tire electronically rather than mechanically
High Heat-Resistant Lithium-Ion Capacitor*2
A lithium-ion capacitor that can be used at a temperature range of -40 ̊C to 85 ̊C Please refer to COLUMN on page 28.
COLUMN
Promoting further sales expansion of high heat-resistant lithium-ion capacitors
Based on a patented technology, high heat-resistant lithium-ion capacitors are “No. 1 & Only One” products that can operate in a range of -40 ̊C to 85 ̊C. They offer improved system installation flexibility as they can be installed in a vehicle without requiring a cooling device and excellent durability against deterioration caused by self-heat generation during large current charge/discharge, giving advantages in charge/discharge performance and durability over competitors’ products.
Besides the automotive industry, we are receiving inquiries from customers that manufacture trains, construction machineries, logistics facilities, and other equipment and are working aggressively to expand our sales channels.
    •
Installed in the system and used as a backup power supply
If for some reason there is a disruption to electric power in the vehicle, this capacitor can supply power to the actuator that moves its tires.
           Main power supply
Backup power supply
High heat-resistant lithium-ion capacitor
• Maintenance-free • Highly durable
    automobile
EPS backup power unit (Application: Backup, high-output)
• High installation flexibility • Resilient to tough
environments
• Supports large current
• Low loss
30-series module Trains
Factory equipment
Renewable energy
Aircraft
          •
Can be used for backup power supply, power assist, energy recovery, and various other purposes
• High heat resistance allows it to be installed within vehicles without cooling equipment
Improved System Installation Flexibility
Buses and trucks
   *2 A power storage device with increased energy density by adding lithium ions to the negative electrode material of a power storage device (capacitor) having an electric double layer of a positive electrode and a negative electrode
Medical equipment
Construction machinery
 27
28

 Special Feature: Bearing Business
 SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
 SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
JTEKT’s evolving solutions
Bearing technologies required in the spread of vehicle electrification • Improved reliability: Respond to new issues that arise
COLUMN
Ultra-high precision bearing PRECILENCE*4
 from electrification
• Response to autonomous driving: Contribute to safe and reliable driving
• Response to high speed: Address needs for high-output and smaller motors
• Torque reduction*1: Contribute to even better fuel efficiency
  “Only One” technology Non-circulating type ball screw for
electric brakes*2
Non-circulating type ball screw
We have simplified the ball screw mechanisms that efficiently convert the rotational motion of an electric motor into linear motion. This will contribute to the evolution of electric braking technology that is needed to meet the demands for size and weight reduction and for autonomous driving technology.
      29
* PRECILENCE is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation. 30
*1 To reduce force to move objects (equivalent to low friction)
*2 This is a kind of machine element comprising a screw shaft, a nut, balls, etc. with
a mechanism for converting linear motion to rotational motion, and vice versa. *3 A phenomenon that the outer ring rotates in relation to the housing
   2025
2020 2015
2010
2010
2015
2020 2025
• Corrosion-resistant bearing
• Creep-resistant ball bearing
• Tapered roller bearing with outer ring oil sump
• Ball screw for electric brakes
• Sensing hub unit
• Hub unit for in-wheel motors
• Long-life planetary shaft for needle roller bearings
• Improved hub unit seal reliability
 “No. 1” technology Grease-lubricated high-speed ball
bearing for EV motors
Standard width
Developed item
Developed cage Grease retention
  JTEKT developed a grease-lubricated ball bearing for EV motors that enables the world's fastest* high-speed rotation of all those bearings for EV motors. This development addresses the need for smaller motors and higher motor output, which will help to improve electric power efficiency and extend the cruising range of the vehicle.
* According to JTEKT research
     “No. 1” technology
(LFT*5 series) 5th generation Low-Friction-Torque tapered roller bearing “LFT-V”
As tapered roller bearings used in automotive transmissions and differential units*6, we have developed the LFT-V, which offers the No. 1 lowest torque and weight in the LFT series. LFT-V will contribute to making automobiles lower in fuel consumption and higher in energy efficiency.
 • High-speed rotation single ball bearing (grease lubricated)
• High-speed rotation ball bearing (oil lubricated)
• Ball bearing for electric superchargers
• Ball bearing for integrated starter-generators
• High-speed ball bearing for hybrid vehicles
• Ultra-lightweight hub unit
Koyo Seiko Co., Ltd., one of the predecessors of JTEKT, will celebrate the 100th anniversary of its founding in 2021. In honor of this milestone, we are working to elevate JTEKT’s Koyo brand of bearings to a global top brand. Toward that goal, we worked to deepen our base technologies (materials and heat treatment technologies) and innovate our processing technologies. This led to the successful development of PRECILENCE, a bearing that offers ultimate rotational accuracy, quietness, high speed, low torque, and longevity that conventional bearings were not able to achieve. We will continue contributing to the advancement of all sorts of industries with our “No. 1 & Only One” technologies.
*4 PRECILENCE is the brand name of an extra precision bearing that offers both precision and silence. The brand will be developed as a series in the future.
*5 Low Friction Torque
*6 A mechanism that absorbs the difference between
the right and left wheel rotations for smooth turning.
• Hub unit with low-torque seal
• Low-torque ball bearing for high axial load • Low-torque grease for hub units
  • Lightweight and low-torque hub unit • Low-torque thrust needle roller bearing
• Low-friction torque tapered roller bearing (LFT-V)
• Low-friction torque tapered roller bearing (LFT-III)
• Low-friction torque tapered roller bearing (LFT-IV)
  “Only One” technology
Ball bearing with suppressed
creep wear*3
Special coating Circumferential groove
We have enhanced resistance to creep caused by the strain of the outer rings of thin section ball bearings used in electrified powertrain units. We are therefore able to contribute to making transmissions smaller, lighter, and more reliable.
       g
n
i
v
i
r
d
s
u
o
m
o
n
R
o
e
s
t
p
 o
u
n
a
s
e
o
t
t
o
e
h
s
i
g
n
h
o
p
s
s
p
e
e
R
e
d
y
t
T
i
o
l
i
r
q
b
u
a
i
e
l
e
r
r
e
d
d
u
e
c
v
t
i
o
 o
r
n
p
m
I
 
 Special Feature: Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business
 SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
 SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
JTEKT’s evolving solutions
High accuracy cylindrical grinders*1
Gear skiving centers*4
Skiving tools
Based on the Skiving Theory of Creation*5, our gear skiving centers achieve tool design with low-resistance and high accuracy and a variety of tooth formations, such an involute*6 and special shapes.
Static technology STAT BEARING
STAT BEARING is installed in the grinding wheel spindle, known as the heart of the grinder, which has no metal-to-metal contact and is highly accurate and rigid.
Thermal control
We use CAE analysis*3 to thoroughly reduce thermal deformation and achieve stable grinding accuracy.
*1 A machine that grinds the surface of a workpiece using a rotating grinding wheel
*2 Computer Numerical Control: A device that controls machinery based on predetermined numerical values.
*3 Computer Aided Engineering: Simulations and analyses using computers during the machine design process
High-speed CBN processing technology
We provide productivity improvement to our customers through our rich experience in processing gained from our development of grindstones that began in the early 1970s.
C-X control technology
A highly responsive servo system that synchronizes the amount of movement in the grinding bed and work axis rotation with high accuracy is achieved through a built-in CNC *2 device.
Highly durable with a high-speed spindle
A compact, high-speed, and highly durable unit created from a high- output, built-in motor and our in- house large-diameter bearings.
High-speed and synchronized gear machining control
Our proprietary CNC achieves high- speed and highly accurate synchronized rotation and gear tooth formation with perfect freedom.
Gear tooth position control technology
This is a non-contact position detection technology used to accurately determine the tool blade position in order to accurately machine the item to be cut without re-affixing it while changing tools for complex gears.
              Work axis C
Servo amplifier
Wheelhead X
TOYOPUC GC70
                   COLUMN The voice of the customer
“Circle for True Circle” with an eye toward the
product ahead
Hideto Yamada
President of Yamada Seisakusho Co., Ltd.
In the 50 years since its foundation, Yamada Seisakusho has focused on grinding processes to make things perfectly round in a way only possible by master craftsmen. It is known as a company with the slogan “Circle for True Circle” that works to improve and maintain the accuracy of roundness. In contrast to manufacturing sites in Japan supported by veteran employees with long years of experience, at Yamada Seisakusho young female staff in their 20s are energetically operating processing machines. The background to this is the belief that business continuity would be difficult when relying on the skills and experience of specific individuals. They therefore pursued business innovation by standardizing internal operations and deploying IoT and robots so that anyone could perform the required tasks. In addition, the introduction of IoT enabled the company to analyze operating conditions on the factory floor and have younger employees make improvements.
The TOYODA grinders that support Yamada Seisakusho’s highly accurate processing have received such feedback as, “They are easy to operate, and it is easy to achieve accuracy. Since we get accuracy, tasks can be standardized, it is easy to work with robots.”
In this way, “No. 1 & Only One”TOYODA grinders are contributing on the factory floor, where there are issues with business continuity and automation is progressing at a rapid clip.
COLUMN The voice of the customer
Realizing an ideal general-purpose
line for gears
Unit Production Technology Division Hino Motors, Ltd.
Hino Motors is a manufacturer of trucks, buses, and other commercial vehicles.
In addition to a broad product lineup, its vehicles have a long model life, which means it has an extremely large number of parts to manufacture and manage. Of these, it has a wide range of manual transmissions that are made on in-house lines comprising specialized machines (gear shavers*7 and broaching machines*8) for each item. JTEKT’s gear skiving center recently adopted by Hino Motors concentrates
     31 * STATBEARING is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
* TOYOPUC is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
32
gear cutting and a variety of other jobs within one unit regardless of differences in size or specifications of the item. This enables the ideal production of multiple items in small lots, greatly reduces manufacturing lead times, and overcomes a range of issues such as removing tasks that require intuition and experience.
JTEKT received the following positive feedback, “We received the best solution for dealing with multi-product and small-lot production of parts from the latest models to those released over 30 years ago.”We will work together with Hino Motors to create low-cost, lightweight and compact next-generation transmissions while further enhancing the performance of machined parts.
*4 Machinery that creates gears using the relative velocity that arises when a tool and the item to be machined are put at an angle and rotated.
*5 A theory to analyze the cutting phenomenon based on the path of motion of the item to be machined passing through the tool during the skiving machining method. *6 A planar curve in which the normal vector is constantly in contact with a fixed circle
*7 A machine used in the rough machining of gears using a method of moving the tool up and down to cut gears.
*8 A machine that transfers the tool tooth shape to the item to be machined using a long tool called a broach with multiple teeth.
 
  Review of Operations
 Steering Business
 Axial force (kN)
Segment
4
5
A
6
7
B
8
9
C
10
11
D
12
13
E
14
SU
15
F V/PICK-U
P
16
Vehicle posture control / Optimal cornering
ration
~2030
Ideal
Reaction force unit
Driving force Braking force distribution distribution
Toyota Group coope
~2018
Technology internalization
Strengthen JTEKT Group foundation
Chassis area
    ~2024
     17
  System
C-EPS
P/DP-EPS
 H-EPS/HPS
C-EPS
DP-EPS
 RP-EPS
RP-EPS
 H-EPS*6/HPS*7
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
  Business Overview
Contributes to safety, the environment and improved convenience through the provision of steering systems, which assume the basic vehicle function of “turning.” With a main product lineup including column assist-type EPS*1 and rack assist-type EPS*2 able to provide EPS for a variety of automobiles, from passenger cars to large commercial vehicles, this is one of JTEKT’s flagship businesses with No. 1 global share.
*1 EPS where the motor responsible for the assist is attached to the column
*2 EPS where the motor responsible for the assist is attached around the steering rack
Business Environment
Rapid progress of technological innovations represented by CASE*3, including autonomous driving and vehicle electrification
Global-scale projects and increasingly sophisticated customer demands
Sluggish growth in automobile market due to sudden economic slowdown
Intensifying price competition
*3 Acronym that stands for Connected, Autonomous, Shared, and Electric. This implies the importance of mobility services across industries as well as physical changes to automobiles in terms of components.
Steering Business Strengths
Net sales and operating income ratio
Fiscal 2019 Review and Business Strategy for Fiscal 2020
(Billions of yen) 800
600 400 200
In fiscal 2019, sales and profit declined compared to the previous fiscal year because of sluggish growth in the automobile market caused by the sudden economic slowdown and intensifying market competition. At the same time, R&D expenses increased due to expanded investment in the switch to rack assist-type EPS, development efforts in new areas and CASE compliance.
In fiscal 2020, we will focus on profit and work to build a robust structure that can withstand changes in the market and operating environment. Additionally, as the No. 1 steering system supplier, we will further enhance our competitiveness and make the leap from steering system supplier to a supplier able to contribute to chassis functionality, striving to evolve from a business that provides products to a provider of value.
Driveline area Driveline
Steering
Brake
Suspension
Net sales
Operating income ratio
(%) 10
5
JTEKT applies technologies cultivated in electric power steering (EPS) to contribute to the realization of a safer and more comfortable car society and autonomous driving.
Solutions for social issues
(from the perspective of the SDGs)
        00
Vehicle dynamics
Component system technology
Unit element technology
  ’17 ’18
Customer Demands
’19
(FY )
High quality, high performance, low cost (service maximization)
System proposals from vehicle perspective Provision of advanced systems (technologies and products realizing autonomous driving)
Runs smoothly by reading off the magnetic marker information on the dedicated road and specifying the position of the vehicle (co-development with Advanced Smart Mobility Co., Ltd.)
Lane Keep Control
—Autonomous Bus Demonstration Test—
Magnetic marker
Realizing safety, security, comfort and convenience at a high level by fusing human and vehicles
Steering unit
Steer-by-wire*8
 Issues and Responses
*8 A mechanism that transmits the rotation of the steering wheel to the tire electronically rather than mechanically
  One out of every four cars in the world is equipped with JTEKT steering Developing global business for Japanese customers as well as European customers
Column assist-type EPS (C-EPS), dual pinion-type EPS (DP-EPS)*4, and rack parallel-type EPS (RP-EPS)*5 in the main product lineup, which can provide EPS to all passenger cars
Sales Development Production Make efficient, Mutual complement
2 m 2m
1. Improving profitability by strengthening project planning and management.
We promoted the development of each project by dividing roles for each function, from planning to mass production, which limited the collaboration across functional boundaries. In response to this issue, we will build a system that allows us to manage projects, from initial planning to order receipt and mass production in a single process, to improve both the quality of service we provide our customers and profitability.
2. Building an optimal business structure to improve competitiveness
Amid drastic changes that happen once in a century, JTEKT’s ability to deepen the global collaboration required to maintain our competitive advantage as the No. 1 supplier in steering has been an issue. In response, we will respond swiftly to market demands, rethink our new business structure, leverage the strengths of each Group company and build optimal production systems in competitive areas and manufacturing sites to improve our competitiveness.
                  No. 1 share
Utilizing these three strengths, JTEKT will contribute to the realization of a car-oriented society where everyone
Group companies
Sales
Development
Production
            *4 EPS with two pinion shafts and assist motor mounted around the rack bar
*5 EPS with assist motor attached parallel to the rack bar
*6 Electro-hydraulic power steering: Steering mechanism using a motor to drive a pump that assists hydraulically *7 Hydraulic power steering: Steering mechanism that uses the engine to operate a pump that assists hydraulically
Wide customer
can move safely, securely,
Abundant lineup
Making the Leap from Steering System Supplier to a Supplier Able to Contribute to Chassis Functionality
Steering share Fiscal 2019
base and comfortably
To succeed in the automobile industry, which is said to be undergoing a once-in-a-century period of changes, JTEKT believes that it will not survive by simply providing steering systems as in the past. Leveraging the strengths and experience that earned us a No. 1 global market share, we will expand our approach to focus on the chassis domain, transforming from a business that provides products to one that provides value, evolving into a business that customers need more than ever before.
   (%) 0
JTEKT
Company A Company B Company C
10 20
30
   27%
 Hirofumi Matsuoka
Chief of Steering Systems Business Unit
  Column assist-type EPS
Dual pinion-type EPS
Rack parallel-type EPS
 33 * C-EPS, P-EPS, RP-EPS, and H-EPS are registered trademarks of JTEKT Corporation.
34

 Review of Operations
 SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
 Driveline Business
      Creating New Added Value
Autonomous driving
Natural behavior Low noise
Provide Solutions
Realize driving demanded for mobility
Enhance driveline systems
Low vibration Electrification Lightweight
   Stopping
Turning
Provide high-performance driveline units
High-efficiency Compact
    Driving
Sensing (road surface information)
   Advance cultivated skills and techniques to refine products
  ITCC integrated differential Driveline system
   Development of New TORSEN “Type D”
Development Concept
Providing compact, low-priced LSD*8 for EVs and FF passenger cars, contributing to improved safety, security, and driving performance
*8 Limited Slip Differential: A driveline device that optimally distributes the torque of the left and right or front and rear axles when the vehicle turns
TORSEN Type-D
ITCC and Differential*9 Modularization Development
Development Concept
Compact, lightweight and low-cost modularized 4WD unit meeting customer expectations.
*9 Mechanism that absorbs the rotational difference between the left and right wheels to make smooth turns
    Business Overview
Providing driveline products*1 for vehicles, torque control devices (TCDs)*2, hydraulic systems*3 and valve units for fuel cell vehicles (FCVs), etc., related to the basic vehicle function of “driving.”
*1 Drive shafts, propeller shafts and other products that deliver driving force
*2 TORSEN, ITCC and other mechanisms that distribute front, rear, left and right driving force *3 Electric oil pumps, mechanical oil pumps, FC valves and other products
Business Environment
Changes in product composition due to acceleration of vehicle electrification and autonomous driving Slowdown of growth in emerging markets and intensifying market competition
Competitor mergers, accelerating alliance revisions
Driveline Business Strengths
Net sales and operating income ratio
Fiscal 2019 Review and Business Strategy for Fiscal 2020
*5 Intelligent Torque Controlled Coupling: A mechanism that detects the difference between front and rear wheel rotation and achieves optimal front and rear wheel torque distribution by electronic control
*6 A type of limited slip differential (LSD) driveline device that optimally distributes the torque of the left and right or
STEP 3
Vehicle behavior control
4WD
Driveline
front and rear axles when the vehicle turns.
STEP 1
Individual unit response
STEP 2
Modularization (compact, light and low-cost) Driveline system-optimized proposals
Net sales
Operating income ratio
(%) 10
5
Through the energy-saving, improved travelling safety, and other benefits provided by our driveline parts, we will contribute to the creation of a safer and more secure society. We will also contribute to the enjoyment of driving through vehicle torque control.
Solutions for social issues
(from the perspective of the SDGs)
 (Billions of yen) 200
150 100 50
In fiscal 2019, sales increased but profits declined compared to the previous fiscal year due to a slowdown in emerging markets, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, intensifying market competition and higher expenses associated with the development of next-generation products.
In fiscal 2020, we will establish solid traction, placing a higher priority than ever on profits. At the same time, we will bolster our business foundation to make the leap forward as a system supplier.
      Wide lineup: Product lineup includes driveline, hydraulic systems and TCD
4WD control technology: 4WD control making full use of “No. 1” product ITCC*5 and “Only One” product TORSEN*6 Provides comprehensive vehicle driveline system solutions
00
Issues and Responses
Improving Competitiveness with Thorough Cost-Reductions and a Stronger Business Foundation
 ’17 ’18 ’19
Customer Demands
Provision of high-quality, low-cost products Driveline system through product proposals (especially in conventional areas) for customers shifting resources to CASE*4
(FY )
*4 Acronym that stands for Connected, Autonomous, Shared, and Electric. This implies the importance of mobility services across industries as well as physical changes to automobiles in terms of components.
Amid a rapidly changing competitive environment characterized by competition with mega suppliers, market entry by companies in different industries and corporate restructuring driven by competition, JTEKT must thoroughly increase it competitive advantage. To meet this expectation,
realizing increased efficiency and a stronger structure are challenges. In response, we will promote thorough improvements in efficiency utilizing the TPS*10 and aim to become a professional driveline organization.
*10 Toyota Production System
   JTEKT (ITCC) +
Yutaka Seimitsu (differential)
Propeller shaft*7
      4WD system Drive shaft
    *7 Shaft that transmits the driving force of the engine to the rear axle in 4WD vehicles and FR vehicles
Promoting accumulation of technology and knowledge to become a supplier able to propose units or modules based on an understanding the behavior of the entire vehicle
In an aim to improve vehicle performance, JTEKT will provide optimal driveline system proposals to facilitate solutions for safe, secure and comfortable automobiles.
At present, we are experiencing what is said to be a once-in-a-century period of transformation, with the automobile manufacturers comprising our customer base allocating a massive amount of resources to CASE compliance. Given these conditions, JTEKT believes we can contribute to society through automobile advances enabling us to meet expectations as a true partner to our customers through proposals for products involved with automobile driving functions responsible for total systems.
Takumi Matsumoto
Chief of Driveline Systems Business Unit
 35
36

  Review of Operations
 Bearing Business
      Fifth-generation super low friction torque tapered roller bearings (LFT-V)
Bearings used in automobile transmissions and differential units
• Lowest torque in the LFT series
• Low fuel consumption and long
automobile life
• Contributes to space saving and weight reduction
“PRECILENCE” super high precision bearings
“P2*2”bearings that realize the“highest precision” rotatability applicable for the sophisticated machining precision required for machine tools
• Rotation accuracy (four times more accurate than conventional bearings)
• Quietness (about one-half the vibration of conventional bearings)
• Low torque (30% lower than conventional bearings)
• Long life (two times longer than conventional bearings)
Controlled magnetic bearings
Bearings used in turbo rotating machines such as compressors, blowers, expansion turbines and turbine generators
• Support for high-speed rotation • Maintenance-free
• Oil-free
       Advantages
Advantages
Advantages
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
  Business Overview
From vehicles to industrial machinery JTEKT bearing products are used in rotating parts for all industries, supporting the revolution of society in unseen places. In the automotive field, we support vehicle electrification and autonomous driving, while in the industrial machinery field, we develop business based on proposals supporting various usage environments, such as semiconductors, robotics and aerospace, in an effort to provide value and service. Through these activities, we will contribute to the realization of a better society from the perspectives of environmental preservation and the creation of social infrastructure.
Business Environment
Automotive bearings: Acceleration of vehicle electrification and autonomous driving Industrial machinery bearings: Diversification of operating environment
Intensification of global competition
Bearing Business Strengths
Net sales and operating income ratio
Fiscal 2019 Review and Business Strategy for Fiscal 2020
(Billions of yen) 500
400 300 200 100
0
(%) 6
4 2 0 -2 -4
In fiscal 2019, we engaged in structural reforms focused on Japan, North America and Europe. Despite improvements to our earnings structure resulting from these efforts, sales declined significantly, causing sales and profits to decline compared to the previous fiscal year.
In fiscal 2020, we will promote global developments, including existing and new technological developments accumulated up to now over the past 100 years of the Koyo brand, while overcoming the trend toward commoditization by strengthening cost competitiveness through stringent cost-reduction efforts driven by manufacturing technology innovations.
Net sales
’18
Operating income ratio
Bearings play a role in supporting rotating parts in all types of machinery. JTEKT bearings contribute to society by providing a wide range of bearings for everything from all types of automobile to various industrial machines.
Solutions for social issues
(from the perspective of the SDGs)
      Issues and Responses
 As the JTEKT Group operates automobile parts and industrial machinery businesses, we are able to provide comprehensive development support from the customers’ perspective.
Unmatched low-torque technology represented by the Low Friction Torque (LFT) series
Broad product lineup enabling support for a wide-variety of industrial machine applications
Main Products
Customer Demands
1. Improving profitability through structural reforms
To survive market commoditization, we believe it necessary to strengthen cost competitiveness through cost reduction activities in accordance with the realization of innovative manufacturing reforms. To this end, we will promote structural reforms through selection and concentration from a global perspective, including manufacturing base integration, along with the robust promotion of productivity improvements through expanded automation, unmanned operations and increased speed.
2. Aiming to become the niche leader in growing markets
In the Bearing business, we believe that it is necessary to respond to changes in the social environment, such as the shift from internal combustion engines to electrification in the automobile industry, declining birthrates and aging populations and information technology innovations. To achieve this, we will concentrate resources on the development of new areas, new products and high added value products that anticipate customer needs in an aim to grow and develop by becoming the leader in the niche field.
’17
’19
(FY)
 Timely provision of products that support energy saving and electrification (high-speed rotation/ quietness/low-torque*1/compact)
Products and services that respond to changes in the social environment
Stable supply and cost competitiveness in line with
globalization
*1 To reduce force to move objects (equivalent to low friction)
    37
38
*2 Indicates the highest level of bearing accuracy precision
A Business that Continuously Creates Value and Provides Customers with Safety, Security, and Excitement
—Koyo, the World’s Top Brand—
In the Bearing Business, we want to contribute to automotive bearing technology innovations by advancing the elemental technologies we have cultivated over our 100-year history and by developing new automotive technologies to further promote electrification and autonomous driving.
We also aim to contribute to robotics, semiconductors, medical equipment and a wide range of other industries expected to grow robustly in the future with our industrial machinery bearings.
Katsumi Yamamoto
Chief of Bearing Business Unit
 
  Review of Operations
 Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business
     Process concentration
Motor shaft EV unit decelerator
       High precision
Difficult-to- cut material
Carbide tool
 Spindle
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
   Business Overview
This business provides cam and crankshaft grinders*1, general-purpose cylindrical grinders and other cutting machines*2, machining centers*3, gear skiving centers*4 and other machine tools meeting customer needs, as well as IoE*5 Solution. Machine tool element components and system devices are proprietary and manufactured by the JTEKT Group. In recent years, this business has expanded into growth areas such as semiconductor equipment, vehicle battery equipment.
*1 Machine that grinds the surface of a workpiece using a rotating grinding wheel
*2 Machine that cuts the surface and shape of a workpiece using a rotating tool
*3 A numerically controlled machine tool with an automatic tool change function that
performs different types of machining such as milling, boring, drilling, and tapping using
the same machine
*4 Machine for gear skiving processing using relative speeds generated by tilting and
rotating tools and workpieces
*5 Internet of Everything: Refers to the connecting of everything to the Internet of Things (IoT)
Business Environment
Rapid conversion of automobiles to EVs Declining workforce, highly skilled workers not passing on technical knowledge
Growing semiconductor demand in line with acceleration of 5G and artificial intelligence (AI) Intensifying global competition
Net sales and operating income ratio
Fiscal 2019 Review and Business Strategy for Fiscal 2020
Reduction in working population
• Increased labor-saving and automation needs
Net sales
Operating income ratio
We are transforming machine tools TOYODA into a monozukuri (building excellent products) innovation company.
Providing value in all phases of monozukuri and contributing to customer value enhancement with “Only One” technologies.
Solutions for social issues
(from the perspective of the SDGs)
 (Billions of yen) 200
150 100 50 0
(%) 10
5
0
In fiscal 2019, in response to social changes such as a declining workforce, the shift to EVs and the development of 5G and AI technologies, we released an autonomous grinding system with a built-in transport and measurement system, an advanced gear skiving center and JTEKT IoE Solution supporting human growth. Furthermore, in response to the customer need to use products over the long term, we pursued lifecycle value and made efforts to accelerate support for recovery utilizing customer data and dispatching personnel as soon as possible in the event of a disaster. However, the impact of the market slowdown was substantial, resulting lower sales and profit compared to
the previous fiscal year.
The economic downturn is expected to continue in fiscal
2020, thus we will strive to strengthen our structure by streamlining manufacturing processes and further pursuing lifecycle value through the utilization of IoE technologies as a means of establishing our management foundation. Additionally, we will promote the evolution of “Only One” technologies for next generation high-precision cylindrical grinding machines and gear skiving centers.
We will also make an effort to strengthen machine tool group cooperation and expand business in growth areas.
      Customer Demands
Issues and Responses
Accelerating Digital Transformation
’17
’18
’19
(FY )
Product innovation through miniaturization, weight reduction and noise reduction
Labor saving and automated equipment that improve factory productivity
Equipment able to facilitate detailed and homogeneous processing
Shorten delivery times and lower equipment costs through local production
To maintain and further advance our position as Japan’s top provider of high-precision cylindrical grinders and the leading company in gear skiving with“Only One”technology, we must accelerate product development and create greater value than ever before. To this end, we are making
an effort to speed up production development with the establishment of a digital design center and a modular evaluation center with the aim of accelerating the digital transformation to create new business value.
?
      (Millions of people) 100
50
0
60.0 66.48
’16
58.1 56.7
64.04
Labor force participation rate (%)
55.5 58.80
’30
  61.49
What’s the best solution?
 Grinding system integrating in-line measurement that maintains the production of quality products
Pursuing the Speedy Creation of New Value
Cooperative robot and gear skiving center that realize highly efficient combined machining of all kinds of gears
Appropriate support realizing improved productivity and quality
 ’20 ’25
   Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business Strengths
Our strengths include, technological capabilities cultivated in automobile engine lines, “No. 1 & Only One” high precision grinding and gear skiving technologies, with the technologies used to control these realized through in- house development and manufacturing utilizing integrated machinery.
The overall strength of the JTEKT Group lies in the ability to propose the entire systems that improve the value of customer products through cost reductions, advanced functionality and other enhancements.
Our mission is to provide tools that enhance the value of customer manufacturing by helping them realize their goals.
Social changes and technological innovations create new demand and new competition. We want to be sensitive to changes and demand to pursue and provide new value in a timely manner.
 Koyo Machine Industries Co., Ltd.
Koyo Thermo Systems Co., Ltd.
GROUP
  Koyo Electronics Industries Co., Ltd.
Shinji Kato
Chief of Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business Unit
 39
40

 Unit
 FY2017
  FY2018
  Major ESG*12 Data
   Together With Society
The JTEKT Group aims to contribute to the resolution of social issues and
realize a sustainable society through business conducted in accordance with its corporate philosophy.
Contributing through monozukuri
FY2019
816.0 830.0
108.4 614 611
9,237 10,374 217 205 12.2 10.7 6.20 6.26 1.35 1.29
2 0
     Products [Consolidated]
        Corporate Activities Standards
Responsibility to our customers and business partners
• We follow proper business practices and engage in fair, transparent, and free competition based on a respect for the law.
• We derive concepts from the market, provide the best in quality, technology, and service, and obtain the satisfaction and trust of customers.
Responsibility to our shareholders
• We maintain close communication not only with shareholders but also with society at large and disclose corporate information properly, while at the same time working to improve our corporate value on a continuous basis.
Responsibility to our employees
• We respect the individuality of employees, create workplaces that are motivating to employees and enable them to fulfill their potential, and strive to provide each with abundant living circumstances.
Contributing to regional societies and to global society
• As a good corporate citizen, we aggressively pursue activities that contribute to society.
• We follow international rules, observe the laws, cultures, and customs of countries and regions
where we have operations, and seek to contribute to their growth.
• We carry out global environmental improvement activities proactively and aggressively with deep
awareness of their being an important corporate mission.
Responsibilities in line with global-level business activities
JTEKT has established the Global Conduct Guideline in an effort to fulfill its social responsibility as a company conducting business activities on a global scale. This guideline is updated and revised on an ongoing basis to appropriately reflect changes in international affairs and the social environment and expectations of society on corporations.
* For more information, please visit JTEKT’s website. https://www.jtekt.co.jp/e/sustainability/csr/concept/
Implementation of CSR activities in each division on a companywide basis
At JTEKT, we believe CSR is a core corporate activity from the belief that “the company is a public institution of society” and, as such, each of our divisions and units formulates an annual activity plan. A PDCA cycle* is then applied to this plan in accordance with monthly management based on policy control. Through this type of mechanism to achieve goals, we are incorporating concrete initiatives in company policy and division / unit policies to achieve the steady promotion of CSR activities.
*1 The Plan, Do, Check, Action management method for ongoing operation improvements
Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value
In February 2009, JTEKT established the CSR Promotion Committee chaired by the president, which has periodically inspected the progress of CSR activities. In March 2017, this committee was renamed the “Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value”. In addition to the reporting on CSR activities conducted in the past, the council has ongoing discussions regarding conversations with various stakeholders, the sharing of results of evaluations by external organizations, JTEKT’s contributions toward the realization of a sustainable society, and the creation of new value.
Total
CO2 emissions for internal production
CO2 emissions in logistics
Waste per in-house production volume Water usage per in-house production volume
1,000t
Incidents People 1,000t 1,000t t/Billions of yen 1,000m3/Billions of yen
Incidents
761.0
543 — 227 12.8 6.78 1.43
0
R&D [Consolidated]
Contribution to CO2 emissions reduction*3
 Product group examples
Steering*4 C-EPS Powerassist steering system
1,000t
372.0
370.0
361.6
    Bearings*5 Tapered roller bearings for automobiles
1,000t
111.4
115.0
      552
636
647
      Incidents
368
 334
 320
  CO2 emissions for internal production
 1,000t
 784
  808
  751
 CO2 emissions in production per in-house production volume
t/Billions of yen
140.3
131.1
126.3
CO2 emissions in logistics per net sales
 t/Billions of yen
1.99
 1.82
 1.65
 Packaging usage per net sales
t/Billions of yen
0.77
0.75
0.78
 Release / transfer of substances subject to PRTR
 t
 38
  27.1
  25.7
   Social Contribution Working Group
R&D [Nonconsolidated]
Total cost of R&D*6
No. of patents pending
No. of patents acquired
Establishment of a firm management foundation
Billions of yen
    Quality [Nonconsolidated]
No. of visitors to quality exhibitions (Total)
  Environment [Consolidated]
Prevention of global warming
  Environment [Nonconsolidated]
Prevention of global warming
 Effective use of resources
 Reduction and management of environmentally burdensome materials
 No. of environmental issues
   Employees [Consolidated]
  Ratio of foreigners occupying key positions in overseas locations
%
 65.3
 65.7
 74.1
Employees [Nonconsolidated]
 Level of understanding by employees of own division’s vision
%
 67.1
 68.0
 86.3
Female employee percentage
%
10.3
10.8
10.3
Percentage of women in administrative positions Managerial positions
%
0.92
1.07
1.20
Assistant managers
%
4.11
4.69
5.15
Percentage of employees with disabilities
%
2.17
2.17
2.24
Employees who took childcare leave
People
49
60
68
Employees who took family care leave
People
1
5
6
Percentage of vigorous and vibrant workplaces*7
 %
55.3
 21.4
 18.2
  Governance [Nonconsolidated]
 No. of internal reports made
Incidents
50
49
35
Local contribution [Nonconsolidated]
  No. of youth development*8
People
 1,201
 1,627
 1,288
No. of information get-togethers with local community
Place
13
13
13
No. of participants in region cleanup activities
 People
4,665
 4,861
 3,178
   Global Conduct Guideline
CSR Promotion
  Main Points of the Global Conduct Guideline
 1. Laws and Rules
2. Customers and Business
Partners
3. Company
4. Our Colleagues 5. Society at Large
  Outline of the CSR Promotion Structure
Secretariat
Regular status appraisal and risk evaluations regarding all risks affecting business operations such as compliance and confidentiality, and the spread / enforcement of an awareness of compliance with laws, company rules, and ethics
Promotion of social contribution activities and volunteer activities
*2 *3
*4 *5 *6 *7 *8
Acronym that stands for environmental, social and governance. Used as an indicator to determine whether or not a company Amount of CO2 reduction in the use stage of product by environmental design. The amount calculated globally is shown in a has been partially changed since FY2016.
Figure is calculated based on the number of products designed by JTEKT therefore products produced overseas are included. Nonconsolidated
R&D costs included in general administrative costs and manufacturing costs.
Based on internal employee survey results
Number of participants of elementary school, junior high school, and high school students
can grow sustainably.
single year. The calculation method
Third-Party Evaluations
In light of our efforts and information disclosure in the ESG areas, JTEKT has been selected for inclusion in FTSE Russell’s FTSE4Good Index Series and FTSE Blossom Japan Index. Also, within the corporate survey conducted by CDP*9, in fiscal 2019 we received an A- in the climate change and a B in the water security categories. Going forward, through our CSR activities, we will contribute to sustainable societies and strive to sustainably enhance our corporate value.
*9 CDP: Representing global institutional investors, CDP provides information disclosure on corporate activities with regard to climate change, water, and forest resources. This is an NPO that provides investors with disclosure using an eight-level assessment (A–D) with regard to company responses.
      Risk Management Working Group (Risk, Compliance)
                https://www.ftserussell.com/ja
 41
42
 TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
Board of Directors
Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value
Companywide Health & Safety Management Committee
Intellectual Property Committee
Council of Public Disclosure
Corporate Quality Meeting
Technology Management Meeting
Purchasing Function Meeting
Production Function Meeting
Human Resources Function Meeting
Information System Function Meeting
Safety Assurance Export Management Committee

  Corporate Governance
Progress toward enhanced governance
JTEKT recognizes that corporate governance enhancements are an important management issue, thus we are engaged in efforts to reform and strengthen our corporate structure including the formulation of guidelines and annual implementation of the PDCA cycle in response to the Corporate Governance Code.
In November 2019, we reviewed matters to be referred to the Board of Directors and delegated decision-making authority with regard to items of low importance to the executive director meeting, revising the Board of Directors regulations for the purpose of setting aside more time for Board of Director deliberation of management strategy and other, more important items.
In April 2020, the existing “managing officer system” was abolished and a new “senior management system” was introduced. As a result, this has enabled the promotion of talented young employees and the flexible assignment or withdrawal of human resources in important posts, which has significantly reduced the number of officers.
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
   Promotion structure
Corporate Governance
enhance corporate governance in order to fulfill its corporate social responsibility (CSR) and increase its corporate value.
JTEKT holds Board of Directors’ meetings every month where, in addition to items stipulated by law and the Articles of Incorporation, deliberations take place and decisions are made pertaining to the medium-term business plan aimed at realizing our corporate philosophy and the JTEKT GROUP VISION. This includes management strategies (business plan, personnel, organizational, capital and investment measures) aimed at achieving the medium-term business plan, as well as oversight of the execution of duties by directors. Furthermore, of the three outside directors, two independent directors from outside the company were appointed to strengthen the supervising function of the Board of Directors. In addition, subcommittees under the Board of Directors, such as executive director meetings, management meetings, and companywide registered meetings, are held to fulfill deliberations on individual matters and supervise the performance of duties by managing officers.
To ensure a transparent, fair, prompt and efficient management, JTEKT has opted for a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board to inspect directors’ execution of duties, which consists of five auditors, three of whom are outside auditors (of which two are independent outside auditors). Additionally, two full-time staff members in the Corporate Auditors Department assist the Audit & Supervisory Board members.
Regarding internal auditing, the Audit Department, which reports directly to senior management, inspects the business execution of each function and business division and the effectiveness of internal controls, reporting the results to representative directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board to ensure auditing independence. In accounting audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members receive reports and explanations from accounting auditors, confirming the appropriateness of auditing methods and results as well as the independence of accounting auditors.
In addition, in order to enhance the efficacy of these audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members, the accounting auditor, and the Audit Department regularly hold discussions to exchange information and engage in mutual cooperation.
Former System (Managing Officer System)
New System (Senior Management System)
   Status
 Division
  Role Position
   Status
Director
Executive Managing Officer
Managing Officer
Executive Technical Advisor • Executive Managing Advisor
Manager R0 Manager R1
Manager R2
Chief of Division
Chief of Division / Vice Chief of Division / Regional Business Manager / In charge of Organization
Vice Chief of Division / Regional Business Manager / In charge of Organization
In Charge of Organization / (General Manager)
General Manager (Office Manager)
General Manager / Office Manager / Manager / Group Manager
Officer
Director
Executive Managing Officer
Senior Management
Manager R2
Chief of Division
Chief of Division / Vice Chief of Division / Regional Business Manager / In charge of Organization
Vice Chief of Division / Chief of Regional Business Manager / Vice Chief of Regional Business Manager
Chief of Field *2 General Manager (Office Manager)
General Manager / Office Manager / Manager / Group Manager
Role Position
     Officer
     Employee
    Employee
  *2 Flexible appointment/withdrawal
 Main Governance Reform Initiatives
 Date
  Measures
 June 2005
Introduction of executive officer system
 May 2006
 Publication of Corporate Governance Report
 Jan. 2008
  Establishment of Global Internal Audit Department
 Feb. 2009
Establishment of CSR Promotion Committee
 June 2013
 Appointment of foreign executive officer
 June 2015
  Appointment of two outside directors
  Feb. 2016
Establishment of Executive Officer Personnel Appointment Review Meeting
(Comprising representative directors and outside directors)
  June 2016
  Establishment of Executive Remuneration Meeting (Comprising representative directors and outside directors)
  Date
  Measures
 March 2017
Establishment of Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value
 Oct. 2017
 Establishment of Risk Management Department
 June 2018
  Increased number of outside directors by one, to a total of three
  June 2019
Appointment of a female outside member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
 Nov. 2019
 Revision of the Board of Directors regulations
 Apr. 2020
  Introduction of senior managing system
        Corporate Governance System
  Appointment / Termination
General meeting of shareholders
Financial audit
Auditor audit
Cooperation
Appointment / Termination
Cooperation
Corporate Auditors Department
    Executive director meetings
 Management meetings
Accounting auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers Kyoto
 Board of Directors
Directors: 13
(Outside Directors: 3)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members: 5 (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members: 3) Chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors (Chaired by the President
when the Chairman is absent)
 Execution of duties (Managing officers)
(Individual faculties and departments)
  Companywide registered meetings
Internal audit
  Audit Department
Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board (committee) Audit & Supervisory Board Members: 5 (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members: 3) Chairman: Atsushi Kume,
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Board of Directors Held once per month Makes decisions about important matters within management, and supervises directors’performance of duties.
Audit & Supervisory Board Held once per month Inspects the appropriateness of methods and results of audits of the directors’performance of duties, and of audits performed by the accounting auditor.
Executive director meetings Held once per month Supplements the Board of Directors, deliberates important matters within management, and determines fundamental policies.
CompanywideStrategicMeetings Held twice per month The Board of Directors, executive director meetings, and management meetings delegate authority to companywide registered meetings to examine the policies and direction of the company through specialized and sufficient deliberations from the standpoint of duty performance.
Management meetings Held once per month Supplements the Board of Directors, and manages the progress of policies within the performance of duties. In addition, these meetings enable problem points and issues within performance of duties to be shared extensively among directors and officers.
Companywide Registered Meetings See below The purpose of these meetings is to engage in deliberations focused on important management themes and apply the PDCA*1 cycle.
Group governance
In order to engage in fair, transparent and efficient Group management, JTEKT is engaged in the following initiatives at our domestic and overseas subsidiaries.
 *1 Acronym for “Plan, Do, Check, Action.” A management method for the continuous improvement of operations through the repeated application of this cycle.
1. 2.
3.
4.
JTEKT share items with subsidiaries, including the JTEKT GROUP VISION, the JTEKT WAY and the medium-term business plan, with the business plan progress confirmed at meetings at top meetings.
JTEKT requires that subsidiaries to engage in prior consultation or post-reports on important matters based on the “Prior Consultation and Reporting System Standards.” Important matters concerning Group management are deliberated and decided by the Company committees. Also, regarding major subsidiaries, JTEKT confirms that the decision-making process is functioning properly within the subsidiary.
JTEKT developed the JTEKT Group Business Management Guidelines and requires subsidiaries to establish internal control systems.
We also require the prompt reporting of serious financial, safety, quality, environmental, and disaster risks.
JTEKT requires that subsidiaries establish compliance systems based on the “Global Conduct Guidelines.”
Subsidiaries also conduct regular compliance inspections based on checklists provided by JTEKT.
Companywide Registered Meetings
  Human Resources Function Meeting
Purchasing Function Meeting
Corporate Quality Meeting
Production Function Meeting
Technology Management Meeting
Information System Function Meeting
Held
Held
Held
Held
Held
Held
twice per annual
twice per annual
once per annual
twice per annual
twice per annual
four times per annual
Companywide Health & Safety Management Committee
Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value
Council of Public Disclosure
Held twice per annual
Held twice per annual
As needed
Function Meetings
Councils and Committees
         43
44
JTEKT continuously strives to
 Division

  Corporate Governance
Outside Directors and Auditors
JTEKT appoints outside directors who fulfill requirements for outside directors and possess experience and insight within their field. They are also selected based on the excellence of their character and viewpoints, and for their high ethical standards, perspectives, and knowledge in accordance with the JTEKT policy for appointing directors. Furthermore, JTEKT conducts the appointment of outside members of the Audit & Supervisory Board from a perspective of audit neutrality and objectivity. These members are also selected based on their experience and viewpoints.
Appointment of Outside Directors and Outside Members of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Nomination of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board member candidates
Director and Auditor remuneration
Concerning the nomination of director and Audit & Supervisory Board member candidates, the “Executive Officer Personnel Appointment Review Meeting,” comprising the president and independent outside directors, nominate candidates with various areas of expertise and experience in consideration of maintaining the overall balance and diversity of the Board of Directors.
Director remuneration consists of fixed remuneration (monthly remuneration) and performance-linked remuneration (bonuses). Performance-based remuneration consists of short-term incentives paid based on Company performance in each business year, and medium- to long-term incentives paid depending on the degree of achievement of the medium-term business plan.
Short-term incentives are calculated based on a bonus table, using consolidated operating profit as an indicator.
Medium- to long-term incentives are calculated by multiplying the referenced amount by a coefficient obtained based on the degree of achievement of financial indicators such as ROA as well as social contribution indicators such as CO2 emissions, which are set based on the medium-term business plan. The coefficient fluctuation range is 77% to 137%.
Remuneration for each director is decided through a resolution by the Board of Directors based on the results of examination at the Executive Remuneration Meeting, which consists of the president and independent outside directors.
In fiscal 2020, in consideration of the business results of the previous fiscal year, no bonuses were paid to directors.
Audit & Supervisory Board members receive only monthly remuneration, no bonuses are paid. Independence from management is ensured by establishing a remuneration system that is unlikely to be affected by corporate performance. The amount of remuneration for each Audit & Supervisory Board member is determined through discussions among Audit & Supervisory Board members.
Total Amount of Corporate Officer Remuneration (Fiscal 2019)
14 ¥337 million
5 ¥106 million
19 ¥443 million
JTEKT’s Board of Directors, in which outside directors participate, strives to engage in lively discussions based on a diverse array of knowledge and abundant experience, conducting meetings that enable us to make timely and appropriate business decisions.
The effectiveness of the Board of Directors is analyzed and evaluated as follows.
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
       Position
Name
Main reasons (experience, insight, etc.) for appointment
Attendance record in fiscal 2019 (attended/held)
  Board of Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board
         Director
Takao Miyatani
As a corporate executive and industrial group chairman, he possesses a wealth of experience and deep insights involving manufacturing over many years, and is appointed to supervise the management of the Company and provide appropriate advice and recommendations. In addition, he has satisfied the requirements for an independent director and it has been determined that there is no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders.
15/15
        Director
Iwao Okamoto
Having held important positions in the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Japan-China Economic Association, he possesses a wealth of experience and deep insights into domestic and overseas industrial and economic activities, and is appointed to supervise the management of the Company and provide appropriate advice and recommendations. In addition, he has satisfied the requirements for an independent director and it has been determined that there is no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders.
15/15
        Director
Takeshi Uchiyamada
As a corporate manager, he possesses a wealth of experience and deep insights involving manufacturing over many years, and is appointed to supervise the management of the Company and provide appropriate advice and recommendations.
12/13
(After appointment)
        Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Takashi Yoshida
As a certified public accountant, he possesses a wide range of knowledge regarding finance and accounting, and is appointed to audit the management of the Company and provide appropriate advice and recommendations.
15/15
        Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Hiroyuki Wakabayashi
As a manger, he possesses a wide range of experience and knowledge with deep insight into corporate governance, and is appointed to audit the management of the Company and provide appropriate advice and recommendations.
13/15
        Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Yumiko Sakurai
As a certified public accountant, she possesses a wide range of knowledge regarding finance and accounting, and is appointed to audit the management of the Company and provide appropriate advice and recommendations.
13/13
(After appointment)
      —
—
     Category
 Directors
Number of allowances
Amount of remuneration, etc.
      Members of the Audit & Supervisory Board
  —
—
15/15
12/15
11/11
(After appointment)
Evaluating the efficacy of the Board of Directors
Total
          Provision of information to Outside Directors and Auditors
In order to further enhance deliberations by the Board of Directors, JTEKT explains details regarding Board of Directors’ meeting agenda items to outside directors and auditors on the day before the Board of Directors’ meeting, and on the day of the Board of Directors’ meeting, a Liaison Meeting for Outside Directors and Members of the Audit & Supervisory Board is held to share information between outside directors and auditors. In addition, regarding M&A and other important items, a Management Review Meeting is held, in principle, one month before the Board of Directors’ meeting, attended by the same participants as the Board of Directors, including outside directors, to ensure a sufficient amount of time to review all agenda items.
•
•
Analysis and Evaluation Process
Audit of “efficacy of important meetings, including the Board of Directors” by the Audit & Supervisory Board members
Implementation of “survey on the efficacy of the Board of Directors” by the Board of Directors Secretariat targeting directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
Overview of Evaluation Results
From the result of evaluations in fiscal 2019, we recognized a need to improve the legibility of meeting materials, but in general, it was evaluated that the meetings are functioning properly and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors was confirmed.
 45
46
Independent Director

   Corporate Governance
Messages from Independent Outside Directors Messages from Independent Outside Members of the Audit & Supervisory Board
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
  Takao Miyatani
Independent Outside Director
Engaging in monozukuri that addresses society’s needs
In my opinion, it is most important for senior executives to manage JTEKT so that there is a balanced and sustainable happiness among customers, shareholders, and the employees of the company and its suppliers. Toward that end, it is critical to innovate and have discussions on a daily basis. Outside directors who are not involved in business execution have a responsibility when required to ask for disclosure on how discussions are proceeding in regular meetings and to confirm that the necessary discussions are taking place. In this regard, I would like to provide stimulus to the management of affiliated companies both in Japan and overseas.
Looking back over the history of the automotive industry, it started about 130 years ago with Karl Benz’s invention of the first car powered by a gasoline engine. This was followed about 30 years ago with measures to respond to restrictions on exhaust emissions and then by hybrid vehicles and a succession of innovations that address society’s needs. We are now amid competition that occurs once in a century in the race for the development of EVs and autonomous driving technologies while also contending with various issues arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Against this backdrop, this is the exactly the time for JTEKT to take center stage since from its foundation, its history has been one of providing customers around the world with what they need. I would like to see the company go all out for monozukuri (building excellent products) during this time.
Sharing changes in the environment both internally and externally, tackling key issues full force
JTEKT’s business environment is characterized by unprecedented transformation and risks brought on by the advent of CASE*1, the U.S.-China tensions, and the global COVID-19 pandemic. To propose and implement sustainable growth strategies, JTEKT needs to share an awareness of internal and external environmental changes within the concerned departments and concentrate companywide and Groupwide know- how and technology toward making solutions a reality. From these perspectives, I attend preliminary briefings and Board of Directors’ meetings and raise issues on occasion as well as engage in discussions with the executive side on the how the related divisions are tackling issues.
As a global company, JTEKT is expected to do its utmost to help achieve the SDGs*2 in order to bring about sustainable development in the global society. On this point, each time I attend a plant inspection, I get a strong impression that not only the general managers, but also the line managers in each group and worksite are fully aware of the significance of the SDGs. I am also confident that each employee has a sense of ownership for each of the goals as its relates to their daily work and that this is the pillar of JTEKT’s social contribution.
*1 Acronym that stands for Connected, Autonomous, Shared, and Electric. It expresses the physical transformation in automobiles from a hardware perspective and importance of mobility services with the involvement of other industries.
*2 Sustainable Development Goals: International objective composed of 17 goals and 169 targets for realizing a sustainable world, as described in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development adopted at the United Nations Summit in September 2015.
 Iwao Okamoto
Independent Outside Director
  Takashi Yoshida
Independent Outside Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Injecting society’s common sense as an Independent Outside Auditor who “doesn’t go with the flow”
According to the Companies Act, the role of an auditor is to audit directors in the execution of their duties. Outside auditors are positioned as parties who can express their opinions independently and objectively without being influenced by executives.
I endeavor to review JTEKT’s business from a viewpoint maintaining a certain distance from those responsible for execution and to express my opinions candidly to the President and the Board of Directors. When you have been associated with an organization for a long time, there is a tendency to stick to tradition. That is way I audit the company to ensure there are no gaps between what is viewed as common sense at JTEKT versus the view of society. I intend to continue carrying out my duties as an independent outside auditor who “doesn’t go with the flow”.
Amid the transformation in the automotive industry that occurs only once a century, JTEKT is taking a long view toward continuous growth under its Group vision, “No. 1 & Only One”. Strengthening ties with various stakeholders is essential for realizing this goal.
The COVID-19 pandemic is having a serious impact on our lives now, but I believe once the pandemic passes, the world will change at a speed and scale like we have never seen before. In my opinion, JTEKT also needs to take aggressive and swift moves to address this drastic transformation.
Strengthening ESG*3 initiatives and enhancing corporate value
I believe what is demanded of outside directors and auditors in a nutshell is: “from a position of neutrality, enhance corporate value, which is the common interest of all stakeholders.”
Previously, I had understood the mission and role of independent outside directors and auditors to be enhancing corporate value as an advocate of shareholders, one of the stakeholders of a company. However, the age of shareholder primacy has ended, and I now believe that companies as public institutions need to secure continuous growth by improving corporate value with a focus on diverse stakeholders. Toward that end, I believe it is important to focus not only on short-term earnings, but also on how a company should be from a long-term view taken objectively and from the viewpoint of an outsider.
The COVID-19 pandemic put the brakes on economic activities and has caused people to raise such questions as “What is globalism?” and “Was capitalism in fact correct?” I believe JTEKT has continued to share the philosophy embedded in the SDGs and endeavored to enhance its corporate value through its approaches to ESG.
In my assessment, it will be important for JTEKT to continuously grow by taking a holistic view both in terms of time and geopolitics as it heads into an uncertain future. I hope it takes a broad perspective on various economic and social activities and creates businesses that can contribute on a global scale by applying its strong technological capabilities and thus creates happiness for all humankind.
*3 Acronym that stands for environmental, social, and governance; used as an indicator to determine whether a company can grow sustainably.
 Yumiko Sakurai
Independent Outside Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
47
48

  Corporate Governance
Risk management
Promotion system
Basic Approach Enhancing corporate value and meeting the expectations of society
To maintain and strengthen fundamentals (corporate foundation) while responding quickly to changes in the management environment and sustainably enhancing corporate value, we are working to improve our risk management promotion system that ascertains, evaluates, and appropriately promotes measures with respect to critical risks faced by the entire JTEKT Group.
The companywide Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value regularly reviews risks, including those in the external environment, having the potential to affect business activities, society, and the environment. In October 2017, we established a new system in which the Compliance Officer (CO) was transitioned into the Risk Management Officer (RO) in order to strengthen our risk prevention efforts. In addition to deploying risk management in each department and Group company, risk management will be integrated into activities related to corporate governance and compliance to enhance the efficacy and efficiency of activities aimed at controlling risks globally.
JTEKT comprehensively systematizes risks, including the utilization of external knowledge. The risk management sections conducted level-based evaluations with regard to the impact and preparation for specific assumed scenarios, the results of which were shared with a Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value held in March 2019. Moreover, with regard to the spread of COVID-19, we received a risk report from China in January 2020, and in addition to responding to employee health and safety risks, we shared the status of our response to transmission risks, including the suspension of manufacturing among other activities.
From fiscal 2015, we broadened the scope of our immediate reporting system, which requires prompt reporting after identifying compliance issues and even with regard to noncompliance risks, and ensure that operational rules are in place to quickly issue initial reports after risks are uncovered.
Compliance
Basic Approach All employees exhibit correct judgment and conduct in line with corporate ethics
JTEKT positions compliance as the premise and foundation of corporate value, therefore it is essential to realizing our corporate philosophy. JTEKT has established various internal rules concerning corporate compliance centered on the Ethics Code for Directors and Officers and the Compliance Rules, while the Global Conduct Guidelines indicate behavioral guidelines for officers and employees.
Furthermore, in addition to sharing the aforementioned Global Conduct Guidelines with each Group company, we promote corporate compliance as one of the most important items in the JTEKT Group Business Management Guidelines, encouraging and supporting the establishment of promotion structures appropriate for each company.
JTEKT conducts ongoing training and awareness-raising activities targeting its directors, employees, and all Group companies regarding how compliance is deeply intertwined with its operations. We conduct annual workshops for company officers (directors, auditors, managing officers and others) who are vital for compliance. The theme for our fiscal 2019 workshop was the roles and responsibilities of executives in corporate management. We provided participants with the opportunity to refresh their awareness on these issues through a lecture by outside lawyers. Moreover, every July is declared Risk Management Strengthening Month, during which the president sends out a message to all JTEKT employees, including those at JTEKT Group companies, and compliance training materials are distributed for e-learning and workplace reference in an effort to support compliance activities in each workplace. Even within internal training planned by our HR Department, we address compliance issues so that each employee can take the necessary precautions suitable to their rank and job type.
Regular inspections are conducted in all departments within the Company and each company in the JTEKT Group to examine management conditions in terms of compliance related to operations.
To enable a fine-tuned response to each consultation case, JTEKT has established the Corporate Ethics Consultation Desk and several other consultation desks aimed at the prevention, early detection, and recurrence prevention of scandals. From fiscal 2020, we will improve the ability of the JTEKT Group to respond to whistleblowing by unifying the operation of the Corporate Ethics Helpline (lawyer consultations), part of the Corporate Ethics Consultation Desk, within domestic subsidiaries.
No. of Internal Reports Made in the Past Five Years
No. of reports 51 45 50 49 35
JTEKT places particular importance on compliance with antitrust laws, competition laws in each country, and laws relating to corruption and bribery with JTEKT and its Group companies, products, and business transactions in light of global trends placing importance on fairness in trading and the current situation in terms of stricter regulations and enforcement.
The JTEKT Group conducts business in approximately 30 countries and regions, transacting business between Group companies across countries and regions. With regard to transfer pricing, we established a policy that complies with the OECD Transfer Price Guidelines and strive to ensure appropriate declarations. Furthermore, we do not engage in tax source erosion or income transfers that abuse tax havens or tax treaties located outside the country or region where our business is located. In addition, regarding important matters such as risks related to tax payments, the Chief of Corporate Division reports to the Board of Directors and other committees, and a system is in place to receive guidance from the Board of Directors.
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
      Risk Management Structure
Overall
Promotion and unification of risk management for the Group overall as well as proposals relating to internal control, etc. to the Board of Directors
Chief Risk Management Officer (CRO)
Business / Function / Region
Promotion and unification of risk management in each business / function / region
Risk Management Officer (RO)
Departments / Subsidiaries
Promotion and unification of risk management in each department / subsidiary
Department General Manager
Promotion and unification of risk management in each department
  Global Chief
Risk Management Officer (GCRO)
 GCRO
CRO
RO
Group training and awareness activities
     Clarification of risk appraisals and responses
Thorough adherence to immediate reporting
Group compliance inspections
Whistleblowing system
     Role of the Internal Reporting Consultation Desks
Perso相n r談ep者orting
   Corporate Ethics Consultation Desk
 Consultation regarding general compliance
 Harassment Helpline
 Consultation regarding power or sexual harassment
  General manager of the department where the risk occurred or was discovered (Group company president)
  Reports
Representative departments of functional management
Management meetings
Reports
     Risk Management Officer
Headquarters Control Division
Legal Department
   FY
 2015
 2016
 2017
 2018
 2019
 Supervision of initiatives for prevention Information and recurrence prevention dissemination
All departments / All Group companies
  Strengthening risk perspectives in each division
Information security
For each division to autonomously handle risks, the annual execution plan formulated on a division level incorporates response to potential risks that may inhibit the fulfillment of the said plan and this promotes prevention of risk manifestation and remedial measures by each division independently.
As the number of cyberattacks and virus infections increase throughout the world, JTEKT is cognizant that these are extremely significant risks that threaten our corporate activities. In each process we engage in, such as product development, manufacturing, and shipping, the strengthening of information security measures is indispensable for our ability to supply safe products.
Given these circumstances, in March 2019 we formulated the JTEKT Group Information Security Policy and shared it throughout the entire Group in an effort to enhance information security.
Antitrust laws and corruption prevention
Initiative for appropriate tax payments
   49
50

  Society
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
   Forging Sustainable Relationships with Stakeholders
The JTEKT Group has grown into what it is today through the support of its various stakeholders.
We believe the opinions and requests of such stakeholders are important references when making decisions relating to our business activities, and we are working to increase opportunities for productive dialogue.
Safety and health-related initiatives
To create a safe and comfortable workplace environment
Following a revised Safety and Health Philosophy, "All accidents are definitely preventable!,” all employees engage in safety and health activities and to enhance a comfortable workplace environment. In addition, a dedicated global message, “All for One in Life,” expresses the safety actions of the philosophy. All JTEKT focuses on ZERO accidents.
 Safety and Health Philosophy
JTEKT and JTEKT Group aim to create a safe and secure workplace for zero accidents in the belief that “All accidents are definitely preventable!”
All for One in Life
“To promote a ‘Safety-minded people’ and ‘Safe workplace’ that enables all employees to work safe and healthy.”
[JTEKT Safety and Health Action Guidelines]
1. We promote detailed activities with the participations of all employees.
2. We understand and abide legal laws and safety rules regarding safety and health.
3. We promote continuous KAIZENs towards zero accidents.
June 25, 2020 JTEKT CORPORATION
Senior Executive Director
Makoto Sano
       Employees
Human resources development measures
Promoting diversity
We are undertaking the building of workplaces in which employees can work enthusiastically and healthily over the long term, as well as putting in place a human resources development framework that encourages every individual employee to undertake self-directed learning and helps them to achieve personal growth.
We position diversity promotion as one of the important management strategies for realizing the JTEKT GROUP VISION.
  Concrete Measures for Promoting Diversity
Based on an approach that recognizes diversity, in its ultimate sense, as valuing the personality of each individual, we are striving on a daily basis to build a workplace environment in which every employee is able to undertake their work with enthusiasm and motivation.
• Starting from fiscal 2015, we have been making a major effort to promote diversity, with the commencement of measures focused on fostering the advancement of female employees and non-Japanese employees.
• Since fiscal 2017, we have been expanding and promoting our measures for realizing active participation by senior citizens and people with disabilities.
• In fiscal 2018, as part of our efforts to help employees balance their work responsibilities with their childcare or family care responsibilities, we have launched various measures, including expanding the scope of day-care center provision on weekends and public holidays, organizing seminars for employees wishing to return to work after taking time off for family care or childcare responsibilities, etc.
• In fiscal 2019, we promoted activities aimed at understanding and support for LGBT.
• In May 2019, we were awarded Kurumin Mark certification in accordance with the provisions of the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.
Balance Support System (examples)
• Reduced working hours for childcare: Enables employees to shorten fixed working hours until the end of March when the child completes the second year of elementary school
• Day-care support: Established “Tacchicchi House,” an on-site daycare (open on public holidays), through collaboration with four Toyota Group sponsor companies
• Babysitter subsidy system: 50% of babysitter costs are subsidized by the Company (up to ¥240,000 yen per employee, per year)
  Health-related initiatives
Promoting healthy minds and bodies for every employee
From March 11, 2019, through the end of August, we conducted a Companywide safety campaign with the aim of becoming “Global No. 1 even in safety.” Specific activities included: (1) Serialized a special issue on safety in the Company newsletter for six months starting in
the March
(2) Posted safety posters at each office
(3) Distributed safety carrying cards
We aim to raise the safety awareness of all employees, realize a safe workplace, and realize safe people.
JTEKT values the health of each and every one of its employees and as such, conducts health management activities so that employees may enjoy their daily work and go about it with vitality.
  Building a sound framework for human resources development
Supporting employees with disabilities
JTEKT’s human resources development framework comprises the following key pillars: on-the-job training (OJT), off-the-job training (OFF-JT), and career development.
Achieving Mental Health
JTEKT consistently promotes mental health countermeasures focusing on preventing depression and mental illnesses, but the number of employees in their 20s and 30s taking leave for the first time increased in fiscal 2019. In response, we conducted communication skills improvement training for employees in their 30s. We also provide mental health education as part of level-based training for new managers and supervisors. In fiscal 2019, we provided mental health education for managers, communication skills training, and education for factory supervisors. We increased conversations with workplace members and made efforts to create an atmosphere in which it is easy to speak out.
 • OJT
• OFF-JT
Grade-specific, position-specific, and age- specific training
Selection training / thematic training (problem- solving training, etc.)
Training in specialist fields (safety and health, environmental, quality management, technology-related, etc.)
• Succession planning
Helping employees to build up valuable experience through carefully planned training and rotation
• Planning is underway for the utilization of talent management systems and learning management systems to build a framework for employee rotation that makes effective use of data, identify skill gaps at the level of individual employees and implement effective career planning, and realize on-demand training, etc.
• The Global Succession Committee develops and optimally allocates management personnel for the entire Group
  Achieving Physical Health
JTEKT places importance on the prevention, early detection, and early treatment of illnesses such as lifestyle-related diseases, and proactively supports the health management of its employees.
  We support the active participation of employees with disabilities by creating a comfortable work environment and assigning work to employees according to their individual disability characteristics. In addition, as society is faced with the challenge of improving the workplace retention rate for people with disabilities, we are working to improve our retention rate by inculcating a thorough understanding of the workplace and work through practical training for employees with disabilities.
Certified as an Excellent Health Management Company (Large-scale Company Category, White 500) four years running
For four consecutive years (as of 2020), JTEKT has been certified as an Excellent Health Management Company (White 500) in recognition of its proactive initiatives promoting the emotional and physical health of its employees.
 51
52

  Society
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
  Business Partners
Promotion of fair and equal business transactions
We follow proper business practices and engage in fair, transparent, and free competition based on a respect for the law.
JTEKT respects its business partners and aims to develop and grow based on mutual trust.
In our Corporate Activities Standards and Purchasing Philosophy, we have clearly stated our policy of practicing open and fair business regardless of nationality, company scale, and experience doing business with JTEKT. Moreover, in order to offer fair and equal opportunities to trade with us, we publicly disclose the preliminary steps to establishing trade with JTEKT on
Local Communities
Sports promotion initiatives
As a good corporate citizen, we aggressively pursue activities that contribute to society.
Through sports, JTEKT will contribute to the development of young people and the promotion of sports, and by expanding the scope of activities of JTEKT STINGS, which has become No. 1 in Japan, we will strive to improve the company’s recognition and favorable impression.
     our website.
Purchasing Philosophy
Purchasing Basic Policy
We provide open, fair, and equal opportunities to all regardless of nationality or company size, including companies with no experience doing business with JTEKT.
Build mutual trust through close communication with business partners.
Achieve harmonious relationships with business partners based on mutual trust.
Achieve stable procurement meeting JTEKT’s quality, cost, volume, and delivery requirements through continuous business.
Achieve optimal purchasing from a global viewpoint and improve international competitiveness through a strong supplier chain.
  Fair and transparent business transactions
  Mutual trust
Coexistence and co-prosperity
Long-term, stable business relationships
Global purchasing
 Purchasing policy meeting
JTEKT Supplier Association Disaster mitigation study session
CSR Activity Items Guidelines for suppliers
Activity items that
the Guidelines request suppliers comply with
JTEKT’s purchasing policy meeting was held in April 2019, with 277 representatives of 258 companies in attendance. As part of our procurement policy for fiscal 2019, we made requests concerning the strengthening of CSR and thorough implementation of safety measures, both of which are the basic premise of business. We also explained key implementation items for the current year. In addition, we presented awards to our business partners for outstanding achievements throughout the year in terms of quality, technology, VE*1 and VA*2 proposals and the environment (newly established from fiscal 2019) .
*1 Value Engineering: Engineering having a simple and robust structure
*2 Value Analysis: Analysis that improves profitability for products currently in mass production.
The JTEKT Supplier Association, comprising 250 business partners (as of fiscal 2019), aims to build relationships of mutual trust among council members and strengthen enterprise fundamentals, engaging in activities including quality management meetings, training sessions, lectures and a disaster mitigation study meeting to prepare for large-scale disasters. Regarding disaster mitigation activities, which have been attracting attention in recent years, study meetings were held during fiscal 2019 at Osaka and Nagoya in July and November focusing on two themes (responses to disasters such as typhoons and flood damage that occur over time, and the six-step process from ascertaining risks to countermeasure implementation) that deepened understanding of the necessity of preparing for and responding to emergencies during normal times.
In order to share JTEKT’s approach to CSR with suppliers, we have issued a set of CSR Activity Items Guidelines for suppliers, which clarify which items we expect suppliers to comply with. Suppliers are asked to also request that their own upstream suppliers follow these Guidelines.
Volleyball classes
JTEKT STINGS won their first league championship in their seventh year of promotion to the top league
V.LEAGUE 2019—20 Season Champions
The number of appearances on the nationwide television has increased due to Yuji Nishida becoming a regular member of the Japan men’s national volleyball team and the Tokyo Olympics.
Promotional videos featuring the catchphrase “Jump to the future!” have become popular in television commercials and on YouTube.
Nishida has won numerous awards, including MVP and Japan’s first top scorer
Through JTEKT STINGS activities, we held volleyball classes at all 14 locations in fiscal 2019 with the aim of promoting volleyball and interacting with local communities. During the July visit to Akita Prefecture, where JTEKT has an IT development center, more than 100 elementary and junior high school students enjoyed interacting and playing volleyball with V-Leaguers.
JTEKT strives to cultivate a sense of unity throughout the entire Group and to contribute to local communities and society by encouraging and supporting the players who are constantly challenging themselves to become “No. 1.”
       1. Managerial measures
• Compliance • Risk management
2. Stakeholder-related measures
• Quality maintenance and enhancement
• Good labor relations
• Adherence to corporate ethics
• Fair transactions
• Human rights protection and respect for
diversity
• Contributing to the local community
3. Global environment measures
• Environmental management • Environmentally friendly business activities
53
54

Initiatives aimed at fostering harmony with nature
Toyota City Asahi district
forest development project
JTEKT Head Office, internal departments
JTEKT has participated in forest service activities conducted by the “Asahi Ki no Eki Project Executive Committee” through the support of the Toyota City Oiden- Sanson Center since 2019.
In the activity in December 2019, we collected and
transported thinned wood in a 0.5 hectare planted forest
to be maintained by the Asahi Ki no Eki Project Executive
Committee and the mountain owner under the guidance
of the committee and the Yahagi-gawa Suikei Forest
Volunteer Council “Yamorikyou.” By adding forest health
checkups and thinning operations starting in 2020, we plan to develop environmental human resources for the preservation of the local environment and ongoing biodiversity conservation.
    Toichi-cho ecosystem survey
Nara Plant
Overseas affiliate company initiatives
NGO activity support
Overseas affiliate company: JABR (Brazil)
Support for local facilities
Overseas affiliate company: JAMX (Mexico)
JTEKT’s Nara Plant conducted an ecosystem survey in
December 2019 in cooperation with Kinki University at
Toichi Pond, which is located in Toichi-cho, Kashihara.
Since fiscal 2017, with support from Kinki University, the
Nara Plant has been conducting conservation activities
for Rhodeus ocellatus kurumeus (Japanese rosy bitterling),
which has been designated as a “Specified National
Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora” at a biotope
on the plant premises in Nara Prefecture. We will continue to collaborate with Kinki University and local residents to develop community-based activities in the future.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVA BRASIL LTDA. supports the activities of local NGO “Brasil Sem Frestas” by collecting and reusing Tetra Pak.
Brasil Sem Frestas is working on wall restorations and improvement activities to improve lifestyle temperature environments in local houses.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE MEXICO contributes to local communities through activities including the provision of food to animal shelters, the provision of sanitary products to evacuation shelters and assistance at nursing homes.
        55
 Society
 COVID-19-Related Activities
  Kokoro Hakobu Project
 The “Kokoro Hakobu Project” is a general name for ongoing and long-term support activities conducted by the Toyota Motor Corporation, Toyota dealerships and their employees throughout Japan with sincere and heartfelt concern in support of areas afflicted by the Great East Japan Earthquake. The Kokoro Hakobu Project is a general term for the support activities that TOYOTA Group works on together based on the desire to do something for all those who are struggling with COVID-19 and also those medical workers, governments and local government officials struggling day and night.
In-house mask production
In cooperation with Toyota Group companies, JTEKT launched in-house production of masks for employees as a COVID-19 preventative measure. Production and distribution began in June 2020. By utilizing our manufacturing technology to produce masks in-house, we will contribute to easing mask supply and demand.
Medical protective clothing donations
At JTEKT Group company Koyo Machine Industries Co., Ltd., 380 employees created 800 articles of protective clothing worn by medical workers at home as part of Koyo Machine Industries’ contribution to Yao City in Osaka Prefecture, where their office is located. This handmade protective clothing was donated to the Yao Municipal Hospital through the Yao City government.
Mobile PCR test facility trial
Tokushima University and JTEKT had been jointly developing a mobile test facility based on a comprehensive cooperative agreement signed in 2019. In anticipation of the spread of COVID-19, we urgently remodeled the mobile test facility that was being developed as a measure to contribute to the enhancement of the test system and the safety of medical workers, and have newly developed a mobile PCR test facility. We will conduct trial PCR testing at this facility in order to verify and evaluate issues in actual medical practice for future use of the facility.
         Facility exterior Facility interior
56
 TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY

  The Environment
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
   Aiming for a Sustainable Society and a Sustainable World
The JTEKT Group has positioned the environment as one of its main management issues.
In order to realize a sustainable society through “No. 1 & Only One” business activities, in June 2020, we formulated an “environmental philosophy” consisting of the environmental slogan “All for One Earth” and the JTEKT Environmental Action Guidelines. We have been promoting measures that contribute toward the realization of a sustainable society and earth through a promotional framework in which JTEKT Corporation and the JTEKT Group as a whole work together as one.
Environmental Challenge With the goal of realizing a sustainable society in line with the vision of “For the children of the
  Environmental Philosophy
Contribute to the building of an environmentally friendly society using our capabilities in the development of products and technologies
• Actively promote the development of products that are expected to contribute toward reducing the burden on the
environment, including components for fuel cell vehicles (FCVs), etc.
Work to minimize CO2 emissions throughout the product lifecycle, from materials and component procurement through to design, manufacturing, and eventual disposal
Work to minimize CO2 emissions from factories engaged in the manufacturing of products by 2050
• Expand the development and adoption of innovative new processes and production equipment
• Implement day-to-day improvements and enhance the efficiency of production equipment at our factories • Shift over to the use of renewable energy, hydrogen energy, etc.
Work to minimize emissions and expand recycling at the production stage
• Implement source control measures (including yield enhancement, etc.) and use strengthened separation measures, etc., to enhance the value of waste materials (generation of valuable resources)
• Effectively utilize recycled materials and expand internal recycling
Work to minimize water usage through the cyclical utilization of water used in our factories, etc., and ensure that wastewater discharged from our factories is discharged in a cleaner state
Promote activities aimed at fostering harmony with nature and protecting ecosystems, not only on a JTEKT- wide basis but also in collaboration with the Toyota Group and with government agencies and NPOs
Build a corporate culture and cultivate professionals oriented toward actively conserving the earth’s environment
• Strengthen employees’environmental awareness and cultivate people who can make a positive contribution to the
2050: Philosophy and guidelines
future,” JTEKT formulated the Environmental Challenge 2050 guidelines for measures aimed at minimizing JTEKT’s environmental footprint by 2050. The JTEKT Group’s Environmental Challenge 2050 is based around five key pillars—Products / Technologies, Creation of a low- carbon society, Creation of a recycling-based society, Harmony with nature / Biodiversity, and Environmental management—and the JTEKT Group is working together as one to take up the challenge of minimizing its environmental footprint and maximizing environmental value.
Environmental Challenge 2050 Formulated and announced in May 2016
  Environmental Philosophy
JTEKT and the JTEKT Group companies aim to realize a sustainable society through “No. 1 & Only One” business activities.
All for One Earth
— For our irreplaceable Earth —
[JTEKT Environmental Action Guidelines]
Based on the JTEKT Medium to Long-term Plan, we will make continuous improvement to our environmental management system and strive to achieve environmental targets and performance.
1. Comply with environmental laws and regulations, and address pollution prevention
2. Reduce substances with environmental impact, such as CO2 and chemical substances,
toward low-carbon and recycling-oriented societies
3. Work to protect biodiversity and ecosystems in harmony with local communities
June 25, 2020 JTEKT CORPORATION
Senior Executive Director
Makoto Sano
              Promotional structure
Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value
Global environmental management
JTEKT has established the Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value, which is chaired by the president, to promote environmental management. Under the guidance of this council, individual environmental subcommittees roll out activities based on ambitious goals.
We are working to further strengthen our environmental management, not only at JTEKT but also at our 20 Group companies in Japan and 38 Group companies overseas (as of March 31, 2020).
Overall JTEKT nonconsolidated CO2 reductions
Overall global CO2 reduction
350 300
250 200
-25% -35%
Formulating the next medium-term targets
environment, both within and outside the company
• Expand the implementation of global-scale environmental activities
(Thousand tons-CO2) 400
   Organizational chart
 Global Environmental Conservation Committee
Chairman: President
  Internal Environmental Audit Team
 Person Responsible for Environmental Management
 Global JTEKT Group Environmental Coordinating Committee
 Specialized environmental subcommittees
1. Environmental Responsive Products Subcommittee
2. Global Warming & Energy Conservation Subcommittee
3. Production Engineering Innovation for CO2 Reduction Subcommittee
4. Logistics Subcommittee
5. Resource Recycling Subcommittee
6. Environmental Risk and Social Contribution Subcommittee
 Japan
JTEKT Group Environmental Coordinating Committee in Japan
 Overseas
JTEKT Group Environmental Coordinating Committee Overseas
 Environmental Promotion Meetings
 Plant Environmental Conservation Committees at each plant
        (Thousand tons-CO2) 1,000
950 900 850 800 750 700 650 600
’13
’14
’13 ’14
’15
’15
’16
’16
’17
’17
’18 ’19
-18%
’18 ’19
’25 ’30 (FY)
-26%
’25 ’30 (FY)
           57
58
Category
 [Conversion coefficient used to calculate CO2 emissions]
With regard to the management of CO2 emissions per unit of production output in the period up until 2020, we have adopted a conversion coefficient that facilitates assessment of the results achieved in the company’s improvement efforts.
For overall emissions management in the period from 2021 onward, to ensure that CO2 emissions data more closely reflects the actual situation, calculation is performed using the market-based conversion coefficient specified by the individual electric power company for the year in question.
Guideline
  1. Products / Technologies
  2. Creation of a low-carbon society
  3. Creation of
a recycling-based society
 4. Harmony with nature / Biodiversity
  5. Environmental management
  Setting CO2 Emissions Target for 2030
To achieve the “minimal” CO2 emissions as stated in “Environmental Challenge 2050,” we have set medium- and long-term targets for 2030 as milestones. Overall emissions targets are in line with the 2°C (the goal of staying within a 2°C increase from pre-industrial levels) agreed upon in the 2016 Paris Agreement. Overall global CO2 targets call for a reduction of 26% compared to fiscal 2013, while nonconsolidated JTEKT targets call for a reduction in CO2 emissions by at least 35% compared to fiscal 2013. We aim to achieve this through production technology innovations, day-to-day improvements and the introduction of sustainable energy initiatives.

  The Environment
Environmental Action Plan 2025
In order to achieve 2030 targets, we formulated the Environmental Action Plan 2025 as a midway point.
Working backwards from Environmental Challenge 2050, we set specific numerical targets for the JTEKT Group to work toward as we approach 2025.
Third-party verification
Energy saving,
high-precision casting
method development
Hybrid liquification and
holding furnace
Production Support Division: Materials Innovation Department
In order to increase the reliability of data disclosure, JTEKT has undergone a third-party verification by SGS Japan Inc., with regard to results for fiscal 2019. The scope of this verification includes JTEKT’s manufacturing sites, domestic Group companies and some overseas affiliates covered by Scope 1, Scope 2 emissions, water usage and waste emissions, Scope 3 Category 6 (business trips), Category 7 (employee commuting) and Category 11 (use of products sold).
For more information: https://www.jtekt.co.jp/sustainability/environment/img/efforts/management/img26.jpg
We have developed a hybrid melting and holding furnace with the aim of improving fuel efficiency, reducing CO2 emissions and downsizing.
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
        Category
Implementation
Item
FY2025 targets
      Products and technologies
Global
JTEKT non- consolidated
Global
JTEKT non- consolidated
Global
Global
Contribution to CO2 emissions reduction through products
CO2 emissions
CO2 emissions from logistics
Renewable energy introduction rate
CO2 emissions
Renewable energy introduction rate
Recycling rate
Basic unit of waste
Basic unit of water usage
Basic unit of packaging material
Recycling rate
Basic unit of waste
Basic unit of water usage
Number of biodiversity conservation effort participants
—
FY2013
FY2013
—
FY2013
—
—
FY2018
FY2018
FY2018
—
FY2018
FY2018
—
1,650,000 t
25% reduction
25% reduction
More than 15%
18% reduction
More than 10%
More than 99%
7% reduction
7% reduction
7% reduction
More than 90%
7% reduction
7% reduction
More than 3,000 persons/year
Current liquification and holding furnace
Newly developed hybrid melting and
liquification furnace
• Reduction of furnace heat radiation by miniaturization of furnace and improved heat insulation
• Elimination of exhaust gas by changing holding and heating from gas to electric heater
    Building a low-carbon society
   Material input
Material input
Preheat
Liquify
Liquified gas burner
(Operated only when liquified)
     Building a recycling society
Holding gas burner (always operational) Pump outlet
Immersion burner
    Sent to die casting machine
15.6 development targets
Immersion-type heater
Liquification chamber
     Coexistence with nature and biodiversity
Temperature rise
Holding
Heating chamber
Pump outlet
Furnace size: 6.0 m2×1.8 m (H)
  Participation in TCFD
Concrete measures adopted in fiscal 2019
Resource inputs and outputs
The identification of medium- to long-term climate-related risks and opportunities and the disclosure of information to stakeholders that assesses the resilience of Company initiatives is required for corporations that are able to grow sustainably. Accordingly, in 2018, we endorsed and announced our support for the final report recommendations by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which was established by Japan’s G20 Financial Stability Board (FSB). This year, we will disclose our approach to climate change in accordance with the TCFD framework. Going forward, we will select multiple scenarios for analysis, including the International Energy Agency 2°C scenario, establish our “social image” and evaluate the adaptability (resilience) of our initiatives. In addition, we will consider assessing and disclosing the financial impact of climate- related risks and opportunities.
For more information: https://www.jtekt.co.jp/e/sustainability/environment/topics/
JTEKT quantitatively understands resources and energy use as inputs and emissions to the environment as outputs. To minimize the impact of global warming associated with business activities, we work to reduce energy focused on processes requiring high energy consumption such as casting, forging, heat treatment and machining. We will also promote the effective use of resources to realize further yield improvements.
Resource / energy inputs and environmentally hazardous substance emissions
25 20 15 10
5 0
21.8
For more information: https://www.jtekt.co.jp/e/sustainability/environment/topics/
CO2 emissions reduction
      10.9 -50%
   Conventional furnace
Developed furnace
     INPUT
Resource and energy inputs Raw materials
Total 335 Steel 318
Aluminum ingots
Resin pellets
Fuel oil and processing oil
Grease 2 Paint 0
Manufacturing
Forging Heat treatment
Machining
Painting Assembly
Finished product
Automotive parts Bearings Machine tools Mechatronic products
OUTPUT
Environmentally hazardous substance emissions Emissions into the atmosphere
Energy visualization
initiatives
Overseas affiliate company: JTC ( Thailand)
Introduction of solar power generation equipment
Overseas affiliate company: JALY (France)
Environmental campaign “Tree seedling distribution”
Overseas affiliate company: JABR (Brazil)
JTEKT (THAILAND) CO., LTD. (JTC), has been promoting
initiatives aimed at lowering CO2 emissions to 35% of current
levels by fiscal 2030 through efforts to achieve an annual
reduction target of 6% that include the reduction of 2,715
t-CO2 annually through the introduction of a photovoltaic
power generation system in July 2018. At present, to achieve
further reductions, JTC is engaged in the visualization of
energy consumption, using a remote monitoring system to perform detailed energy usage analysis and waste detection, which had been difficult to achieve using conventional manual meter checking. JTC plans to continue managing and improving its energy consumption going forward.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE LYON S.A.S. (JALY) has installed a 1,710 kW solar power generation system.
JALY will continue to engage in initiatives toward the introduction of renewable energy, which has a low environmental impact, while promoting the construction of plants in harmony with nature.
Since 2014, JTEKT AUTOMOTIVA BRASIL LTDA. (JABR) has been distributing tree seedlings to employees as part of its environmental efforts during Environmental Week.
In fiscal 2019, JABR distributed 200 tree seedlings that were planted at employees’ homes. JABR plans to pass this initiative on to the next generation as part of its environmental education for employees.
      thousand t
thousand t thousand t thousand t
6,507 kl thousand t thousand t
thousand t
CO2
SOX
NOX
Toluene and xylene
Emissions of other substances subject to PRTR
   Casting
 8 1
23
751 thousand t-CO2 0.6 t 47 t 41 t 14 t
       Discharge to bodies of water and sewers
     Resource circulation amount Energy
Total
Electricity
Renewable energy power generation
City gas
LPG Kerosene Heavy oil A*2 Water
Total
(By water source)
Surface water
Groundwater
Others (city water, industrial water, etc.)
Total Logistics Packaging
16,570,397 GJ*1
Total amount of wastewater (By release destination) Surface water
Groundwater
Seawater
Others (sewer, etc.)
3,332 thousand m3
2,157 thousand m3 76 thousand m3 62 thousand m3
1,037 thousand m3
             1,424,519 MWh 13,921 MWh 50,429 thousand Nm3 4,866 t 601 kl 196 kl
COD*4
Nitrogen
Phosphorus
Release or transfer amount of substances subject to PRTR
External waste
Waste
Reverse payment recycling*5
Sales recycling
Hazardous waste*6
Transfer amount of substances subject to PRTR
25 t 8 t 0.3 t 0 t
             5,435 thousand m3
1,249 thousand m3 1,772 thousand m3 2,414 thousand m3
894 thousand m3 Chemical substances (amount of substances handled subject to PRTR*3)
24 thousand t
1. 2. 3.
4. 5. 6.
Gigajoule (unit showing heat quantity) G=109
Of the heavy oils classified into three types (A, B, and C), the consistency is closest to light oil and is used as fuel for boilers and heating. Abbreviation for Pollutant Release and Transfer Register, which is a system for reporting and announcing the amount of chemical substances released into the environment to the authorities.
Chemical oxygen demand (index showing the degree of water pollution).
Recycling involving the payment of disposal fees.
Extracted (amount of waste and reverse payment recycling) from the amount of waste regulated as specially controlled industrial waste in Japan and dangerous waste in accordance with the laws in countries other than Japan from the amount of waste discharged.
        Amount of water recycled
23 thousand t 143 thousand t 16 thousand t 14 t
   79 t 129 thousand t
Logistics
CO2 related to product transportation 15 thousand t-CO2
     59
JTEKT and 19 domestic Group companies, 38 overseas Group companies JTEKT and 19 domestic Group companies
JTEKT nonconsolidated
60
Base year
CO2 emissions tons of CO2 per month

  Financial Data
Eleven-Year Consolidated Financial Summary
FINANCIAL PART
              Fiscal years ended March 31
Unit
Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen %
%
%
%
%
%
Times
Months
Billions of yen
Thousands of shares
Yen % Persons Yen Yen
FY2009
FY2010
FY2011
FY2012 FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
IFRS
   FY2018 FY2019
            Net sales / Revenue
769.6
955.4
1,052.6
1,067.5 1,260.1
1,355.9
1,399.9
1,318.3
1,441.1
1,520.8
1,520.8 1,418.8
           Business profit
—
—
—
——
—
—
—
—
—
71.7 37.5
           Operating income
0.4
39.9
35.6
29.1 58.2
74.1
81.9
77.4
81.3
66.6
63.7 16.1
           Ordinary income (loss)
(0.2)
40.2
38.6
34.2 61.8
79.3
81.2
78.0
82.5
69.6
——
           Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent / Profit (loss) for the year attributable to owners of the parent company
Net assets / Equity
(19.4)
315.1
20.0
336.0
13.3
342.3
13.8 23.3
384.2 418.8
42.5
   499.7
48.6
480.0
47.5
512.9
49.6
572.5
24.6
27.2 (3.7)
        571.0
585.4 531.5
           Total assets
847.0
842.2
959.6
1,026.9 1,066.4
1,126.2
1,075.8
1,117.8
1,277.0
1,267.8
1,298.0 1,244.2
           Net interest-bearing debt
135.5
88.4
106.4
168.5 180.8
158.6
125.1
114.4
139.5
138.0
141.0 193.2
           Capital expenditures
25.2
30.8
65.8
109.6 76.4
68.4
63.1
66.4
66.6
75.2
75.2 75.0
           Depreciation and amortization
50.0
48.6
46.7
44.2 53.0
57.0
58.4
56.0
60.4
66.9
64.3 64.6
           Research and development expenses
Cash flows Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents
27.4
63.2
31.9
60.3
34.7
48.8
36.3 40.1
41.3
46.2
48.2
55.2
63.6 64.7
           49.9 89.2
103.3
110.1
99.2
100.0
63.6
103.0
104.1 62.3
           (57.7)
(31.1)
(56.2)
(101.0) (87.1)
(62.0)
(59.9)
(68.0)
(99.0)
(75.3)
(75.2) (91.7)
           15.3
(14.8)
39.5
(5.8) (35.4)
(36.4)
(49.3)
(22.1)
60.2
(26.5)
(27.3) 34.2
           Financial index
Business profit margin Operating income margin Ordinary income margin ROA
ROE
Equity ratio
D/E ratio
Inventory turnover months
99.3
—
113.5
—
146.6
—
93.8 61.9
——
65.4
  —
61.6
—
70.2
—
132.6
—
132.4
132.4 134.8
         —
4.7 2.6
           0.1
4.2
3.4
2.7 4.6
5.5
5.9
5.9
5.6
4.4
4.2 1.1
           0
4.2
3.7
3.2 4.9
5.9
5.8
5.9
5.7
4.6
——
           (2.3)
2.4
1.5
1.4 2.2
3.9
4.4
4.3
4.2
1.9
2.1 (0.3)
           (6.4)
6.5
4.1
4.0 6.2
9.8
10.5
10.1
9.7
4.6
5.0 (0.7)
           35.0
 0.46
37.8
0.28
33.8
0.33
35.4 37.1
0.46 0.46
42.0
 0.34
42.3
0.27
43.6
0.23
41.7
0.26
42.3
42.4 40.1
         0.26
0.26 0.39
           2.0
1.6
1.6
1.8 1.6
1.5
1.4
1.4
1.4
1.4
1.4 1.6
           Share information Market capitalization Number of shares issued
Dividends per share Payout ratio
Number of employees
354.8
370.2
339.1
305.2 524.9
644.0
501.1
593.5
541.0
467.5
467.5 252.3
           321,406
11
342,186
16
342,186
16
342,186 342,186
16 18
343,286
  34
343,286
42
343,286
42
343,286
43
343,286
343,286 343,286
         44
44 38
           —
26.9
41.1
39.5 26.3
27.4
29.6
30.3
29.7
61.2
55.4 —
           35,465
36,775
39,834
41,714 43,456
43,912
43,938
44,528
49,589
49,693
49,693 49,933
           Exchange rate USD EUR
93.57
87.80
79.73
83.10 100.23
109.93
120.14
108.38
110.85
110.91
110.91 108.74
           130.20
116.38
109.69
107.14 134.37
138.77
132.58
118.79
129.70
128.41
128.41 120.82
                                                   61
62

  Financial Data
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Millions of yen
FY2019
Millions of yen
FY2019
Millions of yen
FINANCIAL PART
    IFRS
   FY2019
  15,073
 64,629
 15,725
 (35)
 (1,457)
 (908)
 6,866
 (7,134)
 (10,652)
 43,624
 (53,476)
 9,281
 81,536
 1,469
 1,954
 (3,442)
 (19,205)
 62,312
  (79,867)
 1,574
 (892)
 1,274
 (9,373)
 (4,486)
 (91,771)
  16,618
 39,110
 (11,754)
 20,000
 (10,000)
 (15,092)
 (2,865)
 (1,157)
 (619)
 34,239
 (2,655)
 2,125
 132,471
 255
 134,852
   IFRS
IFRS
  Assets FY2018 Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 132,471 Trade and other receivables 316,439 Inventories 185,520 Other financial assets 5,079 Income tax receivable 3,675 Other current assets 3,477 Total current assets 646,663
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 464,630
Goodwill and intangible assets 35,684
Other financial assets 119,927
Investments accounted for using 11,865 the equity method
Deferred tax assets 12,380 Other non-current assets 6,914 Total non-current assets 651,403
Total assets 1,298,067
Liabilities and equity Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables Bonds and borrowings Other financial liabilities Income tax payable Provisions
Other current liabilities Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds and borrowings Other financial liabilities Retirement benefit liabilities Provisions
Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities Equity
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Treasury stock
Other components of equity Retained earnings
Equity attributable to owners of the parent company
Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
FY2018
1,520,886 (1,272,630) 248,255 (176,491)
71,764 8,449 (16,476) 63,737 5,242 (4,811) 1,093 65,261
(33,266) 31,995
27,248 4,746
79.45
FY2018
328,595 61,180 1,400 8,847 7,572 2,454 410,050
212,307 4,253 71,737 199 6,993 7,030 302,522 712,573
45,591 107,034 (423)
(2,925) 401,489
550,766
34,727 585,494 1,298,067
FY2018
65,261 64,318 6,061 117
129,421 1,598 1,949
(3,616) (25,206) 104,147
(71,172) 2,186 (762) 1,495 —
(6,953) (75,207)
14,114
19,965 (35,264) —
— (15,092) (4,065) (5,592) (1,426) (27,361) (1,815) (236)
132,647 60 132,471
    134,852
 270,321
 190,821
 3,857
 3,573
 4,273
 607,700
  461,513
 33,264
 101,330
 12,229
 14,663
 13,511
 636,513
 1,244,213
      272,551
 76,080
 2,834
 4,389
 6,457
 2,670
 364,983
  252,045
 5,819
 77,896
 280
 4,863
 6,773
 347,678
 712,662
  45,591
 107,273
 (426)
 (23,322)
 370,228
 499,343
 32,207
 531,551
 1,244,213
      Cash flows from operating activities Profit before income taxes Depreciation and amortization Impairment losses
Finance income (costs)
Share of the profit of associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method
Net (decrease) increase in provisions
Increase in retirement benefit liabilities
Decrease in retirement benefit assets
Increase in inventories
Net (decrease) increase in trade and other receivables
Net (decrease) increase in trade and other payables
Other (1,910)
                              (1,093) (1,847) 1,004 (248) (8,757) (962) 7,479
                                                                                                                      Consolidated Statements of Income
Subtotal
Interest received
Dividends received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Payment of purchases of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Payment of purchases of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Payment of acquisition of subsidiaries’ stock resulting in change in scope of consolidation Other
Net cash used in investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings
Proceeds from long-term borrowings
Repayment of long-term borrowings
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Redemption of bonds
Dividends paid
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Payment of acquisition of subsidiaries’ stock not resulting in change in scope of consolidation Other
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
Foreign currency translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from newly consolidated subsidiaries Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
    Millions of yen
             Revenue
Cost of revenue
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Business profit
Other income
Other costs
Operating profit
Finance income
Finance costs
Share of the profit of associates accounted for using the equity method Profit before income taxes
Income tax expenses
Profit (loss) for the year
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to: Owners of the parent company Non-controlling interests
Earnings per share (Owners of the parent company) Basic (Yen)
                                                        63
64
IFRS
 FY2019
 1,418,896
 (1,210,688)
 208,207
 (170,650)
 37,557
 6,865
 (28,263)
 16,158
 3,444
 (5,987)
 1,457
 15,073
 (16,127)
 (1,054)
   (3,794)
 2,740
   (11.06)
 
 Management
Members of the Board
President Kazuhiro Sato
Chief of Innovation Promotion Dept.
Executive Vice President
Hiroyuki Kaijima
Chief of Asia (Japan, ASEAN, China, India) Business Manager /
Chief of Sales & Marketing Division
Executive Vice President Tomokazu Takahashi
Chief of Europe & America (North America, Mid & South America, Europe) Business Manager
Members of the Board
Outside Director Takao Miyatani
Outside Director Iwao Okamoto
Outside Director Takeshi Uchiyamada
            Members of the Audit & Supervisory Board
      Senior Executive Director Katsumi Yamamoto
Chief of Bearing Business Unit
Senior Executive Director Kazuhisa Makino
General Chief of Audit Dept. / Chief of Corporate Division
Senior Executive Director Makoto Sano Chief of Production Support Unit
Senior Executive Director
Shinji Kato
Chief of Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business Unit
Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Atsushi Kume
Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Hiroshi Takenaka
            Executive Director Takumi Matsumoto
Quality Supervision /
Research Supervision /
Chief of Business Reform Electrical Power Storage Device Dept. / Chief of Driveline Systems Business Unit
Executive Director Hirofumi Matsuoka Chief of Steering Systems Business Unit
Executive Director Haruhiko Segawa
Assistant to President
Outside Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Takashi Yoshida
Outside Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Hiroyuki Wakabayashi
Outside Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Yumiko Sakurai
      65
66
CORPORATE INFORMATION

  Group Companies
Japan
Koyo Machine Industries Co., Ltd.
Toyooki Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Koyo Sealing Techno Co., Ltd.
CNK Co., Ltd.
Koyo Thermo Systems Co., Ltd.
Koyo Electronics Industries Co., Ltd.
Daibea Co., Ltd.
Utsunomiya Kiki Co., Ltd.
HOUKO Co., Ltd.
Toyoda Van Moppes Ltd.
Koyometaltec Co., Ltd.
Fuji Kiko Co., Ltd.
YUTAKA SEIMITSU KOGYO, LTD.
KJK Co., Ltd.
NIPPON NEEDLE ROLLER MFG. Co., Ltd.
Koyo Heat Treatment Co., Ltd.
Tokio Seiko Corporation
Yamato Seiko Co., Ltd.
Taiho Co., Ltd.
KOYO Steering Service Co., Ltd.
FORMICS Co., Ltd.
Tk Engineering CO., LTD.
Toya Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Koyo Nichijiku Co., Ltd.
KOYO-KOWA CO., LTD.
Meiwa Shouko Co., Ltd.
KOYO KYUEI Co., Ltd.
SHIZUOKA KOYO CO., LTD.
YUTAKA HIGH-TECH, LTD.
JTEKT Service CO., LTD.
Fuji Kiko Auto Tech Tokai CO., LTD.
JTEKT IT Center Akita Corporation
Koyo Magnetic Bearing Co., Ltd.
Manufacture and sale of machine tools, mechanical parts, and automotive components
Manufacture of hydraulic and pneumatic devices, manufacture and sale of machine tools and automotive components
Manufacture and sale of oil seals
Manufacture and sale of heat- treatment equipment, machine tools, and automotive components
Manufacture and sale of industrial heat-treatment furnaces, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and PDP heat-treatment equipment
Manufacture and sale of electronic control devices and equipment
Manufacture and sale of bearings
Manufacture of bearings
Manufacture and repair of machine tools, manufacture of automotive components
Manufacture and sale of diamond tools
Forging of bearings, manufacture and sale of lathe turned components of bearings and steering systems
Manufacture and sale of steering column, shifter and driveline components
Manufacture and sale of automotive components and gears for general machineries
Lathe turning of bearings
Manufacture and sale of needle rollers and cylindrical rollers
Manufacture and sale of metal heat treated components
Processing of bearings and related products
Roller turning, grinding, etc.
Lathe turning of bearings
Manufacture and sale of rebuilt steering, etc.
Manufacture and sale of sheet metal products
Planning, design, manufacture and sale of production equipment systems
Part machining and assembly of small machine tool-related devices
Manufacture of various bearings
Sale of various bearings, machine tools, heat treatment furnaces, precision devices, electronic devices, cutting tools, environmental devices, etc.
Sale of various bearings, chains, motors, resin products, control devices, etc.
Sale of various bearings, oil seals, automotive components, etc.
Sale of various bearings, machinery and power tools
Design, drawing creation and software development
Insurance agent and provider of various shared services for the JTEKT Group (security, facility management, personnel administration, etc.)
Manufacture and sale of automotive components
Manufacture and sale of software and hardware for electric control equipment
Planning design, manufacture and sale of magnetic bearings
Europe and North Africa
France
JTEKT EUROPE S.A.S.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE DIJON SAINT-ETIENNE S.A.S.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE LYON S.A.S.
JTEKT HPI S.A.S.
KOYO FRANCE S.A.
KOYO BEARINGS VIERZON MAROMME SAS
TOYODA MACHINERY AND ENGINEERING EUROPE SAS
JTEKT EUROPE S.A.S. TECHNICAL CENTER
Netherlands
JTEKT EUROPE BEARINGS B.V.
JTEKT EUROPE BEARINGS B.V. TECHNICAL CENTER
United Kingdom
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE UK LTD.
KOYO (U.K.) LIMITED
KOYO BEARINGS (EUROPE) LTD.
Germany
KOYO DEUTSCHLAND GMBH
KOYO BEARINGS DEUTSCHLAND GMBH
KOYO BEARINGS DEUTSCHLAND GMBH KUENSEBECK TECHNOLOGY CENTER
Czech Republic
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE CZECH PLZEN, S.R.O.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE CZECH PARDUBICE, S.R.O.
KOYO BEARINGS CESKA REPUBLIKA S.R.O.
KOYO BEARINGS CESKA REPUBLIKA S.R.O.
BRNO TECHNOLOGY CENTER
Italy
KOYO ITALIA S.R.L.
Belgium
JTEKT TORSEN EUROPE S.A.
Romania
KOYO ROMANIA S.A.
Sweden
KOYO KULLAGER SCANDINAVIA A.B.
Spain
KOYO IBERICA, S.L.
Morocco
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE MOROCCO S.A.S.
European regional headquarters
China
JTEKT (CHINA) CO., LTD.
JTEKT STEERING SYSTEMS (XIAMEN) CO., LTD.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE (TIANJIN) CO., LTD.
JTEKT DALIAN INNOVATION AUTOMOTIVE CO., LTD.
WUXI KOYO BEARING CO., LTD.
DALIAN KOYO WAZHOU AUTOMOBILE BEARING CO., LTD.
KOYO BEARING DALIAN CO., LTD.
KOYO LIOHO (FOSHAN) AUTOMOTIVE PARTS CO., LTD.
KOYO AUTOMOTIVE PARTS (WUXI) CO., LTD.
KOYO NEEDLE BEARINGS (WUXI) CO., LTD.
TOYODA MACHINERY (DALIAN) CO., LTD.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY CENTER (DALIAN) CO., LTD.
JTEKT RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CENTER (WUXI) CO., LTD.
TAIWAN JTEKT CO., LTD.
Chinese headquarters, sale of automotive components and bearings
North America
USA
JTEKT NORTH AMERICA CORPORATION
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE NORTH AMERICA, INC.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE TENNESSEE-VONORE, LLC
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE TENNESSEE-MORRISTOWN, INC.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE TEXAS, L.P.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE SOUTH CAROLINA, INC.
JTEKT TORSEN NORTH AMERICA, INC.
KOYO BEARINGS NORTH AMERICA LLC
KENTUCKY ADVANCED FORGE, LLC
JTEKT TOYODA AMERICAS CORPORATION
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE NORTH AMERICA INC. TECHNICAL CENTER
KOYO BEARINGS
NORTH AMERICA LLC PLYMOUTH TECHNICAL CENTER
KOYO BEARINGS
NORTH AMERICA LLC
GREENVILLE TECHNOLOGY CENTER
Canada
KOYO CANADA INC.
KOYO BEARINGS CANADA INC.
Mexico
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V.
KOYO MEXICANA, S.A. DE C.V.
South America
Brazil
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVA BRASIL LTDA.
KOYO ROLAMENTOS DO BRASIL LTDA.
TOYODA KOKI DO BRASIL INDUSTRIA E COMERCIO DE MAQUINAS, LTDA.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVA BRASIL LTDA. TECHNICAL CENTER
Argentina
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE ARGENTINA S.A.
Panama
KOYO LATIN AMERICA, S.A.
North American regional headquarters
Headquarters for North American automotive components business
       Manufacture components
Manufacture components
Manufacture components
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
Manufacture components
Manufacture components
Manufacture components
Manufacture
Manufacture
Manufacture
Manufacture
Manufacture
Manufacture
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
and sale of bearings
and sale of bearings
and sale of bearings
and sale of bearings
and sale of bearings
and sale of bearings
Manufacture components
Manufacture components
Manufacture components
Manufacture components
Manufacture components
Manufacture
Manufacture
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
and sale of bearings
of bearings
            Sale of bearings
Manufacture and sale of bearings
Sale and service of machine tools
Technical center Sale of bearings
Technical center
Manufacture and sale of automotive components
Sale of bearings
Manufacture and sale of bearings
Sale of bearings
Manufacture and sale of bearings
Technical center
Manufacture, sale and service of machine tools
Technical center
Technical center
Sale of automotive components
Sale and service of machine tools
Technical center
Technical center
Technical center
Sale of bearings
Manufacture and sale of bearings
Manufacture and sale of automotive components
Sale of bearings
South American regional headquarters, manufacture and sale of automotive components
Sale of bearings
Sale and service of machine tools
Technical center
Manufacture and sale of automotive components
Sale of bearings
                                                Asia, Oceania, Middle East
       Manufacture components
Manufacture components
Manufacture
and sale of automotive
and sale of automotive
and sale of bearings
Thailand
JTEKT (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
TOYODA MACHINERY S.E. ASIA CO., LTD.
Indonesia
PT. JTEKT INDONESIA
PT. JTEKT INDONESIA SALES
Singapore
KOYO SINGAPORE BEARINGS (PTE) LTD.
Malaysia
JTEKT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
Philippines
JTEKT PHILIPPINES CORPORATION
South Korea
JTEKT KOREA CO., LTD.
KOYO JICO KOREA CO., LTD.
India
JTEKT India LTD.
KOYO BEARINGS INDIA PRIVATE LTD.
TOYODA MICROMATIC MACHINERY INDIA PVT.LTD.
Australia
KOYO AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD.
United Arab Emirates (UAE)
KOYO MIDDLE EAST FZCO
ASEAN regional headquarters, manufacture and sale of automotive components and bearings, technical center
Manufacture and sale of automotive components
Sale and service of machine tools
Manufacture and sale of automotive components and bearings
Sale and service of machine tools
Sale of bearings
Sale of automotive components and bearings
Manufacture and sale of automotive components
Manufacture and sale of automotive components and bearings
Sale of automotive components and bearings
Manufacture and sale of bearings
Indian regional headquarters, manufacture and sale of automotive components
Manufacture and sale of bearings
Sale and service of machine tools
Sale of bearings
              Technical center
Sale of bearings
Manufacture and sale of automotive components
Manufacture and sale of bearings
Sale of bearings
Sale of bearings
Manufacture and sale of automotive components
                                                      Sale of bearings
  67
68
CORPORATE INFORMATION

   JTEKT by Region
JTEKT by Region
Europe
No. of companies 28
No. of employees 7,592 Net sales ¥197.4billion
As of March 31, 2020
Corporate Profile
Company name
Headquarters
Head offices
Phone number
President
Capital
Number of employees
Net sales Ordinary income
No. of consolidated subsidiaries
Stock Information
Corporate Profile / Stock Information
CORPORATE INFORMATION
       China
No. of companies 26
No. of employees 5,843 Net sales ¥130.4billion
Japan
No. of companies 38
No. of employees 20,205 Net sales ¥605.0billion
JTEKT Corporation
5-8, Minamisemba 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 542-8502, Japan
[Head Office]
1-1, Asahi-machi, Kariya, Aichi 448-8652, Japan
[Osaka Head Office]
5-8, Minamisemba 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 542-8502, Japan
No. of shares
No. of shareholders
No. of shares authorized No. of shares issued
1,200,000 thousand shares 343,286 thousand shares
25,949
         Distribution by Ownership (Percentage of shares issued)
   [Head Office] [Osaka Head Office]
Kazuhiro Sato
+81-566-25-7217 +81-6-6271-8451
Treasury stock
278 thousand shares (0.1%)
Individuals and others
      Financial institutions
    ¥45,591 million (As of March 31, 2020)
49,933 [Consolidated] (As of March 31, 2020) 12,092 [Nonconsolidated] (As of March 31, 2020) ¥1,418,570 million [Consolidated] (FY2019) ¥652,075 million [Nonconsolidated] (FY2019) ¥34,756 million [Consolidated] (FY2019)
¥26.114 million [Nonconsolidated] (FY2019)
152 (Domestic: 37, Overseas: 115)
118,612 thousand shares (9.2%) (34.6%)
                    North America
No. of companies 20
No. of employees 6,910 Net sales ¥293.0billion
South America and other regions
No. of companies 9
No. of employees 921 Net sales ¥24.2billion
31,632 thousand shares Foreign entities
62,487
thousand shares (18.2%)
Other Japanese companies
122,563 thousand shares (35.7%)
Securities companies
7,711 thousand shares (2.2%)
         Australia-Asia region and India
No. of companies 32
No. of employees 8,462 Net sales ¥168.4billion
Net Sales by Region
Japan
(Billions of yen)
   Major Shareholders (Top ten)
   Name
No. of shares (Thousand shares)
Ratio of shareholding (%)
 Toyota Motor Corporation
 77,235
 22.5
 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
 33,506
 9.8
 DENSO CORPORATION
  18,371
  5.4
 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
15,290
4.5
 Nippon Life Insurance Company
 11,125
 3.2
 Toyota Industries Corporation
 7,813
 2.3
 Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
 7,635
 2.2
 Resona Bank, Limited
  6,749
  2.0
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
6,366
1.9
 Toyota Tsusho Corporation
  5,969
  1.7
 * The ratio of shareholding is calculated by deducting the number of treasury stock (278 thousand shares) from the number of shares issued (343,286 thousand shares).
 Editorial Note on Publication of JTEKT Report 2020
The JTEKT Report introduces business, ESG and other activities to aid stakeholder understanding of Group efforts to resolve social issues and realize a sustainable society.
In JTEKT Report 2020, we have enhanced the content of the report with the addition of explanations of the capital strategies associated with various business strategies based on the opinions of readers of last year’s report and the advice of outside experts. We will continue to place great importance on dialogues with stakeholders and work to further improve the content of the JTEKT
Report. We would appreciate your frank opinions and comments upon reading this publication.
JTEKT Report Production Office, Corporate Planning Department, Corporate Planning Office
             Europe
(Billions of yen)
700
600
500
400
300
200
100 50   50
350
300   300 250   250 200   200 150   150 100   100
North America
(Billions of yen)
Asia, Oceania, South America and Others
(Billions of yen)
400 350 300 250 200 150 100
50
350
                                       69
70
0000 (FY) '15 '16 '17 '18 '19 (FY) '15 '16 '17 '18 '19 (FY) '15 '16 '17 '18 '19 (FY)
'15 '16 '17 '18 '19
211.0 193.3
197.4
220.7 231.2
559.8 549.3
300.9 285.9
582.4 619.6
605.0
328.1 289.6
298.2 314.7
293.0
339.7 355.2
323.0

    Inquiries
Corporate Planning Department, Corporate Management HQ, JTEKT Corporation 1-1, Asahi-machi, Kariya, Aichi 448-8652, Japan
TEL: +81-566-25-7217 FAX: +81-566-25-7338
* JTEKT REPORT is available for viewing on JTEKT’s official website.
www.jtekt.co.jp
