Review of Operations
 Steering BusinessAxial force (kN)
Segment
4
5
A
6
7
B
8
9
C
10
11
D
12
13
E
14
SU
15
F V/PICK-U
P
16
Vehicle posture control / Optimal cornering
ration
~2030
Ideal
Reaction force unit
Driving force Braking force distribution distribution
Toyota Group coope
~2018
Technology internalization
Strengthen JTEKT Group foundation
Chassis area
    ~2024
     17
  System
C-EPS
P/DP-EPS
 H-EPS/HPS
C-EPS
DP-EPS
 RP-EPS
RP-EPS
 H-EPS*6/HPS*7
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
  Business Overview
Contributes to safety, the environment and improved convenience through the provision of steering systems, which assume the basic vehicle function of “turning.” With a main product lineup including column assist-type EPS*1 and rack assist-type EPS*2 able to provide EPS for a variety of automobiles, from passenger cars to large commercial vehicles, this is one of JTEKT’s flagship businesses with No. 1 global share.
*1 EPS where the motor responsible for the assist is attached to the column
*2 EPS where the motor responsible for the assist is attached around the steering rack
Business Environment
Rapid progress of technological innovations represented by CASE*3, including autonomous driving and vehicle electrification
Global-scale projects and increasingly sophisticated customer demands
Sluggish growth in automobile market due to sudden economic slowdown
Intensifying price competition
*3 Acronym that stands for Connected, Autonomous, Shared, and Electric. This implies the importance of mobility services across industries as well as physical changes to automobiles in terms of components.
Steering Business Strengths
Net sales and operating income ratio
Fiscal 2019 Review and Business Strategy for Fiscal 2020
(Billions of yen) 800
600 400 200
In fiscal 2019, sales and profit declined compared to the previous fiscal year because of sluggish growth in the automobile market caused by the sudden economic slowdown and intensifying market competition. At the same time, R&D expenses increased due to expanded investment in the switch to rack assist-type EPS, development efforts in new areas and CASE compliance.
In fiscal 2020, we will focus on profit and work to build a robust structure that can withstand changes in the market and operating environment. Additionally, as the No. 1 steering system supplier, we will further enhance our competitiveness and make the leap from steering system supplier to a supplier able to contribute to chassis functionality, striving to evolve from a business that provides products to a provider of value.
Driveline area Driveline
Steering
Brake
Suspension
Net sales
Operating income ratio
(%) 10
5
JTEKT applies technologies cultivated in electric power steering (EPS) to contribute to the realization of a safer and more comfortable car society and autonomous driving.
Solutions for social issues
(from the perspective of the SDGs)
        00
Vehicle dynamics
Component system technology
Unit element technology
  ’17 ’18
Customer Demands
’19
(FY )
High quality, high performance, low cost (service maximization)
System proposals from vehicle perspective Provision of advanced systems (technologies and products realizing autonomous driving)
Runs smoothly by reading off the magnetic marker information on the dedicated road and specifying the position of the vehicle (co-development with Advanced Smart Mobility Co., Ltd.)
Lane Keep Control
—Autonomous Bus Demonstration Test—
Magnetic marker
Realizing safety, security, comfort and convenience at a high level by fusing human and vehicles
Steering unit
Steer-by-wire*8
 Issues and Responses
*8 A mechanism that transmits the rotation of the steering wheel to the tire electronically rather than mechanically
  One out of every four cars in the world is equipped with JTEKT steering Developing global business for Japanese customers as well as European customers
Column assist-type EPS (C-EPS), dual pinion-type EPS (DP-EPS)*4, and rack parallel-type EPS (RP-EPS)*5 in the main product lineup, which can provide EPS to all passenger cars
Sales Development Production Make efficient, Mutual complement
2 m 2m
1. Improving profitability by strengthening project planning and management.
We promoted the development of each project by dividing roles for each function, from planning to mass production, which limited the collaboration across functional boundaries. In response to this issue, we will build a system that allows us to manage projects, from initial planning to order receipt and mass production in a single process, to improve both the quality of service we provide our customers and profitability.
2. Building an optimal business structure to improve competitiveness
Amid drastic changes that happen once in a century, JTEKT’s ability to deepen the global collaboration required to maintain our competitive advantage as the No. 1 supplier in steering has been an issue. In response, we will respond swiftly to market demands, rethink our new business structure, leverage the strengths of each Group company and build optimal production systems in competitive areas and manufacturing sites to improve our competitiveness.
                  No. 1 share
Utilizing these three strengths, JTEKT will contribute to the realization of a car-oriented society where everyone
Group companies
Sales
Development
Production
            *4 EPS with two pinion shafts and assist motor mounted around the rack bar
*5 EPS with assist motor attached parallel to the rack bar
*6 Electro-hydraulic power steering: Steering mechanism using a motor to drive a pump that assists hydraulically *7 Hydraulic power steering: Steering mechanism that uses the engine to operate a pump that assists hydraulically
Wide customer
can move safely, securely,
Abundant lineup
Making the Leap from Steering System Supplier to a Supplier Able to Contribute to Chassis Functionality
Steering share Fiscal 2019
base and comfortably
To succeed in the automobile industry, which is said to be undergoing a once-in-a-century period of changes, JTEKT believes that it will not survive by simply providing steering systems as in the past. Leveraging the strengths and experience that earned us a No. 1 global market share, we will expand our approach to focus on the chassis domain, transforming from a business that provides products to one that provides value, evolving into a business that customers need more than ever before.
   (%) 0
JTEKT
Company A Company B Company C
10 20
30
   27%
 Hirofumi Matsuoka
Chief of Steering Systems Business Unit
  Column assist-type EPS
Dual pinion-type EPS
Rack parallel-type EPS
 33 * C-EPS, P-EPS, RP-EPS, and H-EPS are registered trademarks of JTEKT Corporation.
34
Review of OperationsSHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
 Driveline Business
      Creating New Added Value
Autonomous driving
Natural behavior Low noise
Provide Solutions
Realize driving demanded for mobility
Enhance driveline systems
Low vibration Electrification Lightweight
   Stopping
Turning
Provide high-performance driveline units
High-efficiency Compact
    Driving
Sensing (road surface information)
   Advance cultivated skills and techniques to refine productsITCC integrated differential Driveline system
   Development of New TORSEN “Type D”
Development Concept
Providing compact, low-priced LSD*8 for EVs and FF passenger cars, contributing to improved safety, security, and driving performance
*8 Limited Slip Differential: A driveline device that optimally distributes the torque of the left and right or front and rear axles when the vehicle turns
TORSEN Type-D
ITCC and Differential*9 Modularization Development
Development Concept
Compact, lightweight and low-cost modularized 4WD unit meeting customer expectations.
*9 Mechanism that absorbs the rotational difference between the left and right wheels to make smooth turns
    Business Overview
Providing driveline products*1 for vehicles, torque control devices (TCDs)*2, hydraulic systems*3 and valve units for fuel cell vehicles (FCVs), etc., related to the basic vehicle function of “driving.”
*1 Drive shafts, propeller shafts and other products that deliver driving force
*2 TORSEN, ITCC and other mechanisms that distribute front, rear, left and right driving force *3 Electric oil pumps, mechanical oil pumps, FC valves and other products
Business Environment
Changes in product composition due to acceleration of vehicle electrification and autonomous driving Slowdown of growth in emerging markets and intensifying market competition
Competitor mergers, accelerating alliance revisions
Driveline Business Strengths
Net sales and operating income ratio
Fiscal 2019 Review and Business Strategy for Fiscal 2020
*5 Intelligent Torque Controlled Coupling: A mechanism that detects the difference between front and rear wheel rotation and achieves optimal front and rear wheel torque distribution by electronic control
*6 A type of limited slip differential (LSD) driveline device that optimally distributes the torque of the left and right or
STEP 3
Vehicle behavior control
4WD
Driveline
front and rear axles when the vehicle turns.
STEP 1
Individual unit response
STEP 2
Modularization (compact, light and low-cost) Driveline system-optimized proposals
Net sales
Operating income ratio
(%) 10
5
Through the energy-saving, improved travelling safety, and other benefits provided by our driveline parts, we will contribute to the creation of a safer and more secure society. We will also contribute to the enjoyment of driving through vehicle torque control.
Solutions for social issues
(from the perspective of the SDGs)
 (Billions of yen) 200
150 100 50
In fiscal 2019, sales increased but profits declined compared to the previous fiscal year due to a slowdown in emerging markets, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, intensifying market competition and higher expenses associated with the development of next-generation products.
In fiscal 2020, we will establish solid traction, placing a higher priority than ever on profits. At the same time, we will bolster our business foundation to make the leap forward as a system supplier.
      Wide lineup: Product lineup includes driveline, hydraulic systems and TCD
4WD control technology: 4WD control making full use of “No. 1” product ITCC*5 and “Only One” product TORSEN*6 Provides comprehensive vehicle driveline system solutions
00
Issues and Responses
Improving Competitiveness with Thorough Cost-Reductions and a Stronger Business Foundation
 ’17 ’18 ’19
Customer Demands
Provision of high-quality, low-cost products Driveline system through product proposals (especially in conventional areas) for customers shifting resources to CASE*4
(FY )
*4 Acronym that stands for Connected, Autonomous, Shared, and Electric. This implies the importance of mobility services across industries as well as physical changes to automobiles in terms of components.
Amid a rapidly changing competitive environment characterized by competition with mega suppliers, market entry by companies in different industries and corporate restructuring driven by competition, JTEKT must thoroughly increase it competitive advantage. To meet this expectation,
realizing increased efficiency and a stronger structure are challenges. In response, we will promote thorough improvements in efficiency utilizing the TPS*10 and aim to become a professional driveline organization.
*10 Toyota Production System
   JTEKT (ITCC) +
Yutaka Seimitsu (differential)
Propeller shaft*7
      4WD system Drive shaft
    *7 Shaft that transmits the driving force of the engine to the rear axle in 4WD vehicles and FR vehicles
Promoting accumulation of technology and knowledge to become a supplier able to propose units or modules based on an understanding the behavior of the entire vehicle
In an aim to improve vehicle performance, JTEKT will provide optimal driveline system proposals to facilitate solutions for safe, secure and comfortable automobiles.
At present, we are experiencing what is said to be a once-in-a-century period of transformation, with the automobile manufacturers comprising our customer base allocating a massive amount of resources to CASE compliance. Given these conditions, JTEKT believes we can contribute to society through automobile advances enabling us to meet expectations as a true partner to our customers through proposals for products involved with automobile driving functions responsible for total systems.
Takumi Matsumoto
Chief of Driveline Systems Business Unit
 35
36