Society
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
   Forging Sustainable Relationships with Stakeholders
The JTEKT Group has grown into what it is today through the support of its various stakeholders.
We believe the opinions and requests of such stakeholders are important references when making decisions relating to our business activities, and we are working to increase opportunities for productive dialogue.
Safety and health-related initiatives
To create a safe and comfortable workplace environment
Following a revised Safety and Health Philosophy, "All accidents are definitely preventable!,” all employees engage in safety and health activities and to enhance a comfortable workplace environment. In addition, a dedicated global message, “All for One in Life,” expresses the safety actions of the philosophy. All JTEKT focuses on ZERO accidents.Safety and Health Philosophy
JTEKT and JTEKT Group aim to create a safe and secure workplace for zero accidents in the belief that “All accidents are definitely preventable!”
All for One in Life
“To promote a ‘Safety-minded people’ and ‘Safe workplace’ that enables all employees to work safe and healthy.”
[JTEKT Safety and Health Action Guidelines]
1. We promote detailed activities with the participations of all employees.
2. We understand and abide legal laws and safety rules regarding safety and health.
3. We promote continuous KAIZENs towards zero accidents.
June 25, 2020 JTEKT CORPORATION
Senior Executive Director
Makoto Sano
      Employees
Human resources development measures
Promoting diversity
We are undertaking the building of workplaces in which employees can work enthusiastically and healthily over the long term, as well as putting in place a human resources development framework that encourages every individual employee to undertake self-directed learning and helps them to achieve personal growth.
We position diversity promotion as one of the important management strategies for realizing the JTEKT GROUP VISION.
 Concrete Measures for Promoting Diversity
Based on an approach that recognizes diversity, in its ultimate sense, as valuing the personality of each individual, we are striving on a daily basis to build a workplace environment in which every employee is able to undertake their work with enthusiasm and motivation.
• Starting from fiscal 2015, we have been making a major effort to promote diversity, with the commencement of measures focused on fostering the advancement of female employees and non-Japanese employees.
• Since fiscal 2017, we have been expanding and promoting our measures for realizing active participation by senior citizens and people with disabilities.
• In fiscal 2018, as part of our efforts to help employees balance their work responsibilities with their childcare or family care responsibilities, we have launched various measures, including expanding the scope of day-care center provision on weekends and public holidays, organizing seminars for employees wishing to return to work after taking time off for family care or childcare responsibilities, etc.
• In fiscal 2019, we promoted activities aimed at understanding and support for LGBT.
• In May 2019, we were awarded Kurumin Mark certification in accordance with the provisions of the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.
Balance Support System (examples)
• Reduced working hours for childcare: Enables employees to shorten fixed working hours until the end of March when the child completes the second year of elementary school
• Day-care support: Established “Tacchicchi House,” an on-site daycare (open on public holidays), through collaboration with four Toyota Group sponsor companies
• Babysitter subsidy system: 50% of babysitter costs are subsidized by the Company (up to ¥240,000 yen per employee, per year)
  Health-related initiatives
Promoting healthy minds and bodies for every employee
From March 11, 2019, through the end of August, we conducted a Companywide safety campaign with the aim of becoming “Global No. 1 even in safety.” Specific activities included: (1) Serialized a special issue on safety in the Company newsletter for six months starting in
the March
(2) Posted safety posters at each office
(3) Distributed safety carrying cards
We aim to raise the safety awareness of all employees, realize a safe workplace, and realize safe people.
JTEKT values the health of each and every one of its employees and as such, conducts health management activities so that employees may enjoy their daily work and go about it with vitality.
  Building a sound framework for human resources development
Supporting employees with disabilities
JTEKT’s human resources development framework comprises the following key pillars: on-the-job training (OJT), off-the-job training (OFF-JT), and career development.
Achieving Mental Health
JTEKT consistently promotes mental health countermeasures focusing on preventing depression and mental illnesses, but the number of employees in their 20s and 30s taking leave for the first time increased in fiscal 2019. In response, we conducted communication skills improvement training for employees in their 30s. We also provide mental health education as part of level-based training for new managers and supervisors. In fiscal 2019, we provided mental health education for managers, communication skills training, and education for factory supervisors. We increased conversations with workplace members and made efforts to create an atmosphere in which it is easy to speak out.
 • OJT
• OFF-JT
Grade-specific, position-specific, and age- specific training
Selection training / thematic training (problem- solving training, etc.)
Training in specialist fields (safety and health, environmental, quality management, technology-related, etc.)
• Succession planning
Helping employees to build up valuable experience through carefully planned training and rotation
• Planning is underway for the utilization of talent management systems and learning management systems to build a framework for employee rotation that makes effective use of data, identify skill gaps at the level of individual employees and implement effective career planning, and realize on-demand training, etc.
• The Global Succession Committee develops and optimally allocates management personnel for the entire Group
  Achieving Physical Health
JTEKT places importance on the prevention, early detection, and early treatment of illnesses such as lifestyle-related diseases, and proactively supports the health management of its employees.
  We support the active participation of employees with disabilities by creating a comfortable work environment and assigning work to employees according to their individual disability characteristics. In addition, as society is faced with the challenge of improving the workplace retention rate for people with disabilities, we are working to improve our retention rate by inculcating a thorough understanding of the workplace and work through practical training for employees with disabilities.
Certified as an Excellent Health Management Company (Large-scale Company Category, White 500) four years running
For four consecutive years (as of 2020), JTEKT has been certified as an Excellent Health Management Company (White 500) in recognition of its proactive initiatives promoting the emotional and physical health of its employees.
 51
52