Society
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
  Business Partners
Promotion of fair and equal business transactions
We follow proper business practices and engage in fair, transparent, and free competition based on a respect for the law.
JTEKT respects its business partners and aims to develop and grow based on mutual trust.
In our Corporate Activities Standards and Purchasing Philosophy, we have clearly stated our policy of practicing open and fair business regardless of nationality, company scale, and experience doing business with JTEKT. Moreover, in order to offer fair and equal opportunities to trade with us, we publicly disclose the preliminary steps to establishing trade with JTEKT on
Local Communities
Sports promotion initiatives
As a good corporate citizen, we aggressively pursue activities that contribute to society.
Through sports, JTEKT will contribute to the development of young people and the promotion of sports, and by expanding the scope of activities of JTEKT STINGS, which has become No. 1 in Japan, we will strive to improve the company’s recognition and favorable impression.
     our website.
Purchasing Philosophy
Purchasing Basic Policy
We provide open, fair, and equal opportunities to all regardless of nationality or company size, including companies with no experience doing business with JTEKT.
Build mutual trust through close communication with business partners.
Achieve harmonious relationships with business partners based on mutual trust.
Achieve stable procurement meeting JTEKT’s quality, cost, volume, and delivery requirements through continuous business.
Achieve optimal purchasing from a global viewpoint and improve international competitiveness through a strong supplier chain.
  Fair and transparent business transactions
 Mutual trust
Coexistence and co-prosperity
Long-term, stable business relationships
Global purchasing
 Purchasing policy meeting
JTEKT Supplier Association Disaster mitigation study session
CSR Activity Items Guidelines for suppliers
Activity items that
the Guidelines request suppliers comply with
JTEKT’s purchasing policy meeting was held in April 2019, with 277 representatives of 258 companies in attendance. As part of our procurement policy for fiscal 2019, we made requests concerning the strengthening of CSR and thorough implementation of safety measures, both of which are the basic premise of business. We also explained key implementation items for the current year. In addition, we presented awards to our business partners for outstanding achievements throughout the year in terms of quality, technology, VE*1 and VA*2 proposals and the environment (newly established from fiscal 2019) .
*1 Value Engineering: Engineering having a simple and robust structure
*2 Value Analysis: Analysis that improves profitability for products currently in mass production.
The JTEKT Supplier Association, comprising 250 business partners (as of fiscal 2019), aims to build relationships of mutual trust among council members and strengthen enterprise fundamentals, engaging in activities including quality management meetings, training sessions, lectures and a disaster mitigation study meeting to prepare for large-scale disasters. Regarding disaster mitigation activities, which have been attracting attention in recent years, study meetings were held during fiscal 2019 at Osaka and Nagoya in July and November focusing on two themes (responses to disasters such as typhoons and flood damage that occur over time, and the six-step process from ascertaining risks to countermeasure implementation) that deepened understanding of the necessity of preparing for and responding to emergencies during normal times.
In order to share JTEKT’s approach to CSR with suppliers, we have issued a set of CSR Activity Items Guidelines for suppliers, which clarify which items we expect suppliers to comply with. Suppliers are asked to also request that their own upstream suppliers follow these Guidelines.
Volleyball classes
JTEKT STINGS won their first league championship in their seventh year of promotion to the top league
V.LEAGUE 2019—20 Season Champions
The number of appearances on the nationwide television has increased due to Yuji Nishida becoming a regular member of the Japan men’s national volleyball team and the Tokyo Olympics.
Promotional videos featuring the catchphrase “Jump to the future!” have become popular in television commercials and on YouTube.
Nishida has won numerous awards, including MVP and Japan’s first top scorer
Through JTEKT STINGS activities, we held volleyball classes at all 14 locations in fiscal 2019 with the aim of promoting volleyball and interacting with local communities. During the July visit to Akita Prefecture, where JTEKT has an IT development center, more than 100 elementary and junior high school students enjoyed interacting and playing volleyball with V-Leaguers.
JTEKT strives to cultivate a sense of unity throughout the entire Group and to contribute to local communities and society by encouraging and supporting the players who are constantly challenging themselves to become “No. 1.”
      1. Managerial measures
• Compliance • Risk management
2. Stakeholder-related measures
• Quality maintenance and enhancement
• Good labor relations
• Adherence to corporate ethics
• Fair transactions
• Human rights protection and respect for
diversity
• Contributing to the local community
3. Global environment measures
• Environmental management • Environmentally friendly business activities
53
54