Initiatives aimed at fostering harmony with nature
Toyota City Asahi district
forest development project
JTEKT Head Office, internal departments
JTEKT has participated in forest service activities conducted by the “Asahi Ki no Eki Project Executive Committee” through the support of the Toyota City Oiden- Sanson Center since 2019.
In the activity in December 2019, we collected and
transported thinned wood in a 0.5 hectare planted forest
to be maintained by the Asahi Ki no Eki Project Executive
Committee and the mountain owner under the guidance
of the committee and the Yahagi-gawa Suikei Forest
Volunteer Council “Yamorikyou.” By adding forest health
checkups and thinning operations starting in 2020, we plan to develop environmental human resources for the preservation of the local environment and ongoing biodiversity conservation.
    Toichi-cho ecosystem survey
Nara Plant
Overseas affiliate company initiatives
NGO activity support
Overseas affiliate company: JABR (Brazil)
Support for local facilities
Overseas affiliate company: JAMX (Mexico)
JTEKT’s Nara Plant conducted an ecosystem survey in
December 2019 in cooperation with Kinki University at
Toichi Pond, which is located in Toichi-cho, Kashihara.
Since fiscal 2017, with support from Kinki University, the
Nara Plant has been conducting conservation activities
for Rhodeus ocellatus kurumeus (Japanese rosy bitterling),
which has been designated as a “Specified National
Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora” at a biotope
on the plant premises in Nara Prefecture. We will continue to collaborate with Kinki University and local residents to develop community-based activities in the future.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVA BRASIL LTDA. supports the activities of local NGO “Brasil Sem Frestas” by collecting and reusing Tetra Pak.
Brasil Sem Frestas is working on wall restorations and improvement activities to improve lifestyle temperature environments in local houses.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE MEXICO contributes to local communities through activities including the provision of food to animal shelters, the provision of sanitary products to evacuation shelters and assistance at nursing homes.
        55Society
 