The Environment
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
   Aiming for a Sustainable Society and a Sustainable World
The JTEKT Group has positioned the environment as one of its main management issues.
In order to realize a sustainable society through “No. 1 & Only One” business activities, in June 2020, we formulated an “environmental philosophy” consisting of the environmental slogan “All for One Earth” and the JTEKT Environmental Action Guidelines. We have been promoting measures that contribute toward the realization of a sustainable society and earth through a promotional framework in which JTEKT Corporation and the JTEKT Group as a whole work together as one.
Environmental Challenge With the goal of realizing a sustainable society in line with the vision of “For the children of the
  Environmental Philosophy
Contribute to the building of an environmentally friendly society using our capabilities in the development of products and technologies
• Actively promote the development of products that are expected to contribute toward reducing the burden on the
environment, including components for fuel cell vehicles (FCVs), etc.
Work to minimize CO2 emissions throughout the product lifecycle, from materials and component procurement through to design, manufacturing, and eventual disposal
Work to minimize CO2 emissions from factories engaged in the manufacturing of products by 2050
• Expand the development and adoption of innovative new processes and production equipment
• Implement day-to-day improvements and enhance the efficiency of production equipment at our factories • Shift over to the use of renewable energy, hydrogen energy, etc.
Work to minimize emissions and expand recycling at the production stage
• Implement source control measures (including yield enhancement, etc.) and use strengthened separation measures, etc., to enhance the value of waste materials (generation of valuable resources)
• Effectively utilize recycled materials and expand internal recycling
Work to minimize water usage through the cyclical utilization of water used in our factories, etc., and ensure that wastewater discharged from our factories is discharged in a cleaner state
Promote activities aimed at fostering harmony with nature and protecting ecosystems, not only on a JTEKT- wide basis but also in collaboration with the Toyota Group and with government agencies and NPOs
Build a corporate culture and cultivate professionals oriented toward actively conserving the earth’s environment
• Strengthen employees’environmental awareness and cultivate people who can make a positive contribution to the
2050: Philosophy and guidelines
future,” JTEKT formulated the Environmental Challenge 2050 guidelines for measures aimed at minimizing JTEKT’s environmental footprint by 2050. The JTEKT Group’s Environmental Challenge 2050 is based around five key pillars—Products / Technologies, Creation of a low- carbon society, Creation of a recycling-based society, Harmony with nature / Biodiversity, and Environmental management—and the JTEKT Group is working together as one to take up the challenge of minimizing its environmental footprint and maximizing environmental value.
Environmental Challenge 2050 Formulated and announced in May 2016
 Environmental Philosophy
JTEKT and the JTEKT Group companies aim to realize a sustainable society through “No. 1 & Only One” business activities.
All for One Earth
— For our irreplaceable Earth —
[JTEKT Environmental Action Guidelines]
Based on the JTEKT Medium to Long-term Plan, we will make continuous improvement to our environmental management system and strive to achieve environmental targets and performance.
1. Comply with environmental laws and regulations, and address pollution prevention
2. Reduce substances with environmental impact, such as CO2 and chemical substances,
toward low-carbon and recycling-oriented societies
3. Work to protect biodiversity and ecosystems in harmony with local communities
June 25, 2020 JTEKT CORPORATION
Senior Executive Director
Makoto Sano
            Promotional structure
Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value
Global environmental management
JTEKT has established the Council for Enhancement of Corporate Value, which is chaired by the president, to promote environmental management. Under the guidance of this council, individual environmental subcommittees roll out activities based on ambitious goals.
We are working to further strengthen our environmental management, not only at JTEKT but also at our 20 Group companies in Japan and 38 Group companies overseas (as of March 31, 2020).
Overall JTEKT nonconsolidated CO2 reductions
Overall global CO2 reduction
350 300
250 200
-25% -35%
Formulating the next medium-term targets
environment, both within and outside the company
• Expand the implementation of global-scale environmental activities
(Thousand tons-CO2) 400
  Organizational chart
 Global Environmental Conservation Committee
Chairman: President
  Internal Environmental Audit Team
 Person Responsible for Environmental Management
 Global JTEKT Group Environmental Coordinating Committee
 Specialized environmental subcommittees
1. Environmental Responsive Products Subcommittee
2. Global Warming & Energy Conservation Subcommittee
3. Production Engineering Innovation for CO2 Reduction Subcommittee
4. Logistics Subcommittee
5. Resource Recycling Subcommittee
6. Environmental Risk and Social Contribution SubcommitteeJapan
JTEKT Group Environmental Coordinating Committee in JapanOverseas
JTEKT Group Environmental Coordinating Committee Overseas
 Environmental Promotion Meetings
 Plant Environmental Conservation Committees at each plant
        (Thousand tons-CO2) 1,000
950 900 850 800 750 700 650 600
’13
’14
’13 ’14
’15
’15
’16
’16
’17
’17
’18 ’19
-18%
’18 ’19
’25 ’30 (FY)
-26%
’25 ’30 (FY)
           57
58
Category
 [Conversion coefficient used to calculate CO2 emissions]
With regard to the management of CO2 emissions per unit of production output in the period up until 2020, we have adopted a conversion coefficient that facilitates assessment of the results achieved in the company’s improvement efforts.
For overall emissions management in the period from 2021 onward, to ensure that CO2 emissions data more closely reflects the actual situation, calculation is performed using the market-based conversion coefficient specified by the individual electric power company for the year in question.
Guideline
  1. Products / Technologies
  2. Creation of a low-carbon society
  3. Creation of
a recycling-based society
 4. Harmony with nature / Biodiversity
  5. Environmental management
  Setting CO2 Emissions Target for 2030
To achieve the “minimal” CO2 emissions as stated in “Environmental Challenge 2050,” we have set medium- and long-term targets for 2030 as milestones. Overall emissions targets are in line with the 2°C (the goal of staying within a 2°C increase from pre-industrial levels) agreed upon in the 2016 Paris Agreement. Overall global CO2 targets call for a reduction of 26% compared to fiscal 2013, while nonconsolidated JTEKT targets call for a reduction in CO2 emissions by at least 35% compared to fiscal 2013. We aim to achieve this through production technology innovations, day-to-day improvements and the introduction of sustainable energy initiatives.
The Environment
Environmental Action Plan 2025
In order to achieve 2030 targets, we formulated the Environmental Action Plan 2025 as a midway point.
Working backwards from Environmental Challenge 2050, we set specific numerical targets for the JTEKT Group to work toward as we approach 2025.
Third-party verification
Energy saving,
high-precision casting
method development
Hybrid liquification and
holding furnace
Production Support Division: Materials Innovation Department
In order to increase the reliability of data disclosure, JTEKT has undergone a third-party verification by SGS Japan Inc., with regard to results for fiscal 2019. The scope of this verification includes JTEKT’s manufacturing sites, domestic Group companies and some overseas affiliates covered by Scope 1, Scope 2 emissions, water usage and waste emissions, Scope 3 Category 6 (business trips), Category 7 (employee commuting) and Category 11 (use of products sold).
For more information: https://www.jtekt.co.jp/sustainability/environment/img/efforts/management/img26.jpg
We have developed a hybrid melting and holding furnace with the aim of improving fuel efficiency, reducing CO2 emissions and downsizing.
TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY
        Category
Implementation
Item
FY2025 targets
      Products and technologies
Global
JTEKT non- consolidated
Global
JTEKT non- consolidated
Global
Global
Contribution to CO2 emissions reduction through products
CO2 emissions
CO2 emissions from logistics
Renewable energy introduction rate
CO2 emissions
Renewable energy introduction rate
Recycling rate
Basic unit of waste
Basic unit of water usage
Basic unit of packaging material
Recycling rate
Basic unit of waste
Basic unit of water usage
Number of biodiversity conservation effort participants
—
FY2013
FY2013
—
FY2013
—
—
FY2018
FY2018
FY2018
—
FY2018
FY2018
—
1,650,000 t
25% reduction
25% reduction
More than 15%
18% reduction
More than 10%
More than 99%
7% reduction
7% reduction
7% reduction
More than 90%
7% reduction
7% reduction
More than 3,000 persons/year
Current liquification and holding furnace
Newly developed hybrid melting and
liquification furnace
• Reduction of furnace heat radiation by miniaturization of furnace and improved heat insulation
• Elimination of exhaust gas by changing holding and heating from gas to electric heater
    Building a low-carbon society
   Material input
Material input
Preheat
Liquify
Liquified gas burner
(Operated only when liquified)
     Building a recycling society
Holding gas burner (always operational) Pump outlet
Immersion burner
    Sent to die casting machine
15.6 development targets
Immersion-type heater
Liquification chamber
     Coexistence with nature and biodiversity
Temperature rise
Holding
Heating chamber
Pump outlet
Furnace size: 6.0 m2×1.8 m (H)
  Participation in TCFD
Concrete measures adopted in fiscal 2019
Resource inputs and outputs
The identification of medium- to long-term climate-related risks and opportunities and the disclosure of information to stakeholders that assesses the resilience of Company initiatives is required for corporations that are able to grow sustainably. Accordingly, in 2018, we endorsed and announced our support for the final report recommendations by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which was established by Japan’s G20 Financial Stability Board (FSB). This year, we will disclose our approach to climate change in accordance with the TCFD framework. Going forward, we will select multiple scenarios for analysis, including the International Energy Agency 2°C scenario, establish our “social image” and evaluate the adaptability (resilience) of our initiatives. In addition, we will consider assessing and disclosing the financial impact of climate- related risks and opportunities.
For more information: https://www.jtekt.co.jp/e/sustainability/environment/topics/
JTEKT quantitatively understands resources and energy use as inputs and emissions to the environment as outputs. To minimize the impact of global warming associated with business activities, we work to reduce energy focused on processes requiring high energy consumption such as casting, forging, heat treatment and machining. We will also promote the effective use of resources to realize further yield improvements.
Resource / energy inputs and environmentally hazardous substance emissions
25 20 15 10
5 0
21.8
For more information: https://www.jtekt.co.jp/e/sustainability/environment/topics/
CO2 emissions reduction
      10.9 -50%
   Conventional furnace
Developed furnace
     INPUT
Resource and energy inputs Raw materials
Total 335 Steel 318
Aluminum ingots
Resin pellets
Fuel oil and processing oil
Grease 2 Paint 0
Manufacturing
Forging Heat treatment
Machining
Painting Assembly
Finished product
Automotive parts Bearings Machine tools Mechatronic products
OUTPUT
Environmentally hazardous substance emissions Emissions into the atmosphere
Energy visualization
initiatives
Overseas affiliate company: JTC ( Thailand)
Introduction of solar power generation equipment
Overseas affiliate company: JALY (France)
Environmental campaign “Tree seedling distribution”
Overseas affiliate company: JABR (Brazil)
JTEKT (THAILAND) CO., LTD. (JTC), has been promoting
initiatives aimed at lowering CO2 emissions to 35% of current
levels by fiscal 2030 through efforts to achieve an annual
reduction target of 6% that include the reduction of 2,715
t-CO2 annually through the introduction of a photovoltaic
power generation system in July 2018. At present, to achieve
further reductions, JTC is engaged in the visualization of
energy consumption, using a remote monitoring system to perform detailed energy usage analysis and waste detection, which had been difficult to achieve using conventional manual meter checking. JTC plans to continue managing and improving its energy consumption going forward.
JTEKT AUTOMOTIVE LYON S.A.S. (JALY) has installed a 1,710 kW solar power generation system.
JALY will continue to engage in initiatives toward the introduction of renewable energy, which has a low environmental impact, while promoting the construction of plants in harmony with nature.
Since 2014, JTEKT AUTOMOTIVA BRASIL LTDA. (JABR) has been distributing tree seedlings to employees as part of its environmental efforts during Environmental Week.
In fiscal 2019, JABR distributed 200 tree seedlings that were planted at employees’ homes. JABR plans to pass this initiative on to the next generation as part of its environmental education for employees.
      thousand t
thousand t thousand t thousand t
6,507 kl thousand t thousand t
thousand t
CO2
SOX
NOX
Toluene and xylene
Emissions of other substances subject to PRTR
   Casting
 8 1
23
751 thousand t-CO2 0.6 t 47 t 41 t 14 t
       Discharge to bodies of water and sewers
     Resource circulation amount Energy
Total
Electricity
Renewable energy power generation
City gas
LPG Kerosene Heavy oil A*2 Water
Total
(By water source)
Surface water
Groundwater
Others (city water, industrial water, etc.)
Total Logistics Packaging
16,570,397 GJ*1
Total amount of wastewater (By release destination) Surface water
Groundwater
Seawater
Others (sewer, etc.)
3,332 thousand m3
2,157 thousand m3 76 thousand m3 62 thousand m3
1,037 thousand m3
             1,424,519 MWh 13,921 MWh 50,429 thousand Nm3 4,866 t 601 kl 196 kl
COD*4
Nitrogen
Phosphorus
Release or transfer amount of substances subject to PRTR
External waste
Waste
Reverse payment recycling*5
Sales recycling
Hazardous waste*6
Transfer amount of substances subject to PRTR
25 t 8 t 0.3 t 0 t
             5,435 thousand m3
1,249 thousand m3 1,772 thousand m3 2,414 thousand m3
894 thousand m3 Chemical substances (amount of substances handled subject to PRTR*3)
24 thousand t
1. 2. 3.
4. 5. 6.
Gigajoule (unit showing heat quantity) G=109
Of the heavy oils classified into three types (A, B, and C), the consistency is closest to light oil and is used as fuel for boilers and heating. Abbreviation for Pollutant Release and Transfer Register, which is a system for reporting and announcing the amount of chemical substances released into the environment to the authorities.
Chemical oxygen demand (index showing the degree of water pollution).
Recycling involving the payment of disposal fees.
Extracted (amount of waste and reverse payment recycling) from the amount of waste regulated as specially controlled industrial waste in Japan and dangerous waste in accordance with the laws in countries other than Japan from the amount of waste discharged.
        Amount of water recycled
23 thousand t 143 thousand t 16 thousand t 14 t
   79 t 129 thousand t
Logistics
CO2 related to product transportation 15 thousand t-CO2
     59
JTEKT and 19 domestic Group companies, 38 overseas Group companies JTEKT and 19 domestic Group companies
JTEKT nonconsolidated
60