                   Research and Development
KOSÉ has taken a concept dating back to its earliest days emphasizing cosmetics of the finest quality that elicit total customer satisfaction and summarized it in three words: intelligence, sensuousness and reliability. Our R&D activities follow a guiding principle of integrating these three values. In refining our products with a priority on safety, we will continue to take on the challenge of creating products that consistently bring about new ideas and innovation in cosmetics culture.
Reaching beyond Convention to Achieve the Finest Quality for Customers
Building an R&D Structure for Speed and Originality
KOSÉ’s R&D activities are guided by a basic philosophy of creating value and a culture that are uniquely beautiful through the high-level integration of the three values espoused by the Company’s founder—intelligence, sensuousness and reliability—and supplying affordable yet superior products. Research emphasizing originality and speed generates high- value-added results and drives KOSÉ’s growth.
to stabilize, so they had not been applied to a cosmetic product before. Our success with COSME DECORTE MOISTURE LIPOSOME was an industry first. This product is a long-seller, and has enjoyed robust sales exceeding 7 million bottles. Since its launch, we have continued to develop a series of highly effective beauty ingredients, including astaxanthin and kojic acid. These achievements reflect a deeply rooted corporate culture that enables researchers to rise to various challenges. Moreover, on the occasion of our 70th anniversary in 2016, we established our “Laboratory Vision” to accelerate global growth. We are working to realize this vision by identifying issues, formulating action plans to resolve those issues, and going through the plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle.
We are reorganizing our research structure to strengthen global competitiveness and cultivate new markets. In 2017, we established the Customer Value Creation Laboratories as an organization for new innovation and also opened our first European research center in Lyon, France—the France Laboratory Branch—which is regarded as a hub for leading-edge dermatological technology. We will draw on the advantages of the local environment while pursuing dermatological research and applying the findings to the development of cosmetics. In addition, the Advanced Technology Laboratory was opened in spring 2019, concentrating domestic research facilities in Oji, Kita-ku, Tokyo, the district of KOSÉ’s original operations.
Ultimately, this structure will facilitate quick commercialization of products.
Since its establishment, KOSÉ has brought trailblazing cosmetics to market. We have created many new categories in cosmetics, such as beauty serum in 1975, and powder foundation in 1976. In 1992, we launched COSME DECORTE MOISTURE LIPOSOME, a beauty serum incorporating liposome technology, which we had been studying as a delivery mechanism for cosmetics classified as quasi-drugs. Liposomes were difficult
Through these changes, we aim to build a high-performance, flexible R&D structure. The changes will enhance the coordination of research, thus raising the value of the products we provide to customers and research of next-generation technologies that underpin the creation of new value.
Laboratory Vision
Be constantly producing “good things” for customers through innovation that reaches beyond conventional thinking and assumptions, thereby serving as a driving force to expand the number of avid supporters of KOSÉ in Japan, throughout Asia, and around the world.
Advanced Technology Laboratory, completed in March 2019 (Oji, Kita-ku, Tokyo)
Astaxanthin
Liposomes
Kojic acid
In June 2018, KOSÉ began the industry’s first Accelerator Program with the aim of generating new value through co- creation. The program combines the resources we have cultivated in-house with external entities solicited through a wide-ranging, open invitation. We solicited ideas from start-ups in domains where we intend to strengthen collaboration in the future, centered on integrating beauty with digital technology, and beauty with cutting-edge technologies. Six companies were selected from the more than 80 that responded. Six co-creation teams were formed with the addition of selected KOSÉ employees to each company’s team. The teams prepared interim reports in October 2018, then refined their research topics for demonstrations. As a result, in the final report in January 2019, we decided to incorporate quantum computing, which we had been working on with MDR Inc., into our R&D. We have adopted the research theme of co-creation between humans and computers, and are now moving into the proof-of-concept stage.
Overview of the Accelerator Program
A red antioxidant component extracted from salmon, algae and other sources
Successful stabilization of multilayered phospholipid membranes
Created from rice fermentation technology
Representative Beauty Ingredients from KOSÉ R&D
Promoting Beauty-Centered Open Innovation
Focusing on Dermatology to Address Aging and Allergic Diseases
Solicitation and selection of ideas
Submission of interim reports by six teams
Final reports by four teams and decision on business partner
We promote basic research with a long-term perspective in a quest for cosmetics discoveries that will help address social issues and consumer concerns. Our strength in basic research is in the field of dermatology, with a focus on aging and the application of findings to new skin care products. Among our successes in this field, in 1994 we pinpointed the impact
of singlet oxygen on skin aging. In 2009, we partnered with Keio University School of Medicine
and began joint research on skin care and the skin’s barrier function. We established an endowed course in 2013 to promote further research and have been working to contribute to preventative medicine for allergic diseases and better quality of life (QOL) during periods of remission.* We are also exploring induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cell research to identify the mechanism behind the skin aging process and are engaged in the development of new anti-aging skin care ingredients.
Through such co-creation with external entities, we will generate new value that more clearly expresses beauty in comfortable, fulfilling lifestyles.
* Remission: A period in which the symptoms of a disease decrease temporarily or disappear
Aging-related research using iPS cells
MDR Inc. members and KOSÉ employees selected for a co-creation team in the Accelerator Program
26 KOSÉ REPORT 2019 
KOSÉ REPORT 2019 27