               Creating an Environment That Allows People to Realize Their Full Potential
To achieve its goal of becoming a company with a global presence, KOSÉ needs human resources that can succeed worldwide—people who use foresight for the constant creation of innovative value. Based on three management foundations, we work to create an environment that enables our employees to realize their full potential, ultimately leading to the achievement of the targets stated in our medium-term management plan.
Promoting Human Rights Education and Awareness-Raising and Diversity Management
Developing Human Resources and Fostering a Corporate Culture That Promotes Innovation
Employees are the source of corporate growth and competitiveness. For employees to grow, they must have a healthy workplace environment. As a cosmetics company, the KOSÉ Group aims to cultivate a workplace environment that allows women to realize their full potential and enables diverse human resources to demonstrate their skills. To that end, we promote human rights education and awareness-raising and diversity management. In the KOSÉ Group Action Guidelines, we stipulate respect for the human rights of all and zero tolerance for any actions that might lead to discrimination. We
encourage acceptance and understanding in the workplace and endeavor to build a healthy workplace environment where diversity is valued. In management development programs, we conduct training and raise awareness of human rights to ensure respect for such rights regardless of nationality, race, religion, educational background or age. We also promote understanding of gender diversity (LGBT* and others) including sexual orientation and gender identity.
* LGBT: An acronym for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender
As part of our global strategy, we focus on attracting and keeping people who fearlessly embrace challenges with a flexible perspective, give us the benefit of their individuality and add a new dimension of diversity to our talent pool.
given the task of commercializing new businesses in cooperation
Establishing Working Conditions That Promote Work-life Balance
Seeking to improve the technical skills of Beauty Advisors, in fiscal 2014 we complemented an existing training and instruction program with our own distinctive KOSÉ Makeup Lesson Examination, which has been approved by Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. The examination contributes to enhancing skills and spurs motivation. It consists of Level Two for base makeup, for which all Beauty Advisors in Japan are eligible, and Level One for makeup highlights, which can be taken by those who pass Level Two. Since the examination was introduced, more than 1,200 Beauty Advisors have passed one of the levels. In the future, we aim to have all Beauty Advisors obtain these qualifications as a preparatory job skill.
To achieve a good balance between our employees’ professional and private lives, we are making efforts to enhance their health and working conditions. Specifically, we endeavor to accurately track each employee’s working hours and set reduction targets for overtime work to optimize time spent on the job. We also offer wellness guidance by industrial doctors based on the results of
annual health checks and respective work situations. In addition, we have introduced childcare/nursing care leave, shortened working hours and other programs tailored to life events in order to help employees balance career and family. All regular employees who took maternity leave also took childcare leave, and more than 90% of these women later returned to work.
Certified as an Excellent Enterprise of Health and Productivity Management (White 500)
The 8th Global EMB Contest to Select Top Beauty Advisors
From a management viewpoint, strategically encouraging employees to manage their own health will lead to higher productivity. The concept of health and productivity management has thus been proposed from the perspective of an investment that will lead to higher profitability. Wholeheartedly embracing this concept, the KOSÉ Group promotes health and productivity management measures for its employees’ working environment, particularly in regard to keeping working hours to an appropriate level and helping employees maintain good health. In recognition of these efforts, KOSÉ has been certified for the third consecutive year since 2017 as an excellent corporation that engages in health and productivity management in cooperation with insurers in the White 500 for 2019, sponsored by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
About 5,000 Beauty Advisors from Asia including Japan participated in the 8th Global EMB* Contest. This event is aimed at encouraging the development of world-class Beauty Advisors by offering contestants the opportunity to present the results of their efforts to refine their customer service skills and beauty knowledge and techniques to impress
and bring joy to the greatest number of customers. The final round of the contest took place in
April 2019, with the 17 remaining contestants from their respective districts gathering at KOSÉ’s
Oji Training Center in Kita-ku, Tokyo to showcase their skills. The next day, results were
announced and an awards ceremony was held at the Hilton Tokyo Bay in Urayasu City, Chiba.
The grand prize went to Yoshiko Ota, a Beauty Advisor in Japan, with Japan’s Minami Nakada
and Taiwan’s Yu-Chien Wei as runners-up.  * EMB (Expectation, Meet, Beyond): Implies that people not only meet, but exceed expectations
30 KOSÉ REPORT 2019 
KOSÉ REPORT 2019 31
We maintain an in-house recruitment system that gives existing employees with a desire to take on new challenges the opportunity to work at different jobs within the Company. In addition, we have integrated Link,1 a program for generating innovation to create new value in beauty that we have been conducting since 2017, with our Accelerator Program. Employees who we expect to play key roles in the future are
1. Link (Leadership and Innovation program for New KOSÉ): An internal incubation program launched in 2017
Developing Global Beauty Professionals
We also emphasize training for Beauty Advisors, who interact most closely with customers, in order to create a group of beauty professionals. In fiscal 2014, we promoted contract employees to regular employee status, and in fiscal 2015, we switched to a practice of hiring new graduates as regular employees rather than contract employees. For mid-career hires, we introduced an exam-based promotion system, with more than 100 Beauty Advisors passing the test each year. As a result of these measures, the proportion of Beauty Advisors who are regular employees has risen to about 90%. In addition, we run a program for Beauty Advisors that gives them the option to change branches and continue their careers in different locations nationwide. Concurrently, our in-house recruitment system enables Beauty Advisors to take on the challenge of
working in other roles within the Company. These efforts expand career path options and enhance job satisfaction.
with external start-ups. This is just one way in which we create a
structure that supports enthusiasm and a spirit of challenge.
Announcement of the grand prize winner