For 10 years, KOSÉ has been conducting the SAVE the BLUE project as an initiative that embodies its corporate message “Wisdom and Beauty for People and the Earth.” We will continue to support activities to protect the global environment with the aim of realizing a sustainable society.

The SAVE the BLUE project debuted in 2009, with a portion of sales from SEKKISEI, a brand loved by many customers, directed toward activities to protect the coral reefs in Okinawa. Corals, which are highly susceptible to temperature and other environmental changes, are in need of greater conservation efforts. A portion of sales from select products in the SEKKISEI series purchased by customers during our summer campaigns is donated to a local organization in Okinawa. The funds are used to cover the cost of growing an amount of corals equivalent to the total surface area of the bottoms* of the containers of project-designated SEKKISEI products, and for transplanting the cultivated corals onto reefs in Okinawa. Over the past 10 years, corals covering a total of 96,757,321 cm2, or about 25.8 times the size of an official short-course (25 m) swimming pool, have been transplanted. To mark the first decade of the project, in 2018 we also held a winter campaign. Since rich forest soil is indispensable for oceans to thrive, we have also started planting trees to cover an area equivalent to the total surface area of the bottoms of designated SEKKISEI products sold.

The SAVE the BLUE Project has spread globally. In fiscal 2018, it was conducted in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, the United States and Japan. We also carried out a program for staff from overseas to study corals in Okinawa and to present their environmental conservation activities in their respective regions.
further advance its efforts to protect our blue planet through marine conservation.
KOSÉ has announced its support of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) advocated by the United Nations, and through the SAVE the BLUE project it will further advance its efforts to protect our blue planet through marine conservation.