To enhance people’s quality of life, KOSÉ is involved in the promotion of sports, which are an important part of healthy lifestyles. As a cosmetics company, we continue to cosponsor and support teams and individual athletes in various sports, particularly those that combine beauty, art and fashion.

As an official partner of the Japan Skating Federation since 2006, KOSÉ has mainly provided makeup and makeup lessons to figure skaters. We incorporate recent trends in proposing makeup colors and looks that match the images the skaters wish to project, and then advise them on how to apply their own makeup. In addition, we have enhanced our support at exhibitions and ice shows by providing staff to apply the skaters’ makeup. We have received a positive response from the skaters, with comments such as “The makeup really motivated me. You did a beautiful job, which helped me perform with confidence.” 

In 2016, we marked a first as the title sponsor of the KOSÉ Team Challenge Cup, an international event on the figure skating circuit. We are expanding the range of our support, including signing individual contracts with athletes who participate in the tournament.

In April 2006, KOSÉ signed an official cosmetic partner agreement with the Japanese national team, nicknamed “Mermaid Japan,” which represents Japan in international artistic swimming competitions. Since then, we have provided constant support for the team. We create makeup designs matched to costumes and music and conduct a regular course of lessons so that team members can apply their own makeup at competition sites. We use only commercially available products that are highly waterproof and colorfast, such as FASIO and ADDICTION, and help team members focus on their performance with confidence by providing detailed guidance on makeup techniques that
prevent it from coming off during intense movements in the pool. Our expertise goes beyond competition makeup to offer total beauty solutions, including suggestions on daily skincare.

In October 2018, we signed a contract with the Ski Association of Japan (SNOW JAPAN) to become an official sponsor. We actively support athletes who perform on the world stage and support the development of all snow sports.