KOSÉ’s sustainability activities reflect its corporate message “Wisdom and Beauty for People and the Earth.” We based the KOSÉ Basic Environmental Policy on the fundamental concept that underpins ISO 14001, the international standard on environmental management, with activities conducted primarily by cross-departmental environmental working groups.

KOSÉ recognizes that business activities (such as production, marketing and logistics) have an impact on the environment and we vigorously strive to reduce this burden. We set benchmarks for CO2 emissions, water consumption and waste as priority targets and publish data on our website to show the impact that our corporate activities have on the environment. In production activities, we continue to reduce industrial waste, save energy and prevent environmental pollution. We also promote energy- saving activities at all of our factories. For example, we install energy-saving equipment such as cogeneration systems. Meanwhile, with respect to product development and sales, we take steps to develop and improve the raw materials used in cosmetics and the materials used in containers, packaging and in-store display cases, paying attention to the impact that such components have on the environment.

Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certification is given to wood that is harvested and processed in a manner that promotes sustainable forestry, benefits local communities and is also economically sustainable. FSC-certified paper is made from such wood.
5. Assurance of information security
Confidential information and personal information related to procurement activities are strictly protected.
FSC-certified paper is used for the outer box of some SEKKISEI products.

Plastic microbeads are a raw material used in cleansers and other rinse-off products. They are safe for humans, and have been used as a highly functional raw material, but recently concerns about their environmental impact have been raised in Japan and overseas. In light of such concerns, the KOSÉ Group has taken measures to address this problem. In fiscal 2014, for example, we discontinued the use of microbeads in newly developed cleansers, replacing them with vegetable-based
materials with a low environmental burden. We have also completed a switchover to vegetable-based materials for existing cleansers. Since January 2018, none of the cleansers we have shipped contain microbeads.
We are also working to reduce the amount of plastic used in containers. We have launched refill products for the DECORTÉ products MOISTURE LIPOSOME and PRIME LATTE, resulting in about a 40% reduction in plastic per item compared with regular containers. We are working to reduce our environmental burden in a variety of ways, including the use of plant-derived plastic in products from Kosé Cosmeport Corp.