KOSÉ has always pursued co-existence and co-prosperity with its business partners. We value the sense of partnership that infuses all of these relationships, and we emphasize sustainability throughout our supply chain, extending beyond Japan to points overseas, to grow along with suppliers and retailers.

We conduct sustainable, socially and environmentally responsible procurement for raw materials in line with our Basic Procurement Policy. We promote detailed information exchange with suppliers to develop mutual understanding of pertinent issues and use questionnaires to track environment-oriented responses and respect for human rights.

Quality and safety assurance
Our procurement activities are implemented in line with the “KOSÉ Quality Policy,” with the highest priority on quality and safety.

Fair and unbiased competition
We offer opportunities for fair and equitable competition to all suppliers, regardless of scale, both in Japan and abroad. Procurement decisions are made in a fair manner based on a comprehensive consideration of quality, prices, delivery times, supply capacity, management stability and other factors.

Compliance with laws, regulations and social norms
In our CSR-compliant procurement practices, we comply with laws, regulations and social norms of different countries and regions, and give due consideration to the conservation of resources and the global environment, safety, human rights, and other factors in order to fulfill our social responsibility.

Co-existence and co-prosperity
Our aim is to ensure the ongoing development of both our suppliers and ourselves by building mutual understanding and trust through our procurement activities.
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certification is given to wood that is harvested and processed in a manner that promotes sustainable forestry, benefits local communities and is also economically sustainable. FSC-certified paper is made from such wood.

Assurance of information security
Confidential information and personal information related to procurement activities are strictly protected.

KOSÉ holds a policy meeting with its suppliers once a year to explain the KOSÉ Group’s policies, business plan and purchasing policy. A party is also held at this event to show our gratitude and to recognize those suppliers who have contributed significantly to our success, particularly to our business results, improved quality and environmental considerations. In fiscal 2018, we welcomed participants from nearly 100 domestic and international suppliers, including those providing us with raw materials and fragrances, other materials, OEM services and various production work. We asked suppliers to continue to be good partners in our ongoing pursuit of higher quality and sustainability. This event draws an increasing number of participants from abroad, so interpreters provide simultaneous translation.

Palm oil is a vegetable oil harvested from oil palms grown in Southeast Asia and other regions. It is used around the world in various applications such as food, and some is used as a raw material for cosmetics. However, there are problematic issues such as the destruction of tropical rain forests caused by oil palm plantation development.

KOSÉ maintains an ongoing dialogue with relevant NGOs and suppliers. In fiscal 2018, we applied for membership in the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and have started investigating various issues with the aim of commencing the use of sustainable palm oil by fiscal 2020.