             Kawasaki Report 2020
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Kawasaki Group Mission Statement
Material Issues
 Identifying Material Issues
In light of increasingly diverse stakeholder expectations and demands and changes in the business environment, Kawasaki has reexam- ined and categorized the impacts that its corporate activities have on society in order to identify material issues.
We are handling the material issues identified based on a management approach defined under the GRI* standards and have estab- lished KPIs that we use to regularly monitor progress.
Materiality Matrix of Items Identified
High
      Material issues
 Social value created through our businesses
• Providing safe and secure, clean, and comfortable move- ment of people and goods
• Creating clean energy
• Improving social infra- structure, especially in
emerging countries
• Responding to the needs of
an aging society and
a shortage of labor through automation
  The foundation of our business activities
• Low-carbon society (product- based contributions)
  • Stakeholder engagement • Risk management
• Crisis management
• Political involvement
• Research and development • Export control
• Information security
• Product liability/safety
• Corporate governance
• Compliance
• Anti-corruption measures • Supply chain management • Employee recruitment
and retention
• Low-carbon society (business activities) • Business and human rights
• Customer relationship management • Health and safety
• Diversity
• Human resource development
• Recycling-oriented society
• Society coexisting with nature • Environmental management
• Heightened awareness as
an environmentally friendly brand • Social contribution activities
 Low Importance to the Kawasaki Group High
*GRI standards: Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards
Kawasaki formulated the Kawasaki Group Mission Statement as a compass directing the activities of the Kawasaki Group. The statement incorporates the Group’s social mission and, to increase the Kawasaki brand value, shared values, the underlying principles of management activities, and guidelines for the daily conduct of each and every member of the organization.
Group Mission
Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet
 We are the Kawasaki Group, a global technology leader with diverse integrated strengths.
 We create new value—for a better environment and a brighter future for generations to come.
 We respond to our customers’ requirements
 We constantly achieve new heights in technology
 We pursue originality and innovation
1 Trust As an integrated technology leader, the Kawasaki Group is committed to providing high-performance products and services of superior safety and quality. By doing so, we will win the trust of our customers and the community.
2 Harmonious coexistence The importance of corporate social responsibility (CSR) permeates all aspects of our business. This stance reflects the Kawasaki Group’s corporate ideal of harmonious coexistence with the environment, society as a whole, local communities and individuals.
3 People The Kawasaki Group’s corporate culture is built on integrity, vitality, organizational strength and mutual respect for people through all levels of the Group. We nurture a global team for a global era.
4 Strategy Enhance corporate value based on the guiding principles of “selective focusing of resources,” “emphasis on quality over quantity,” and “risk management.”
1. Always look at the bigger picture. Think and act from a long-term, global perspective.
2. Meet difficult challenges head-on. Aim high and never be afraid to try something new.
3. Be driven by your aspirations and goals. Work toward suc- cess by always dedicating yourself to your tasks.
4. Earn the trust of the community through high ethical stan- dards and the example you set for others.
5. Keep striving for self-improvement. Act on your own ini- tiative as a confident professional.
6. Be a part of Team Kawasaki. Share your pride and sense of fulfillment in a job well done.
     Kawasaki Value
     The Kawasaki Group Management Principles
     The Kawasaki Group Action Guidelines
 Process for Identifying Materiality
Evaluate impact of issues and assign priorities We made an internal evaluation of each CSR issue narrowed down through Step 1 from the perspective of importance to society and stakeholders as well as importance to Kawasaki and created a provi- sional order of importance.
We also put responses to social issues of global scale that were identified under MTBP 20163 in a category—the social value we create—with our Group Mission “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet” and made this category a top priority.
Formulate the plan and conduct a review We will comply with the management approach defined under GRI standards, establish concrete numerical targets and, through the steady implementation of strategies and follow-up measures, move CSR programs toward the realization of stated goals. In addition, the Corporate CSR Committee will periodically review material issues and other topics to ensure that CSR activities are in sync with changes in the business environment and evolving social expectations.
1 DJSI, FTSE, MSCI: please refer to page 61
2 SASB: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
3 MTBP 2016: Kawasaki's Medium-Term Business Plan 2016
   STEP 1
 STEP 2
 STEP 3
STEP 4
Identify and narrow down CSR issues We analyzed industry- and Kawasaki Group-specific survey criteria applied by international SRI/ESG (socially responsible investment/environment, social, governance) assessment organizations, including DJSI, FTSE, MSCI1 and Sustainalytics, as well as content required under reporting guidelines set by SASB2, GRI and other stan- dards organizations. We also drew on the opinions of external advisors and then identified and narrowed down CSR issues.
 Interview outside experts and decide on material issues (materiality) To verify the appropriateness of priority placement determined in-house, we invited comments from outside experts through an interview process. Based on these comments, we reviewed the impact of CSR issues on society and stakeholders and made revisions (see the matrix above).
  WEB For more information about Kawasaki’s process of identifying material issues, please refer to Kawasaki’s website. https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/materiality.html
Kawasaki Report 2020
1
 Importance to society and stakeholders
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Main Feature 4
Introduction 8
Management Strategy 14
Special Feature 20
Business Strategy 32
Foundation Supporting 45 Our Business Activities
Kawasaki Hydrogen Road
Growing with Society: The History of the Kawasaki Group 10 Our Approach to Sustainable Value Creation
12 Social Value Created through Our Businesses
 Message from the President
 Kawasaki’s Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic 22 Creating Value through Technological Innovation 24 Realizing a Low-carbon Society
27 Quality Control
28 Financial Strategy
30 Human Resource Strategy
  Aerospace Systems
34 Energy System & Plant Engineering 36 Ship & Offshore Structure
38 Rolling Stock
40 Motorcycle & Engine
42 Precision Machinery & Robot
   Roundtable Discussion with the Chairman and Outside Directors 50 Corporate Governance
54 Corporate Officers
58 Compliance/Risk Management
60 Performance Highlights
62 Eleven-year Summary
64 Management Discussion & Analysis
68 Consolidated Financial Statements
76 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  2
Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020
109 Corporate Profile/Stock Information
110 Major Subsidiaries and Associates
 Editorial Policy
Since fiscal 2013, the Kawasaki Group has published the Kawasaki Report as an integrated report.
The report serves as a tool for communication with stakeholders and includes information about the Group’s efforts to create value for society and boost enterprise value; management policies; business environment and
strategy, and environmental, social, and governance (ESG)-related content.
Kawasaki’s medium-term business plan, MTBP 2019, is available in the “Investors” section of Kawasaki’s website.
More information on many of the topics touched upon in this report can also be found on our website. IR information: https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/ir/
CSR and Environmental information: https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/
Period
This report covers fiscal 2019 (April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020), but some fiscal 2020 content is also included.
Scope
The report covers Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd., its 97 consolidated subsidiaries (41 in Japan and 56 overseas) and 17 equity-method associates. Some data, however, refer to the parent company alone.
Guidelines
In preparing the report, the editorial office referred to the Sustainability Reporting Standards issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the International Integrated Reporting Framework issued by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), the Environmental Reporting Guidelines (2018 Edition) issued by the Ministry of the Environment, and the Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogue for Collaborative Value Creation issued by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
Frequency of Publication
Annually, in principle
Previous edition—October 2019 Next edition—September 2021
Contact Us
Please make inquiries through the inquiry form on our website https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/profile/contact/
            Information on how the Kawasaki Group creates value and achieves sustainable growth
 Kawasaki Report
The Kawasaki Group’s Information Disclosure
Publication of detailed information and the latest information
Corporate Website https://global.kawasaki.com/en/
      Securities Report (Japanese only)
Financial information
Corporate Governance Report (Japanese only)
Kawasaki Technical Review
Kawasaki Environmental Report
Leisure Corporate Info
Kawasaki ESG Data Book
Non-financial information
Mobility Energy Industrial Equipment
Information for various stakeholders
   Kawasaki Report 2020
3

A New “Hydrogen Road,” Connecting Hydrogen Production and
Consumption Sites
Interest in hydrogen energy as a game-changing tool for realizing a decarbonized society is on the rise around the world. Hydrogen can be stored for long periods and transported great distances, and it emits no CO2 when used. Furthermore, hydrogen can be produced from a variety of resources. Hydrogen is therefore a highly promising source of clean energy, capable of helping counter global warming and resource depletion—two major environmental problems—if used as fuel for vehicles or power generation. Kawasaki is advancing the development of technologies for the entire hydrogen supply chain, encompassing production, transportation, storage, and utilization, aiming to quickly realize a hydrogen-powered society.
Kawasaki Hydrogen Road
Working toward
a Sustainable, Decarbonized Society
 KOBE LH2 TERMINAL
 Liquefied hydrogen carrier SUISO FRONTIER nears completion
  Australia
Japan
  HySTRA
Victorian coal Gasification
HEA3
HySTRA
     Gas refining
Hydrogen land transportation
H2
  150km
Hydrogen liquefaction
Liquefied hydrogen loading
Liquefied hydrogen marine transportation
LH2
Liquefied hydrogen unloading
LH2
   Mining site facility (Latrobe Valley)
Port site facility (Hastings)
Approx. 9,000km
Kobe Airport Island
  Main Feature Kawasaki Hydrogen Road
KOBE LH2 TERMINAL, boasting Japan’s largest liquefied hydro- gen storage tank. To be used in the demonstration of the loading and unloading of liquefied hydrogen between land and ship, a world first.
    The Long-Awaited Demonstration of a Hydrogen Supply Chain
Spanning Japan and Australia1
Kawasaki aims to build a large-scale international hydrogen supply chain in which Victorian coal—an underutilized resource—from Latrobe Valley in Victoria, Australia, is used to produce hydrogen that is then liquefied and transported by sea to Japan using a specialized liquefied hydrogen carrier. Aiming to commercialize a hydrogen supply chain around 2030, Kawasaki has been working in collaboration with partner companies and with the support of the Japanese and Australian governments to demon- strate a hydrogen supply chain connecting Australia and Japan. With the construction and manufac- turing of the facilities and equipment necessary for the demonstration finally sufficiently advanced, 2020 marked the long-awaited start of demonstration operations.
In July 2020, commissioning began at the hydrogen liquefaction and loading facilities built at the Port of Hastings in Victoria.
The SUISO FRONTIER, the world's first liquefied hydrogen carrier, launched in December 2019, complet- ed its sea trial, the final phase of testing, on open water, in October 2020. The carrier is now undergoing final equipment adjustments and other preparations for delivery to HySTRA,2 the organization implement- ing the demonstration. It will then be used in demonstrations of ship-to-shore transfer of liquefied hydro- gen at KOBE LH2 TERMINAL, a liquefied hydrogen receiving terminal on Kobe Airport Island.
Furthermore, a round trip between Kobe and the Port of Hastings carrying liquefied hydrogen is
planned for 2021.
1. The Demonstration Project for Establishment of Mass Hydrogen Marine Transportation Supply Chain Derived from Unused Brown Coal subsi- dized by the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO)
2. HySTRA: The CO2-free Hydrogen Energy Supply-chain Technology Research Association 3. HEA: Hydrogen Engineering Australia (wholly owned subsidiary of Kawasaki)
Voyage distance: Approx. 9,000 km
Voyage duration: 16 days
The liquefied hydrogen carrier, devel- oped based on LNG carrier technolo- gy and onshore liquefied hydrogen transportation and storage technolo- gies, will keep liquefied hydrogen at -253°C, carrying it approximately 9,000 km from Australia to Japan.
      Start of commissioning at hydrogen liquefaction and loading facilities at the Port of Hastings in Australia
Here, hydrogen will be liquefied and loaded onto the liquefied hydrogen carrier. At -253°C, the liquefied hydrogen’s bulk is just one eight- hundredth its volume as a gas, dramat- ically improving carrying efficiency.
      4 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 5

                                                                                                                                                                                                            2019
Roadmap for Creating Clean Energy
As it aims to contribute to the development of a hydrogen-powered society, Kawasaki is pursuing its goal of becoming a supplier of comprehensive system packag- es associated with liquefied hydrogen infrastructure
by 2030 via the provision of hydrogen liquefaction and loading and unloading facilities, liquefied hydrogen car- riers and hydrogen-fueled gas turbines. To achieve this goal, we are working with partner companies to devel- op key hydrogen supply chain technologies. These technologies include those associated the production of hydrogen from renewable energy and from Victorian coal in Australia, with the aim of making profitable use of this underutilized resource, as well as hydrogen
Building a hydrogen supply chain
Start of demonstration
2020
Commercializing
a hydrogen 2030
supply chain
able to stably supply large quantities of clean energy while considerably reducing CO2 emissions. We have steadily advanced the construction of facilities for the demonstration of this supply chain and begun research and development aimed at scaling up these facilities for commercial use. We are making steady progress, including the commencement of demonstration testing, toward greater efficiency and convenience in heat and electricity supply via pure hydrogen combustion.
Working toward a Sustainable,
Decarbonized Society
2021
Goal for fiscal 2021
 • Complete the demonstration of a hydrogen supply chain spanning Japan and Australia
 Fiscal 2019 achievements
• Launched a small liquefied hydrogen carrier, built a liquefied hydrogen receiving terminal in Kobe, and built liq- uefaction and loading facilities in Australia, aiming to implement supply chain demonstration
• Began demonstration testing aimed at increasing the efficiency and conve- nience of heat and power supply from the mixed combustion of natural gas and the combustion of pure hydrogen in an urban area of Kobe
        Making the Hydrogen Road Possible with Kawasaki Technology
Production
Production
liquefaction technologies. With regard to the transpor- tation of hydrogen, our large-capacity carrier ships are expected to play an essential role along with our load- ing and unloading facilities. Furthermore, we will sup- port the storage of liquefied hydrogen as well as hydrogen utilization via power generation employing gas turbines optimized for this fuel.
Applying CO2 capture and storage (CCS) technologies at the production stage when obtaining hydrogen from fossil fuels enables the use of hydrogen as a source of clean energy by controlling CO2 emissions all the way from production to utilization. Once established, the hydrogen supply chain that Kawasaki is building will be
Transportation Storage Utilization
   Large-scale hydrogen-fueled power generation requires a large quantity of hydrogen. Kawasaki is the first in Japan to develop an industrial hydrogen liquefaction system that employs only domestic technologies. In addition to producing hydrogen from Victorian coal, an underutilized resource, we have made it possible to easily handle a large volume of hydrogen by using cryogenic (-253°C) liquefaction to reduce its bulk to one eight-hundredth its volume as a gas.
Transportation
Based on LNG carrier technology and onshore liquefied hydrogen transportation and storage technologies, Kawasaki is advancing the development of liquefied hydrogen carriers, which will keep liquefied hydrogen at -253°C to carry it safely and efficiently to Japan.1
1. The Demonstration Project for Establishment of Mass Hydrogen Marine Transportation Supply Chain Derived from Unused Brown Coal subsidized by NEDO
2. The Smart Community Technology Development Project Utilizing Hydrogen Cogeneration Systems subsidized by NEDO: The project succeeded in the world’s first
cogeneration via 100% hydrogen combustion in an urban area in April 2018
3. The Development and Demonstration Project for Low-NOx Hydrogen-fueled Gas Turbine Combustion Technology subsidized by NEDO
Storage
The development of storage tanks and transportation containers for liquefied hydrogen is essential to promot- ing the utilization of hydrogen in Japan. Kawasaki boasts a long track record in the handling of liquefied hydrogen used as rocket fuel. At Kobe Airport Island, we have now completed the construction of the largest liquefied hydrogen storage tank in Japan, which will boast vacuum insulated walls and a capacity of 2,500 m3.1
Utilization
One effective use of hydrogen energy is electricity generation via hydrogen gas turbines. With the aim of com- mercializing power generation gas turbines that reduce environmental burden, we developed a unique com- bustion method employing a mix of 40% natural gas and 60% hydrogen. Furthermore, we developed technology that allows the fuel mix to be freely adjusted—from 100% natural gas to 100% hydrogen—without interrupting the power supply. We completed the demonstration of this technology on Kobe City’s Port Island.2
 Liquefied Hydrogen Storage Tank for Marine Transport
Installed on Liquefied Hydrogen Carrier
In March 2020, we installed a liquefied hydrogen storage tank for marine transport on the liquefied hydrogen carrier SUISO FRONTIER. Kawasaki lever- aged its expertise in cryogenic equipment manufacturing, accumulated through the building of onshore liquefied hydrogen storage tanks and LNG storage tanks, to achieve ultra-high thermal insulation performance. This tank will enable the safe marine transport of large volumes of liquefied hydrogen over long distances.
  Sales of a Hydrogen Liquefier, a First Among Japanese
Manufacturers
In June 2020, Kawasaki was the first Japanese manufacturer to commence sales of a hydrogen liquefier. Boasting industry-leading liquefaction efficiency, the hydrogen liquefier has demonstrated its performance and reliability through continuous operation for over 3,000 hours and various functional tests.
This hydrogen liquefier can produce five tons of liquefied hydrogen per day (enough to fuel more than 1,000 fuel cell vehicles) and is capable of pro- ducing 99.999% pure liquefied hydrogen. Going forward, as the use of hydro- gen spreads, Kawasaki plans to expand its lineup of hydrogen liquefiers.
     Launch of the World’s First Hydrogen Carrier
In December 2019, Kawasaki launched the world’s first liquefied hydrogen carrier, the SUISO FRONTIER. Having completed its sea trial in October 2020, the carrier is now undergoing final equipment adjustments and other prepa- rations for delivery. It is scheduled to take a round trip between Japan and Australia carrying liquefied hydrogen in 2021. Working toward commercial- ization, we have begun the development of large liquefied hydrogen carriers that can carry even larger volumes of liquefied hydrogen.
  Successful Technology Verification of Dry Low-NOx
Hydrogen Combustion-Powered Gas Turbine
Kawasaki began demonstration testing of a dry low-NOx(nitrogen oxide) hydrogen combustion-powered gas turbine with its partners in May 2020, achieving the world’s first successful verification of the technology.3 The tur- bine’s combustor, developed by Kawasaki, uses micro-mix combustion tech- nology. The dry combustion method improves electrical efficiency over traditional methods and reduces NOx emissions. Kawasaki will continue veri- fication operations until the end of fiscal 2020, stably generating power from dry hydrogen combustion while verifying performance, including electrical efficiency and the reduction in environmental burden.
 6 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 7
       
Growing with Society: The History of the Kawasaki Group
      1878—1913
• The industrial revolution touches off Japan’s modernization
In the tumultuous years after Japan’s Meiji Restoration, Kawasaki was founded as a foray into modern shipbuilding with the aim of building dependable Western-style ships in Japan. With an eye to the future of railways, the Company next expanded into rolling stock manufacturing. In these ways, Kawasaki helped propel Japan’s modernization.
1914—1945
• World Wars I and II
• Great Kanto Earthquake (Japan)
Kawasaki continued to ambitiously enter new fields, expanding into shipping and the manufacture of aircraft and steel structures. As Japan modernized, the Company met growing demand for ships and contributed to the development of infrastructure.
1946—1980
• Cold War, motorization, and oil shocks
• Period of rapid economic growth (Japan)
Kawasaki diversified its businesses, develop- ing into a comprehensive heavy industries enterprise. The Company created many first- in-Japan products and supported Japan’s rapid economic growth. It also advanced the export of industrial plants, moving early on to begin producing motorcycles overseas. Kawasaki’s fields of business expanded globally.
1981—2000
• Development of IT, growth of emerging nations
• Growth and burst of the bubble economy (Japan)
Responding to society’s demand for high- quality, high-performance, environmen- tally friendly products, Kawasaki created and provided a diverse range of products. As production its sites expanded globally, the Kawasaki brand grew, and the Company helped develop infrastructure around the world.
2001—
• Emergence of sustainable development • Development of IoT
As sustainable development becomes a greater priority globally, Kawasaki is improving energy efficiency with cutting- edge technologies and promoting infrastruc- ture development in emerging nations. Kawasaki continues to advance technological development focused on realizing better liv- ing and the future of the planet.
    Modernization of shipbuilding in Japan
1897 Launched the cargo-passenger ship Iyomaru (Kawasaki Dockyard’s first vessel)
Contribution to the development of Japan’s railway network and increasing rail traffic
1911 Completed the first Japan-made steam locomotive
  8
Kawasaki Report 2020
Response to growing demand for ships
1916 Began advance production of ships Contribution to air transportation
1922 Completed Kawasaki’s first airplane
Contribution to infrastructure recovery after the Great Kanto Earthquake
1926 Built the Eitaibashi Bridge and other bridges
   Acceleration of transportation
1964 Delivered Series 0 Shinkansen electric trains Production automation
and streamlining
1969 Created the Kawasaki-Unimate 2000, the first Japan-made industrial robot
Establishment of the Kawasaki brand
1972
Launched the Z1 Contribution to small-scale
power generation
1976 Developed the Kawasaki GPS200, the first Japan-made gas turbine generator
Acceleration of disaster and emergency response
     1979 First flight of the BK117 helicopter
Contribution to energy transportation
1981 Delivered the first LNG carrier built in Japan Creation of the Ninja brand
1984
Launched the GPz900R
Contribution to increasing effi-
ciency of construction machinery
1987 Began mass production of K3V series swash plate axial piston pumps
Enhanced transportation convenience
1991 Successful excavation of the Channel Tunnel, linking France and the United Kingdom
Contribution to municipal waste processing
1997 Completed municipal waste incineration facilities for the Shin-Nanyo Plant in Nagoya City
     Production automation and streamlining
2003 Launched NX series clean robots with hori- zontal articulated arms
Acceleration of transportation
2004 Shipped first train for Taiwan High Speed Rail Increased energy efficiency
2007 The Kawasaki Green Gas Engine achieved the world’s highest electrical efficiency
2012 Launched sales of high-efficiency L30A gas turbines, made using only domestic technologies
Enhancement of economy, comfort, and environmental performance with cutting-edge technologies
Photo provided by Boeing Company
2004 Took part in the development and production of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner
Increased fuel economy and significantly decreased noise and emissions of CO2 and NOx
©Rolls-Royce plc
2009 Took part in the development and production of the Trent XWB for Rolls-Royce commercial jet engines
Response to fertilizer demand by increasing the added value of natural gas resources
2014 Completed the largest ammonia and urea fertilizer plant in Turkmenistan
Helping extend the range of fuel cell vehicles
2018 Developed a high-pressure hydrogen regulator for Daimler AG
        Kawasaki Report 2020
9
     The Development of Kawasaki Heavy Industries
Historical Background

 Our Approach to Sustainable Value Creation
“Kawasaki, working as one for the good of
Kawasaki Group Management Resources Business Activities and Strategy
the planet”
The Kawasaki Group consistently creates new value by drawing on diverse, sophisticated technological capabilities to contribute to solutions to social issues around the world.
       Key Outputs
Created Social Value
  Financial capital
Investedcapital ...¥1,023.0billion
Manufactured capital
Global production structure
Capital expenditures... ¥70.4 billion
Key production sites
19 in Japan
21 overseas Intellectual capital
•120 years of experience and • know-how
Advanced technological capabil- ities across extensive domains
R&D expenses............ ¥52.6 billion Human capital
A technology-based Group pursuing quality
Number of employees.....36,332 Social and relationship capital
•Kawasaki brand •Relationships of trust built with
business partners over many years
Natural capital (non-consolidated)
Energy consumption
(heat conversion).............6,348TJ
Procured amount
of raw materials
(steel) ..................................110 kt-CO2
(Fiscal 2019 figures)
           Kawasaki Value
• We respond to our customers’ requirements • We constantly achieve new heights in
• technology
We pursue originality and innovation
Business Portfolio
Rolling Stock
Ship & Offshore Structure
Aerospace Systems
• Wide-ranging technological strengths
• Inter-business synergies
Motorcycle & Engine
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
       Value Creation Drivers
 The Medium-Term Business Plan 2019
April 2019 – March 2021
 Kawasaki-ROIC Management
 The Foundation Supporting Our Business Activities (ESG Initiatives)
  Providing pioneering innovative products and services
 Key Products
 Before-tax ROIC*..........................................................................................4.2% ROE ................................................................................................................... 4.0%
(Fiscal 2019 figures) CO2 emissions from business activities (non-consolidated) ...... 285 kt-CO2
Reduction of CO2 emissions through
product-based contributions (non-consolidated) ....................23,138 kt-CO2
(Fiscal 2019 figures)
* ROIC (Return on Invested Capital): A management indicator that shows how much profit is generated with the capital invested in a business
Value created and distributed to stakeholders (Billions of yen)
 Value delivered (net sales) ¥1,641.3
Value created ¥22.2
Creditors
¥3.6 Interest expense
Business partners ¥1,358.4
Business costs (excluding costs for employees, society, and government)
Employees ¥249.3
Salaries, bonuses, etc.
Society ¥0.7
Social contribution expenses
Government ¥10.5
Income taxes–current
Amount after payments to business partners, employees, society, and government
(Fiscal 2019 figures)
  Shareholders ¥5.8 Dividends paid
 Internal, etc. ¥12.8 Increase in retained earnings during period
    Provide safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and goods by land, sea, and air
 Create clean energy
 Global Social Issues
 • Greater movement
of people and goods in step with globalization
• Heightened environ- mental risk
• Emerging countries: Insufficient social infrastructure
• Developed countries: Graying of society, shrinking working population
 Improve social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries
 Respond to the needs of
an aging society and shortage of labor through automation
     External Environment and Risks
Changes in Industrial Structures
•Technological innovation •The evolution of AI and IoT
•Climate Change
•Global warming
Major natural disasters
• Currency Fluctuations
Impact on revenue due to the Group’s large proportion of overseas sales
• Economic Trends
•Impact via capital expenditure Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
10 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 11

Social Value Created through Our Businesses
In fiscal 2017, in the process of identifying material issues* the Kawasaki Group designated four ways of creating social value through its businesses as its greatest priorities over the long term. These are providing safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and goods by land, sea, and air; creating clean energy; improving social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries; and responding to the needs of an aging society and
shortage of labor through automation. At the same time, management identified Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that the Group should contribute to and set non-financial targets to reach by 2030. Kawasaki will regularly disclose its progress toward these targets while working to maximize social value, achieve sustainable growth, and contribute to the realization of the SDGs. * For more information about material issues, please refer to page 1.

Contribute to a significant decrease in emissions of nitrogen oxide (NOx) and sulfur oxide (SOx) from ships by promoting the increased use of LNG-fueled ships. Develop and build large hydrogen-fueled liquefied hydrogen carriers to help realize
a CO2-emission free society.

Help to build better global transportation infrastructure by manu- facturing rolling stock that is safe and comfortable to ride in, high- ly reliable, highly cost efficient over its life cycle and energy saving to minimize the burden on the environment.

Provide air transportation systems combining excellent environ- mental performance with high safety and reliability.

Develop, manufacture, and deliver environmentally friendly motorcycles as well as models with “fun-to-ride” appeal and advanced rider-support features.

Provide equipment, such as hydrogen liquefaction and loading and unloading facilities, liquefied hydrogen carriers, and hydrogen-fuel gas turbines and contribute to the development of a hydrogen- powered society as a supplier of liquefied hydrogen transporta- tion infrastructure systems and packages.

A distinctive equipment, system, and plant manufacturer that uses technologies and boasts quality underpinned by sophisticated product development expertise, manufacturing technology, and engineering know-how to globally provide products and services that help realize a CO2-emission free, low environmental burden society and earn high customer satisfaction, mainly in the areas of energy and the environment.

Make Kawasaki hydraulic machinery and systems the global stan- dard and achieve stable production and supply. Support the devel- opment of next-generation construction machinery that is
human- and environment-friendly to contribute to the improve- ment of infrastructure, mainly in emerging countries. Promote the development and sale of energy-saving products, hydrogen-orient- ed products, and renewable energy-oriented products to contribute to the reduction of environmental burden. Combine new technolo- gies, such as ICT, IoT, and AI, with Kawasaki’s robot technology and hydraulic control technology to create new value.

Improve access to high-quality medical care through the develop- ment of medical robots in developed countries facing demographic graying and use robot technology to support medical supplies pro- duction, nursing and medical care, and the development of thera- pies and treatments that reduce the physical burden on patients. Develop such products as Successor (a skill transmission system), and humanoid and other robots, making them intelligent enough to help address labor shortages, mainly in developed countries.

Message from the President
We are ambitiously working to solve social issues, focusing always on markets and speed.
My Appointment as President
The world today faces many daunting problems, from climate change to poverty and the unequal distribution of wealth to U.S.—China trade friction. The COVID-19 pandemic has come on top of all these issues, growing from the end of 2019 and greatly affecting lives and economies around the world.
Amid these challenging circumstances, I took over as President of Kawasaki Heavy Industries in June 2020.
My predecessor, President Kanehana, worked to improve the financial discipline of Kawasaki’s internal companies and strengthen its head office functions under the banner of “Changing Forward.” He also focused on combining the technologies and expertise accumulated within the internal companies to generate new synergies.
During his tenure, Kawasaki created an internal SNS as a means of giving voice to diverse employee opinions, cre- ating an environment that facilitates lively expression and discussion. As Kawasaki’s new president, I see it as my duty to carry on these innovations while establishing a vision, putting it into action, and increasing the poten- tial of the entire Company.
Looking back on my own career, when beginning work on a new business, there has often been a major natural disaster, terrorist attack, or financial crisis, and each time I have had to overcome the resulting difficult circumstances. In the face of the current COVID-19 pan- demic, too, I feel that perhaps the mission bestowed upon me is to lead in a time of adversity.
  Yasuhiko Hashimoto
Representative Director, President and
Chief Executive Officer
Career Summary
1981 Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
In charge of industrial robot development, establishing the business of industrial robots for semiconductor manufacturing and establishing the medical robot development company Medicaroid Corporation, among other duties and projects
2018 Director, Managing Executive Officer, President, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
June 2020 Appointed Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
The impact on Kawasaki of the COVID-19 pandemic has been tremendous. Business environments that we spent years building up have transformed before our eyes. We must now ask ourselves how to prevail in the situation that we find ourselves in. I believe that the answer lines in a principle that I have long made my motto: Speed produces value and profit.
My faith in this principle derives from my own
business experience. I have been involved in the indus- trial robot business ever since joining Kawasaki. This business struggled for many years, and even the busi- ness of industrial robots for semiconductor manufac- turing, which we launched in 1995, faced an uphill battle at first. A latecomer to the field, we knew that to get the business on a growth track, we had to provide better value to customers than our competitors. The
Speed Produces Value
 Kawasaki Report 2020
15
   key to doing so was to provide the products customers needed as quickly as possible—in a word, speed.
Of course, focusing on speed meant revising our internal mechanisms and changing our team’s mindset. In a rapidly changing business area like semiconduc- tors, only manufacturers that swiftly respond to con- stantly evolving customer needs survive. If a customer came to us asking for a new product in six months, we did whatever we could to deliver it in six months, even if development would have normally taken a year.
I often liken this to a restaurant kitchen. No matter how high quality the ingredients, or how skillfully the food is prepared, the hungry customers who want to eat right now will leave, unsatisfied, if it takes hours to arrive.
For a customer, the difference between getting a product in six months and getting it in a year is enor- mous. By managing our organization and increasing speed to be able to meet customers’ preferred delivery schedules, we made our team strong.
 Innovation via Market-Oriented Thinking
Creating Synergies beyond the Bounds of the Internal Companies
What we learned from this experience was the importance of speed and, more broadly, of market-based thinking.
Speed in this sense does not mean waiting for cus- tomer requests and then frantically scrambling to meet them on time. Rather, reading market movements and preparing in advance are crucial. To that end, we must look not inward but outward, becoming finely attuned to changes in the market and the wider world as we aim to provide the things that customers and society need in a suitable form.
Shifting our perspectives to see things from the cus- tomer’s standpoint will, without fail, change the work we do. If everyone adopts this kind of thinking and focus on quick response, over time the Company as a whole will surely change.
In markets, those that can handle change survive. I believe that fostering a focus on speed and resilience to change throughout the Company is my first job as President.
One example of a focus on speed and market-oriented thinking is the automated PCR viral testing robot we are currently developing. This robot, under development by Medicaroid Corporation, our joint venture with Sysmex Corporation, will automatically
Simple, low-cost testing would be of immediate bene- fit to patient recovery and the reinforcement of the medical system while, more broadly speaking, provid- ing a significant contribution to society.
As things stand, there is no end to the COVID-19 pan- demic in sight. With no way to safely lift restrictions on travel and gatherings, the functioning of society and the economy will continue to suffer. Indeed, these restrictions impact all aspects of our lives—limiting our ability not only to travel, but to hold and attend par- ties, weddings, concerts, and sporting events. Rapid testing could help restore the safe movement of people. Testing at airport gates or the entrances to event ven- ues could allow all those who test negative to freely travel and partake in entertainment while ensuring that those who test positive receive timely care.
Making it possible to show in real time that individu- als are virus-free will help rebuild confidence and safe- ty in travel. This could help airlines and other transportation-related industries recover, in turn pro- viding a boon for Kawasaki, which manufactures the equipment used in such industries.
The Kawasaki Group operates across a wide range of fields spanning land, sea, and air, and some may won- der if speed-focused management is a poor fit for some of our businesses. It is true that in some fields, such as the aircraft industry, we have conventionally operated on a decades-long timescale. Even in fields like these, however, when the business environment suddenly changes, as with the COVID-19 pandemic, we are forced to slam on the brakes and turn sharply in response. Given the rapidly changing external environ- ment, we have to change the ways that all our busi- nesses function.
In addition to business development that emphasizes speed, combining the technologies of our internal com- panies to realize synergies and create new value will be key going forward. In that sense, I think that the very robotics technologies I’ve been involved with will be a bridge connecting our businesses.
Our automated PCR viral testing robots are an achievement realized by bringing together knowledge,
expertise, and technologies from multiple internal com- panies. Products created in this way will be able to tar- get customers outside the internal companies’ existing customer bases. By combining the technologies of the internal companies to meet market needs, we can thus cultivate new customers.
We are also accelerating the demonstration of the hydrogen supply chain. The Kawasaki Group is a world leader in many technologies, including such hydrogen technologies as those related to production and lique- faction plants, liquefied hydrogen carrier construction, liquefied hydrogen storage, and power generation. By combining these to realize synergy, we will make the safe, affordable, stable, and high-volume use of hydro- gen a reality, thereby contributing to the creation of a sustainable society. Going forward, as the use of hydro- gen fuel spreads and hydrogen-powered transporta- tion, such as fuel cell vehicles, becomes the norm, we expect to see synergies with all of our business areas.
  perform PCR viral testing, eliminating the risk of infec- tion for medical professionals while greatly reducing testing time. We began development in March 2020 and plan to introduce these robots for use soon. Given the urgent need to reduce the burden on health- care professionals and expand testing infrastructure to help curb the pandemic, we are putting the full strength of the Company into advancing the project in order to achieve results as quickly as possible.
Reading and Nimbly Responding to Changes in Society
  16 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 17
Remote-controlled automated PCR viral testing robot system
The COVID-19 pandemic has made the possibilities and limitations of working remotely a topic of increased interest, which I believe presents a major opportunity for our remote-controlled robots. While white-collar workers have been able to transition to a remote work environment relatively easily, the shift to remote work has lagged for those employed in factories and field operations. Kawasaki is proposing ways of doing these kinds of work remotely, which, until now, was thought to be unfeasible.
Successor, our skills transmission system launched in November 2017, allows humans and robots to collabo- rate via remote control. Using AI, the system can learn
the skills of expert engineers, which it can then convey to other operators via automated technology, realizing a new role for robots.
By enabling robots to learn the fine movements and techniques of expert engineers, this system enables of the use of robotics where it was previously impossible or impractical, such as workplaces where the position or layout of tasks is variable, or for small-lot products.
The remote execution of front-line operations can help keep workers out of harsh work environments that are hot or dusty. Using robotics for operations that were previously difficult to automate can also facilitate the handling of heavy objects, allowing older workers,

  who may have concerns about their physical strength, to continue utilizing their wealth of skills. Furthermore, by enabling, for example, women who have recently given birth to work remotely in the time they have free, we can help parents continue their careers while raising small children. The creation of remote factories has the potential to improve efficiency by several times, helping solve the problems of labor shortages and skills transmission that the manufacturing industry now faces.
Applying these remote control technologies to the plant business could enable remote plant maintenance, eliminating the need for engineers to travel to distant locations or expose themselves to dangerous conditions.
The Kawasaki Group’s technologies can also help with emergency preparedness, providing greater safety and security to people living in places like Japan, which is frequently affected by typhoons and earthquakes.
Our floating power plants—vessels that anchor off- shore and use natural gas to generate electricity for onshore areas—were developed as a new power source for emerging countries with still-developing power
infrastructure. These vessels could, however, also be sent to waters near areas affected by natural disasters to supply emergency power. Medical robots, too, are expected to contribute to remote medicine, including remote surgery. These technologies can help not only provide healthcare in medical deserts, but, if used on emergency medical vessels, provide rapid medical sup- port to disaster-stricken areas. The Kawasaki Group also boasts technologies with great potential for secur- ing mobility in times of disaster, such as ambulance helicopters and off-road utility vehicles that can tra- verse uneven terrain.
The key to tapping the Group’s potential is maintain- ing a mindset that is highly responsive to changes in society. Starting from there, if we shift our perspective to focus first on the wants and needs of markets and customers, there is no limit to the ways we can utilize the Group’s diverse technologies.
Of course, the selective focusing of resources will still be necessary. Going forward, however, alignment with the needs of customers and markets will be the stan- dard by which we make those decisions.
Trustworthy Solutions for the Future
  Enhancing Internal Communication
In accordance with Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, the Kawasaki Group works to build and continuously reinforce systems of corporate governance appropriate for a group operating global businesses. In fiscal 2020, to reinforce the Board of Directors’ oversight function, following approval by the General Meeting of Shareholders, Kawasaki transitioned to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee. Our Board of Directors now comprises 13 Directors (of whom, five are Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members), and the chairman serves as its presiding offi- cer, per resolution of the Board. We have appointed six Outside Directors (of whom, three are Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) who are independent from business execution, and eliminated overlap between the Directors and the officers
responsible for specific businesses (the internal compa- ny presidents) to further separate management over- sight and business execution and thereby reinforce the oversight function of the Board of Directors. The Audit & Supervisory Committee comprises five members, of whom three (more than half) are Outside Directors.
We also proactively communicate with capital mar- kets and carry out constructive, purposeful dialogue— engagement—with shareholders and other stakeholders in order to build enterprise value together.
Furthermore, to maintain society’s confidence, we are advancing ESG initiatives. In particular, as a signatory company to the United Nations Global Compact, Kawasaki supports the Compact’s 10 principles in the four areas of human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption and is reinforcing related initiatives accordingly.
The Kawasaki Group’s employees are, above all, sincere. We take pride in putting customer satisfaction first and ever striving toward it. However, this sincerity some- times results in a tendency to take too much time to deliver and to overengineer. Going forward, we must shift our mindsets to focus on further honing basic technologies while ambitiously working toward new technologies and seeing the value in speed.
To that end, I plan to proactively engage in dialogue with employees. I want to understand the pride they
take in manufacturing and promote the active exchange of opinions that will help produce profit. I’m sure that knowing that they can widen their scope beyond the bounds of their internal companies to conceive future businesses will stoke their ambition.
Demonstrating change from the top can have an especially great impact. Through ongoing communica- tion with employees, I will seek to understand the diffi- culties they face and show them how they can change to forge a clear path forward.
Aiming to Offer Solutions Based on Comprehensive Strength
As I have explained, going forward, the Kawasaki Group will take action to provide solutions faster. This is an important promise to our customers, our employees, and all our stakeholders. In line with this promise, we have established “Trustworthy Solutions for the Future” as our vision for 2030 (Group Vision 2030).
This vision expresses our commitment to making
available in a timely manner innovative solutions that accommodate an ever-changing society in order to cre- ate a hopeful future and surpassing organizational boundaries and taking up challenges to expand the hori- zons of our potential for further growth.
To achieve this vision, we are advancing innovation in our organizations, governance, and businesses.
 Corporate Governance and Engagement
 The battle against COVID-19 is expected to go on for some time. The resulting changes to the market envi- ronment are significant, and circumstances remain challenging. However, the Kawasaki Group has a corpo- rate culture developed over more than 120 years and a workforce with cutting-edge skills and powerful imagi- nations. By uniting the mindsets of every one of our employees, we will change our organizations, making them faster and more responsive. In this way, I have no doubt that we will safely ride out this storm.
To this end, it will be crucial to push further with making digital transformation (DX) and remote work the standard and to firmly establish a corporate culture of producing results in less time. Developing a culture that embraces diverse values by making it easier for employees to work while raising small children or
nursing family members and proactively hiring non- Japanese nationals will also be an indispensable part of corporate management going forward.
The Kawasaki Group will inevitably face difficulties if it is to continue to create new value and increase its enterprise value. To ensure that every employee has an appropriate sense of urgency as we work to overcome the present challenging situation, I intend to take the lead and demonstrate the kind of change we need.
To realize the Group Mission, “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet,” I will work to pass on to the next generation the philosophy of “contributing to the nation—to society—through expertise” espoused by Kawasaki founder Shozo Kawasaki while striving to increase enterprise value, ready to write a new page in the Kawasaki Group’s history.
  18 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 19

 Special Feature Kawasaki’s Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
  Automatic Body Temperature Checking System at Kawasaki Good Times World and Kawasaki Robostage
Kawasaki installed an automatic body temperature check- ing system using its duAro2, a dual-arm SCARA robot capa- ble of safely working together with humans, at the Kobe Maritime Museum/Kawasaki Good Times World (Kobe) and the Kawasaki Robostage robot showroom (Odaiba, Tokyo).
The automatic body temperature checking system uses a dual-arm robot equipped with a non-contact temperature sensor in its right hand. As each visitor enters, they posi- tion their forehead near the temperature sensor, then hold their hand in front of an operation-start sensor to have their body temperature checked. If the visitor's tempera- ture is below a predetermined limit, the robot lifts the bar- rier held in its left hand, allowing the visitor to enter. If the visitor's temperature exceeds the limit, a staff member is called to the entrance. The entire process is thus carried out using only contactless sensors, meaning there is no physical contact between employees and visitors, helping to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
The duAro2 is part of the duAro series, designed to safely collaborate with and work alongside humans. These highly
practical robots can learn through simple direct teaching* and are therefore used in a wide variety of situations and tasks. For safety, duAro robots’ arms are covered in a soft material, and if a robot does come into contact with a per- son during operation, the robot detects the collision and halts its movement.
* Direct teaching: A method of inputting movement instructions in which the operator directly moves the robot’s arms and the robot memorizes these movements.
 To help in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, the Kawasaki Group is advancing a number of product- and service-based initiatives, such as the development of automated PCR viral testing robots. At the same time, in consideration of employee health and safety, we are taking steps to promote new ways of working, such as expanding remote working and setting up “support offices.”
  Developing an Automated PCR Viral Testing Robot System
Medicaroid Corporation, a joint venture of Kawasaki and Sysmex Corporation, a major clinical testing equip- ment and reagent maker, is contributing to society by leveraging its unique strengths—expertise in both robot- ics and medicine—to develop and test an automated PCR viral testing robot system and other products in prepa- ration for additional waves of COVID-19 infection.
This automated PCR viral testing robot system con- sists of a robotic PCR test sample collection system and an automated PCR sample analysis system. The system helps prevent the secondary infection of doctors by enabling them to collect PCR test samples using a remote-controlled robot. This system leverages the technology of Kawasaki’s Successor remote-operated human-robot collaborative system unveiled in 2017. Furthermore, automating the analysis of PCR test sam- ples will enable the continuous 24-hour operation of testing centers. These systems will thus reduce the infection risk for and burden on medical professionals while preventing human error issues and alleviating medical professional shortages, thus significantly enhancing the PCR testing infrastructure.
The system can be compactly arranged to fit in mobile cargo container, making it easy to install and helping to save space. By enabling rapid testing via PCR test results to confirm that individuals are virus- free before they board airplanes or enter event venues, we aim to help restore the movement of people, great- ly contributing to the normal functioning of society.
Furthermore, we are developing support systems using mobile robots for use in coordination with this system. These systems will enable remote preparation for med- ical examinations, such asking patients basic questions, taking their temperature, and listening to their heartbeat, and share information, such as dietary or drug dosage records, helping alleviate nursing staff shortages.
PCR testing equipment
    Nucleic acid extraction
Reagent preparation
   Sample container opening and dispensing
 Transportable by trailer and easy to install
Automated PCR viral testing robot system
   PCR Testing Sample Collections Booths
The Energy System & Plant Engineering Company has begun producing PCR testing sample collection booths.
These sample collection booths are intended to prevent the infection of medical professionals via droplets transmitted from patients undergoing testing. The patient area is equipped with a UV sterilizing lamp to prevent patient-to-patient transmission, as well.
We have already delivered finished units to the Kobe Medical Association and Kawasaki Hospital, and three additional booths, with an upgraded design and additional functionality, are currently being built at Harima Works.
  Measures to Improve Ventilation in Rolling Stock
Train cars are ventilated using onboard air conditioning systems, by opening doors at stops, and by opening windows. Leveraging its extensive rolling stock design and pro- duction experience and air conditioning simulation technology, the Rolling Stock Company is advancing research into effective ventilation measures.
In response to requests from railway operators, we are looking into ways to improve ventilation by, for example, modifying window designs. Combining such improvements with simulations will enable Kawasaki to offer unique package solutions.
Air conditioning simulation
    Social Contribution
 The Energy System & Plant Engineering Company produced approximately 6,500 medical-use face shields and 15,900 medical gowns at Kobe Works and Harima Works in April and May 2020. These were donated to medical institutions to help prevent the spread of COVID-19.
In addition, Kawasaki Group company Kawaju Support Co., Ltd. lent and set up outpa- tient reception tents for Kawasaki Hospital in Kobe City free of charge in April 2020.
  Work Environments
 Approaching the need to prevent the spread of COVID-19 as an opportunity to revise work styles, Kawasaki is advancing new measures. In addition to expanding the range of employees eligible to work from home, we set up multiple “support offices” in the common spaces of Company dormitories and housing to provide alternative, socially distanced workspaces for employees who find it difficult to concentrate on work at home. We have also implemented such measures as adopting flexible work systems, such as staggered work hours and non-overlapping shifts, implementing hiring and training activities online, and reinforcing our network environments.
A “support office”
 20 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 21
Approx. 2.5 m
Approx. 12 m

 Special Feature Creating Value through Technological Innovation
Solving the Social Issues of the Future
In line with the philosophy of founder Shozo Kawasaki, “contributing to the nation—to society—through expertise,” the Kawasaki Group has built on a foundation of innovative technologies to develop new products for more than 120 years. In doing so, we have provided solutions to a wide range of social problems—for example, creating industrial robots that help reduce workers’ exposure to dangerous and unpleasant work conditions.
To provide innovative and timely solutions that satisfy constantly changing global markets and social needs, we are focusing on the business opportunities these changes create as we ambitiously work to rapidly create new value by, for example, making transportation equipment and industrial machinery more automated and autonomous to alleviate labor shortages.
  The Kawasaki Group’s Basic R&D Policy
The business segments and Corporate Technology Division thus work in close coordination to realize dramatic innovation while focusing on bringing together the Group’s accumulated wealth of trusted technologies and expertise to develop new products and businesses that will serve as solutions to future social issues. In doing so, we are creat- ing four types of social value: providing safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and goods by land, sea, and air; creating clean energy; improving social infra- structure, especially in emerging countries; and responding to the needs of an aging society and shortage of labor through automation.
The business segments and Corporate Technology Division work in close coordination, bringing together all available technologies and pursuing technological synergies to develop competitive new products and businesses in order to sustainably increase the enterprise value of the Kawasaki Group.
To increase profitability, we seek not only to increase the competitiveness of our products, but to create de facto stan- dards through early market development in such areas as the hydrogen supply chain and to strengthen our service busi- nesses, such as remote monitoring using Kawasaki products.
Furthermore, we are working to increase the sophistica- tion of the various operational processes that are the foun- dation of our businesses. Specifically, we are reinforcing total quality management (TQM), using digital transforma- tion (DX) to advance process visualization and improve pro- ductivity, strengthening our manufacturing capabilities using innovative new production technologies, reinforcing design capabilities leveraging the latest digital design tech- nologies, and advancing intellectual property activities in coordination with business strategy.
  Appearance of
New Values/Markets
Rapidly changing social needs Destructive innovation
Creating clean energy
Addressing Future Social Issues
Providing secure movement of people and goods
Future transportation systems
              Create New Value
Connected transportation systems
Dramatic Innovation
Future energy systems
Improving social infrastructure
Responding to labor shortages
Future robotics
      Remote track monitoring service
Liquid hydrogen carriers
Next-Generation Mainstay Products
     More Competitive Products
Next-generation jet engines
Aerospace Systems
Next-generation commercial aircraft
Future helicopters
Precision Machinery & Robot
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Hydrogen gas turbines
Transportation
          AUVs
Photo provided by JAEC
Small and mid-sized jet engines
Next-generation flagship model
CO2 separation systems
Standard rolling stock
Continuous Growth
              Skills transmission/ teaching robots
Autonomous industrial and service robots
Digital transformation (DX)
High pressure hydrogen gas valves
Innovative digital design
Reinforcing manufacturing capabilities
Future mobility
Next-generation high speed trains
Strategic use of intellectual property
             Robotically assisted surgical devices
Construction/agricultural machinery automation support systems
       22 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 23
©Rolls-Royce plc
Increasing process sophistication
Total quality management (TQM)
  
 Special Feature Realizing a Low-carbon Society
To address the problem of climate change, now so urgent as to be called the climate crisis, Kawasaki is focusing greater efforts than ever on reducing CO2 emissions through product-based contributions and reducing CO2 emissions from business activities to realize a low-carbon society. Making product-based contributions refers to providing products that emit little CO2 during use, such as Kawasaki-brand Green Products.1 We have achieved a certain emissions reduction effect through such contributions. In terms of CO2 emissions from business activities, we are advancing Company-wide efforts to save energy, as part of which we are working to improve the efficiency of our onsite power generation facilities.
 Particularly Notable Products That Contribute to Reducing CO2 Emissions During Use
  Aerospace Systems
BK117 D-2 helicopter
©Rolls-Royce plc Trent series jet engines (components)
Photo provided by Boeing Company
Boeing 787 (components)
     Energy System & Plant Engineering
Industrial-use gas turbines (M7A Series, etc.)
CK Mill crushing machine plant
E-series Rexpeller
     Precision Machinery & Robot
HST Motor M7V Series
High-pressure hydrogen regulators for fuel cell vehicles
   Spot Welding Robot (BX200L)
  Transportation
SOPass ship operation and performance analysis support system
efACE Standard Railcar
    Ninja 400/Ninja 250
Kawasaki Report 2020
25
  Reducing CO2 Emissions through Product-Based Contributions
Approximately 90% of the CO2 emitted during the life cycles of our products is released during the period of their use after they are sold. Therefore, Kawasaki seeks to realize a low-carbon society by providing products that produce only low CO2 emissions during their use.
To reduce products’ post-sale CO2 emissions, in addition to increasing product energy efficiency, we are advancing electrification and modal shifts when replacing existing products in our product lineup and expanding our lineup of products that utilize exhaust heat, waste, and renewable energy. Key products that help reduce CO2 emissions are shown on page 25. In fiscal 2017, we revised our rules for
calculating CO2 emissions reductions through product-based contributions in order to better quantify the contributions of such products to the mitigation of global warming.
Calculations based on these rules showed that the CO2 emissions reduction through products we sold in fiscal 2019 was about 23.1 million tons. Large contributions were made mainly by the M7A Series gas turbines for power generation, Kawasaki-brand Green Products boasting excel- lent reliability, economy, and environmental friendliness, and the M7V Series motors for HSTs,2 which boast world- leading output control.
  Approximately
23.1
million tons of CO2
Calculation Rules
Reduction of CO2 emissions through product-based contributions by business (million t-CO2)
Transportation 4.6
Aerospace Systems 4.9
 24
Kawasaki Report 2020
Fiscal 2019 Result (non-consolidated) Reduction of CO2 Emissions through
Product-based Contributions
Precision Machinery & Robot
4.8
Energy System & Plant Engineering
8.7
 • Products to be assessed: Kawasaki-brand Green Products, products that use waste, waste heat, and renewable energy, as well as cogeneration systems and rolling stock pertaining to modal shifts, etc., were selected for assessment.
• Period of assessment: Until fiscal 2016, we used a one-year period of assessment. However, in line with the revision of the calculation rules, since fiscal 2017, we have adopted a flow-based approach3 in which the period of assess- ment is the estimated useful life of products sold in the fiscal year, because the estimated useful lives of our products are long. This allows us to better calculate the difference in CO2 emissions between our products and industry stan- dard class products over the entire period of use.
1. The details of Kawasaki-brand Green Products are disclosed on Kawasaki’s website: http://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/green_products/index.html#2019item
We launched the Kawasaki-brand Green Products in-house registration program in 2013 for products that meet standards established by the Company related to energy efficiency and other factors. The number of registered products has continued increasing every year, reaching 61 in 2020.
2. HST: Hydrostatic transmission: A non-stage transmission comprising a hydraulic pump and hydraulic motors.
3. Please refer to the “Guideline for Quantifying Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Contribution” (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, March 2018).

   Reduction of CO2 Emissions from Business Activities
To reduce CO2 emissions from business activities, Kawasaki is implementing energy-saving initiatives based on energy-saving promotion structures for the Company as a whole and at each works.
One of the key strategies of the 10th Environmental Management Activities Plan is the proactive use of onsite power generation facilities that employ Kawasaki-brand Green Product gas turbines and gas engines as part of energy-saving efforts. Energy use accounts for much of the CO2 emitted by our business activities. Therefore, optimizing the use of electricity and steam from onsite power generation can help to greatly reduce our CO2 emissions. We are currently advancing efficiency improvements to existing onsite power generation facilities at the Akashi Works and
TCFD
other sites while examining opportunities for facility replacements or new installations.
The Akashi Works uses combined-cycle generation (24,700 kW), cogeneration (8,100 kW) and mono- generation (1,800 kW) with gas turbines to supply electricity and steam within the works, using an energy management system (EMS) to optimize operations and thereby reduce CO2 emissions. Based on the EMS’s demand predictions, we have created optimized opera- tional plans for each facility, reducing primary energy consumption by 4% (equivalent to approximately 3,000 t-CO2 annually). The EMS updates its demand forecasts every 30 minutes, enabling optimized control of the start and stopping of facility operations.
   Results Forecast
  Forecasts are updated every 30 minutes based on the latest results With each update, the EMS calculates and displays optimal load allocation
In September 2019, Kawasaki officially endorsed the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate- related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).*
In addition to advancing concrete initiatives aimed at the realization of a low-carbon society, such as efforts to reduce CO2 emissions from business activities and reduce CO2 emissions through product-based contributions, we will enhance disclosure to stakeholders, including that of risks and opportunities related to climate change, as specified in the TCFD recommendations.
* TCFD
The TCFD was established by the Financial Stability Board, an international body in which the central banks and financial regulatory agencies of many major countries take part. For institutional investors and financial institutions that practice ESG investment and finance, it is important that companies recognize risks and opportunities related to climate change and incorporate them into their management strategy. In light of the significance of such con- siderations, the TCFD has developed recommendations for the voluntary corporate disclosure of risks and opportunities related to climate change.
Real-time forecast display (showing load allocation for each facility)
  26
Kawasaki Report 2020
Special Feature Quality Control
The Kawasaki Group believes that the thorough implementation of total quality management (TQM) not only strengthens its quality control system but helps create flexible and robust organizations and processes that enable it to adapt to the continually changing business environment and continue to grow. We strive to resolve such Company-wide issues, mainly through the TQM Department estab- lished in fiscal 2019.
  TQM Initiatives
The serious incident related to the bogie frame of an N700 series Shinkansen railcar in 2017 made Kawasaki deeply reflect and reexamine its quality control system not only for the Rolling Stock division, but for the entire Company.
As a result, we decided to construct the Company- wide TQM-based quality control system to improve our quality control system’s robustness. Full-scale activities toward this end began in fiscal 2019.
Progress of Initiatives
The TQM framework is shown in the diagram below. TQM is not merely a quality control tool. It is a work- style reform model that considers and improves all operational processes, thereby comprehensively improving quality, cost, and lead time.
To promote better understanding of TQM, we held TQM seminars for the President and other top manage- ment and now provide TQM training for all employees. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, recent TQM training has been conducted online. All employees will receive such TQM training by the end of fiscal 2020.
Moreover, we are reconstructing the Company-wide quality control training system with programs custom- ized for specific positions and plan to start training under a new curriculum in fiscal 2020.
All business segments play a lead role in the TQM- based reform of their operational processes. The Head Office monitors their progress and the issues they face, providing support as needed.
To this end, TQM Department representatives visit
TQM Framework
We established the TQM Department at the Head Office, which oversees activities being spearheaded by Vice President Namiki. In addition, we have set up the Company-wide Quality Conference, where TQM promot- ers of each business segment meet. The conference enables close information exchange and helps ensure TQM policy compliance to expedite activities and improve their efficiency.
each business segment to evaluate TQM-based reform in detail against objective indicators. Based on the results of these evaluations, the TQM Department closely dis- cusses measures with the business segments. These dis- cussions are reflected in its future TQM-based reform.
More than a year has now passed since the launch of these activities, and understanding of TQM has steadily deepened within each business segment.
Concrete and result-producing measures related to each element of TQM have been advancing. These include new product development management allow- ing for the clear definition of process flow using a qual- ity assurance system chart; policy management to ensure the proper implementation of top management policies by staff in each position; and standardization and daily management aimed at facilitating the moni- toring of practical operations and identifying and improving problems. Going forward, we will strive to accelerate these advances and further strengthen the Company-wide quality control system.
      Basic techniques
 Quality/reliability
 Improvement procedures
 Process standardization
 Statistical quality control
Reforms and improvements Policy management Activities supported by small groups to make improvements
Quality management education
Quality assurance
Product development management Process assurance
Maintenance and stabilization
Activity elements
Standardization
Day-to-day management Activity elements
    Purpose principles
 Means principles
 Organizational operation principles
Basic principles Techniques
Kawasaki Report 2020
27

  Special Feature
Financial Strategy
 Through management focused on Kawasaki-ROIC and total optimization, we will enhance our financial stability and sustainably create enterprise value
Katsuya Yamamoto
Representative Director,
Vice President and Senior Executive Officer, Assistant to the President, in charge of Finance & Accounting, Human Resources, Sustainable Development, Investor Relations and Corporate Communication
Financial Management during the COVID-19 Pandemic
we consolidated the 28 BUs into 14 business divisions and appointed divisional heads charged with oversee- ing their business execution. For ROIC-focused man- agement to function effectively, each of these divisional heads must advance management with strong leadership and commitment. In particular, they must implement management with a sense of owner- ship. We will ensure that they are capable of doing so by delegating authority so that they can take neces- sary risks within the limits imposed by their division- al equity and financial base in order to quickly and precisely achieve results and by encouraging further selective concentration of resources within their respective business divisions. To reinforce the over- sight of management within the business divisions from a Company-wide perspective, in June 2020
Kawasaki transitioned to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee. The separation of business execution from management oversight will help us further advance the selective concentration of man- agement resources.
Furthermore, in preparation for these changes, we implemented structural reforms in April 2019, estab- lishing the Corporate Control Department, Finance Department, and Accounting Department under the Finance and Control Division. We also reinforced coor- dination between the administrative departments of the internal companies and the Corporate Planning Division of the Head Office, creating an organizational structure that is better able to enforce financial discipline.
 Cash Flows Created through Total Optimization
 The COVID-19 pandemic represents an unprecedented crisis for the global economy. The Kawasaki Group’s businesses have been impacted in many ways, from lost sales opportunities to delays in business negotia- tions and supply chain disruptions. The Aerospace Systems business, in particular, has been hit hard, reflecting the rapid decrease in passenger demand, and Kawasaki expects to record an operating loss for fiscal 2020.
Our highest priority in responding to the current emergency situation is securing liquidity on hand. To this end, we increased our limit on cash on hand at the end of fiscal 2019, issued bonds, and expanded
our commitment lines. By doing so, I believe we have secured adequate liquidity on hand, which is indis- pensable to business continuity.
However, these measures have also increased our interest-bearing debt, so we are working to rein in cash outflows and improve cash management. Specifically, we are being more careful when selecting projects that require the investment of management resources, avoiding holding excess inventory, reducing fixed costs, and reducing total assets. As we take these steps, we are aiming to improve the D/E ratio to the 70% to 80% range, which we believe is an appro- priate level in light of the Group’s business risks.
The organizational reforms aimed at separating busi- ness execution from management oversight and rein- forcing financial discipline play an important role in ensuring that ROIC-focused management contributes to enterprise value. However, for the Kawasaki Group, with its many businesses and their diverse business cycles, to create even greater enterprise value, those businesses must quickly and comprehensively com- bine their resources to produce innovation and solu- tions to social issues and advance business creation in ways that specialized businesses cannot do alone.
Currently, one priority initiative of the Kawasaki Group is leveraging Group technologies, products, and services to create solutions to the challenges faced by society due to the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, considering the ways the pandemic is changing the world we live in, we are working to expand the use of remotely operated robots to enable remote work in both offices and production sites, and, leveraging
those robotics technologies, developing an automatic PCR viral testing robot system that can be used at air- ports and other facilities. By bringing together the diverse technical backgrounds within the Kawasaki Group and working with other companies and organi- zations, we aim to deliver these solutions to society faster than ever before. Such initiatives not only have a positive effect in terms of solving social issues, but are expected to improve the Group’s medium- and long-term cash flows.
To bring out the value of the Group that is present in its diverse businesses, we are advancing the shar- ing of business strategy based on Kawasaki’s analysis of mega-trends between the head office divisions and internal companies, promoting management visualization that leverages digital transformation (DX) technologies and bolstering all our initiatives through total optimization.
  Enhancing Kawasaki-ROIC Management
Realizing both Shareholder Returns and Corporate Growth
The Kawasaki Group operates a diverse range of busi- nesses with distinct business cycles, including the Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, Precision Machinery & Robot, Ship & Offshore Structure, Rolling Stock, and Motorcycle & Engine businesses. The distribution of cash sources that this diversity of businesses creates has a particu- larly beneficial stabilizing effect in the current emer- gency situation.
However, operating diverse businesses also makes management more complex, and maintaining disci- pline across all our business units (BUs) can be diffi- cult. In light of this, in fiscal 2000 we adopted Kawasaki-ROIC Management, in which we use BU-level
ROIC to evaluate management performance, allocate resources, and decide compensation. Of course, simply adopting ROIC-focused management is not, in itself, sufficient to increase competitiveness. The important thing is to carefully examine the issues that arise in the course of such management and implement improvements accordingly on a continuous basis. The Kawasaki Group is implementing several ongoing ini- tiatives to enhance the effectiveness of Kawasaki- ROIC Management.
One of these is “balancing autonomous business management and Company-wide corporate gover- nance,” which is the basic policy of the Medium-Term Business Plan 2019 (fiscal 2019–2021). In April 2020,
The Kawasaki Group positions increasing enterprise value—that is, the stable creation of profit in excess of capital cost into the future—as its fundamental man- agement policy. Furthermore, continuously investing in the cutting-edge R&D and innovative capital expen- diture necessary for future growth and thereby returning profits to shareholders by enhancing share- holder value over the long term is one of our material management issues.
We seek to maintain a good balance between enhancing shareholder value and returning profits to shareholders through dividends. Based on a compre- hensive examination of both the outlook for future earnings and the Company’s financial condition, including free cash flow and D/E ratio, and with an
eye to maintaining stable dividends, we have set a medium-to-long-term consolidated payout ratio stan- dard of 30% (calculated against profit attributable to the owners of the parent).
The Kawasaki Group has been greatly impacted by the stagnation of the global economy caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. As such, giving priority to secur- ing liquidity on hand, we decided not to pay a year- end dividend for fiscal 2019. By further accelerating initiatives to reinforce the financial base, enhance ROIC-focused management, and promote total optimi- zation, we will strive to achieve recovery as quickly as possible while working toward enterprise value creation over the medium and long terms.
28 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 29
 
  Special Feature
Human Resource Strategy
 We aim to create vibrant organizations that continuously enhance the abilities of all employees, foster cooperation, and produce results
Kouzou Tomiyama
Executive Officer
General Manager, Human Resources Division
Leveraging Our Most Important Asset—People
with wide-ranging insights, from the Robot Business Division as well as other internal companies, are taking part in the this project, exercising the full extent of their expertise and experience to help meet the needs of society by helping to keep the economy functioning during a pan- demic. We are seeing signs of change throughout the Company as, through efforts like this, employees work together at the project level, experiencing the possibility of innovation at a faster pace, and then take that experience back and apply it in their own divisions.
To thus horizontally combine the cutting-edge technolo- gies and expertise of each division and realize synergy, we need an organization that will encourage regular, active personnel exchanges between the internal companies on an
ongoing basis. In August 2020, we established the Project Promotion Office, under the direct control of the President, to fulfill this role by promoting Company-wide, cross- division projects. The goal of our human resource strategy, which the new office advances, is to create environments that facilitate the open exchange of human resources across organizational boundaries, encourage proactive, ambitious efforts on the part of employees, and quickly achieve results from such efforts. By recognizing the value of proactive, ambitious efforts to take on new challenges, even if they end in failure, we make it easier for employees to achieve better results the next time. Our human resourc- es divisions help motivate employees to this end through appropriate systems and evaluations.
 The Virtuous Cycle of K-Win Activities and Human Resource Strategy
 The Kawasaki Group operates businesses across a uniquely wide range of fields, from movement by land, sea, and air to technologies for use in space and the deep sea. The founda- tions underpinning these diverse businesses are none other than our human resources. We regard our employees—the source of the added value the Group provides—as our most
important asset for achieving the Group Mission. Securing, training, and effectively utilizing human resources so that they can develop and exercise their potential to the fullest is indispensable to solving management issues and realizing our future vision. This overarching conviction is positioned as our human resource strategy.
Such initiatives will, obviously, require changes in employ- ee mindsets. In 2016, we launched K-Win Activities (short for Kawasaki Workstyle Innovation Activities), focused on realizing better workstyles, with the aims of keeping employees highly motivated and enhancing the competi- tiveness of the Group as a whole. Through these activities, we have advanced initiatives aimed at promoting work-life balance, increasing the productivity of administrative and technical personnel, and reducing long working hours. Since fiscal 2018, we have expanded K-Win activities
from a focus on workstyle reforms to include initiatives to transform our corporate culture and operations, and we are now further expanding them to encompass activities relat- ed to fostering a corporate culture aimed at achieving the Group Vision and developing and transforming individuals’
Further Promoting Diversity
Promoting diversity requires making maximum use of the unique abilities of each employee. The key here is to ensure that every employee recognizes that organizations with diversity are best at adapting and surviving. Mutual recognition and respect among diverse individuals with differing ideas and values will lead to greater professional fulfillment and motivation, creating a virtuous cycle.
Going forward, we will continue to promote diversity and inclusion, including efforts to increase the proportions of
Having defined Group Vision 2030, the Kawasaki Group now has the opportunity to transform into a better version of itself. Responding to the COVID-19 pandemic has provid- ed an impetus to examine many issues that we would have had to address eventually. For example, the increased use of remote working has helped clarify the need for frame- works to support new approaches to work that do not nec- essarily assume that employees will all be working at the same place or time.
The Kawasaki Group’s many technological innovations,
mindsets. K-Win activities begin with employees asking themselves what they can do to share a mindset of boldly taking on change throughout the Company. Key individuals from each division gather ideas that then lead to new, con- crete initiatives. Even when these ideas yield little prog- ress, they provide valuable experience, showing employees that they themselves have the power to change mindsets and environments. As a result, employees throughout the Company have begun to more proactively offer sugges- tions, which I feel is a sign of growing momentum toward transformation. The continuation of the K-Win activities will, I think, have a positive impact on the uptake of the various human resource measures being implemented under our human resource strategy.
women and non-Japanese nationals among our employees, promoting the productive work of the elderly and persons with disabilities, and supporting LGBT employees. By doing so, we will work to build workplaces where diverse human resources can express their individuality and exercise their abilities. Making the Kawasaki Group an appealing place to work that is rich in diversity will surely help attract out- standing people who will want to work there in the future.
revolutionary products, and achievements in developing new markets have all been made possible by its people. Going forward, to realize effective, productive work styles while keeping people at the center, we will revise internal regulations and systems, create work systems for the new normal conditions with COVID-19, and use one-on-one meetings to enhance communication and build relation- ships of trust between supervisors and their subordinates. Through these and other measures, we will promote the continued growth of individuals and the Kawasaki Group.
Kawasaki Report 2020 31
 A Human Resource Strategy That Boosts Speed and Innovation
Backed by strong relationships of trust with customers, Kawasaki’s businesses are capable of providing a stable flow of products and services over the long term. To sup- port these businesses, we have built and operated human resource systems designed to fit their needs. Right now, such technologies as AI and IoT are evolving rapidly, and sources of profit are rapidly shifting as markets continually change. The COVID-19 pandemic has only accelerated these trends. In this new environment, we must quickly under- stand customer needs, which are changing faster than ever, and integrate knowledge and ideas from within and outside the Company to quickly provide the solutions that society
needs. To this end, our human resource strategy must func- tion in close coordination with our management strategy to continually produce the human resources who will support the Company through these changes.
Specifically, current tasks under our human resource strategy include motivating every employee to continually expand their own role; reinforcing the communication needed to exercise and grow diverse abilities; recognizing the value of and rewarding ambitious, forward-looking efforts; and systematically developing human resources capable of leading in times of change.
   Group Vision 2030 and Human Resource Strategy
Looking to the future beyond “Changing Forward,” the Kawasaki Group has established “Trustworthy Solutions for the Future” (Group Vision 2030) as its vision for 2030. This vision encompasses our goal of realizing a Kawasaki that is capable of quickly responding to change to deliver new added value and highly attuned to developments in the wider world from the perspectives of markets, social issues, and customers, as well as our desire to realize ideal ways of working for ourselves.
In terms of our people and organizations, our vision is to 30 Kawasaki Report 2020
realize people and organizations that quickly respond to environmental changes and continually proactively change and take on new challenges as well as organizations that utilize effective work styles to maximize results. We are working to foster the exchange of people and insight across internal companies and a culture of quickly acting and tak- ing on challenges.
One example of such efforts is the project focused on developing a PCR viral testing robot system that we are currently advancing toward commercialization. Employees
Developing People and Organizations that Grow Toward the Realization of the Group Vision
 
  Business Strategy
  Aerospace Systems
Main Products
• Aircraft for the Japan Ministry of Defense • Missiles/Space equipment • Jet engines
• Parts for commercial aircraft • Aerospace gearboxes
• Commercial helicopters
Hiroyoshi Shimokawa
President, Aerospace Systems Company
Vision
A leading company that consistently creates new value for the world through
Operating Environment and Strategies
Global air passenger and air freight volume were expected to expand over the medium to long term, reflecting economic growth in emerging countries, but in fiscal 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic caused passen- ger demand to fall sharply, and recovery in the com- mercial aircraft and jet engine markets is expected to take several years. In this business environment, we will work toward further improvement in productivity and efficiency while aiming for quick recovery in busi- ness performance by implementing a variety of new initiatives (such as pursuing automatic PCR viral testing systems) not bound by our conventional businesses.
In the defense aircraft sector, we will move steadily toward mass production of the P-1 patrol aircraft and C-2 transport aircraft while seeking to capture orders for modernized and derivative types of aircraft. We will also export defense equipment in line with government policy.
In the commercial aircraft sector, we will work to improve productivity and efficiency in response to decreased aircraft demand while advancing considerations of participation in next-generation aircraft programs.
In the jet engine division, we will work to further sta- bilize quality, reduce costs, and reinforce supply chains for projects in which we already participate while adopting IoT and other advanced technologies to improve productivity.
We will further reinforce our technological strengths in compressors, combustors, and gears—strategic com- ponents for Kawasaki—and use these strengths as a foundation for participating in new projects. In addi- tion, we aim to gradually secure engine maintenance capabilities with a view to entering the MRO business.
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Aerospace Systems Company has designated as its vision for 2030 providing air transportation systems combining excellent environmental performance with excellent safety and reliability. To achieve this vision, we are participating in the development of Boeing 787 and 777X aircraft as well as jet engines, such as the Trent series and PW1100G-JM, to contribute to the steady supply of low fuel consumption aircraft and low fuel consumption engines. We will also focus on the production and sale of the BK117 low-noise helicopter, which is expected to be used in firefighting, disaster response, and ambulance services. Furthermore, we aim to participate in the joint international development of new, environmentally conscious aircraft and engines and thereby contribute to environmental improvement.
  excellent aerospace technologies and Opportunities
monozukuri manufacturing quality Risks
  Defense Aircraft
• Sustained domestic defense equipment development and production
• Prospects of defense equipment exports
Defense Aircraft
Commercial Aircraft
Jet Engines
• Reduced equipment prices due to defense budget streamlining
• Slow recovery in passenger demand due to COVID-19
• Fiercely competitive environment, reflecting com- petition for market share between Boeing and Airbus
• Rise of manufacturers in emerging countries
• Slow recovery in passenger demand due to COVID-19
• Development risks related to introducing cutting- edge technologies
Commercial •Medium-tolong-termgrowthinair
Aircraft Jet Engines
passenger and air freight volume, in line with economic growth in emerging countries
• Increase in demand as a result of long-term growth in the commercial aircraft market
 Core Competence
Aircraft
Jet Engines
• Technological capabilities as a manufacturer of finished aircraft acquired through the defense aircraft business (system integration capabilities)
• Technological capabilities based on international joint development with Boeing, and sophisticated, large-scale production facilities
• High quality and productivity through the Kawasaki Production System (KPS)
• Sophisticated technological capabilities built through international joint development projects and
developing engines for defense aircraft
• High quality and productivity through leading-edge production technology
Business Direction
Defense Aircraft Commercial Aircraft Jet Engines
■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
498.9 469.5 431.6
• Steady progress on existing development projects and production contracts
• Expand orders for new projects
• Improve productivity and efficiency in response to decreased aircraft demand
• Consider participation in next-generation aircraft projects
• Secure inclusion in new engine projects by improving development capabilities
• Provide additional development and production for projects in which we are already participating • Consider entering the maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) business
• Provide environmentally conscious aircraft, helicopters, and engines and participate in new programs
• Produce components for Boeing 787
• Sales of BK117 units: Produce finished units and components
• Produce components for Trent 1000, Trent XWB and PW1100G-JM low fuel consumption engines
•
 Goals for fiscal 2021
 Fiscal 2019 Results
           532.5
■ Operating Income
(Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin 8.0%
6.5% 7.0% 42.7
● Before-tax ROIC
7.8% 8.0%
5.0%
Components for Boeing 787: 167 units sold
• Sales of BK117 units: One finished unit and 83 components
• Produce components for the Trent 1000, Trent XWB, and PW1100G-JM low fuel consumption engines
Trent XWB
©Rolls-Royce plc
 463.9 414.9
      30.8
32.6
     32 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 33
2017 2018
2017 2018 2019 (FY)
* The results for fiscal 2017 shown above have been restated to reflect company reorganization in April 2018.
2019 (FY)
2017 2018 2019
(FY)
BK117 D-2 helicopter

  Business Strategy
  Energy System & Plant Engineering
Main Products
Energy
Plant
Marine machinery
• Gas turbine cogeneration systems • Gas and diesel engines for power generation • Steam turbines • Aerodynamic machinery • Boiler plants • Combined cycle power plants
• Industrial plants (cement, fertilizer, and others) • LNG tanks • Municipal waste incineration plants • Material handling systems • Tunnel boring machines • Crushing machines
• Marine gas turbines/reduction gear • Marine reciprocating engines • Marine propulsion systems
Tatsuya Watanabe
President, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
  Vision
A distinctive equipment, system, and plant manufacturer that uses technologies and boasts quality underpinned by sophisticated product development expertise and engineering know-how to globally provide products and services that help protect the environment and earn high customer satisfaction, mainly in the areas of energy and the environment.
Opportunities Risks
Operating Environment and Strategies
In the energy sector, demand for gas-fired power genera- tion is expanding, and distributed power generation needs are also increasing, especially in Asia. In the plant sector, we anticipate stable domestic and overseas demand, reflecting infrastructure development and heightened inter- est in environmental protection, especially in emerging countries, including those in Southeast Asia. Furthermore, in the marine propulsion sector, demand is expected to grow in areas related to improving environmental perfor- mance, including reducing greenhouse gas emissions, as well as improving safety, reducing the need for specialized skills, and increasing the efficiency of ship operations. However, some customers are revising or delaying their capital expenditure decisions due to the COVID-19 pan- demic, price competition remains intense, and reinforcing cost competitiveness will be a task going forward.
In this operating environment, we aim to secure orders by providing unique, high-value-added products and strengthening our sales systems and maintenance and after-sales services. When bidding for orders, we will be more selective, emphasizing profitability over scale. We will also reinforce quality assurance and risk management systems to reduce costs from defective products and improve profitability.
Furthermore, aiming to expand sales of the CCPP standard package, which combines a Kawasaki gas turbine, steam tur- bine, and waste heat recovery boiler, we will reinforce our overseas sales systems. We are also advancing investment in hydrogen-related projects and product development aimed at future business growth and the realization of a carbon-free society. To this end, we plan to begin operations of a pilot hydrogen supply chain by the end of 2020.
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Energy System & Plant Engineering Company has des- ignated as its vision for 2030 being a distinctive equip- ment, system, and plant manufacturer that uses technologies and boasts quality underpinned by sophisticated product development expertise, manufacturing technology, and engineering know-how to globally provide products and services that help realize CO2-free energy and reduce envi- ronmental burden while earning high customer satisfaction, mainly in the areas of energy and the environment.
To achieve this vision, we aim to advance both economic growth and environmental protection by providing energy- saving, highly resource-efficient equipment, such as gas turbines that realize the world’s highest level of efficiency and environmental performance, gas engines that realize the world’s highest level of performance, and other power generation facilities. Specifically, we are working to com- bine core products and incorporate in-house know-how, reinforce our ability to handle overseas projects, and create new solutions while concentrating management resources on the hydrogen business and advancing the development of products that contribute to decarbonization. We will con- tribute to infrastructure improvement by providing such products as tunnel boring machines and cryogenic storage facilities while also contributing to environmental protec- tion in urban areas through deliveries of energy-saving waste incinerators, water treatment facilities, desulfuriza- tion/denitrification devices, and other systems.
    • Growing demand for energy and infrastructure in emerging and resource-rich countries
• Growing demand for distributed gas-fueled power generation facilities prompted by lower LNG fuel prices
• Tightening environmental regulations
• Demand for CO2-free power generation facilities for new
installations and facility replacement
Core Competence
• Delayed projects due to a viral pandemic or pro- longed slump in price of oil
• Weakening investment incentive paralleling eco- nomic slowdowns in emerging countries and resource-rich countries
• Prolonged slump in the shipping market
 • Ability to provide solutions leveraging synergy from combining Kawasaki-brand products, such as the combined cycle power plant (CCPP) standard package, which combines a gas turbine, steam turbine, and waste heat recovery boiler, as well as gas engine/gas turbine hybrid projects
• Environment-friendly technologies and development capabilities in core products and systems as well as compre- hensive engineering capabilities developed through wide-ranging projects
• Locally rooted sales system leveraging overseas sites Business Direction
• Create new technologies, products, and added value that contributes to reducing environmental burden
• Reinforce project responsiveness by effectively utilizing and sharing resources
• Advance overseas business development through initiatives closely tailored to local communities and customers and build a foundation for future earnings growth
• Expand supply of Kawasaki’s power plants, which boast world-class generating efficiency and power-saving performance, in Southeast Asia, where electricity demand is growing rapidly, to meet needs for economic
• development and greater environmental friendliness in emerging countries
• Develop products with greater environmental burden alleviating effects and respond to environmental regulations
Advance development of hydrogen gas turbines that contribute to CO2 emissions reduction
• Deliveries of power generation facilities to overseas customers: 14 units • Deliveries of gas-to-gasoline (GTG) plants: 1 unit
100 MW-class combined cycle power plant developed by Kawasaki
   Goals for fiscal 2021
 Fiscal 2019 Results
       ■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
223.7
2017
252.3 253.0 242.9
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
4.5%
3.0%
11.6
7.6
7.2%
17.5
● Before-tax ROIC
8.0% 9.3%
  263.5 251.6
10.4%
         34 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 35
2018 2019
2017 2018
2017 2018
(FY)
2019
(FY)
2019 (FY) * The results for fiscal 2017 shown above have been restated to reflect company reorganization in April 2018.
Gas-to-gasoline (GTG) plant

  Business Strategy
  Ship & Offshore Structure
•
LPG carriers
•
LNG carriers
•
Bulk carriers
•
Jetfoils
•
Submarines
Main Products
Ichiro Kono
President, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
Vision
A shipbuilding and offshore structure engineering group pursuing innovation in cutting-edge fields with a focus on hydrogen technologies and low-temperature, high-pressure gas technology, submarine technology, and overseas projects.
Opportunities Risks
Operating Environment and Strategies
For two years—fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016—this busi- ness segment booked sizable losses, prompting struc- tural reforms led by the president. While the submarine business has been steady, the merchant ship business has faced a harsh operating environment reflecting excess construction capacity worldwide as well as a confluence of aggressive price competition by large shipyards in China and South Korea and stalled busi- ness negotiations due to uncertainty about the global economic outlook caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
However, as environmental regulations continue to tighten going forward, demand for gas-related vessels, an area of strength for Kawasaki, is expected to increase. Kawasaki will continue to focus on gas-related vessel building, reinforcing its engineering capabilities and advancing business operations centered on integrated operations with its joint ventures in China to improve profitability. In addition, we will pursue the development and sales expansion of our ship operation and perfor- mance analysis support system (SOPass), which combines ship-related knowledge accumulated by Kawasaki with big data technology, as well as our fuel gas supply sys- tems (FGSSs), which leverage our gas-related technolo- gies. Furthermore, we will accelerate the development of large commercial liquefied hydrogen carriers.
In the submarine business, we will reinforce our R&D framework, aiming to secure orders for next-generation submarines. At the same time, we will apply our accu- mulated wealth of submarine-related technologies to the development of such products as autonomous under water vehicles (AUVs).
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Ship & Offshore Structure Company is contributing to environmental conservation by promoting the spread of LNG-fueled ships and developing and build- ing large hydrogen-fueled liquefied hydrogen carriers. Compared with heavy oil, the use of LNG enables sub- stantial reductions in emissions of atmospheric pollut- ants, such as nitrogen oxide (NOx) and sulfur oxide (SOx). By developing and building a variety of LNG- fueled vessels, we are helping to meet NOx and SOx emissions regulations for ships to prevent air pollution over the sea. Furthermore, we are providing our LNG- fueled propulsion systems for ships constructed by other shipbuilders, and working to commercialize FGSSs to promote the operation of environmentally friendly LNG-fueled vessels around the world. We are also developing high-capacity liquefied hydrogen carri- ers. As hydrogen emits no CO2 when used as fuel, it is the ultimate in clean energy. By commercializing the world’s first ships that can economically carry large volumes of hydrogen, Kawasaki will promote the spread of hydrogen energy and contribute to the realization of a CO2 emission-free society. In addition, we are devel- oping hydrogen-fueled ship propulsion systems.
    • Increasing demand for vessels with low environmental burden due to tightened environmental regulations
• Recovery in carrier demand owing to growing demand for LNG and LPG
• Greater automation using IoT and AI
• Expanding operations to meet needs for an increasing
fleet of submarines
Core Competence
• Increasingly fierce competition with China and South Korea
• Prolonged slump in shipping market
• Stalling of business talks due to the COVID-19 pandemic
or prolonged slump in fuel prices
 • Low-temperature and high-pressure gas-related technologies accumulated through the development and construc- tion of LNG and LPG carriers
• Quality and cost competitiveness of the overall Group, including Chinese joint ventures (NACKS, DACKS*)
• Energy-saving, environmental burden-reducing technologies, and ability to develop new ship designs
• Sophisticated technology specific to submarines
* NACKS, DACKS: Shipbuilding joint ventures established in Nantong, Jiangsu Province and Dalian, Liaoning Province, with China COSCO Shipping Corporation
Limited (China COSCO)
Business Direction
• Integrated operation of the Sakaide Works, NACKS and DACKS • Accelerate new product development and commercialization • Steadily advance liquefied hydrogen carrier development
    • Complete construction of a small liquefied hydrogen carrier (pilot ship)
• Complete the development and commercialization of FGSSs
• Receive multiple orders for LNG-fueled ships
• Receive orders for FGSSs
• December 2019: Developed LNG dual-fuel system for medium-sized tankers, and for a tanker built by
• another company using this system received approval in principle (AiP)
• December 2019: Launched a small liquefied hydrogen carrier
March 2020: Installed a liquefied hydrogen storage tank for marine transport on the small liquefied hydrogen carrier
 Goals for fiscal 2021
 Fiscal 2019 Results
       ■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
● Before-tax ROIC
-23.4%
-21.3%
103.2
81.1 78.9
56.2
36.9
4.7
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 36 Kawasaki Report 2020
-3.8 -3.9%
-21.4 -20.7%
1.3% 1.0
-0.6 -0.8%
3.2%
1.4%
95.6
    71.6
     2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Liquefied hydrogen carrier
Jetfoil
Kawasaki Report 2020 37

  Business Strategy
  Rolling Stock
Main Products
Kazutoshi Honkawa
President, Rolling Stock Company
•
Electric train cars, including Shinkansen (bullet trains)
•
Electric and diesel locomotives
•
Passenger coaches
•
Bogies
Vision
The world’s most trusted rolling stock system supplier, moving and inspiring customers worldwide based on strong teamwork and the highest level of technology and quality.
Opportunities Risks
Operating Environment and Strategies
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the number of rail pas- sengers in Japan has declined, and railway companies are revising their investment plans. Meanwhile, delays are emerging in the construction of new rail lines over- seas. Nevertheless, railway systems are an environmen- tally friendly mode of public transportation and necessary to daily life, and stable demand growth is expected over the long term due to urban transportation development to address congestion and environmental issues in major cities. These issues arise from continued urbanization around the world as well as rising demand for railway infrastructure accompanying economic development in Asian countries.
In this operating environment, the Rolling Stock busi- ness is working to improve profitability through enhanced competitiveness in areas other than price and business model reform while reinforcing product man- agement and enhancing quality control. Furthermore, based on a policy of putting quality before quantity, we will focus on projects in which we can demonstrate Kawasaki’s superiority while expanding recurring reve- nue businesses in and outside Japan, aiming to increase profitability, which has been an issue.
In the North American market, we will steadily fulfill existing orders from such customers as the MTA New York City Transit. We will also work to build a stable revenue base by commercializing track monitoring using IoT and focusing on such businesses as components, repair and rebuild, and maintenance.
In this market, we will seek business expansion through such means as securing orders for projects financed by ODA loans in emerging countries in line with the Japanese government’s policies of promoting exports of railway infrastructure.
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Rolling Stock Company has designated as its vision for 2030 helping to build better global transportation infrastructure by manufacturing rolling stock that is safe and comfortable to ride in, highly reliable, highly cost efficient over its life cycle, and energy saving to mini- mize the burden on the environment. To this end, we will promote participation in high-speed train projects at home and abroad and continue to provide rolling stock to customers in Japan, North America, and Asia while seek- ing to participate in projects to build new rolling stock infrastructure in emerging Asian countries. At the same time, we will develop a diverse lineup of more environ- mentally friendly products, including locomotives, elec- tric train cars, and diesel railcars. In addition, to better meet customer needs, we will further develop monitoring technologies that combine sensing, image analysis, and IoT technologies; work to maintain and improve safety and dependability; improve train maintenance efficiency; and contribute to the realization of train systems boast- ing excellent cost efficiency over their entire life cycle.
    • Firm replacement demand in the domestic market
• Demand for urban transportation development in emerging
countries in Asia
• Stable demand for subway and commuter train systems in the North American market
• Expanding recurring demand, including that for components, maintenance, and repair and rebuild work across markets
Core Competence
• Intensifying price competition due to the entry of com- peting manufacturers into the North American market
• Country risk in new markets for Kawasaki
• Revisions to investment plans by railway companies
due to the COVID-19 pandemic
 • High-tech expertise built on comprehensive heavy industry strengths
• Ability to fulfill contracts cultivated from extensive domestic and overseas track record • Partnership capabilities with other companies in execution of overseas projects
Business Direction
• Rebuild the quality control system, pursue orders with a thorough focus on profitability, and maintain and improve non-price competitiveness, leveraging outstanding technical expertise
• Steadily fulfill large orders already received in the North American market and work to secure orders in emerging Asian countries
• Aggressively develop highly profitable recurring revenue businesses that leverage our extensive track record of orders delivered and expand revenue across the rolling stock life cycle by reinforcing our core competence
The Asian market
• • • •
• •
•
is expected to see ongoing growth.
   Goals for fiscal 2021
 Fiscal 2019 Results
     Execute large projects in North America (R211 cars for the New York City Subways) as planned
Execute projects financed by ODA loans in Asia (Dhaka Metro MRT Line-6 in Bangladesh) as planned
Expand stock businesses to improve customer maintenance efficiency and maintain safe, dependable transportation
Launch sales of components that leverage sensing and image analysis technologies and roll out component and service businesses aimed at improving maintenance efficiency
Rolling stock units delivered: 528
Conducted tests with railway companies aimed at launching sales of components that leverage sensing and image analysis technologies
Developed products and services aimed at expanding into peripheral rolling stock businesses, including maintenance
    ■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
257.1
158.5 137.1
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
● Before-tax ROIC 3.0%
-26.2%
-26.4%
  125.7
136.5
3.4 2.5%
-8.7%
 141.7
136.0 124.6
-2.7%
-7.2%
      -12.4
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
-13.7
-3.8 -11.0%
 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 38 Kawasaki Report 2020
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Series 5000 for Odakyu Electric Railway Co., Ltd
Series E261 for East Japan Railway Company (JR East) (photo provided by East Japan Railway Company)
Kawasaki Report 2020 39

  Business Strategy
  Motorcycle & Engine
•
Motorcycles
•
Off-road utility vehicles (SxSs ATVs)
•
Personal watercraft (PWC)
•
General-purpose gasoline engines
Main Products
Yuji Horiuchi
President, Motorcycle & Engine Company
Vision
Guided by the “Kawasaki, working as one” philosophy, continue to grow as a manufacturer with primary focus on high-value-added domains in the power sports and general-purpose engine markets.
Operating Environment and Strategies
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the outlook in our main- stay markets in Europe, the United States and Southeast Asia is unclear. Furthermore, conditions are growing more challenging, as raw materials costs and tariffs increase, reflecting U.S.-China trade tensions, and new manufactur- ers based in emerging countries enter markets. As such, Kawasaki needs to improve its productivity.
In this environment, we will anticipate the needs of customers and draw on world-class product develop- ment expertise and our strong, highly differentiated brands, such as Ninja, Z, MULE, and TERYX to quickly bring attractive, highly competitive models to market. At the same time, we will work to establish Kawasaki as a high-end brand through such means as customer relationship management. Furthermore, we will imple- ment initiatives aimed at establishing and strengthen- ing systems to control and streamline our global management resources from the perspective of overall optimization. By implementing this and other strate- gies, we will strengthen our financial platform (increase the operating income margin and free cash flow).
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Motorcycle & Engine Company has designated as its vision for 2030 developing, manufacturing and delivering environmentally friendly motorcycles, as well as models with “fun-to-ride” appeal and advanced rider-support features. To realize this vision, in line with the philosophy that drives product development at Kawasaki, the concepts of “Fun to Ride,” “Ease of Riding,” and “Better Environmental Performance,”
we are working to improve motorcycle performance, enhance rider-support features, and respond to tougher exhaust gas, noise, and other environmental regula- tions. Kawasaki aims to put motorcycles with C-ITS* functions and other advanced rider support functions on the market as soon as possible. In electric motorcy- cles, hybrid motorcycles, and other motorcycles pow- ered by clean energy, we are building and evaluating the performance of prototypes with an eye to future business development.
* C-ITS: Cooperative Intelligent Transport Systems
  Opportunities
Motorcycles
Utility vehicles
•
• •
Stable demand in developed countries and progress in the development of IoT applications, advanced safety features and other technologies
Medium- to long-term market expan- sion in emerging countries
Expanding market in North America
Firm growth, reflecting U.S. housing market expansion
Risks
Motorcycles Utility vehicles Shared
• Intensifying price competition in emerging markets
• Tightening environmental regulations
• Intensifying price competition
• Rising materials prices and tariffs due to escalating U.S.-China trade friction
• Slump in consumption or economic recession due to a viral pandemic
  General-purpose • gasoline engines
 Core Competence
• Strong, clearly differentiated brands, such as Ninja, Z, MULE, and TERYX
• World-leading product development expertise
• Technological capabilities to develop and produce high-performance, high-quality products • Global production, sales, and service structure
Business Direction
• Increase product competitiveness by introducing new models and expanding the model lineup
• Improve profit margins by raising sales prices and cutting costs and control fixed costs associated with development,
• Realize comfortable and convenient transportation by launching connected motorcycles with data transmis-
• sion functions and help users ride with confidence by adopting rider support functions
 Goals for fiscal 2021
 Fiscal 2019 Results
     production, and sales
• Promote inventory adjustment and other measures to increase free cash flows
• Proactively pursue collaboration and business tie-ups with other companies
• Every fiscal year, achieve at least a 1.5% average increase in WMTC* fuel economy on new models over the previous models
* WMTC: Worldwide-harmonized Motorcycle Test Cycle
• Implemented smartphone connectivity for the Ninja 1000SX, Z900, Ninja 650, and Z650 in 2020, expanding the lineup of models with this feature to seven. “RIDEOLOGY THE APP,” an official smartphone application, enables users to set their riding mode and confirm the status of their motorcycle using their
• smartphone, thereby improving riding comfort and convenience.
Achieved an average increase in WMTC fuel economy of 1.4% across the seven models that began produc-
• tion in fiscal 2019 (the Z H2, Ninja 1000SX, Z900, W800, Ninja 650, Z650, and KLX230)
Launched the Z H2 with a supercharged engine for large motorcycles achieving high power and high fuel economy
Clear the EU’s strict emissions regulations and other environmental regulations around the world
      ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
331.6
356.8
337.7
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
4.0% 15.2 14.3
● Before-tax ROIC
9.4% 8.4%
-2.6%
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
 313.0
4.5%
  3.7% 11.7
7.3%
     -1.9
 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 40 Kawasaki Report 2020
-0.5%
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
TERYX KRX 1000
Z H2
Kawasaki Report 2020 41

  Business Strategy
  Precision Machinery & Robot
Main Products
• Hydraulic components for construction machinery • Hydraulic components for agricultural machinery
• Hydraulic components and systems for industrial machinery • Hydraulic steering gears for marine products • Hydraulic deck machinery for marine products • Industrial robots • Medical and pharmaceutical robots
Hidehiko Shimamura
President, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
Vision
The world’s top brand in motion control, creating and providing total solutions for pro- viders of medical and healthcare services as well as for industry, including automobiles, construction machinery, and electronic equipment, with a focus on hydraulic components and robots boasting a level of performance and quality far surpassing that of any rival.
Operating Environment and Strategies
Sales of hydraulic machinery for the construction equip- ment market are expected to steadily grow over the medi- um and long terms in line with growing infrastructure development, mainly in emerging countries, even though the COVID-19 pandemic has caused short-term market deterioration, mainly in developed countries.
Kawasaki is the leader of the global market for excavator- use hydraulic machinery. Going forward, we will maintain and expand our market share by leveraging world-class, leading-edge technology, the ability to turn such technology into systems, our brand strength, and responsiveness to customer needs. We will also actively explore promising new businesses, such as construction and agricultural machinery other than excavators, for which our market share overseas is relatively low, to realize further growth and improve stability in segment performance.
In the industrial robot business, although the COVID- 19 pandemic has caused a decline in customers’ appe- tite for capital investment, going forward, we expect demand to increase for robots that can be used to help prevent infection. Furthermore, over the medium and long terms, we expect demand in existing customer sectors to continue expanding to offset labor shortages and achieve higher quality. We also predict that robots will be used in a wider range of applications, including
BX series spot welding robots for automobile body assembly lines
Hydraulic pump for construction machinery
in collaboration with humans in work operations as well as in medical treatment and nursing care.
In existing customer sectors, we will expand applications for automakers, create products for EV and HV manufactur- ing, expand line building operations, and expand sales of duAro, a robot designed to collaborate with humans in work operations. In addition, we will expand sales and market share by providing solutions that draw on the Group’s expe- rience accumulated through robot development for a wide range of applications within the Kawasaki Group and by enhancing the sales and service structure. In new customer sectors, we aim to establish new business fields by integrat- ing robotics with IoT/AI, as with Successor,* expand sales of the robotically assisted surgical devices of Medicaroid, a joint venture with Sysmex Corporation, and commercialize automated PCR viral testing systems.
We will continue to pursue synergy by integrating
hydraulic machinery and robot production and devel-
oping new products combining the technologies of
each. By doing so, we will reinforce the businesses of
the Precision Machinery & Robot Company as a whole.
* Successor: A technology system in which expert engineers use remote controls with kinesthetic feedback to safely operate robots and perform tasks. The robots memorize these movements, which they can then convey to the next generation of operators. Using AI to learn from recorded inputs, the system can also generate automated operational programs.
  Opportunities
Risks
Hydraulic machinery
Robots
Shared
  Hydraulic machinery
Robots
• Expanding demand due to world- wide infrastructure building, mainly in emerging countries
• Increasing fields of application through the realization of humans and robots collaborating in work operations
• Rising demand aimed at preventing infection, eliminating labor shortag- es, and improving quality
• Progress in use of robots beyond industrial applications (such as med- ical treatment and nursing care)
• Shift to in-house production of hydraulic machinery by construction machinery manufacturers and market entry of manufacturers from emerging countries
• Rapid cooling of the Chinese construction equipment market
• Delayed recovery in the marine hydraulic equipment market due to sluggish conditions in the shipbuilding industry and intensifying price competition
• Increasingly fierce price competition with rival companies
• Impact of U.S.-China trade friction on the semiconduc- tor market
• Weakening investment appetite due to viral pandemic
 Core Competence
Hydraulic machinery
Robots Shared
• Accumulated world-class, leading-edge technology, systemization capabilities, and brand power in the area of excavator hydraulic machinery
• Ability to respond to customer requests
• Ability to develop applications and make system proposals matched to diverse customer requirements • Global service structure
• New product development capabilities in the field of motion control based on the integration of
hydraulic technologies and robotics
  Business Direction
  Hydraulic machinery Robots
• Maintain and expand high share of excavator market, pursue sales expansion in construction and agricul- tural machinery sectors, and advance product and market development with an awareness of mega-trends
• Existing customer sectors: Increase market share by expanding the scope of applications for the automo- tive industry, line building operations, and sales in the human-robot collaborative product field
• New customer sectors: Integrate robotics with IoT/AI technologies to establish new businesses, develop products based on synergies with hydraulic technologies, expand sales of robotically assisted surgical devices, and launch and expand sales of automated PCR viral testing systems
   ■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
207.1 166.8 155.2
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
● Before-tax ROIC 22.9%
13.4%
hinotoriTM Surgical Robot System
Hydraulic motor M7V (left) Hydraulic pump K8V (right)
 225.2 222.0 198.9
217.3
8.4% 13.1
218.8
10.8% 21.6
9.6% 21.3
19.8%
         5.6% 12.2
8.8%
     2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 42 Kawasaki Report 2020
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Kawasaki Report 2020 43

  Business Strategy
Initiatives to Create Social Value Precision Machinery Business Division
The Precision Machinery Business Division has designated the following as its vision for 2030.
• Make Kawasaki hydraulic machinery and systems the
global standard by expanding sales to customers around
the world and achieve stable production and supply
• Support the development of next-generation of human-
and environment-friendly construction machinery through Kawasaki products to contribute to the improve- ment of infrastructure, mainly in emerging countries
• Promote the development and sale of energy-saving products, hydrogen-oriented products and renewable energy-oriented products to contribute to the reduction of environmental burden
• Combine new technologies, such as ICT, IoT, and AI, with Kawasaki’s robot technology and hydraulic control tech- nology to create new value
To achieve this vision, we are working to establish sys- tems for stable production and supply and advancing R&D into hydraulics systems aimed at creating ICT-linked, auto- mated, and unmanned next-generation construction machinery for customers while advancing product devel- opment and sales in the pursuit of full-scale entry into agricultural machinery and industrial vehicle sectors. In addition, we are now mass-producing a high-pressure hydrogen regulator and advancing development toward secondary mass-production. Sales of Eco-Servo, an energy-saving, low-noise hydraulic hybrid system, have been strong, and we advancing the development of a compact electro-hydraulic actuator for humanoid robots, as well.
 • Establish production sites and stable supply systems that are globally optimized in terms of cost, quality, and delivery time; advance development of technologies that will set our products apart in the future; and further expand sales in the hydraulic excavator, agricultural, industrial, and marine machinery fields in order to make Kawasaki products the global standard by supplying our hydraulic machinery and systems to cus- tomers around the world.
 Goals for fiscal 2021
 Fiscal 2019 Results
   • Establish firm foundations in new businesses, such as high-pressure hydrogen regulators for automobiles and fields based on synergies with the robot business
• Hydraulic machinery production and delivery volume: 750,000 units
• Hydraulic machinery production and delivery volume: 700,000 units
  Robot Business Division
The Robot Business Division has designated as its vision for 2030 improving access to high-quality medical care through the development of medical robots in developed countries facing demographic graying as well as using robot technology to support medical supplies production, nursing and medical care, and the development of thera- pies and treatments that reduce the physical burden on patients while developing and improving the intelligence of Successor, humanoid robots and other robots to help address labor shortages, mainly in developed countries. To achieve this vision, we have positioned medical robots as a business that will support aging societies and established
Medicaroid Corporation—a joint venture with Sysmex Corporation—through which we are working to create new business around robotically assisted surgical devices and applied robots using industrial robot technology. With regard to Successor, we have begun sales to specified customers and are developing a new market. We contin- ue to advance the development of humanoid robots, aiming for commercialization.
 • Increase our market share with existing automotive sector customers, reinforce proposition capabilities for line building solutions, expand sales channels for general production equipment in China, expand sales of robots for use in collaborative work with humans, and introduce robotically assisted surgical devices in the medical field
 Goals for fiscal 2021
 Fiscal 2019 Results
   • Promote the integration of IoT, AI, and robotics technologies and the development of products based on synergies with hydraulics technologies
• Robots delivered: 40,000
• Robots delivered: 20,000
  44
Kawasaki Report 2020
Roundtable Discussion with the Chairman and Outside Directors
 Increasing the Effectiveness of Governance and Solving Social Issues through Technological Synergies
Yoshinori Kanehana
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board
Jenifer Rogers Outside Director
Atsuko Ishii Yoshiaki Tamura
Outside Director, Outside Director Audit & Supervisory
Committee Member
Transition to a New System of Corporate Governance
Kanehana Every year since fiscal 2015, we have evalu- ated the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and dis- cussed the ways the Board and the Management Committee function. In the course of doing so, a fre- quent comment was that the roles of these two bodies were unclear. To secure adequate time for the Board of Directors to fulfil its true purpose of discussing such topics as how the Company should be run and what it should aspire to, we needed to delegate some of the
Board’s decision making to executives. With this in mind, we considered what form of governance would best suit Kawasaki and came to the conclusion that it was a com- pany with an audit & supervisory committee. The transi- tion was intended to clarify the respective roles of the Management Committee and Board of Directors, allow- ing the latter to engage in more in-depth discussion of the Company’s direction while reinforcing its oversight of executives.
  Please tell us about the factors that led to the decision to transition to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee.
Kawasaki Report 2020
45
 
 The Role and Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Expertise and the Roles of Outside Directors
Tamura I have experience in manufacturing, was involved in launching an LCD flat panel display business, including technological development, and have served as a chief technical officer (CTO). Kawasaki has a long history of using technology to provide solutions and significantly changing the ways people live. For Kawasaki, differentiat- ing its technologies is key, so I think that my experience in the display industry, which is fast-moving, with new tech- nologies constantly being established, may be useful. I hope to help Kawasaki work out how to use technology to meet the demands of society and speedily develop such technology into business.
Rogers I am an attorney, and I have work experience spanning six countries, so I think I bring a global perspec- tive. I have also worked at financial institutions and a global technology services company. Based on that back- ground, I am constantly thinking about how I can have an impact on Kawasaki and the perspective from which I should speak, taking into account various stakeholder perspectives.
As an American, and based on my many years working at companies outside of Japan, I am able to provide a view that is different from that of the internal Directors regarding things like how to quickly reach decisions or what shareholders and investors will think of financial results and other numbers. Outside Directors have a responsibility to take a neutral position and consider a wide range of stakeholders when making decisions. I always keep this in mind at Board meetings.
Ishii My background is in government, and I think that the importance of accountability is the same for compa- nies as it is for government.
The Roles of Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
    What do you see as the role of the Board of Directors? Has the effectiveness of the Board changed in the last two years?
What roles do each of you play as Outside Directors in light of your respective areas of expertise?
 I think that the role of the Board of Directors is to exercise oversight and take a comprehensive view of the Company as a whole. Directors are chosen by share- holders, so we have to provide oversight from various stakeholder perspectives and engage in discussions at a higher level. In particular, markets are highly critical of manufacturers these days. Kawasaki has been confronted by fierce competition around the world and has struggled in terms of profit for some time. Backed by its more than 120-year history, Kawasaki now stands at a turning point that will determine what it can achieve going forward.
I can tell that everyone at Kawasaki is serious about its governance systems and wants to improve them. The Board of Directors now has open discussions, and many other positive changes have steadily been implemented. We have also made progress regarding certain organiza- tional improvements, for example, reinforcing the
Appointment of President Hashimoto
Tamura Since last year, we had been discussing the issue from many angles, such as what kind of person we should choose as president and how to develop candidates. We also asked then-president Kanehana what challenges he thought the next president would face and what expecta- tions he had, deepening our understanding within the committee. As a result, we came to the unanimous conclu- sion that Mr. Hashimoto was the right choice for the next president.
Kanehana Kawasaki’s former presidents, including myself, came up through businesses in which products are made to order. Kawasaki has both made-to-order and mass-production businesses, and there is an
oversight functions of internal committees and the Board of Directors as a result of comments from the sharehold- er’s perspective on such matters as cash flows, corporate performance, and foreign exchange risk. I think that such improvements will continue and enable us to better per- form our oversight duties from stakeholder perspectives. Ishii I’m now in my fourth year as an outside officer of Kawasaki, and I think that the activities of the Board of Directors are moving in a positive direction, as Ms. Rogers said.
When I first took office, it was most often the outside officers who asked questions, which the executives would answer. Now, the other Directors also actively speak up, and we all actively engage in discussion. This is one area in which there is a clear difference from four years ago. As Chairman Kanehana said, we evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of the Directors every year, and the Board has diligently taken action to address the issues thus iden- tified. These slow but steady initiatives have begun to yield fruit. Since changing to the company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee structure, the Board has already met several times. Topics like business continuity have been brought up, and I feel that our discussions have been substantive.
Tamura When I first took office, Kawasaki’s internal com- pany system struck me as rigid. I think that Chairman Kanehana’s efforts to encourage the Board to take a more managerial view that goes beyond individual internal companies in order to strengthen the Company as a whole has changed the tone of Board of Directors meetings.
order-of-magnitude difference in the time scales of the two. The new president of Kawasaki had to be someone with a tremendous sense of speed and ability to get things done, so I thought perhaps it should be someone from a mass-production business. Given these considerations, I thought that Mr. Hashimoto would be a good fit, especially in this time of instability in the wider world, and discussed the matter with the Nomination Advisory Committee. Tamura Society is changing extremely rapidly, and it is vital that Kawasaki make its next moves quickly. I felt that Mr. Hashimoto possessed a great ability to take action. He is a person with lots of ideas, and many of us looked favorably on his ability to put those ideas into action.
When considering matters up for decision at the Board of Directors, I constantly consider whether I could explain in my own words why a decision is justified and rational, and ask questions accordingly. Also, I think that Outside Directors should proactively say and ask things that might be awkward for the internal Directors to bring up. Even if the internal Directors don’t ask a question, shareholders or investors might, so making sure such questions are answered before making a decision is important in terms of risk management.
At the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, I worked in areas related to personnel and labor. I feel that prob- lems related to human resources are a major element of difficulties faced by companies. Building organizations capable of sustaining high levels of motivation and revis- ing personnel management and workstyles are consistent- ly major topics, and I think that I can assist in these areas with my network and insight.
Rogers
    What did the Nomination Advisory Committee discuss with regard to the appointment of the new President?
 46 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 47
What do you see as your roles as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members?
Ishii I served as an Audit & Supervisory Board Member for three years before my current appointment as an Audit & Supervisory Committee Member. The basic role of an Audit & Supervisory Committee Member is, like that of an Audit & Supervisory Board Member, to provide oversight and supervision. The former, however, also has voting rights as a Director and thus a broader and higher level of responsibility. The work of an Audit & Supervisory Board Member centers on auditing of compliance and legality. However, Audit & Supervisory Committee Members must also make decisions about the justifications for and ratio- nality of decisions made by the Board of Directors. As such, I think that we must increase the quality of our
auditing and shift our mindsets to approach auditing from a more future-oriented perspective that examines whether decisions are being made in the best way possible. We also now have the authority to make statements of opinion, which I hope to exercise while coordinating and advancing dialogue with related bodies, such as the internal auditing divisions, Nomination Advisory Committee, and Compensation Advisory Committee.
Kawasaki has two full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee Members. I was concerned that, if left just to the functioning of the internal control system, the quality of auditing would fall, so I am glad that we have full-time members to provide additional support.

 Kawasaki’s Businesses
communicate its decisions to executives and provide oversight of their implementation.
Tamura I think that one of Kawasaki’s major strengths is its tradition of changing the world through technolo- gy. The Company must make this tradition central and continue this focus going forward. Furthermore, given the global nature of today’s markets, I think that foster- ing mindsets oriented toward corporate reform throughout the Group will be crucial to using technolo- gy to solve the issues various regions are facing.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the use of telecom- munications within the Group has expanded, rapidly shrinking geographic divides. Increasingly fast data
transmission with the arrival of 5G and even 6G will make distance less and less of an impediment. As we become able to manage plants without being in them, or to converse with colleagues without being physically together, we must think about the ways the Company and the wider world will change going forward. Does Kawasaki have the tools it needs to promote diversity and incorporate the wide-ranging viewpoints needed to succeed in global markets? While valuing and protect- ing its heritage, Kawasaki must entrust its future to a new generation that is equipped for new business envi- ronments. I think that this will help realize Group syn- ergies and build a new Kawasaki.
  How will the Board of Directors help Kawasaki shift toward realizing additional value from the combination of its diverse businesses to merit a conglomerate premium?
partners, these businesses are reducing costs and pro- ducing excellent products. Kawasaki has also been manufacturing in Nebraska, in the United States, for around 40 years. I think that the way Kawasaki has been able to reduce foreign exchange risk by selling U.S.-made products in the United States shows that the Group has collective strength as a conglomerate at the international level.
This strength or synergy comes from the internal exchange of expertise and information. By going beyond simply selling products to become a solution provider leveraging its global strength as a conglomer- ate, Kawasaki can address a full range of customer issues. After selling a product, the Company can sell maintenance services and spare parts on the aftermar- ket. If Kawasaki can leverage its collective strength as a conglomerate to provide total-package products and services that customers trust, I think it will be able to fully realize synergies and additional value from the diversity of its businesses.
Ishii As Kawasaki increasingly combines its own tech- nologies with those from outside the Group, the impor- tance of focusing on solving social issues will grow. Today, regard for companies that create useful value for society and that engage in ESG management and efforts to contribute to the SDGs is growing. I think new business creation that starts with the goal of solving social issues will produce considerable value as a con- glomerate, and I think that Kawasaki is capable of doing just that.
Kawasaki is working to reinforce the Group-wide governance system as its businesses grow increasingly global. I think that, as part of doing so, putting greater effort into developing local employees overseas, for example, with a view to appointing a non-Japanese national as an executive officer, will be important.
out how to use them to contribute to the world. Building a CO2-free hydrogen supply chain is an exam- ple of such efforts, in which we are using outstanding technologies from across the Group to take on the tre- mendous challenge of decarbonization. The Board of Directors must thoroughly discuss the direction the Company is going to determine how to use our technol- ogies to contribute to the world—especially since doing so will require the further removal of barriers between internal companies to realize synergies—and then
Transforming the Company Organization and Culture (“Changing Forward”)
   It’s certainly a challenge. I think that focusing on lining up synergies, rather than on individual busi- nesses, is crucial. Many of Kawasaki’s more high-tech, software-based technologies, such as those related to control, robot remote control, medical robots, and ship operation and performance analysis support systems, will play key roles. Efficiency is a key point. In that vein, I think that we will see a shift in after-sales ser- vice from providing maintenance at predetermined intervals to constant, ongoing monitoring that enables targeted maintenance only where and when it is required. Kawasaki will need to create mechanisms for streamlining production, sales, and after-sales service to deliver only what is needed, when it is needed, in the amount it is needed. Thinking about what, con- cretely, the Group’s manufacturing should look like and the role it should play in the world as it does this will, I think, lead to the realization of the type of Group syn- ergies that result in a conglomerate premium.
Rogers The shipbuilding and industrial robot business- es have formed joint ventures in China. By leveraging Kawasaki’s expertise and teaming up with outstanding
Kanehana From the moment of my appointment as president, I emphasized the importance of founder Shozo Kawasaki’s philosophy of “contributing to the nation—to society—through expertise.” Valuing expertise and technology and using them for the sake of society was a driving principle for Kawasaki’s founder, and this spirit is alive and well in Kawasaki today.
Kawasaki boasts many excellent technologies. I think the key issues going forward will be finding ways to combine technologies to realize synergy and figuring
Tamura
48 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 49
One of Kawasaki’s taglines is “Changing Forward.” How is the Board of Directors involved in creating a corporate culture that boldly embraces change?
I worked to transform our corporate cul- ture throughout my tenure as president and, recently, have felt that the atmosphere within Kawasaki really begin to change. Through one-on-one meetings with top management and management retreats, the walls between internal companies have gotten lower, and the framework for cooperation among members of the Management Committee has gotten stronger. We also introduced SKIP, an internal SNS that approximately 4,500 employees use to exchange views on their daily work. Employee opinions expressed on SKIP are com- municated to the relevant divisions and used to pro- vide feedback to employees. Through SKIP, employees are able to see that management is thinking of them, which I think has changed their mindsets.
By continuing such activities, I think Kawasaki will continue changing, becoming even better. I hope that the Directors will receive reports on such changes from executives and, in turn, provide their opinions and guidance.
Rogers In terms of diversity, I think that awareness within Kawasaki related to the professional participa- tion of women has really improved. However, I wonder
Message to Stakeholders
Kanehana
  The way business is done is expected to change in wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a manufacturer, what should Kawasaki keep, and what should it change?
Lastly, Chairman Kanehana, do you have any message to stakeholders?
Kanehana Our goal is to maintain the uniqueness of each internal company while realizing synergies that transcend the barriers between them to increase Kawasaki’s enterprise value. To achieve this goal, we will build a framework in which the Board of Directors discusses matters pertaining to the business portfolio and other overarching business policy and
the executives systematically put the Board’s conclu- sions into action. We ask for our stakeholders’ contin- ued support as we continue to advance corporate culture transformation and strive to solve social issues with technology.
if more focus on other types of diversity, such as by promoting younger employees, might lead to more cre- ative innovation. Mixing together different elements, such as by implementing projects in teams that com- prise one person from each internal division, could fos- ter information exchange from various angles and be good for the Company. As Kawasaki’s first female non- Japanese Director, I hope to see further efforts to pro- mote diversity going forward.
  
Corporate Governance
Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance System
Kawasaki’s main deliberative bodies, their composition and roles are as follows.
  Guided by the Group Mission, “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet,” the Kawasaki Group’s basic stance on corporate governance is to raise enterprise value through effective and sound management while forming solid relation- ships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, employees, and communities, through highly transparent man- agement practices. The Kawasaki Group is striving to further strengthen and enhance corporate governance systems as appropriate for its businesses and scale.
Transition to a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee
To enhance the Board of Directors’ discussions of management strategy and other matters and to further reinforce the Board’s oversight function while facilitating nimble response to rapid changes in the operating environment, Kawasaki transitioned to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee pursu- ant to a resolution passed at the 197th General Meeting of Shareholders on June 25, 2020.
With this transition, a great deal of authority over business execution decisions has been delegated to the executive Directors and executive officers, who are appointed by the Board of Directors, thereby realizing more agile decision mak- ing. In addition, the composition of the Board of Directors has been revised, increasing the proportion of Outside Directors. Through these and other measures, Kawasaki secures manage- ment transparency while enabling nimble, efficient management.
Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
Year
 Initiative
 2001
• Adopted the executive officer system
• Reduced the number of Directors from 26 to 11
 2002
• Increased the number of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members to two
• Adopted a performance-based compensation system
2005
 • Abolished the retirement benefit system for Directors
2013
 • Appointed an Outside Director
 2015
• Increased the number of Outside Directors to two
• Took steps in response to the introduction of Japan’s Corporate
Governance Code
• Established the Nomination Advisory Committee and
Compensation Advisory Committee
• Began evaluations of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
2016
 • Added stock purchase funds to Director’s compensation
 2017
• Increased the number of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members to three
• Revised matters requiring resolution by the Board of Directors (expanding the scope of delegation to executives)
2018
 • Increased the number of Outside Directors to three • Revised the Director and executive officer system
2019
 • Reduced the number of Directors from 12 to 11
 2020
• Transitioned to a company with an audit & supervisory committee
• Reduced the number of Directors (excluding Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) from 11 to 8
• Eliminated overlap between Directors and officers responsible for specific businesses
        Change in the Composition of the Board of Directors with the Transition to a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors comprises 13 Directors (of whom, five serve as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members), with the chairman serving as the presiding officer by resolution of the Board. Six Directors are Outside Directors (of whom, three serve as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) and inde- pendent of business execution. By avoiding having Directors serve concurrently as officers responsible for specific busi- nesses (the internal company presidents), the Company seeks to enhance the separation of management oversight and busi- ness execution and thereby further reinforce the Board of Director’s oversight functions.
Furthermore, the Nomination Advisory Committee and
Audit & Supervisory Committee
The Audit & Supervisory Committee comprises five Directors, including three Outside Directors. To secure effective over- sight, the two Internal Directors have been appointed as full- time Audit & Supervisory Committee Members. Furthermore, Business Execution Framework
Kawasaki has adopted an executive officer system in order to facilitate response to rapid changes in the business environ- ment. To accelerate decision making, a great deal of authority over business execution decisions is delegated to the execu- tive Directors and executive officers, who are appointed by the Board of Directors.
Kawasaki maintains a Management Committee, comprising mainly executive Directors and internal company presidents, as an advisory body to the president. The Management Committee
Compensation Advisory Committee have been established as advisory bodies to the Board of Directors in an effort to rein- force the transparency and objectivity of its deliberations. A majority of the members of both committees are Outside Directors, as are the presiding officers of each. The Nomination Advisory Committee discusses such matters as policies regard- ing the appointment of Directors and other officers and the appropriateness of candidates for such positions. The Compensation Advisory Committee discusses such matters as Director compensation policy and the appropriateness of the Director compensation system. These committees provide reports and advice to the Board of Directors.
to ensure the reliability of financial reporting, the Company appoints Audit & Supervisory Committee Members who have considerable knowledge of finance and accounting.
discusses matters that are important to Group management, including management policy, strategy, and challenges.
Furthermore, the Company maintains an Executive Officers Committee, comprising all executive officers. This committee issues business execution policy based on management policy and plans determined mainly by the Board of Directors and Management Committee. It also discusses management issues, striving to build unified consensus in Group management.
Fiscal 2019
 Statutory Auditor System
  Board of Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board
  Directors: 11
(including 3 Outside Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members: 5
(including 3 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Supervisory Board Members
Proportion of Outside Directors
27%
    Internal company
presidents
Outside Directors
Outside Audit &
 Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee
 Board of Directors
Proportion of Outside Directors
46%
 Directors: 13 (including 6 Outside Directors)
    Directors not serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members: 8
(including 3 Outside Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Committee
Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members: 5 (including 3 Outside Directors)
  Outside Directors
Outside Directors
 Other Key Internal Committees
 Corporate CSR Committee
 Corporate Risk Management Committee
 Major Project Committee
   Discusses and decides on basic policy and important matters related to CSR and compliance for the Group as a whole and monitors implementation
Discusses and identifies important issues pertaining to risk management for the Group as a whole and monitors implementation
Assesses risk and considers appropriate responses before the acceptance of major projects
   The Kawasaki Group’s Governance Structure (As of July 1, 2020)
 Nomination Advisory Committee
Compensation Advisory Committee
Directors (Board of Directors)
Resolution on appointment
Audit/ Resolution on appointment Supervision
Statement of opinion
Resolution on appointment
Supervision
General Meeting of Shareholders
   Consultation/ Advice
Consultation/ Advice
Audit/ Supervision
Appointment
Assistance
Audit & Supervisory Committee
  Office of Audit & Supervisory Committee
Instruction Report Audit
Mutual cooperation
Independent auditor
     Report
Instruction Report
  Key Internal Committees
Instruction
Discussion Report
Instructions Discussion
Audit
Audit
  Management Committee
 Major Project Committee
  Executive Officers Committee
 Corporate CSR Committee Corporate Risk Management Committee
President
Inspection
Business operation execution divisions (Head Office, internal companies)
Affiliated companies
 CSR Committees, Risk Management Committees (Head Office, internal companies)
Auditing Department
     Fiscal 2020
(transitioned June 25, 2020)
Transition to a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee
   Report
 50 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 51

Evaluation of the Board of Directors’ Effectiveness
The Board of Directors strives to ensure that its members, including independent Outside Directors, engage in free, vigorous dis- cussion based on their insights and experience at meetings of Kawasaki’s Board of Directors and reach appropriate management decisions. As part of these efforts, since fiscal 2015, the Board of Directors annually evaluates and analyzes its effectiveness.
Evaluation Method
The fiscal 2019 effectiveness evaluation was, as in previous years, carried out as follows.
(1) A survey of all Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, based on advice from outside experts, was made*
(2) The survey results were aggregated and analyzed by outside experts
(3) The aggregated information and analysis results were discussed at a Board of Directors meeting
* A survey comprising questions mainly about the overall operation of the Board of Directors and its discussions, designed with regard to the Company’s particular characteristics
Composition of Director Compensation (Excluding Outside Directors) Compensation Composition (assuming 8% Before-tax ROIC)
  Basic compensation
  Based on position and responsibilities.
  Performance-based compensation
 Linked mainly to net income attributable to owners of the parent (“net income”), consolidated ROIC and the ROIC of internal companies.
   Stock purchase funds
Each month, a fixed monthly amount is paid to the Directors for contribu- tion to a stock ownership plan for the purpose of aligning Directors’ inter- ests with those of shareholders and incentivizing Directors to enhance medium- to long-term enterprise value. This entire amount is contributed to the officers’ stock ownership plan in order to purchase shares of the Company on a continuous basis.
   Stock purchase f
 Evaluation Results and Response
The Board of Directors’ discussion found that the Board’s effectiveness was appropriately ensured, based on such fac- tors as its resolutions having been reached after active discus- sion among both the internal and outside members.
Issues raised included clarifying the division of roles between the Board of Directors and Management Committee and quickly reporting information about risks to the Board of Directors. However, the June 2020 transition to a company with an audit & supervisory committee has helped to make progress with regard to refining the topics that the Board of Directors should discuss and, in turn, advancing delegation from the Board to executives, as well as improving the system of reporting to the Board. By steadily implementing initiatives in these areas going forward, we will work to further reinforce the oversight function of the Board of Directors.
Furthermore, the Directors shared information about other tasks the Board needs to undertake, such as further enhancing succession planning, determining Director compensation, and rein- forcing coordination with the committees run by executives. The Board will continue to engage in discussion and considerations from various viewpoints, working to increase its effectiveness.
Corporate Officer Compensation
Kawasaki’s Approach to Corporate Officer Compensation
Initiatives to Address Issues Identified in Previous Years
The main initiatives we have implemented to address issues identified by previous evaluations of a Board of Directors’ effectiveness are as follows.
• Aiming to further enhance discussions of management strat-
egy and other matters at the Board of Directors, accelerate management decision making, and reinforce the oversight function of the Board of Directors, Kawasaki transitioned to a company with an audit & supervisory committee in June 2020, thereby enabling significant delegation of authority from the Board of Directors to executives. In addition, we revised the composition of the Board of Directors to avoid having directors serve concurrently as officers responsible for specific businesses (the internal company presidents) and thereby better separate management oversight and business execution while increasing the proportion of Outside Directors. By doing so, we clarified that oversight is
• the primary role of the Board of Directors.
We set up a system in which items that could significantly affect management plans or management performance are reported to the Board of Directors following their discussion at monthly meetings of the Management Committee to ensure that the Board maintains a broad-ranging and up-to- date grasp of risks and signs of change in the business envi- ronment. Through such efforts, we continue working to reinforce the Board of Directors’ monitoring functions.
Performance-Based Compensation Indicators
Compensation of Directors Serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
   Indicator
 Reason for Selection
 Net income
  Net income, which funds dividends, was selected as an indicator to incentivize Directors to increase shareholder value.
 Consolidated ROIC
Consolidated ROIC was selected as an indicator because Kawasaki has made ROIC management a part of its basic management poli- cy and aims to achieve ROIC of 8% or above.
 Internal Company ROIC
  Internal company ROIC was selected as an indicator because Kawasaki aims to achieve ROIC of 8% or above at each internal company.
     The compensation of Audit & Supervisory Committee Members is set at a fixed level notified to corporate perfor- mance to ensure professional independence. This compensa- tion is determined by the Audit & Supervisory Committee. The
total maximum compensation for Audit & Supervisory Committee Members is ¥120 million per year (as resolved at the 197th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 25, 2020).
Activities of the Board of Directors and Compensation Advisory Committee
 Policy and systems related to the compensation of Directors (excluding Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) are decided by resolution of the Board of Directors based on the deliberations of the Compensation Advisory Committee. A majority of the members and the presiding offi- cer of the Compensation Advisory Committee are Outside
Corporate Officer Compensation
Directors. The Compensation Advisory Committee met six times in fiscal 2019. In addition to the matters described above, the committee discussed the form of the corporate offi- cer compensation system going forward.
Note: For more information about the members of the Compensation Advisory Committee and their meeting attendance, please refer to pages 54–56.
           70
   70
   —
   —
   The compensation system for Kawasaki Directors is designed to promote sustained improvement in corporate performance and enterprise value, align the interests of Directors with those of shareholders, secure outstanding human resources, and ensure a level of compensation commensurate with the duties of the individual officer.
Compensation for Directors (Excluding Directors Serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members)
The following table provides a breakdown of fiscal 2019 corporate officer compensation.
530 385 85 58 10
2
76 76 — — 7
Notes: 1. On June 25 2020, Kawasaki transitioned from a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee.
2. The above numbers of officers include the Directors (two) and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (one Outside Director) who retired as of conclusion of the
General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2019.
3. Performance-based compensation paid in fiscal 2019 is based on fiscal 2018 performance.
  Compensation for Directors (excluding Outside Directors and Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) consists of basic compensation, performance-based compensa- tion and stock purchase funds.
Compensation for Outside Directors (excluding Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) is set at a fixed level not tied to corporate performance, to ensure pro- fessional independence.
Compensation for Directors (excluding Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) is set within the
maximum total compensation for Directors (¥800 million per year), as resolved at the 197th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (held on June 25, 2020). After receiving the results of deliberations by the Compensation Advisory Committee, the Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, as delegated by the Board of Directors, decides Director compensation in line with the Company’s inter- nal rules. A majority of the members and the presiding officer of the Compensation Advisory Committee are Outside Directors.
 52 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 53
Type of officer
Total compensation (millions of yen)
Basic compensation
Performance-based compensation
unds
Performance- based compensation
25%
Stock purchase fund
10%
Basic compensation
65%
 Total compensation by compensation type (millions of yen)
Number of individuals receiving compensation
      Directors (excluding Outside Directors)
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members (excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
 Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 
Corporate Officers (As of June 25, 2020)
 Directors
Name Position Age
Years of Service Kawasaki Shares Held
Nomination Advisory Board of Committee
Compensation Advisory Committee
Name Position Age
* Figures for fiscal 2019.
Years of Service Kawasaki Shares Held
Nomination Advisory Compensation Board of Committee Advisory Committee Directors
Meetings Member- Meetings Member- Meetings
Reasons for Appointment
Directors
Meetings Member- Meetings Member- Meetings
Reasons for Appointment
Attended*
ship
Attended*
ship
Attended*
Attended* ship
Attended*
ship Attended*
          Yoshinori Kanehana
Representative Director
Chairman of the Board
66 years old
8 years
22,700 shares
Mr. Kanehana worked in technology and develop- ment in the Company’s rolling stock and overseas businesses for many years. He assumed the office of Senior Vice President in 2012, Senior Executive Vice President in April 2016, President in June 2016, and Chairman of the Board in 2020. Presently, as Chairman of the Board, he demon- strates outstanding leadership, contributing signifi- cantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
17/17
—
11/11
—
6/6
         2 years
8,000 shares
Mr. Hashimoto worked in technology and develop- ment in the Company’s industrial robots business unit for many years. He was appointed Director and Managing Executive Officer in 2018 and Director, Vice President, and Senior Executive Officer in April 2020. He has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since June 2020. In this role, he demonstrates outstanding leadership, contributing significantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
17/17
3
—
3
          Sukeyuki Namiki
Representative Director
65 years old
2 years
9,400 shares
Mr. Namiki worked in technology and development in the Company’s aerospace business for many years. He was appointed Director and Managing Executive Officer in 2018. Presently, as Director, Vice President and Senior Executive Officer, he is in charge of Company-wide Technology, Production, and Procurement, as well as Company-wide TQM, General Administration, and the Rolling Stock Company, contributing significantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
17/17
—
—
—
—
    Mr. Yamamoto worked in planning and finance and accounting in the Company’s plant and infrastructure business as well as its precision machinery business for many years. He was appointed Senior Vice President in 2017 and Director, Vice President, and Senior Executive Officer in 2020. Presently, as Director, Vice President, and Senior Executive Officer, he is in charge of Company-wide Finance & Accounting and Human Resources in addition to Sustainable Development, Investor Relations, and Corporate Communication, contributing significantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhance- ment of its enterprise value.
           Hiroshi Nakatani
Director
59 years old
Newly appointed
3,000 shares
Mr. Nakatani worked in technical development and planning for many years. He was appointed Executive Officer in 2016 and Managing Executive Officer 2019. Presently, as Managing Executive Officer and General Manager of the Corporate Technology Division, he demonstrates outstanding leadership, and is in charge of overall Corporate Planning, Digital Transformation, and the Ship & Offshore Structure Company, contributing signifi- cantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
—
—
—
—
—
         2 years
900 shares
Mr. Tamura has served as Representative Director and Executive Vice President of Asahi Glass Co., Ltd. (now AGC Inc.), Deputy Leader of Overall Business Management, General Manager of Technology General Division, Deputy Leader of AGC Group Improvement Activities, and Executive Vice President, President of Glass Company, and in other important positions. He provides helpful opinions and advice on important management decisions based on his abundant management experience and deep insight into manufacturing from a standpoint independent from the Company’s business execution.
17/17
3
(Presiding officer)
11/11
3
(Presiding officer)
          Jenifer Rogers
Outside Director
57 years old
2 years
1,100 shares
Ms. Rogers has served as an in-house lawyer and counsel at a technology services company and financial institutions in Japan and overseas for many years. She provides helpful opinions and advice on important management decisions based on her extensive international experience and deep insights into legal affairs, compliance, and risk management from a standpoint independent from the Company’s business execution.
16/17
—
—
—
—
    Mr. Tsujimura has served as Senior Managing Director, in charge of Intellectual Property Department and R&D Division of Suntory Holdings Limited, Representative Director, President & Chief Executive Officer of Suntory Business Expert Limited, Director, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, MONOZUKURI Division, and Senior General Manager, Research & Development Department of Suntory Beverage & Food Limited, and in other important positions. He provides helpful opinions and advice on important manage- ment decisions based on his abundant management experience and deep insight into product develop- ment and intellectual property from a standpoint independent from the Company’s business execution.
       Yasuhiko Hashimoto
Representative Director
63 years old
—
Yoshiaki Tamura
Outside Director
65 years old
6/6
                54 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 55
Katsuya Yamamoto
Representative Director
62 years old
3 years
8,200 shares
17/17
3
—
3
—
Hideo Tsujimura
Outside Director
66 years old
Newly appointed
—
— 3
—
3 —
    
  Directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee Members)
Executive Officers (As of September 1, 2020)
President and Chief Executive Officer
Yasuhiko Hashimoto Chief Executive Officer Vice Presidents and Senior Executive Officers
Years of Service1 Kawasaki Shares Held
Board of Directors Meetings Attended2
Audit & Supervisory Board Meetings Attended2
Nomination Advisory Committee
Compensation Advisory Committee
 Name Position Age
Reasons for Appointment
Member- ship
Meetings Attended2
Member- ship
Meetings Attended2
 Sukeyuki Namiki Katsuya Yamamoto
Assistant to the President, in charge of Technology, Production, Procurement, TQM, General Administration, and the Rolling Stock Company
Assistant to the President, in charge of Finance & Accounting, Human Resources, Sustainable Development, Investor Relations and Corporate Communication
           Katsuyoshi Fukuma
Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
62 years old
4 years
1,100 shares
Mr. Fukuma worked in the Company’s planning administration and finance and accounting opera- tions for many years. He was appointed an Audit & Supervisory Board Member in 2016. Presently, as a full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, he contributes significantly to ensuring the sound- ness of the Company’s management and enhancing its enterprise value.
17/17
—
—
—
—
Managing Executive Officers
        17/17
           Akio Nekoshima
Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
61 years old
—
Tatsuya Watanabe Kazutoshi Honkawa Hiroyoshi Shimokawa Hiroshi Nakatani
Yuji Horiuchi
Ichiro Kono Hidehiko Shimamura
Executive Officers
Eiichi Harada Akira Matsufuji Mitsumasa Sato Makoto Shiota Keigo Imamura Nobuhisa Kato Kouzou Tomiyama Hiroshi Ito
Yu Koshiyama Hiroshi Murao Osamu Kobayashi Akiyoshi Saiki Naoki Murakami Motohisa Amako Yasushi Kawakami Yoshinari Tobinaga Noboru Takagi Kouji Ogata Yoshinori Kai
Naoshi Kato Atsuko Kakihara Kenji Sanada
Takeshi Kaneko Katsunori Hosokawa Etsuro Mishima
Tatsuya Motoi
Fellows
Shinji Koga
Toru Nohisa Tsutomu Fujigaki Tatsuhiko Goi Tetsuji Yuasa Akihito Sakai
President, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
President, Rolling Stock Company
President, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Corporate Planning, Digital Transformation, and the Ship & Offshore Structure Company, and General Manager, Corporate Technology Division
President, Motorcycle & Engine Company
President, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
President, Precision Machinery & Robot Company, in charge of promoting automation
Deputy General Manager, Corporate Technology Division
Vice President, Rolling Stock Company, and General Manager, North America Business Division
General Manager, Aerospace Business Division, Aerospace Systems Company
General Manager, Marketing Division
Vice President, Ship & Offshore Structure Company, and General Manager, Corporate Planning Division
General Manager, Finance & Control Division
General Manager, Human Resources Division
Deputy General Manager, Marketing Division, and Senior Manager, Market Research Department
General Manager, Aero Engine Business Division, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Sales Management, staff officer to Rolling Stock Company, and General Manager, Domestic & Asia Business Division
Deputy General Manager, Aerospace Business Division, Aerospace Systems Company
Deputy General Manager, Corporate Technology Division, and General Manager, System Technology Development Center
General Manager, Energy Solution Business Division, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
General Manager, Plant Engineering Business Division, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
Vice President, Motorcycle & Engine Company, and General Manager, Corporate Planning Division
Staff officer to Aerospace Systems Company (on assignment at NIPPI Corporation)
General Manager, Robot Business Division, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
General Manager, Precision Machinery Business Division, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
General Manager, Marine Machinery Business Division, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company, and General Manager, Procurement Division
General Manager, Manufacturing Division, Motorcycle & Engine Company General Manager, Sustainable Development Division
Deputy General Manager, Plant Engineering Business Division, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company, and Group Manager, Industrial Plant Engineering Group
General Manager, Corporate Planning Division General Manager, General Administration Division
Deputy General Manager, Aero Engine Business Division, Aerospace Systems Company, and Group Manager, Commercial Engine Project Group
General Manager, Engineering Division, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
In charge of Production Improvement, Corporate Technology Division
In charge of Aircraft Engineering, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Helicopter Projects, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Gear System Technology, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Submarine & AUV Technology, Ship & Offshore Structure Company In charge of Composite Materials, Aerospace Systems Company
Mr. Nekoshima gained wide-ranging experience working for Mizuho Bank, Ltd., including in interna- tional operations. Beginning in 2012, he worked for the Company in finance and accounting as well as marketing and overseas-related operations. He was appointed an executive officer in 2014 and an Audit & Supervisory Board Member in 2018. Presently, as a full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, he contributes significantly to ensuring the sound- ness of the Company’s management and enhancing its enterprise value.
17/17
17/17
 —
—
         Atsuko Ishii
Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
62 years old
—
—
      1. Years of service include years of service as Audit & Supervisory Board Members when Kawasaki was a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. 2. Figures for fiscal 2019.
56 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 57
2 years
5,100 shares
—
          Satoru Kohdera
Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
61 years old
3 years
1,200 shares
Mr. Kohdera has served as President of the Hyogo- ken Bar Association, Vice President of the Japan Federation of Bar Associations, and in other impor- tant positions, and possesses abundant experience as an attorney and deep insight into legal affairs. He was appointed an Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company in 2017. Presently, as an Audit & Supervisory Board Committee Member, he contributes significantly to ensuring the soundness of the Company’s management and enhancing its enterprise value.
17/17
—
—
—
      17/17
         3 years
300 shares
Ms. Ishii has served in important positions at the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, including as Director-General of the Osaka Labour Bureau, Deputy Director-General, Director-General of the Equal Employment, Child and Family Policy Bureau, Director- General for General Policy and Evaluation, and Director-General of Social Welfare and War Victims’ Relief Bureau, and possesses abundant experience in and deep insight into Japan’s labor administration. She was appointed an Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company in 2017. Presently, as an Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, she contributes sig- nificantly to ensuring the soundness of the Company’s management and enhancing its enterprise value.
17/17
17/17
—
—
—
                Ryoichi Saito
Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
70 years old
1 year
200 shares
Mr. Saito has served in important positions at NSK Ltd., including Senior Vice President, Head of Corporate Planning Division HQ, Director, Representative, Executive Vice President, Head of Corporate Strategy Division HQ, and Crisis Management Committee Chairperson, and possesses abundant management experience and deep insights into business planning, finance and accounting, and risk management. He was appointed an Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company in 2019. Presently, as an Audit & Supervisory Board Committee Member, he contributes significantly to ensuring the soundness of the Company’s manage- ment and enhancing its enterprise value.
14/14
3
8/8
3
4/4
       13/13
  
Compliance/Risk Management
Basic Stance on Compliance
The Kawasaki Group Management Principles, part of the Kawasaki Group Mission Statement, extol the corporate virtue of “recognizing social responsibility and coexisting harmoniously with the environ- ment, society as a whole, local communities, and individuals,” and in the Kawasaki Group Action Guidelines, we ask each and every member of the Group to “earn the trust of the community through high ethical standards and the example you set for others.”
We have established the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct and set ethical standards to be the basis of decisions. At the same time, the Regulations Concerning the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct, a set of internal rules, requires executives and employees to comply with the Code of Conduct.
Compliance Promotion Structure
The Corporate CSR Committee comprises all Directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee Members and is chaired by the Kawasaki president. The committee meets at least twice a year (three meet- ings in fiscal 2019). Its functions are to discuss and determine mea- sures to ensure that the Kawasaki Group fulfills its corporate social responsibilities and maintains thorough compliance, and to monitor the achievement levels and status of compliance efforts. To ensure that the objectives of the Corporate CSR Committee extend to all corporate structures, at the head office and internal companies, business segment CSR committee meetings are held at least twice a year to promote compliance throughout the Group.
Compliance Promotion Structure
Compliance Promotion Initiatives
Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct
In July 2017, we established the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct as a set of ethical standards to guide the decision making of Kawasaki Group executives and employees. This code is a set of common conduct guidelines that all members of the Group must abide by, regardless of the situation or
Compliance Guidebook
The Compliance Guidebook provides knowledge that is neces- sary and useful for ensuring thorough compliance within the Company in an easy-to-understand way. The guidebook is dis- tributed to all executives, employees, and temporary staff at all Group companies in Japan.
The Compliance Guidebook outlines the Group’s compliance system and activities as well as the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System, which serves as the Group’s internal whistle-blower system. The guidebook uses illustrations to present easy-to-understand examples of important compliance- related matters. It is divided into 20 sub-sections within six
Employee Awareness Surveys
The Kawasaki Group implements periodic employee awareness surveys to monitor internal compliance violation risks. Recent surveys aimed at measuring compliance awareness among
Basic Stance on Risk Management
In accordance with the Companies Act, the Kawasaki Board of Directors has adopted a basic policy for internal control systems. This policy stipulates that we identify, classify, analyze, and assess risks and then implement risk management (avoidance, reduction, etc.) in line with the Risk Management Regulation.
Responding to Major Risks
To undertake integrated risk management on a Group-wide basis, each year, divisions responsible for operations re-check for the presence of risks, identify major risks that have the potential to significantly impact operations (Group-level risks), and monitor responses to these risks. Furthermore, they speci- fy a few risk items from among those identified as requiring Group-wide response measures and specifically confirm the status of response to these at the Group-wide level.
With regard to individual risks associated with business
  President
 Corporate CSR Committee
Heads of business divisions (company presidents, etc.)
CSR Department (compliance)
Compliance Reporting and Consultation System
 Reports
 Instructions Reports
Coordination
  Feedback and follow-up
Reporting and consultation
   Instructions
Instructions
Reports
Reports
 Business segment CSR committees
  Business divisions (including affiliates)
Compliance departments
Reporting and consultation, expressing opinions
Guidance, education and awareness raising
Officers/ Employees
             Compliance Reporting and Consultation System (Whistle-blower System)
where in the world they are.
The Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct contains 12 sections
under the theme “Acting Correctly” and 10 sections under the theme “Working with Stakeholders.”
sections: “Securing the Trust of Customers and Business Partners,” “Matters to Be Observed as a Corporate Citizen,” “Data Protection,” “Handling Financial Transactions,” “The Workplace,” and “Responsibilities of Managers.” The guidebook also contains an index of the corresponding sections of the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct and serves as a text for increasing compliance awareness.
The Compliance Guidebook is used in internal compliance training and educational activities. Since the first edition was issued in 2003, its content has been constantly updated in light of evolving compliance requirements around the world.
employees were implemented in 2008, 2011, 2014, and 2018. Survey results are analyzed and reflected in subsequent initiatives.
In addition, to achieve sustained improvements in profitabil- ity and enterprise value, the Kawasaki Group Mission Statement identifies risk management as a guiding theme of the Kawasaki Group Management Principles.
execution, in accordance with such company regulations as the Major Project Risk Management Regulations, the relevant divi- sions must assess and analyze such risks in advance and fully consider appropriate responses. In particular, the Company practices even more thorough risk management for major proj- ects with significant impact on operations, including that at the time of bidding and concluding agreements for such projects as well as regular follow-up by the Head Office and internal companies as needed after the project begins.
 We have established the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System, with an outside lawyer acting as the contact, so that employees (including contract employees, temporary staff, and retired employees) of the Company and domestic consolidated sub- sidiaries can report or seek consultation regarding suspected viola- tions of compliance practices relating to their operations.
Under the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System, employees report to or consult with an outside lawyer directly. The lawyer then investigates to determine whether or not there is in fact a compliance problem, and if a problem is found, advises the Company on how to remedy it. Furthermore, the lawyer reports the results of this process back to the employee who used the system. During the investigation, the employee’s name is not disclosed to the Company without his or her permission. Furthermore, in October 2019, the system began to accept anonymous reports in addition to reports filed under the complainants’ names. By allow- ing anonymous reporting, we are able to gather information on and address a wider range of compliance issues.
The Group works to ensure that employees know how to use this system by providing information on it via such means as the Company intranet, Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct pamphlets, Compliance Guidebook, and Group newsletters.
There were 47 reports or consultations made through the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System in fiscal 2019.
Number of Reports or Consultations (in fiscal 2019)
Abuse of authority 12
Labor issues 14
Disadvantageous treatment of hotline users 2
 Contents of report or consultation
  Cases
      Sexual harassment
1
 Multi-category 5
 Others
(Unethical behavior, inquiries about legal inter- pretation, etc.)
13
 Total
  47
  58 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 59
Note: The numbers of cases listed above refer to reports and consultations received, not those identified as actual compliance violations
Business divisions (headquarters, internal companies, etc.) Kawasaki Group

 Performance Highlights
Net sales
Operating income
(Billions of yen)
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flows
CO2 emissions from business activities (non-consolidated)
ESG-Related External Evaluations
95.9
1,541.0 45.9 55.9
1,594.7 64.0
1,641.3
62.0
(Billions of yen)
86.0 11.8
(74.1)
2015
325
321
328
285
The Dow Jones Sustainability Index is a leading Sustainability Investing (SI) index that assesses and selects leading sustainability-driven companies in terms of economic, environ- mental, and social criteria.
Created by the global index pro- vider FTSE Russell (the trading name of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company), the FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to measure the performance of companies dem- onstrating strong environmental, social, and governance (ESG) prac- tices. The FTSE-4Good indices are used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
The FTSE Blossom Japan Index is designed to measure the perfor- mance of Japanese companies that demonstrate strong environmental, social and governance (ESG) prac- tices. The index is constructed so that industry weights align with the Japanese equity market and uses the globally established FTSE4Good Index Inclusion Rules, which are drawn from existing international standards, including the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes include companies with high ESG ratings relative to their sector peers.
The S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index uses as its parent index the Tokyo Stock Price Index (TOPIX), a leading stock index used to represent the movement of the Japanese market and weights companies based on their envi- ronmental information disclosure and carbon efficiency (carbon emissions per unit of net sales).
Eruboshi (2nd level) certification by Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare
(kt-CO2)
   1,518.8 1,574.2
93.5 28.6
(64.8)
2016
109.7
24.4 (15.4)
301
          56.0
    2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
(24.5) (80.5)
2017
80.6%
466.0 376.0
2017
(85.3)
2018
(69.4)
(84.8)
2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
 (%)
Shareholders’ equity
Before-tax ROIC (Return on invested capital)
Net interest-bearing debt
Net debt equity ratio
(%)
101.2%
76.6%
476.3 461.3
Reduction of CO2 emissions through product-based contributions (non-consolidated)*1
(Billions of yen)
82.5%
431.3 356.2
2015
(kt-CO2)
745
22,924*2
29,126
23,138
 9.4%
5.0%
78.9%
437.2 345.3
2016
898
           3.9%
4.5%
4.2%
365.1
2018
455.6
2019 (FY)
    2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Before-tax ROIC = EBIT (Income before income taxes + interest expense) / Invested capital (Interest-bearing debt + Shareholders’ equity)
Net debt equity ratio = Net interest-bearing debt (Interest-bearing debt – Cash on hand and in banks) / Shareholders’ equity
*1 Estimates based on actual delivery record
*2 The calculation rule has been revised for fiscal 2017. For details, please see
Capital expenditures
Research and development expenses
Net income per share*
Dividends per share*
ROE (Return on equity)
page 24.
Number of employees
Overseas Group companies Japan (People)
(%)
 (Billions of yen)
76.3
43.6 43.6
(Yen)
 82.7 82.1
10.6%
275.6
35,691 36,332
  66.9 48.7
70.4
52.6
6.0%
6.4%
173.0 60
5.8%
164.3 111.7
35
34,605 35,127 35,805 8,708 8,779 9,058
25,897 26,348 26,747
9,520 9,716 26,171 26,616
THE INCLUSION OF Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HERIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
Kurumin (2 stars) certification by Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare
    45.4
4.0%
      120 156.8 60
70
    2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Distribution of employees/companies by region
Return on equity = Profit attributable to owners of the parent / Shareholders’ equity
* Effective October 1, 2017, a 1-for-10 share consolidation was
implemented for ordinary shares. Figures above are calculated assuming the share consolidation was conducted on April 1, 2015
 Share of net sales by segment*
Other ¥102.4 billion
Motorcycle & Engine ¥337.7 billion
Rolling Stock ¥136.5 billion
Ship & Offshore Structure ¥71.6 billion
Aerospace Systems ¥532.5 billion
Energy System & Plant Engineering ¥242.9 billion
Precision Machinery & Robot ¥217.3 billion
Share of net sales by region
Asia, Oceania, etc. 16%
¥255.4 billion
Asia, Oceania, etc. 14% 5,061 employees/
31 companies
The Americas 11% 3,921 employees/ 15 companies
Europe 2%
734 employees/ 10 companies
         The Americas ¥465.4 billion
¥220.5 billion
Japan 43% ¥699.8 billion
 Europe 28% 13%
Japan 73% 26,616 employees/ 41 companies
 60 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 61

Eleven-year Summary
(FY) 2009 Net sales ¥1,173.4 Aerospace Systems1 — Energy System & Plant Engineering1 — Aerospace1 188.8 Gas Turbine & Machinery1 191.3 Plant & Infrastructure1 107.5 Precision Machinery & Robot2 82.7 Ship & Offshore Structure 151.8 Rolling Stock 150.0 Motorcycle & Engine2 203.0 Other 97.8
2010
¥1,226.9 ¥1,303.7
— —
— — 196.8 206.5 202.6 194.6
89.0 122.8 140.3 175.0 118.4 113.5 131.1 132.6 234.4 235.2 114.0 123.2
42.6 [3.4%] 57.4 — — — —
3.0 [1.5%] 7.8 9.5 [4.7%] 7.7 8.2 [9.3%] 14.1
22.3 [15.9%] 26.6 (1.0) [—] 3.9 8.1 [6.2%] 5.1
2014 ¥1,486.1 — — 325.0 218.7 121.1 135.7 90.3 121.5 329.2 144.2 [5.2%] 87.2 — — [9.3%] 36.3 [5.5%] 11.2 [6.0%] 6.5 [8.4%] 10.9 [—] 2.6 [5.1%] 6.0 [4.9%] 14.9 [3.2%] 3.9 84.2 88.0 84.2 51.6
41.6 80.0 44.5
1,662.2 414.3 447.9 846.3 127.6
(62.5) (57.1) (23.4) (15.8) 37.7
2011 2012
¥1,288.8 ¥1,385.4
2015 2016 ¥1,541.0 ¥1,518.8 — — — — 351.8 329.9 236.4 241.9 135.6 160.8 133.1 155.2 94.8 103.2 146.6 137.1 333.5 313.0 108.8 77.4 [5.8%] 95.9 [6.2%] 45.9 — — — — [11.1%] 45.6 [12.9%] 25.0 [5.1%] 16.9 [7.1%] 15.2 [5.4%] 8.5 [6.2%] 2.6 [8.0%] 8.5 [6.4%] 13.1
[2.9%] (7.9) [—] (21.4) [4.9%] 9.2 [6.3%] 3.4 [4.5%] 15.7 [4.7%] 11.7 [2.7%] 2.8 [2.6%] 3.1
93.2 36.6 78.4 41.7 74.8 38.8 46.0 26.2
43.6 43.6 76.3 82.7 49.0 51.5
1,620.4 1,687.3 398.4 400.6 445.6 451.3 829.7 837.9
2017 2018 ¥1,574.2 ¥1,594.7 469.5 463.9 251.6 253.0 — — — — — — 198.9 222.0 95.6 78.9 141.7 124.6 331.6 356.8 85.0 95.1 55.9 [3.5%] 64.0 30.8 [6.5%] 32.6 7.6 [3.0%] 11.6 — — — — — — 21.6 [10.8%] 21.3 (3.8) [—] 1.0
(12.4) [—] (13.7)
2013
2019 ¥1,641.3 532.5 242.9 — — — 217.3 71.6 136.5 337.7 102.4 [4.0%] 62.0 [7.0%] 42.7 [4.5%] 17.5 — — — [9.6%] 12.2
[1.3%] (0.6) [—] (3.8) [4.0%] (1.9)
[2.6%] 1.2 40.4 42.9 39.3 18.6
52.6 70.4 61.2
1,957.8 567.4 471.5 1,023.0
(Billions of yen)
    Operating results
                        Operating income [operating income margin] Aerospace Systems1
Energy System & Plant Engineering1 Aerospace1
Gas Turbine & Machinery1
Plant & Infrastructure1
Precision Machinery & Robot2 Ship & Offshore Structure Rolling Stock
Motorcycle & Engine2
(1.3) [—] —
—
3.7 [1.9%] 8.9 [4.6%] 7.9 [7.3%] 3.4 [4.1%] 1.5 [1.0%] 8.7 [5.8%]
(27.0) [—]
[4.4%]
[3.7%]
[3.9%] [11.4%] [15.2%]
[3.4%]
— —
— — 239.1 280.7 207.0 189.2 115.8 103.8 130.4 123.2
90.3 80.8 129.9 147.9 251.8 322.2 124.2 137.2
42.0 [3.2%] 72.3 — — — —
14.8 [6.1%] 26.2 7.0 [3.3%] 10.4 9.7 [8.4%] 6.3 8.4 [6.4%] 10.4 4.1 [4.6%] (2.0) 2.2 [1.7%] 7.5 2.3 [0.9%] 16.1 1.2 [1.0%] 4.4
39.3 60.6 50.3 65.3 46.1 61.3 30.8 38.6
41.7 40.3 78.6 87.7 48.3 37.8
1,466.2 1,554.4 484.6 444.6 349.8 376.6 822.8 807.6
[3.0%]
[7.5%] [6.3%] [1.6%] [8.4%]
[—] [2.5%]
[3.7%] [8.0%] [7.2%]
[5.6%] [—] [—] [—] [1.2%]
                  (4.9) [—] 2.5 [2.2%]
49.1 43.2 38.5 25.9
37.0 55.3 50.2
1,354.2 429.1 297.4 718.2 81.9
[3.8%] (2.9) [—]
[3.7%] 15.2 [4.0%] 2.9 43.2 35.7 32.9 28.9
45.4 82.1 56.1
1,785.0 446.6 481.3 912.7 56.0
[4.5%] 14.3 [3.4%] 2.5 37.8 41.2 37.8 27.4
48.7 66.9 59.0
1,838.8 439.4 492.2 915.8 109.7
(19.7) 4.5% 5.8%
76.6% ¥164.3 ¥2,851.8 ¥70.0 42.5%
35,691
  Other (1.0) Recurring profit 14.2 EBIT3 1.5 Income before income taxes (3.8) Profit attributable to owners of the parent (10.8)
Research and development expenses 38.0 Capital expenditures 59.2 Depreciation and amortization 51.4 Total assets 1,352.4 Interest-bearing debt 428.9 Net assets 283.0 Invested capital4 705.9 Cash flows from operating activities 30.1 Cash flows from investing activities (63.2) Free cash flows (33.0) Cash flows from financing activities 35.9 Before-tax ROIC (Return on invested capital)5 0.2% Return on equity (ROE) — Net D/E ratio 142.2% Net income per share6 ¥(65.1) Net assets per share6 ¥1,661.3 Dividends per share6 ¥30.0 Dividend payout ratio —
Number of employees (at year end) 32,297
[—]
3.8 63.6 52.9 48.7 23.3
39.9 63.9 48.9
1,362.1 407.1 315.9 713.2 84.7
[3.1%]
                   Financial position (at year-end)
Cash flows
Key performance indicators
28.1 151.7
(81.1) (77.5) (67.3) (74.1) (64.8) (80.5) (85.3) (69.4) (53.0) 74.1 60.2 11.8 28.6 (24.5) 24.4 (84.8)
         86.0 93.5
(15.4)
115.8 4.2% 4.0%
101.2%
¥111.7 ¥2,727.5 ¥35.0 31.3%
36,332
  (52.9) (65.9) 28.9 18.7 (18.8) (26.8) 6.0% 7.4% 9.1% 7.8%
132.1% 121.8%
¥155.5 ¥139.5 ¥1,730.3 ¥1,830.6 ¥30.0 ¥50.0 19.3% 35.8%
32,706 33,267
57.6 6.1% 9.5%
131.9%
¥184.6 ¥2,023.2 ¥50.0 27.0%
34,010
8.1% 11.0% 109.3% ¥230.9 ¥2,171.6 ¥60.0 25.9%
34,620
10.4% 12.9% 83.9%
¥308.9 ¥2,585.8 ¥100.0 32.3%
35,471
9.4% 10.6% 82.5%
¥275.6 ¥2,582.1 ¥120.0 43.5%
34,605
5.0%
6.0% 78.9% ¥156.8 ¥2,617.3 ¥60.0 38.2%
35,127
3.9%
6.4% 80.6% ¥173.0 ¥2,789.9 ¥60.0 34.6%
35,805
                         1. In fiscal 2018, the reportable segments were reorganized: the Aerospace segment and the jet engine business of the Gas Turbine & Machinery segment became the Aerospace Systems segment and the Plant & Infrastructure segment and the energy and marine-related businesses of the Gas Turbine & Machinery segment became the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment. Figures for fiscal 2017 onward are presented according to the reorganized segments.
2. In fiscal 2018, the Precision Machinery segment was renamed the Precision Machinery & Robot segment. 3. EBIT = Income before income taxes + interest expense
4. Invested capital = Interest-bearing debt + shareholders’ equity
5. Before-tax ROIC = EBIT / Invested capital at year-end
6. Effective October 1, 2017, a 1-for-10 share consolidation was implemented for ordinary shares. Figures for fiscal 2016 and before are calculated based on the
assumption that the share consolidation had already been implemented.
62 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 63

Management Discussion & Analysis
Overview
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, in the global economy, the outcome of both the trade talks between the U.S. and China and the negotiations on the new trade agreement between the U.K. and the EU remained uncertain. In addition, with the worldwide spread of coronavirus since the end of 2019, the impact of legally-binding measures in many countries has meant that demand for the transportation of people and goods has declined. Moreover, corporate activities have significantly stagnated on a global level due to factors such as disrup- tions to supply chains, and there are strong concerns that this will adversely affect the real economy going forward.
Amid such an operating environment, the Group’s orders received in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, decreased from the previous fiscal year, mainly in the Aerospace Systems segment and the Ship & Offshore Structure segment. Net sales increased over- all, due to increases in the Aerospace Systems and the Rolling Stock segment and other segments, despite a decline in the Motorcycle & Engine segment, the Energy System & Plant Engineering and other seg- ments. Operating income decreased due to decreases in the Precision Machinery & Robot and the Motorcycle & Engine segment and other factors, despite the improvement in the Aerospace Systems and the Rolling Stock segment. Recurring profit increased due to a decline in the payments for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines and other factors despite the decrease in operating income. Despite an increase in recurring profit, net income attributable to owners of parent decreased due to the partial reversal of deferred tax assets in light of the impact of the coronavi- rus outbreak and other factors.
As a result, the Group’s consolidated orders received decreased ¥75.2 billion from the same period in the previous fiscal year to ¥1,513.5 billion, consolidated net sales increased ¥46.5 billion year on year to ¥1,641.3 billion, operating income decreased ¥1.9 billion year on year to ¥62.0 billion, recurring profit increased ¥2.5 billion year on year to ¥40.4 billion, and net income attributable to owners of parent decreased ¥8.7 billion year on year to ¥18.6 billion. ROIC* was 4.2%, while ROE was 4.0%.
* Before-tax ROIC = EBIT (income before income taxes + interest expense) / invested capital (interest-bearing debt + shareholders’ equity)
Business segment
The following sections supply additional details on the consolidated performance of each business segment. Please note that operating income or loss includes interseg- ment transactions.
Aerospace Systems
Regarding the business environment sur- rounding the Aerospace Systems segment, there is a certain level of demand from the Ministry of Defense in Japan amid the tight defense budget. Although demand for com- mercial aircraft airframes and jet engines was increasing in conjunction with the rise in the number of air passengers, demand for both aircraft airframes and jet engines is expected to decline due to the impact of the coronavirus outbreak.
Amid such an operating environment, con- solidated orders received decreased ¥16.6 billion year on year to ¥414.9 billion due to decreases in component parts of airframes for Ministry of Defense and commercial air- craft, despite an increase in component parts of commercial aircraft jet engines.
Consolidated net sales increased ¥68.5 bil- lion year on year to ¥532.5 billion due to increases in component parts of airframes for Ministry of Defense and commercial air- craft and component parts of commercial aircraft jet engines. Operating income increased ¥10.1 billion year on year to ¥42.7 billion due to an increase in sales.
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Regarding the business environment sur- rounding the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment, in Japan, there is ongoing demand for replacing aging facilities for refuse incineration plants, while over the medium to long term, demand for distributed power sources in Japan and overseas and for energy infrastructure development in emerg- ing markets remains firmly rooted. On the other hand, uncertainty about the future is increasing, as customers’ short-term capital investment decisions may be reviewed due to the impacts of sluggish economic activity and the destabilization of resource prices resulting from the coronavirus outbreak.
Amid such an operating environment, con- solidated orders received decreased ¥11.1 billion year on year to ¥252.3 billion. Although new orders were relatively strong,
including an order for refurbishments of domestic waste disposal facilities, the year- on-year results reflect the non-recurrence of orders received for large projects in the pre- vious fiscal year, including orders for a com- bined cycle power plant and an LNG tank for the Japanese market.
Consolidated net sales decreased ¥10.0 billion year on year to ¥242.9 billion due to a decline in sales of the energy system busi- ness and other factors, despite an increase in construction work volume on chemical plants for overseas customers. Operating income increased ¥5.9 billion year on year to ¥17.5 billion due to the improvement in profitabili- ty of a chemical plant for an overseas cus- tomer and the energy system business and the other factors, despite a drop in sales.
Precision Machinery & Robot
Regarding the business environment sur- rounding the Precision Machinery & Robot segment, in the construction machinery mar- ket, domestic customers reduced production due to the impact of Typhoon Hagibis in 2019, and sales in the South Korean market as well as emerging markets such as India and Indonesia were sluggish, but on the whole demand remained firm. There is uncertainty regarding the future impact of the coronavirus outbreak, but the construc- tion machinery market in China is quickly recovering, and the Company will closely monitor future trends. In China, the robot market is recovering from the temporary deterioration of conditions resulting from the U.S.-China trade friction. In addition, although the impact of the coronavirus out- break is uncertain, demand for robots for the semiconductor market has begun to recover due to the resumption of investment by major semiconductor manufacturers in Taiwan and South Korea, and demand is expected to steadily expand over the medi- um to long term.
Amid such an operating environment, con- solidated orders received decreased ¥6.3 billion year on year to ¥218.8 billion due to decreases in hydraulic components for con- struction machinery market despite an increase in various robots.
Consolidated net sales decreased ¥4.7 billion year on year to ¥217.3 billion due to decreases in hydraulic components for con- struction machinery market. Operating income decreased ¥9.1 billion year on year
to ¥12.2 billion as a result of factors includ- ing a decrease in the number of robots produced in China, increases in the R&D costs of hydraulic components, and a drop in sales.
Ship & Offshore Structure
While demand for gas-fueled vessels is being driven higher by tighter environmental regu- lations and LNG development projects are beginning to take shape, the Ship & Offshore Structure segment’s operating environment remains adverse due to the prolonged slump in the marine transport market, the continua- tion of the South Korean government’s poli- cies supporting its shipbuilding industry, and other issues. As for the direct impact of the coronavirus outbreak, although there have been no requests to push back delivery dates or cancel orders for ships at this stage, there is concern that contract closing dates may be pushed back due to delays in busi- ness negotiations.
Amid such an operating environment, we received new orders for LPG carriers, but consolidated orders received totaled only ¥56.2 billion, ¥24.9 billion less than a year earlier when we received orders for subma- rines for Ministry of Defense.
Consolidated net sales decreased ¥7.2 billion year on year to ¥71.6 billion due to decreases in the volume of construction of LNG carriers and LPG carriers. The segment posted an operating loss of ¥0.6 billion,
a ¥1.7 billion deterioration from operating income a year earlier. The main factors drag- ging down earnings were lower revenue from newly built ships and the posting of losses from operations.
Rolling Stock
Regarding the business environment sur- rounding the Rolling Stock segment, there continues to be stable demand in Japan for the replacement of aging railcars in the medium and long term. Overseas, demand for new and replacement railcars is expect- ed to increase in the U.S., including in the core New York area market. Meanwhile, in Asia, we are planning projects for emerging markets in tandem with the Japanese gov- ernment’s efforts to promote infrastructure related exports. On the other hand, plans for deliveries and orders for domestic and overseas rolling stock projects are expected to be reviewed due to the impact of the coronavirus outbreak.
  64 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 65

Amid such an operating environment, con- solidated orders received decreased by ¥10.3 billion to ¥125.7 billion from the pre- vious fiscal year when we received orders for railcars in U.S., despite orders for railcars for the Shinkansen and subway in Japan.
Consolidated net sales increased ¥11.8 bil- lion year on year to ¥136.5 billion due to an increase in sales of railcars for Japan and U.S., despite a decrease in components for overseas customers. Consolidated operating loss improved ¥9.9 billion to an operating loss of ¥3.8 billion due to an increase in sales, a decrease in temporary expenses in the U.S. projects which were incurred in the previous fiscal year and other factors, despite some projects being delayed to the following fiscal year and being subject to cost fluctuations due to the impact of the coronavirus outbreak.
Motorcycle & Engine
Regarding the business environment sur- rounding the Motorcycle & Engine segment, until the beginning of March 2020, while the modest growth in motorcycle markets mainly in Europe was continuing, some emerging markets were weak. For utility vehicles and personal watercraft, the market grew stably, mainly in the North American market, but in the general-purpose engines market, market growth temporarily slowed down due to inclement weather and the U.S.-China trade friction. After the coronavirus began to spread rapidly in major markets around the world from mid-March 2020, starting with Europe and North America, the market declined significantly due to lockdowns, temporary distributor closures and so on.
Amid such an operating environment, con- solidated net sales decreased ¥19.0 billion year on year to ¥337.7 billion due to the coronavirus outbreak and the appreciation of the yen, primarily against the euro and the other currencies, compared to the same period of the previous year. Operating income deteriorated, for a cumulative down- turn of ¥16.3 billion year on year to an operating loss of ¥1.9 billion. This was due to the drop in sales and an increase in man- ufacturing costs due to the appreciation of the Thai baht against the yen and a recall of off-road four wheelers.
Other Operations
Consolidated net sales increased ¥7.2 billion year on year to ¥102.4 billion. Operating income decreased ¥1.2 billion year on year to ¥1.2 billion.
Consolidated financial position
(1) Assets
Current assets were ¥1,258.7 billion, a ¥122.4 billion increase from the previous fiscal year, due to an increase in trade receivables. Fixed assets were ¥699.0 billion, a ¥3.4 billion decrease from the previous fiscal year, due to a decrease in construction in progress. As a result, total assets were ¥1,957.8 billion, a ¥118.9 billion increase from the previous fiscal year.
(2) Liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities were ¥567.4 billion, a ¥128.0 billion increase from the previous fiscal year. Liabilities were ¥1,486.2 billion, a ¥139.6 billion increase from the previous fiscal year, due to the increase in interest bearing liabilities and other factors.
(3) Net assets
Total net assets were ¥471.5 billion, a ¥20.6 billion decrease from the previous fiscal year, due to the payment of dividends and a decrease in premeasurements of defined benefit plans.
Cash Flows
(1) Cash flows from operating activities
Operating activities used net cash of ¥15.4 billion, a ¥125.2 billion change from the pre- vious fiscal year when operating activities provided net cash of a ¥109.7 billion. Major sources of operating cash flow included profit before income taxes of ¥39.3 billion and depreciation of ¥61.2 billion. Major uses of operating cash flow included expenditure of ¥48.0 billion due to an increase in invento- ry assets and ¥46.7 billion due to an increase in trade receivables.
(2) Cash flows from investing activities
Investing activities used net cash of ¥69.4 billion, which is ¥15.9 billion less than in the previous fiscal year, due mainly to the pur- chase of property, plant and equipment, as well as intangible assets.
(3) Cash flows from financing activities
Financing activities provided net cash of ¥115.8 billion, a shift of ¥135.5 billion from the previous fiscal year when financing activ- ities used net cash of ¥19.7 billion. This was mainly due to an increase in short-term debt.
Given these changes in cash flows, cash and cash equivalents at end of year settled at ¥102.5 billion, up ¥34.2 billion from the beginning of the year.
Management of Liquidity Risk
To manage liquidity risk comprehensively, the Finance Department formulates and renews financial plans in a timely fashion based on reports from each business seg- ment. In addition, measures are taken to diversify sources of financing, to adjust the balance of long- and short-term financing with consideration for financial conditions, to secure commitment lines, etc.
Key Performance Indicators
As key performance indicators, the Company has adopted Earnings (Operating income, Recurring profit, Profit attributable to owners of parent) and Return on Invested Capital [ROIC = EBIT (Income before income taxes + Interest expense) / Invested Capital (Interest- bearing debt + Shareholders’ equity)] as indi- cators for measuring capital efficiency.
In order to quickly clear the ROIC hurdle rate (minimum required level is 8%) in the consolidated group as a whole, the Company will thoroughly manage profit margins in each business segment and aim to improve the enterprise value of the entire group.
With the improvement of these manage- ment indicators, the Company also seeks to improve its Return on Equity (ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent / Shareholders’ equity).
Dividends
As a basic management policy, the Company aims to increase corporate value by consis- tently generating profit exceeding the cost of invested capital. In line with this policy, the Company believes that one priority for management is to engage in cutting-edge research and development as well as inno- vative capital investment required to the achieve future growth and thereby return profits to shareholders by enhancing share- holder value over the long term.
In order to maintain a good balance between enhancing shareholder value and
returning profits to shareholders through div- idends, the Company has set a medium- to long-term consolidated payout ratio standard of 30% corresponding to the consolidated profit attributable to the owners of the par- ent and in light of both the outlook for future earnings and a comprehensive examination of its financial condition, including its free cash flow, D/E ratio (debt-to-equity ratio) and other factors.
The Company has a basic policy of distrib- uting surplus retained earnings as dividends twice a year, once after the fiscal second quarter and once after the fiscal year-end. Interim dividends are authorized by the Board of Directors, while year-end dividends are authorized at the general meetings of shareholders.
     66 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 67

Consolidated Balance Sheets
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES At March 31, 2020 and 2019
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$   974,989 4,348,103 689,534 3,916,714 1,197,822 470,238
(30,938) 11,566,489
1,781,963 1,389,286 571,377 24,754 146,642 520,114 4,434,163
196,251
110,585 1,240 648,700 1,049,371
(16,889) 1,793,017 6,423,440
$17,989,938
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$ 2,399,697 1,015,584 1,527,042 183,773 14,169 56,198 111,863 202,444 132,813
105,339 1,365,524 1,593,825 8,708,316
1,470,183 1,735,358 8,022 7,314 1,193,109
144,161
390,435 4,948,599 13,656,924
960,066
501,167 3,001,250
(1,222) 4,461,270
15,033 (2,499) (103,933) (183,277) (274,667)
146,412 4,333,015 $17,989,938
  Assets
2020
Current assets
Cash and deposits (Note 26)
Notes and accounts receivable—trade
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process (Notes 6, 11 and 13)
Raw materials and supplies
Other 51,176
2019
¥   74,311 427,665 68,176 405,087 119,558 45,333
(3,792) 1,136,340
194,939 148,620 62,705 2,148 18,227 59,028 485,669
16,797
14,501 93 70,179 116,696
(1,422) 200,048 702,514
¥1,838,855
Liabilities and Net Assets
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable—trade (Note 12)
Electronically recorded obligations—operating
Short-term loans payable (Note 12)
Current portion of bonds (Note 12)
Lease obligations (Note 12)
Income taxes payable (Note 25)
Provision for sales promotion expenses
Provision for bonuses
Provision for construction warranties
Provision for loss on construction contracts (Note 13)
Advances received Other
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable (Note 12)
Long-term loans payable (Note 12)
Lease obligations (Note 12)
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 25)
Retirement benefit liability (Note 14)
Provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines (Note 15)
Other
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
Net assets (Note 17): Shareholders' equity:
Common stock: Authorized—336,000,000 shares Issued—167,080,532 shares in 2020
—167,080,532 shares in 2019 Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock—36,587 shares in 2020
—35,196 shares in 2019 Total shareholders' equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
2020
¥  261,159 110,526 166,188 20,000 1,542 6,116 12,174 22,032 14,454
11,464 148,610 173,456 947,726
160,000 188,859 873 796 129,846
15,689
42,491 538,556 1,486,283
104,484 54,542 326,626
(133) 485,520
1,636 (272) (11,311) (19,946) (29,892)
15,934 471,562 ¥1,957,845
2019
¥  247,191 123,083 100,023 10,000 319 10,390 4,991 21,168 13,096
27,609 181,419 124,986 864,280
140,000 187,568 1,513 593 97,602
11,468
43,566 482,313 1,346,593
104,484 54,542 324,606
(130) 483,502
2,682 (227) (4,556) (5,014) (7,115)
15,874 492,261 ¥1,838,855
  ¥  106,108 473,204 75,042 426,256 130,359
               Allowance for doubtful accounts Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment (Note 7 and 12)
Buildings and structures, net Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net Land
Leased assets, net
Construction in progress
Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Investments and other assets
Investment securities (Notes 8, 9 and 12) Retirement benefit asset (Note 14) Deferred tax assets (Note 25)
Other (Notes 10)
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
(3,367) 1,258,781
193,931 151,196 62,183 2,694 15,959 56,604 482,570
21,358
12,035 135 70,598 114,203
(1,838) 195,134 699,063
¥1,957,845
                                                             68 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 69
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

Consolidated Statements of Income
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Net sales
Cost of sales (Note 18)
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Salaries and allowances
Research and development expenses (Note 19) Other
Total selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method
Penalty income
Insurance claim income Other
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses
Payments for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines (Note 20)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020 $15,081,641
(12,595,874) 2,485,767
(520,546) (483,396) (911,541)
(1,915,492) 570,275
6,386 2,646
11,532 25,581 10,944 31,875 89,001
(33,217) (77,911)
(105,669) (70,982) (287,779)
371,488
11,734 11,734
(21,897)
(21,897) 361,325
(96,903)
(78,103) (175,007)
186,309 14,830 $   171,478
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Profit
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 23) Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
Per share amounts (Notes 24 and 27) Net income per share—basic
Cash dividends
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020 $186,309
(9,786) (193) (48,553) (137,986)
(17,789) (214,334) (28,016)
(37,820) $  9,795
U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$   1.03 0.64
2020 ¥1,641,335
(1,370,809) 270,526
(56,651) (52,608) (99,203)
(208,463) 62,063
695 288
1,255 2,784 1,191 3,469 9,686
(3,615) (8,479)
2019 ¥1,594,743
(1,326,668) 268,075
(54,952)
(48,734) (100,364) (204,052)
64,023
909 294
1,574 13 388 3,516 6,696
(3,427) (4,721)
(14,851) (9,857) (32,858)
37,861
— —
—
— 37,861
(16,704) 8,681
2020 ¥20,276
(1,065) (21) (5,284) (15,017)
(1,936) (23,326) (3,049)
(4,116) ¥ 1,066
2019 ¥29,838
(864) (675) (796) 549
(4,867)
(6,654) 23,183
21,220 ¥ 1,962
2019
¥ 164.3 65.0
                               Yen
2020
     ¥ 111.7 70.0
    The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
 (11,500) Other (7,725)
  Total non-operating expenses Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment (Note 21)
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Loss on withdrawal from business (Note 22) Total extraordinary losses
Profit before income taxes (Note 25) Income taxes—current
Income taxes—deferred
Total income taxes
Profit
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
Profit attributable to owners of parent
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
(31,319) 40,429
1,277 1,277
(2,383)
(2,383) 39,323
(10,546) (8,500) (19,046)
(8,022) 29,838 2,385 ¥   27,453
              20,276 1,614 ¥   18,662
   70 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 71

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Balance at March 31, 2018
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year Treasury stock purchased, net
Cash dividends
Loss on sales of treasury stock
Transfer of loss on sales of treasury stock
Capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries
Other
Balance at March 31, 2019
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies Restated balance
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year Treasury stock purchased, net
Cash dividends
Loss on sales of treasury stock
Transfer of loss on sales of treasury stock
Capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries
Other
Balance at March 31, 2020
Balance at March 31, 2019
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year
Treasury stock purchased, net
Cash dividends
Loss on sales of treasury stock
Transfer of loss on sales of treasury stock
Capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries
Other —
Balance at March 31, 2020 $960,066 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
Millions of yen
Number of shares of
common stock Common (thousands) stock
167,080 ¥104,484 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 167,080 ¥104,484 — 104,484 — — — — — — — 167,080 ¥104,484
Common stock
Capital surplus
¥54,573 —
Retained earnings
¥308,010 27,453
Treasury stock
¥(124) —
Total shareholders’ equity
¥466,944 27,453
(7) (10,858)
1
— (30)
— ¥483,502
(4,948) 478,554 18,662
(3) (11,693)
0 — —
¥485,520
Total shareholders’ equity
Foreign currency translation
Remeasure- ments of defined
Total accumulated other
comprehensive Non-controlling
Total net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Accumulated
Deferred Net unrealized gains
gains (losses) (losses) on securities on hedges
¥3,526 ¥403 — — — — — — — — — — — —
(843) (630) ¥2,682 ¥(227)
— — 2,682 (227)
— — — — — — — — — — — —
(1,046) (44) ¥1,636 ¥(272)
other comprehensive income
   — — (7)
adjustments benefit plans ¥    719 ¥ (5,532)
— — — — — — — — — — — —
(5,275) 517 ¥ (4,556) ¥ (5,014)
— — (4,556) (5,014)
— — — — — — — — — — — —
(6,754) (14,931) ¥(11,311) ¥(19,946)
income ¥   (883)
— — — — — —
(6,232) ¥ (7,115)
— (7,115)
— — — — — —
(22,776) ¥(29,892)
Total accumulated other
interests
¥15,324 ¥481,386
— 27,453 — (7) — (10,858) — 1 — — — (30)
549 (5,683) ¥15,874 ¥492,261
— (4,948) 15,874 487,312 — 18,662
— (3) — (11,693) — 0 — — — —
60 (22,716) ¥15,934 ¥471,562
 — (0) 0
(30) —
¥54,542
— 54,542 — — —
¥54,542 ¥326,626 ¥(133)
Shareholders’ equity
(10,858) — — 1 (0) — — — — —
¥324,606 ¥(130)
(4,948) — 319,657 (130)
18,662 — — (3)
(11,693) — — 0 (0) — —— — —— —
           (0) 0
     $960,066
$2,982,689 $(1,195) $4,442,727
(45,465) — (45,465) 2,937,214 (1,195) 4,397,262 171,478 — 171,478
— (28) (28) (107,443) — (107,443)
— 0 0 (0) — — ——— — ——— — $501,167 $3,001,250 $(1,222) $4,461,270
Capital surplus
$501,167
— 501,167 — — —
Retained Treasury earnings stock
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities
$24,644
— 24,644 — — — — — —
(9,611) $15,033
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation
Remeasure- ments of defined
comprehensive Non-controlling
Total net assets
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Accumulated other comprehensive income
adjustments benefit plans $(2,086) $ (41,863) $ (46,072)
interests
$ (65,377) $145,861 $4,523,211
—— (45,465)
income
  — 960,066 — — — — — —
———
     (0) 0
(2,086) (41,863) — — — — — — — — — — — —
(46,072) (65,377) — — — — — — — — — — — —
145,861 4,477,736 — 171,478
— (28) — (107,443) — 0 — — — —
551 (208,729) $146,412 $4,333,015
   (404) (62,060) (137,196) (209,281) $(2,499) $(103,933) $(183,277) $(274,667)
  72 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 73

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before income taxes
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen (Note 1)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$ (661,095)
55,931 (8,591)
11,320 (49,619) 14,353
$ (637,701)
$  953,395 223,725
(265,901) 367,546
(91,886) (107,599) (9,088) (6,101)
$1,064,072
30,258
314,564
627,685 $  942,259
$  974,989 (32,730)
$  942,259
2020 ¥39,323
2019 2020 ¥ 37,861 $361,325
59,022 563,108 (667) 2,187
14 6,496 1,245 8,169
100 12,974 9,336 (148,240)
11,982 97,161 11,468 38,785
(1,203) (9,032) 3,427 33,217
(1,574) (11,532) — (11,734)
— 21,897 58,985 (429,597)
(65,383) (441,680) 6,829 22,062
1,202 30,561 (14,013) (292,447) (1,557) (82,569)
2,284 168,180
1,192 55,169 120,553 (5,513)
3,859 22,972 (3,439) (33,355) (11,211) (126,169)
¥109,762 $(142,066)
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities Purchase of shares of subsidiaries and associates Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable Proceeds from long-term loans payable Repayments of long-term loans payable
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Redemption of bonds
Cash dividends paid
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Supplemental information on cash flows: Cash and cash equivalents:
Cash and deposits in the balance sheets
Time deposits with maturities over three months
Total (Note 26)
2020
¥ (71,947)
6,087 (935)
1,232 (5,400) 1,562
¥ (69,401)
¥103,758 24,348
(28,938) 40,000 (10,000) (11,710)
(989) (664)
¥115,803
3,293
34,234
68,311 ¥102,546
¥106,108 (3,562)
¥102,546
2019
¥(82,836)
605 (1,025)
989 (3,818)
741 ¥(85,344)
¥(10,866) 34,772
(30,709) 20,000 (20,000) (10,868)
(1,950) (149)
¥(19,771)
(696)
3,949 64,362 ¥68,311
¥74,311 (6,000)
¥68,311
     Depreciation 61,283
  Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in provision for sales promotion expenses
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in provision for construction warranties
Increase (decrease) in provision for loss on construction contracts
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Increase (decrease) in provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss (profit) of entities accounted for using equity method
Loss (gain) on sales of property, plant and equipment
Loss on withdrawal from business
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable—trade
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable—trade
Decrease (increase) in advance payments Increase (decrease) in advances received Decrease (increase) in other current assets Increase (decrease) in other current liabilities Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividend income received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
238
707 889
1,412
(16,133) 10,574
4,221 (983)
3,615
(1,255) (1,277) 2,383
(46,753) (48,068)
2,401
3,326 (31,827) (8,986)
18,303 6,004
(600) 2,500
(3,630) (13,731)
¥(15,461)
                                                         74 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 75
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
1.
Basis of presenting consolidated financial statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (together the “Companies”) have been prepared from the financial statements filed with the Prime Minister as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act in Japan and in accordance with accounting principles gener- ally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements from International Financial Reporting Standards. Certain reclassifications have been made in the accompanying consolidated financial state- ments to facilitate understanding by readers outside Japan. In addition, certain reclassifica- tions have been made in the 2019 consolidated financial statements to conform to the classification used in 2020.
The translations of the Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan, using the prevailing exchange rate at March 31, 2020, which was ¥108.83 to U.S.$1.00. The translations should not be construed as rep- resentations that the Japanese yen amounts have been, could have been or could in the future be converted into U.S. dollars at this or any other rate of exchange. As permitted, frac- tional amounts have not been adjusted.
(a) Principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and significant companies over which the Company has power of control through majority voting rights or the existence of certain other conditions evidencing control. The consolidat- ed financial statements include the accounts of the Company and 96 subsidiaries (94 in the year ended March 31, 2019). The aggregate amount of total assets, net sales, profit and retained earnings of the excluded subsidiaries would not have had a material effect on the consolidated financial statements if they had been included in the consolidation.
(b) Application of the equity method of accounting
Investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates over which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are accounted for by the equity method. For the year ended March 31, 2020, 17 affiliates (17 in 2019) were accounted for by the equity method. For the year ended March 31, 2020, investments in 11 affiliates (10 in 2019) were stated at cost without applying the equity method of accounting. If the equity method had been applied for these investments, the profit and retained earnings of these excluded subsidiaries and affiliates would not have had a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
(c) Consolidated subsidiaries’ fiscal year-end
For the year ended March 31, 2020, the fiscal year-end of 30 consolidated subsidiaries (30 in 2019) was December 31. These subsidiaries were consolidated as of December 31, and significant transactions for the period between December 31 and March 31, the Company’s fiscal year-end, were adjusted for on consolidation.
(d) Foreign currency translations
Receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies are translated into Japanese yen at year-end rates. The balance sheets of the consolidated overseas subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen at year-end rates, except for shareholders’ equity accounts, which are translated at historical rates. The income statements of the consolidated overseas subsidiaries are translated at average rates. The Company and its domestic subsidiaries report foreign currency translation adjustments in net assets.
(e) Revenue recognition
<Sales of products and construction contracts>
The percentage-of-completion method is applied to construction contracts if the outcome of the construction activity is deemed certain during the period of the activity. Otherwise, the completed contract method is applied.
(f) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid and low risk invest- ments with maturities not exceeding three months at the time of purchase are considered to be cash and cash equivalents in preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(g) Allowance for doubtful receivables
An allowance for possible losses from notes and accounts receivable, loans and other receivables is provided based on past experience and the Companies’ estimates of losses on collection.
(h) Assets and liabilities arising from derivative transactions
Assets and liabilities arising from derivative transactions are stated at fair value.
(i) Inventories
Inventories are stated mainly at historical cost computed using the specific identification cost method, the moving average cost method or the first-in, first-out method. The ending balance of inventories is measured at the lower of cost or market.
(j) Investment securities
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries classify securities as (a) debt securities intend- ed to be held to maturity (hereafter, “held-to-maturity debt securities”), (b) equity securities issued by subsidiaries and affiliated companies and (c) all other securities (hereafter, “avail- able-for-sale securities”). There were no trading securities at March 31, 2020 or 2019. Held- to-maturity debt securities are stated mainly at amortized cost. Equity securities issued by subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not consolidated or accounted for using the equity method are stated at moving average cost. Available-for-sale securities with available fair market values are stated at fair market value. Unrealized gains and unrealized losses on these securities are reported, net of applicable income taxes, as a separate component of net assets. Realized gains and losses on the sale of such securities are computed using moving average cost. Other securities with no available market value are stated at moving average cost.
If the market value of held-to-maturity debt securities, equity securities issued by non-consolidated subsidiaries or affiliated companies or available-for-sale securities declines significantly, such securities are stated at market value, and the difference between the mar- ket value and the carrying amount is recognized as loss in the period of the decline. If the market value of equity securities issued by a non-consolidated subsidiary or affiliated com- pany not subject to the equity method is not readily available, the securities should be writ- ten down to net asset value with a corresponding charge in the statements of income in the event the net asset value declines significantly. In these cases, the market value or the net asset value will be the carrying amount of the securities at the beginning of the next year.
(k) Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed mainly by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.
(l) Intangible assets
Amortization of intangible assets, including software for the Company’s own use, is comput- ed by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.
An equivalent amount of goodwill is amortized by the straight-line method over the period the Company benefits from its use. If the amount is not significant, it is expensed when incurred.
  2.
Significant accounting policies
  76 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 77

(m) Provision for bonuses
Accrued bonuses for employees are provided for based on the estimated amount of payment.
(n) Provision for construction warranties
The provision for construction warranties is based on past experience or provided separate- ly when it can be reasonably estimated.
(o) Provision for losses on construction contracts
A provision for losses on construction contracts at the fiscal year-end is made when substan- tial losses are anticipated for the next fiscal year and beyond and such losses can be reason- ably estimated.
(p) Provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
Of the costs related to the significant in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines that arose in the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engine program, in which the Company participates as a risk and revenue sharing partner, the Company has made a provision for the abnormal costs related to the in-service issues which the Company would cover as a member of this program.
(q) Provision for sales promotion expenses
With regard to dealer inventories at the fiscal year-end, a provision is made for sales rebates etc., expected to be paid in the next fiscal year and beyond based on past experience or on separate estimates when this can be reasonably estimated.
(r) Retirement benefit liability
Employees who terminate their services with the Company or some consolidated domestic subsidiaries are generally entitled to lump-sum payments, the amounts of which are deter- mined by reference to basic rates of pay at the time of termination and length of service.
The liabilities and expenses for retirement and severance benefits are determined based on amounts actuarially calculated using certain assumptions. The Company and its consoli- dated domestic subsidiaries provide the allowance for employees’ retirement and severance benefits based on the estimated amounts of projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets, including assets in the retirement benefit trust.
Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs are charged to income on a straight-line basis primarily over 10 years commencing with the following period and the current period, respectively. With regard to previously unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecog- nized prior services costs, after adjusting for tax effects, the Company records any accumu- lated adjustment for retirement benefits as part of accumulated other comprehensive income within net assets.
In calculating retirement benefit obligations, the Company uses a benefit formula basis to attribute expected benefits to periods of service.
Employees of the Company’s overseas consolidated subsidiaries are generally covered by various pension plans accounted for in accordance with generally accepted accounting prin- ciples in the respective country of domicile.
(s) Hedge accounting
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries employ deferred hedge accounting. If deriva- tive financial instruments are used as hedges and meet certain hedging criteria, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries defer recognition of gain or loss resulting from a change in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument until the related loss or gain on the hedged item is recognized.
3.
Changes in accounting policies
(t) Finance leases
Lease assets under finance leases that transfer ownership of the lease assets to the lessee are amortized by the same method as that used for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. Lease assets under finance leases that do not transfer ownership of the lease assets to the lessee are amortized by the straight-line-method over the lease term with zero residual value.
(u) Accounting for consumption taxes
National and local consumption taxes are accounted for based on the net amount.
(v) Application of consolidated tax reporting
The Company and its wholly owned consolidated domestic subsidiaries file a consolidated tax return.
(w) Application of tax effect accounting for the transition from the consolidated taxation system to the group tax sharing system
With respect to the transition to the group tax sharing system established under the Act for Partial Amendment of the Income Tax Act, etc. (Act No. 8 of 2020) and the revision of the nonconsolidated taxation system in conjunction with the transition to the group tax sharing system, due to the treatment prescribed in Paragraph 3 of the Practical Solution on the Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting for the Transition from the Consolidated Taxation System to the Group Tax Sharing System (PITF No. 39, March 31, 2020), the Company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries have not adopted the provisions of Paragraph 44 of the Implementation Guidance on Tax Effect Accounting (ASBJ Guidance No. 28, February 16, 2018), and the amount of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are based on the provisions of pre-amended tax legislation.
Consolidated subsidiaries applying U.S. accounting standards began applying Topic 606, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” from the fiscal year under review.
With the application of this standard, when contracted goods or services are transferred to the customer, revenue is recognized at an amount expected to be received in exchange for the goods or services. In applying this standard, the Company adopted the method, as is per- mitted as a transitional measure, of recognizing the cumulative effect of a retroactive adjust- ment at the date of initial application and accordingly reducing retained earnings at the beginning of the fiscal year under review.
As a result, retained earnings at the beginning of the fiscal year under review decreased by ¥4,948 million ($45,465 thousand). In addition, income before income taxes increased ¥3,442 million ($31,627 thousand), while earnings per share increased ¥15.22 ($13.99) compared to the figures that would have been reported if the prior accounting standard had been applied. The impact on net assets per share is negligible.
The following guidance was issued but not yet adopted.
1. The Company and its affiliated companies
• “Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections” (ASBJ Statement No. 24, March 31, 2020)
(a) Overview
The purpose is to provide an overview of the accounting principles and procedures adopted when the stipulations of the relevant accounting standards etc., are not clear.
  4.
Accounting standards issued but not yet adopted
  78 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 79

(b) Effective date
Scheduled to be applied from the end of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021.
• “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No. 31, March 31, 2020)
(a) Overview
To disclose information that contributes to the understanding of financial statement users regarding the details of those items in the financial statements for the fiscal year under review that are amounts based on accounting estimates and that could potentially have a significant impact on the financial statements of the next fiscal year and beyond.
(b) Effective date
Scheduled to be applied from the end of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021.
• “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29, March 31, 2020)
• “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ
Guidance No. 30, March 31, 2020)
(a) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) initiated a joint project to develop a comprehensive accounting standard for revenue recognition. In May 2014, the Boards published “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15 for the IASB; Topic 606 for the FASB). IFRS 15 is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, and Topic 606 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. In response to these developments, the ASBJ developed a comprehensive accounting standard related to revenue recognition and published this standard together with its implementation guidance.
(b) Effective date
Effective from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(c) Effects of application of the standards
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are currently in the process of determining the effect of “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition”on the consolidated financial statements.
• “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Statement No. 30, July 4, 2019)
• “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ
Guidance No. 31, July 4, 2019)
• “Accounting Standard for Measurement of Inventories” (ASBJ Statement No. 9, July 4, 2019)
• “Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Statement No. 10, July 4, 2019)
• “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (ASBJ
Guidance No. 19, March 31, 2020)
(a) Overview
The “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” and “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (hereinafter “Fair Value Measurement Accounting Standard, etc.”) were developed to improve comparability with international accounting standards, and implementation guidance and related standards for fair value measurement have been established under them. The “Fair Value Measurement Accounting Standard, etc.” apply to the fair value of the following items:
5.
Additional information
• Financial instruments specified in the “Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments” • Inventories held for trading purposes as prescribed in “Accounting Standard for
Measurement of Inventories”
Moreover, “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” has been revised and now stipulates the inclusion of explanatory notes provid- ing breakdowns, etc., for each level of fair value of financial instruments.
(b) Effective date
Scheduled to be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022
(c) Effects of application of the standards
The Company is currently in the process of determining the effects of the application of “Fair Value Measurement Accounting Standard, etc.” on the consolidated financial statements.
2. Subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the United States
• Topic 842 “Leases”
(a) Overview
These accounting standards require a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities generally for all leases on the balance sheet, whereas no significant changes were made in the accounting for a lessor.
(b) Effective date
Scheduled to be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(c) Effects of application of the standards
The Company is currently in the process of determining the effects of the application of Topic 842 “Leases” on the consolidated financial statements.
(a) Recognition of revenue on component parts for commercial aircraft jet engines
In the Aerospace Systems segment, we book sales of component parts for commercial air- craft jet engines when our main partners sell jet engines etc., to airlines etc. However, in the past, due to the timing of our obtaining information about sales from our main partner, sales were recorded in the month following a sale by our main partner. From the consolidated fis- cal year under review, we became able to quickly obtain sales information from our main partner, so sales for 13 months’ worth of net sales were temporarily posted in the consoli- dated fiscal year under review. As a result, net sales in the consolidated fiscal year under review increased by ¥9,656 million ($88,726 thousand).
(b) Certain assumptions on accounting estimates associated with the coronavirus outbreak
The Company has postponed the announcement of its forecast for consolidated earnings for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, since it is difficult to reasonably estimate perfor- mance forecast due to the coronavirus outbreak. On the other hand, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the Company has divided China (which experienced an outbreak first) from all other countries, and has made accounting estimates, such as that for determining the recoverability of deferred tax assets and determining loss on impairment of fixed assets under the following assumptions.
(i) China
The spread of the coronavirus peaked in the fourth quarter of FY2019, subsequently set- tled down, and economic activity will head towards normalization from the second quarter of FY2020.
  80 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 81

6.
Work in process
7.
Accumulated deprecia- tion of property,
plant and equipment
8. Securities
Equity securities:
Equity securities:
Sales amounts
¥1,075
Sales amounts ¥965
Losses
¥(14)
Losses ¥—
Sales amounts
$9,878
Gains
$5,072
Losses
$(129)
(ii) Countries other than China
The spread of the coronavirus will peak in the first quarter of FY2020, subsequently settle down, and economic activity will head towards normalization from the third quarter of FY2020.
A trust was established for the Company’s accounts receivable—trade generated in selling certain work in process using a self-settled trust. The Company has a beneficiary interest in the accounts receivable—trade as trust assets. The work in process related to the trust assets as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 amounted to ¥4,479 million ($41,156 thousand) and ¥4,926 million, respectively.
Accumulated depreciation of property, plant and equipment as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 was as follows:
(b) Sales amounts of available-for-sale securities and related realized gains and losses for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Millions of yen Gains ¥552
2019 Millions of yen Gains ¥862
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
         Accumulated depreciation of property, plant and equipment
Millions of yen 2020 2019
¥872,337 ¥838,423
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $8,015,593
(c) Investment securities subject to impairment
Although impairment loss on other securities was recorded for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, disclosure was omitted as the amounts were immaterial.
Impairment loss on investment securities is recognized when there has been a significant decline in the market value. Investment securities for which the market value as of the end of the fiscal year has fallen to below 50% of the acquisition costs are deemed to have no recovery potential and to be impaired. Investment securities for which the market value has fallen to between 30% and 50% of the acquisition costs are deemed to be partially impaired by an amount that takes into consideration the likelihood of recovery and other factors.
Investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were ¥79,495 million ($730,451 thousand) and ¥76,214 million, respectively.
Year ended March 31, 2020
The Company sustained losses (approximately ¥51 billion ($468,621 thousand)) due to breach of contract by an overseas construction subcontractor in connection with a certain overseas liquefied natural gas (LNG) tank construction project. The Company has filed a peti- tion for arbitration on this matter with the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC). The Company plans to settle this matter through the arbitration process, and the expected amount recoverable through the arbitration process has been recorded in “Others” under “Investments and other assets.”
Year ended March 31, 2019
In connection with a certain liquefied natural gas (LNG) tank construction project carried out by the Company overseas, the Company filed a petition for arbitration with the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) during the fiscal year under review concerning losses sustained by the Company due to breach of contract by an overseas construction subcontractor. The Company plans to recover the amount of loss (approximately ¥51 billion) in connection with this matter through future arbitration and has recorded a portion of the expected amount in “Others” under “Investments and other assets.”
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and with regard to the gas-fired power generation facility in Japan constructed by the Company but not yet delivered, the client has informed the Company that they are unable to honor their payment as a result of credit insecurity. On the consolidated balance sheet, assets related to this project are recorded in both trade
     (a) Acquisition costs and book values (market values) of available-for-sale securities with available market values as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
9.
Investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
10.
Claim for damages in overseas LNG tank construction work
Book value
¥4,898
840 ¥5,738
Book value
¥8,008
131 ¥8,140
2020
Millions of yen
Acquisition Unrealized gains
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Unrealized gains (losses)
$26,849
(2,793) $24,047
   Securities with book values exceeding acquisition costs:
Equity securities Other securities:
Equity securities Total
Securities with book values exceeding acquisition costs:
Equity securities Other securities:
Equity securities Total
cost
¥1,975
1,145 ¥3,120
2019 Millions of yen
(losses)
¥2,922
(304) ¥2,617
     Acquisition Unrealized gains
cost
¥3,488
141 ¥3,629
(losses)
¥4,519
(9) ¥4,510
      11.
Uncollected amount relating to gas-fired power generation facility project in Japan
  82 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 83

receivables and work in process. The outstanding unpaid amount due to the Company is approximately ¥20 billion ($183,773 thousand), and negotiations aimed at collecting the unpaid amount are under way, including negotiations on a possible sale of the facility to a third party.
Short-term debt and long-term debt as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 comprised the following:
As of March 31, 2020 and 2019, debt secured by the above pledged assets was as follows:
 Notes and accounts payable—trade
Short-term loans payable and long-term loans payable
2020 ¥ 3
10 ¥14
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $ 28
92 $129
Thousands of U.S. dollars
$  404,199 434,522 370,633 395,893 2,012,515 $3,617,771
2019 ¥ 3
18 ¥21
Millions of yen
¥ 43,989 47,289 40,336 43,085 219,022 ¥393,722
  12.
Short-term debt and long-term debt
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
$1,320,785 206,248
183,773 14,169 $1,724,984
$1,941,615
— 183,773 275,659 183,773 183,773 275,659 91,886 91,886 91,886 91,886 183,773 22,200 3,617,771
(404,199) $3,213,572
Total
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt as of March 31, 2020 were as follows:
   Millions of yen
2020
2019
¥ 71,698 28,324
10,000 319 ¥110,342
¥215,892
10,000 20,000 30,000 20,000 20,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000
— 1,832 367,724
(38,643) ¥329,081
  Short-term debt:
Short-term loans payable, principally bank loans, bearing average interest rates of 0.68% and 1.58% as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively
Current portion of long-term loans payable, bearing average interest rates of 0.68% and 0.50% as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively
Year ending March 31 2021
2022
2023
2024
2025 and thereafter
Total
   ¥143,741 22,446 respectively. 20,000
     Current portion of bonds, bearing average interest rates of 0.66% and 0.68% as of March 31, 2020 and 2019,
   Lease obligations, current Total short-term debt
Long-term debt:
Loans from banks and other financial institutions, partly secured by mortgage or other collateral, due from 2020 to 2029, bearing average interest rates of 0.45% and 0.48% as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
Notes and bonds issued by the Company: 0.68% notes due in 2019
0.32–0.99% notes due in 2020 0.10–1.42% notes due in 2021 0.15-1.10% notes due in 2022 0.18–0.99% notes due in 2023 0.15-0.79% notes due in 2024
0.85% notes due in 2025 0.40% notes due in 2028 0.82% notes due in 2036 0.90% notes due in 2037 0.70-0.82% notes due in 2039
Long-term lease obligations
Less portion due within one year Total long-term debt
1,542 ¥187,730
¥211,306
— 20,000 30,000 20,000 20,000 30,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 20,000 2,416 393,722
(43,989) ¥349,733
13.
Provision for losses on construction contracts
14.
Employees’ retirement and severance benefits
Inventories for construction contracts with substantial anticipated losses and the provision for losses on construction contracts were not offset. As of March 31, 2020 and 2019, the inventories for the construction contracts for which the provision for losses on construction contracts were provided were ¥9,313 million ($85,574 thousand) and ¥20,881 million, respectively. These amounts were all included in work in process.
1. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have a system of retirement and severance lump-sum payments for employees. The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries also have a defined contribution pension plan and a cash balance plan (pension plan linked to market interest rates). A portion of the existing retirement and severance benefits are funded. The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries have a retirement pension plan. The Company has an employees’ retirement benefit trust.
2. Defined benefit plans (including plans that apply a simplified method)
(1) Reconciliation of beginning-of-period and end-of-period balances of retirement
                     benefit obligation
Balance of retirement benefit obligations at beginning of period Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial gains and losses
Retirement benefits paid
Prior service cost
Other (foreign currency translation difference, etc.)
Balance of retirement benefit obligations at end of period
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $1,851,365
110,576 16,677 77,635
(46,495) (17,523) 10,447
$2,002,701
    As of March 31, 2020 and 2019, the following assets were pledged as collateral for short- term debt and long-term debt:
2020 ¥201,484
12,034 1,815 8,449
(5,060) (1,907) 1,137
¥217,954
2019 ¥194,948
11,526 1,848 3,168
(9,564) 81
(524) ¥201,484
   Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $  753
432
735 $1,920
   Buildings and structures Investment securities Other
Total
2020 ¥ 82
47
80 ¥209
2019 ¥ 61
17
80 ¥158
       84 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 85

(2) Reconciliation of beginning-of-period and end-of-period balances of plan assets
(6) Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits
Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits (before tax effects) comprised the following:
 Balance of plan assets at beginning of period Expected return on plan assets
Actuarial gains and losses
Contributions paid by the employer Retirement benefits paid
Other (foreign currency translation difference, etc.) Balance of plan assets at end of period
2020 ¥103,976
1,239 (15,412)
3,879 (4,482) (957)
¥ 88,243
2019 ¥108,200
1,252 (1,589) 3,918 (6,869)
(937) ¥103,976
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $   5,660
(29,566)
¥(28,949) ¥(7,462) $(266,002)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $955,398
11,385 (141,615)
35,643 (41,183) (8,794)
$810,833
Millions of yen
   Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses Total
(7) Plan assets
(i) Main breakdown of plan assets
2020 ¥    616
2019 ¥(1,482)
  (5,979)
(271,671)
      (3) Reconciliation between end-of-period balance of retirement benefit obligations and plan assets to liabilities and retirement benefit liability and retirement benefit asset presented on the consolidated balance sheets
The breakdown of main asset categories as a percentage of total plan assets is as follows:
  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $1,772,976
(810,833) 962,143 229,716
1,191,859
1,193,109 (1,240)
$1,191,859
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $110,576
16,677 (11,385)
2,527
1,755 $120,160
2020 Bonds 24% Equities 55% Cash and deposits 3% Others 18% Total 100%
2019 20%
66% 1% 13% 100%
   Retirement benefit obligations on funded plan Plan assets
Retirement benefit obligations on unfunded plan
Net amount of liabilities and assets presented on the consolidated balance sheets
Liability for retirement benefits
Asset for retirement benefits
Net amount of liabilities and assets presented on the consolidated balance sheets
(4) Breakdown of retirement benefit expense
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of actuarial gains and losses
Amortization of prior service costs
Retirement benefit expense related to defined benefit plan
2020 ¥192,953
(88,243) 104,710 25,000
129,710
129,846 (135)
¥129,710
2019 ¥174,251
(103,976) 70,275 27,232
97,508
97,602 (93)
¥ 97,508
Note: As of March 31, 2020 and 2019, the employees’ retirement benefit trust established as part of the retirement benefit plan is included in the plan assets and represented a 46% and 57% portion of the plan assets, respectively.
(ii) Method for setting long-term expected rate of return
To determine the expected rate of return on plan assets, the Company takes into account the current and expected allocation of plan assets and the expected present and future long-term rate of return on the diverse range of assets that makes up the plan assets.
(8) Underlying actuarial assumptions
The main underlying actuarial assumptions as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were as follows:
           Millions of yen
Discount rate
Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase
2020 0.31–3.02% 0.00–5.50% 6.10–6.50%
2019 0.33–3.76% 0.00–5.75% 6.50–7.20%
 2020 ¥12,034
1,815 (1,239)
275
191 ¥13,077
2019 ¥11,526
1,848 (1,252) 4,624
464 ¥17,210
3. Defined contribution plan
As of March 31, 2020 and 2019, the required contribution by the Company and its con- solidated subsidiaries to the defined contribution plan was ¥2,034 million ($18,690 thousand) and ¥2,372 million, respectively.
The Company participates as a risk and revenue sharing partner on the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engine program, which has been impacted by the challenge of managing significant in-service issues. Rolls-Royce continues to work hard to remedy this situation and has made further substantial progress on the implementation of long-term solutions and mitigation of the near-term impact on customers. The Company made a provision for the abnormal cost related to in-service issues which the Company would cover as a member of this program.
          (5) Adjustments for retirement benefits
Adjustments for retirement benefits (before tax effects) comprised the following:
15.
The provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
 Prior service cost Actuarial gains and losses Total
2020 ¥  2,099
(23,586) ¥(21,487)
2019 2020 ¥382 $  19,287
(133) (216,723) ¥249 $(197,436)
   86 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 87

16.
Contingent liabilities
17.
Net assets
Contingent liabilities as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
21.
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment
22.
Loss on withdrawal from business
23.
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Gain on sales of non-current assets for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 was due to the sale of former dormitory/company housing sites.
Loss on withdrawal from business for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 was due to the withdrawal from certain businesses by the Energy System & Plant Engineering Company.
Amounts reclassified to profit (loss) in the current period that were recognized in other com- prehensive income in the current or previous periods and the tax effects for each compo- nent of other comprehensive income were as follows:
     As guarantor of indebtedness of employees, non-consolidated subsidiaries, affiliates and others
2020 ¥22,515
2019 ¥24,384
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $206,882
     Under the Japanese Corporate Law (“the Law”), the entire amount paid for new shares is required to be designated as common stock. However, a company may, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, designate an amount not exceeding one half of the price of the new shares as capital reserve, which is included in capital surplus. Under the Law, if a dividend distribution of surplus is made, the smaller of an amount equal to 10% of the dividend or the excess, if any, of 25% of common stock over the total of capital reserve and legal earnings reserve must be set aside as capital reserve or legal earnings reserve. Legal earnings reserve is included in retained earnings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Under the Law, legal earnings reserve and capital reserve can be used to eliminate or reduce a deficit or capitalized by a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting.
Capital reserve and legal earnings reserve may not be distributed as dividends. Under the Law, all capital reserve and all legal earnings reserve may be transferred to other capital surplus and retained earnings, respectively, which are potentially available for dividends.
The maximum amount that the Company can distribute as dividends is calculated based on the non-consolidated financial statements of the Company in accordance with the Law.
The ending balance of inventories was measured at the lower of cost or market. Gain on the valuation of inventories included in the cost of sales for the year ended March 31, 2020 was ¥1,941 million ($17,385 thousand). Gain on the valuation of inventories included in the cost of sales for the years ended March 31, 2019 was ¥1,645 million.
Provision for losses on construction contracts included in the cost of sales for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was ¥8,563 million ($78,682 thousand) and ¥14,451 mil- lion, respectively.
Research and development expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses were as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
$  (8,150) (5,017) (13,167)
3,381 (9,786)
(23,835) 23,486
(349) 147 (193)
(48,553) —
(48,553) —
(48,553)
(201,727) 4,291
(197,436) 59,441
(137,986)
(17,789) $(214,334)
          18.
Cost of sales
19.
Research and development expenses
20.
The payments for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
Research and development expenses
Millions of yen 2020 2019
¥52,608 ¥48,734
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $483,396
Unrealized gains (losses) on securities Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit Subtotal, net of tax
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit Subtotal, net of tax
Foreign currency translation adjustments Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments
Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit Subtotal, net of tax
Remeasurements of defined benefit plan Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments
Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit Subtotal, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Increase (decrease) during the year Total other comprehensive income
2020
¥  (887) (546) (1,433)
368 (1,065)
(2,594) 2,556
(38) 16 (21)
(5,284) —
(5,284) —
(5,284)
(21,954) 467
(21,487) 6,469
(15,017)
(1,936) ¥(23,326)
2019
¥  (448) (768) (1,217)
352 (864)
(3,240) 2,258
(982) 306 (675)
(796) —
(796) —
(796)
(4,839) 5,088 249 299 549
(4,867) ¥(6,654)
                             The Company participates as a risk and revenue sharing partner on the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engine program, which has been impacted by the challenge of managing significant in-service issues. Rolls-Royce continues to work hard to remedy this situation and has made further substantial progress on the implementation of long-term solutions and mitigation of the near-term impact on customers. The Company made a provision for the abnormal cost related to in-service issues which the Company would cover as a member of this program. The provision was included within the non-operating expenses.
   88 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 89

24. Dividends
(a) Dividends paid
Year ended March 31, 2020 Resolution
June 26, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders
October 31, 2019 Board of Directors Meeting
Year ended March 31, 2019 Resolution
June 27, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders
October 30, 2018 Board of Directors Meeting
(b) Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
  Kind of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Kind of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Total amount of dividends paid
¥5,846 million ($53,717 thousand)
¥5,846 million ($53,717 thousand)
Total amount of dividends paid
¥5,011 million
¥5,846 million
Dividends per share
¥35.0 ($0.32)
¥35.0 ($0.32)
Dividends per share
¥30.0 ¥35.0
Date of record
March 31, 2019
Effective date
June 27, 2019
2020
¥  7,603 48,812 3,056
1,198 803 1,177 8,591 1,294 548 3,846 3,534
4,789
Net operating loss carryforwards
Other 16,193
2019
¥ 7,337 38,905 2,980
1,483 829 1,167 8,210 1,791 563 3,379 8,549
3,501 763 15,631 95,095
(6,845) 88,250
4,286 1,465 1,150 7,426 4,334
18,664 ¥69,585
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
$ 69,861 448,516 28,080
11,008 7,378 10,815 78,940 11,890 5,035 35,340 32,473
44,004
29,514 148,792 961,711
(146,044) 815,657
41,367 9,942 7,140
68,887
46,926 174,272 $641,376
      September30, December2,
Deferred tax assets:
Provision for bonuses
Retirement benefit liability
Loss from inventory revaluation
Unrealized loss on marketable securities, investment securities and other
Loss on valuation of land
Allowance for doubtful receivables
Depreciation
Inventories—elimination of intercompany profits
Fixed assets—elimination of intercompany profits
Provision for construction warranties
Provision for losses on construction contracts
Provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
 2019
Date of record
March 31, 2018
September 30, 2018
2019
Effective date
June 28, 2018
December 3, 2018
             (b) Dividend payments for which the record date is in the subject fiscal year but the effective date is in the succeeding consolidated fiscal year
3,212
  Year ended March 31, 2020 Not applicable.
Year ended March 31, 2019 Resolution
Gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance(*)
Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities:
Reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets Reserve for special depreciation
Net unrealized gain on securities
Retained earnings for foreign subsidiaries
104,663 (15,894)
88,768
     Kind of shares
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Total amount of dividends paid
¥5,846 million
Dividends per share
¥35.0
Date of record
March 31, 2019
Effective date
June 27, 2019
4,502 1,082 777 7,497 Other 5,107 Total deferred tax liabilities 18,966 Net deferred tax assets ¥ 69,801
   June 26, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders
Common stock
       25.
Income taxes
Income taxes in Japan applicable to the Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries consist of corporate tax (national tax) and enterprise and inhabitants’ taxes (local taxes), which, in the aggregate, resulted in a statutory tax rate of approximately 30.5% for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019.
(a) The significant differences between the statutory and effective tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
(*) Valuation allowance increased by ¥9,049 million ($83,148 thousand). This increase is due mainly to the additional recog- nition of valuation allowance related to deductible temporary differences, which are scheduled to be resolved in the next fiscal year and beyond, in line with an expected decrease in the Company’s future taxable income.
Cash and cash equivalents reconciled to the accounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets in the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
  26.
Cash and cash equivalents
   Statutory tax rate
Valuation reserve
Equity in income of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Tax credit for research and development expenses
Elimination of unrealized profits
Retained earnings for foreign subsidiaries
Other
Effective tax rate
Cash and deposits:
Time deposits with maturities over three months:
Total
2020 ¥106,108
(3,562) ¥102,546
2019 ¥74,311
(6,000) ¥68,311
2020 2019 30.5% 30.5% 19.7 (0.9)
(1.0) (1.7) (1.9) (4.7) 0.3 (1.1) 0.2 1.0 0.7 (1.9) 48.4% 21.2%
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $974,989
(32,730) $942,259
            90 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 91

27.
Profit per share
2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars
   Per share amounts for the years ended March 31, 2020, and 2019 are set forth in the table below.
Currency related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts
To sell
USD EUR Others
To purchase
USD EUR Others
Subject of hedge
Accounts receivable—trade
Accounts payable—trade
Contract amount
$160,719 27,189 3,078
47,634 22,962 44,547
Contract amount over 1 year
$ 8,316 — 312
17,844 2,325 2,830
$31,646
Fair value
$(2,049) 119
(0)
2,196 (349) (110)
$  (193)
Fair value
¥(134) ¥(134)
    Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
$171,478 $171,478
  Basic profit per share: Profit
Profit allocated to common stock
per share for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019.
(a) Outstanding positions and recognized gains and losses at March 31, 2020 were as follows:
2020
¥18,662 ¥18,662
2019
¥27,453 ¥27,453
            Number of shares in millions 2020 2019
     167 167
Note: As the Company had no dilutive securities at March 31, 2020 or 2019, the Company has not disclosed diluted profit
Weighted average number of shares of common stock
     Total $306,147 Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
  28.
Derivative transactions
2020
Contract amount
¥17,500 ¥17,500
2020
Millions of yen
Contract amount over 1 year
¥17,500 ¥17,500
   (Derivative transactions to which the Company did not apply hedge accounting)
Subject of hedge
Long-term loans payable
  2020
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Gain (loss)
$(2,858) 413 2,380
Interest related contracts:
Fixed-rate payment/floating-rate receipt
    amount
¥74,350 11,566 7,609
973
230 1,903 Total ¥96,634
over 1 year
¥ — — 28
— — 6
¥34
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
Contract Contractamount
Fair Gain value (loss)
¥(311) ¥(311) 45 45 259 259
   Currency related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
To sell USD EUR
Others
To purchase
Thousands of U.S. dollars
        Interest related contracts:
Fixed-rate payment/floating-rate receipt
Subject of hedge
Long-term loans payable
Contract amount
$160,801 $160,801
Contract amount over 1 year
$160,801 $160,801
Fair value
$(1,231) $(1,231)
    USD EUR Others
1 1 9
   (13)
(61) ¥ (81)
(13) (119)
(61) (561) ¥ (81) $  (744)
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
     Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
(Derivative transactions to which the Company applied hedge accounting)
(b) Outstanding positions and recognized gains and losses at March 31, 2019 were as follows:
2020
Contract amount
¥17,491 2,959 335
5,184 2,499 4,848
Millions of yen
Contract amount Fair over 1 year value
¥  905 ¥(223) — 13
34 (0)
1,942 239 253 (38) 308 (12)
¥3,444 ¥ (21)
2019 Millions of yen
(Derivative transactions to which the Company did not apply hedge accounting)
   Currency related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts
To sell
USD EUR Others
To purchase
USD EUR Others
Subject of hedge
Accounts receivable—trade
Accounts payable—trade
Contract amount
¥46,271 1,137 10,917
14,860 68 1,544 Total ¥74,799
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
Contract amount over 1 year
¥ — — —
—
— 28 ¥28
Fair value
¥(1,143) 19
(194)
11 (1)
5 ¥(1,303)
Gain (loss)
¥(1,143) 19
(194)
11 (1)
5 ¥(1,303)
 Currency related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
To sell USD EUR
Others
To purchase
                   USD EUR Others
            Total ¥33,318 Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
  92 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 93

(Derivative transactions to which the Company applied hedge accounting)
position of receivables in the same currency. Loans payable and bonds payable are used mainly to raise operating capital and carry out capital expenditure and are due in a maxi- mum of twenty years from March 31, 2020 (eighteen years in 2019). A portion of these instruments is exposed to the risk of interest rate fluctuation. However, such risk is hedged using derivatives (interest rate and currency swaps) as necessary.
In sum, derivatives comprise exchange and currency option contracts used to hedge for- eign currency fluctuation risk on receivables and payables in foreign currencies and interest rate swap contracts to hedge interest rate fluctuation risk on debt. With regard to hedge accounting, see Note 2(r), “Hedge accounting.”
(c) Risk management system for financial instruments
(i) Management of credit risk, including customer default risk
The Company’s sales management functions and those of its consolidated subsidiaries regularly evaluate the financial circumstances of customers and monitor the due dates and balances by customer to identify and limit doubtful accounts.
With regard to derivative transactions, the Company enters into contracts with highly rated financial institutions to reduce counterparty risk. The amount presented in the bal- ance sheet is the maximum credit risk at the fiscal year-end of the financial instruments that are exposed to credit risk.
(ii) Management of market risk (related to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, etc.)
The Company and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries hedge foreign currency fluctua- tion risk on receivables and payables in foreign currencies using exchange contracts, which are categorized by the type of currency and the monthly due date. In principle, the net position of receivables less payables in a foreign currency is hedged mainly with for- ward exchange contracts. The Company and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries hedge interest rate risk on debt using interest rate swap contracts and currency swap contracts.
With regard to investments in securities, the Company reviews its holding policies through periodic analysis of market prices and the financial condition of the issuers, tak- ing into consideration the relationships with its business partners.
With regard to derivatives, in accordance with rules for the provision of transaction authorization, the Company’s finance functions and those of its consolidated subsidiaries manage transactions in accordance with an established set of fundamental policies, such as those covering limitations on transaction amounts, under the authority of the director in charge of finance. Transactions are reported to the director in charge of finance on a monthly basis. Consolidated subsidiaries manage derivatives in accordance with the same rules as those of the Company.
(iii) Management of liquidity risk (risk of the Company being unable to meet its payment obli- gations by their due dates)
The Company manages liquidity risk through its finance department, maintaining and updating its finance plans based on reports from each business division. Liquidity risk is managed through the diversification of financing methods, taking into consideration the financing environment and balancing long- and short-term financing requirements, secur- ing commitment lines, etc.
(d) Supplemental information on the fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments includes values based on market price and reasonably estimated values when market price is not available. However, as variables are inherent in these value calculations, the resulting values may differ if different assumptions are used. With regard to the contract amounts, etc., of the derivatives described in Note 25, “Derivative transactions,” these amounts do not represent the market risk associated with the corresponding derivative transactions themselves.
   Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts
To sell
USD EUR Others
To purchase
USD EUR Others
Subject of hedge
Accounts receivable—trade
Accounts payable—trade
2019
Contract amount
¥22,694 10,761 906
8,231 2,841 3,364
Millions of yen
Contract amount over 1 year
¥3,354 — 102
3,027 220 589 ¥7,294
Fair value
¥(333) 133
(33)
221 (133)
16 ¥(129)
Fair value
¥(79) ¥(79)
                    Total ¥48,799
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
  2019
Millions of yen
   Interest related contracts:
Fixed-rate payment/floating-rate receipt
Subject of hedge
Long-term loans payable
Contract amount
¥7,500 ¥7,500
Contract amount over 1 year
¥7,500 ¥7,500
      29 .
Financial instruments
Information related to financial instruments as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 was as follows.
(1) Matters related to the status of financial instruments
(a) Policies on the use of financial instruments
The Company meets its long-term operating capital and capital expenditure requirements through bank loans and the issuance of bonds and meets its short-term operating capital requirements through bank loans and the issuance of short-term bonds (electronic commer- cial paper). Temporary surplus funds are managed in the form of financial assets that have a high level of safety. The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to hedge the risks described below and does not engage in speculative transactions as a matter of policy.
(b) Details of financial instruments and risks associated with those instruments
Notes and accounts receivable—trade are exposed to the credit risk of customers. The Company operates internationally and has significant exposure to the risk of fluctuation in foreign exchange rates. However, this risk is hedged using exchange contracts, etc., against the net position of foreign currency exposure. Investments in securities comprise mainly equity securities of companies with which the Company conducts business and are held to maintain relationships with these business partners. With such securities, listed stocks are exposed to market fluctuation risk.
Almost all notes and accounts payable—trade and electronically recorded obligations are due within one year. A portion of accounts payable—trade are denominated in foreign cur- rency—specifically those related to payment for imported materials, etc., and are exposed to the risk of foreign currency fluctuation. However, this risk is mitigated principally by the position of accounts payable—trade denominated in foreign currency being less than the
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
  94 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 95

(2) Fair values of financial instruments
The book values, the fair values and the differences between these values as of March 31, 2020 were as follows (Financial instruments for which the fair value was extremely difficult to determine were not included, as described in remark (ii)):
<Liabilities>
• Notes and accounts payable—trade, Electronically recorded obligations—operating, short- term loans payable and current portion of long-term loans payable
Since the settlement periods of these items are short and their fair values are sub- stantially the same as their book values, the relevant book values are used.
• Long-term debt, less current portion
The fair value of bonds payable is stated at the market price. The fair value of long- term loans payable is calculated by applying a discount rate to the total principal and interest. That discount rate is based on the interest rates of similar new loans.
2020
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Unrealized gains (losses)
$    — (652)
— $  (652)
— —
—
(1,810) $(1,810) $    —
 Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable—trade Investment securities
Total assets
Notes and accounts payable—trade
Electronically recorded obligations—operating
Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (excluding lease obligations)
Long-term debt, less current portion (excluding lease obligations)
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*)
Book value
¥106,108 473,204 5,738 ¥585,052 261,159 110,526
186,188
Fair value
¥106,108 473,133 5,738 ¥584,981 261,159 110,526
186,188
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥   — (71)
— ¥ (71)
— —
—
(197) ¥(197) ¥   —
<Derivatives>
See Note 28, “Derivative transactions.”
(ii) Financial instruments for which the fair value is extremely difficult to determine.
      348,859
¥906,733
¥   (237) ¥   (237)
2020 ¥ 6,117
2019 ¥ 6,361
— 10,639 65,574 ¥82,575
348,662 ¥906,536
Unlisted equity securities and investments in partnerships Convertible bonds
Stocks of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Investments in affiliates
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $ 56,207
1,645 133,419 597,023 $788,303
        (*) Derivative financial instruments are presented as net amounts. Negative amounts stated with parentheses ( ) indicate that the net amount is a liability.
The book values, fair values and the differences between these values as of March 31, 2019 were as follows (Financial instruments for which the fair value was extremely difficult to determine were not included, as described in remark (ii)):
179 14,520 64,974 Total ¥85,791
   Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable—trade Investment securities
Total assets
Notes and accounts payable—trade
Electronically recorded obligations—operating
Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (excluding lease obligations)
Long-term debt, less current portion (excluding lease obligations)
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*)
Book value ¥ 74,311 427,665 8,140 ¥510,117 247,191 123,083
110,023
Fair value ¥ 74,311 427,641 8,140 ¥510,094 247,191 123,083
110,023
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥    — (23)
— ¥  (23)
— —
—
1,768 ¥1,768 ¥    —
2020
Millions of yen
2019 Millions of yen
(iii)
Since no market values are available for these items and since it is extremely difficult to determine their fair values, the items listed in the table above are not included in investment securities.
Planned redemption amounts after the balance sheet date for monetary receivables and investment securities with maturity dates as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
  Within 1 year
Over 5 years but within 10 years
Over 1 year but within 5 years
¥34,484 ¥—
2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars
  Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable—trade
Convertible bonds
Total ¥545,008
Within 1 year
Over 10 years
¥— — 179 — —
¥106,108 438,899 —
¥     — 34,305
¥— —
        327,568
¥807,867
¥  (1,511) ¥  (1,511)
¥—
Over 10 years
$— —— ——
329,337 ¥809,636
 Over 1 year but within 5 years
$      — 315,216 1,645 $316,861
Over 5 within
years but 10 years
   (*) Derivative financial instruments are presented as net amounts. Negative amounts stated with parentheses ( ) indicate that the net amount is a liability.
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable—trade
Convertible bonds
Total $5,007,884
$  974,989 4,032,886 —
$—
  (i)
Methods used to calculate the fair value of financial instruments and details of securities and derivative instruments
<Assets>
• Cash and deposits
The book values are used as the fair values since the settlement periods of these items are short and their fair values are substantially the same as their book values.
• Notes and accounts receivable—trade
The fair value of notes and accounts payable—trade is stated at present value computed by applying a discount rate reflecting the settlement period and the credit risk.
• Investment securities
Equity securities are stated at the fair value, and bonds are stated at market price. See Note 2(j), “Investment securities,” for the detailed information by classification.
$—
years but 10 years
¥— — ¥—
$—
Over 10 years ¥—
— ¥—
  Within 1 year ¥ 74,311 408,527 Total ¥482,839
Over 1 year but within 5 years
¥     — 19,137 ¥19,137
Over 5 within
2019 Millions of yen
 Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable—trade
   96 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 97
(iv)
Planned repayment amounts after the balance sheet date for bonds payable and long-term loans payable.
See Note 12, “Short-term debt and long-term debt.”

30.
Finance leases
Finance leases commenced prior to April 1, 2008 which do not transfer ownership of the leased assets to the lessee are accounted for as operating leases. Information regarding such leases, as required to be disclosed in Japan, is as follows:
<Lessee>
The original costs of leased assets under non-capitalized finance leases and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization, assuming it was calculated by the straight- line method over the term of the respective lease, as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
32.
Segment information
(a) Overview of reportable segments
The Company’s reportable segments are components of the Company about which separate financial information is available. These segments are subject to periodic review by the Company’s Board of Directors to decide how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company’s operations are divided into internal companies based on product categories. Certain authority is delegated to each of the internal companies based on whether they con- duct business in Japan or overseas. The Company’s operations are, therefore, segmented based on each internal company’s product categories. The Company’s seven reportable seg- ments are the Aerospace Systems segment, the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment, the Precision Machinery & Robot segment, the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, the Rolling Stock segment, the Motorcycle & Engine segment, and the Other segment.
The main businesses in the Company’s reportable segments are set forth in the table below.
    Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation
Intangible assets Accumulated amortization
2020 ¥1,579
(1,239) ¥  339
—
— ¥   —
2019 ¥2,340
(1,853) ¥  487
—
— ¥   —
Business segment
Aerospace Systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Ship & Offshore Structure
Rolling Stock
Motorcycle & Engine
Other
Major products
Production and sale of aircraft, jet engines, etc.
Production and sale of general purpose gas turbine generators, prime movers, industrial equipment, boilers, environmental equipment, steel structures, crushers, etc.
Production and sale of industrial hydraulic products, industrial robots, etc.
Construction and sale of ships and other vessels, etc.
Production and sale of rolling stock, etc.
Production and sale of motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles (ATV), utility vehi- cles, personal watercraft (“JET SKI”), general purpose gasoline engines, etc.
Commercial activities, sales/order agency and intermediary activities, administration of welfare facilities, etc.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $14,509
(11,385) $ 3,115
—
— $     —
             The present values of future minimum lease payments under non-capitalized finance leases as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
    Current portion Non-current portion
Total
Millions of yen 2020 2019
¥145 ¥162 237 383 ¥383 ¥546
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $1,332
2,178 $3,519
(b) Calculation methods for sales, profit (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by report- able segment
Accounting methods applied for the calculation of sales, profit (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by business segment largely correspond to the information presented under Note 2, “Significant accounting policies.” Segment profit is based on operating profit. Intersegment sales and transfers are based on market prices.
As stated in Note 3 “Changes in accounting policies,” consolidated subsidiaries applying U.S. accounting standards began applying Topic 606, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” from the fiscal year under review. In conjunction with this, the method for calcu- lating segment profit and loss was similarly changed. With these changes, the segment profit for the Motorcycle & Engine segment for the fiscal year under review increased by ¥3,442 million ($31,627 thousand) over the amount that would have been reported if the previous accounting standard had been applied.
   Lease payments, “as if capitalized” depreciation and amortization and interest expense for non-capitalized finance leases for the years ended March 31, 2020, and 2019 were as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $1,608
1,360 110
 Lease payments
Depreciation and amortization Interest
2020 ¥175
148 12
2019 ¥361
311 19
   31.
Operating leases
The schedule of future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $ 35,404
157,769 $193,173
 Within one year Over one year
Total
2020 ¥ 3,853
17,170 ¥21,023
2019 ¥ 3,609
14,817 ¥18,426
   98 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 99

(c) Sales, profit (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by reportable segment
Year ended March 31, 2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars
External sales
Segment Depreciation/ assets amortization
and intangible assets
¥25,121 3,048 12,845 1,355
2,740 21,353 745 ¥67,210 3,284 ¥70,495
Increase in property, plant and
Investment equipment
Aerospace Systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Ship & Offshore Structure
Total
$ 4,952,927
2,516,246
2,140,191
741,799 1,254,902 3,110,622 1,298,925
Sales
Intersegment sales and transfers
Other items
Increase in property, plant and
Year ended March 31, 2020
Millions of yen
Sales
Intersegment sales and transfers
$ 59,515 283,663 142,690
83,148 165 7,094 357,686 $933,998
(933,998) $      —
Other items
Investment equipment
Segment profit (loss)
Increase in property, plant and
Investment equipment
External sales
$ 4,893,403
2,232,583
1,997,492
658,642 1,254,737 3,103,528
Segment profit (loss)
Segment assets
in equity Depreciation/ method amortization affiliates
and intangible assets
$230,828 28,007 118,028 12,451
25,177 196,205 6,846 $617,569 30,176 $647,753
in equity method affiliates
¥     — 18,621 1,737 44,930
135 1,601 3,682 ¥70,708 — ¥70,708
Other items
   Aerospace Systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Ship & Offshore Structure
Rolling Stock Motorcycle & Engine Other
Total Adjustments Consolidated total
Aerospace Systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Ship & Offshore Structure
Rolling Stock Motorcycle & Engine Other
Total Adjustments Consolidated total
¥  532,549 ¥  6,477
Total
¥  539,027 273,843 232,917 80,730
$393,063 $ 6,845,980 161,408 2,892,153 112,203 1,870,119
(5,853) 1,154,479 (35,091) 1,945,778 (17,899) 2,592,897 11,348 865,331
$619,186 $18,166,765 (48,902) (176,817) $15,081,641 $570,275 $17,989,938
$207,103 30,892 85,261 14,932
23,275 146,678 14,353 $522,521 40,586 $563,108
$      — 171,102 15,961 412,846
1,240 14,711 33,833
$649,711 — $649,711
¥42,777 ¥  745,048 ¥22,539 17,566 314,753 3,362 12,211 203,525 9,279
(637) 125,642 1,625 (3,819) 211,759 2,533 (1,948) 282,185 15,963
1,235 94,174 1,562 ¥67,386 ¥1,977,089 ¥56,866 (5,322) (19,243) 4,417 ¥1,641,335 ¥      — ¥1,641,335 ¥62,063 ¥1,957,845 ¥61,283
Year ended March 31, 2019 Millions of yen
  242,972 217,387
30,871 15,529
    71,680 136,553 337,757 102,435
Rolling Stock
Motorcycle & Engine
Other 941,239
9,049 18 772 38,927 ¥1,641,335 ¥101,647
136,571 338,529 141,362
Total $15,081,641 Adjustments — Consolidated total $15,081,641
$16,015,648 (933,998)
          — (101,647)
¥1,742,983 (101,647)
   External sales
¥  463,958 253,041 222,095 78,974
124,689 356,847 95,136 ¥1,594,743 — ¥1,594,743
Total ¥  476,048
272,940 239,247
83,523 124,716 357,566 136,273
Segment profit (loss)
¥32,611 11,634 21,352
1,090 (13,797)
Segment assets
¥  649,260 301,798 205,199 121,918
211,102
Depreciation/ amortization
¥21,299 3,412 8,220 1,559
2,615 15,317 1,527 ¥53,953 5,069 ¥59,022
in equity method affiliates
¥     — 18,552 634 45,955
133 1,549 3,509 ¥70,334 — ¥70,334
and intangible assets
¥24,022 2,237 11,636 2,360
3,358 18,505 861 ¥62,982 3,918 ¥66,900
Net sales
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions
Net sales on the consolidated financial statements
Profit
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions Corporate expenses (*)
Operating profit (loss) on the consolidated financial statements
2020
¥1,742,983 (101,647)
2019
¥1,690,316 (95,572)
Sales
Intersegment sales and transfers
¥12,089 19,899 17,151
4,549 27 718 41,136 ¥95,572
(d) Reconciliation and the main components of differences between the total for reportable segments and amounts on the consolidated financial statement for the years ended March 31, 2020, and 2019
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
$16,015,648 (933,998)
$15,081,641
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
$619,186 1,920
(50,832) $570,275
      ¥1,641,335
¥1,594,743 Millions of yen
       14,366
2,501 93,601
2020
¥67,386 209
(5,532) ¥62,063
2019
¥69,760 (181) (5,555)
¥64,023
283,770
    ¥1,690,316 (95,572)
¥69,760 ¥1,866,652 (5,737) (27,797) ¥     — ¥1,594,743 ¥64,023 ¥1,838,855
  (95,572)
(*) Corporate expenses comprise mainly general and administrative expenses not attributed to reportable segments.
    Assets
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions
Corporate assets shared by all segments (*)
Total assets on the consolidated financial statements
2020
¥1,977,089 (107,921)
88,678 ¥1,957,845
2019
¥1,866,652 (102,520)
74,723 ¥1,838,855
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
$18,166,765 (991,648)
814,830 $17,989,938
     100 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 101
(*) Corporate assets shared by all segments comprise mainly fixed assets not attributed to reportable segments.

Other items Depreciation/amortization
Increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
¥56,866 67,210
¥53,953 62,982
¥4,417 3,284
¥5,069 3,918
¥61,283 70,495
¥59,022 66,900
Type
Name
Location
Capital or investment
Business or position
Rate of ownership (%)
Description of relationship
Details of transactions
Amount of transactions
Account
Ending balance
Account
Ending balance
Type
Name
Location
Capital or investment
Business or position
Rate of ownership (%)
Description of relationship
Details of transactions
Amount of transactions
Account
Ending balance
Account
Ending balance
Year ended March 31, 2020
Non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company
Affiliate of the Company
Commercial Airplane Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
¥10 million ($92 thousand)
Sales of transportation machinery
Directly 40%
Sales of Company products and board members
Sales of Company products
¥118,869 million ($1,092,245 thousand)
Accounts receivable—trade
¥56,654 million ($520,573 thousand)
Advances received
¥52,346 million ($480,989 thousand)
Year ended March 31, 2019 Non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company
Affiliate of the Company
Commercial Airplane Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
¥10 million
Sales of transportation machinery
Directly 40%
Sales of Company products and board members
Sales of Company products
¥115,035 million
Accounts receivable—trade
¥15,003 million
Advances received
¥61,246 million
2020 2019 Total for reportable
segments
Millions of yen 2020 2019
Adjustments (*)
2020 2019 Amounts reported on the
consolidated financial statements
33.
Related party transactions
(a) Related party transactions for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
        (*) Adjustment is due mainly to fixed assets not attributed to reportable segments.
      Other items Depreciation/amortization
Increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
(e) Related information
(i) Sales by geographic region
Total for reportable segments
$522,521 617,569
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Adjustments
$40,586 30,176
Amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements
$563,108 647,753
                   Net sales for the years ended March 31, 2020, and 2019 were as follows:
Millions of yen
2019 ¥  673,963
393,066 187,764 260,230
79,718 ¥1,594,743
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $ 6,430,938
3,795,782 2,026,776 2,174,832
653,294 $15,081,641
  Japan
United States
Europe 220,574 Asia 236,687
2020 ¥  699,879
   413,095
      Other areas Total
71,098 ¥1,641,335
     Net sales are based on the clients’ location and classified according to country or geographical region.
   Property, plant and equipment
  2020 Japan ¥421,567 North America 29,134 Europe 3,259 Asia 28,116
2019 ¥422,286
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $3,873,629
267,702 29,946 258,348 4,530 $4,434,163
      Other areas Total
(ii) Information by major clients
Clients
Ministry of Defense
Clients
Ministry of Defense
30,806 3,219 28,775 493 582 ¥482,570 ¥485,669
(b) A summary of the total financial information of affiliates, which was the basis for calcu- lating the equity in income of the non-consolidated affiliates, including that of Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd., which is a significant affiliate, for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:
 2020 ¥161,524
141,628 108,542 37,795 156,813 217,702 7,133 Profit 4,708
2019 ¥167,183
149,961 122,176 37,275 157,693 197,268 7,616 5,293
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 $1,484,186
1,301,369 997,354 347,285
1,440,899 2,000,386 65,543 43,260
   Year ended March 31, 2020
Current assets Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Net assets
  Net sales
¥256,839 million ($2,360,002 thousand)
Related segments
  Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, Ship & Offshore Structure, etc.
    Year ended March 31, 2019
Net sales
Profit before income taxes
  Net sales
¥216,989 million
Related segments
Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, Ship & Offshore Structure, etc.
   102 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 103

34.
Subsequent events
(Issuance of Corporate Bonds)
The Company issued straight bonds pursuant to a resolution at the Company’s Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 21, 2020. The contents are as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2020
Net sales
Profit (loss) before income taxes
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Profit (loss) per share—basic
(b) Material lawsuits, etc.
<Snow disaster at NIPPI Corporation>
1st Quarter
$3,223,174 (40,347)
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2nd Quarter 3rd Quarter 4th Quarter
$6,768,033 $10,433,189 $15,081,641
    19,360 131,149
361,325 171,478
$1.03
  1. The 55th unsecured straight bond
(75,797) (34,301)
U.S. dollars
$(0.45) $(0.21)
43,756 $0.26
  Issue date
Total amount of issue
Issue price
Interest rate
Maturity date
Type
Usage of funds
Method of offering
June 11, 2020
¥20 billion ($183,773 thousand)
¥100 ($0.92) per face value of ¥100 ($0.92)
0.06% per annum
June 9, 2023
Unsecured
Redemption of bonds and repayment of borrowings
Public offering
Due to the heavy snowfall on February 15, 2014, an aircraft hangar’s roof at a consolidated subsidiary’s NIPPI Corporation’s Atsugi Plant collapsed, causing damage to aircraft of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force under regular maintenance in the hangar. The Company and NIPPI Corporation entered into discussions with the Japan Ministry of Defense regarding how this matter should be handled. However, in July 2017, the Ministry of Defense, based on the contention that it had suffered losses totaling ¥1,900 million ($17,458 thousand), executed an offset for the same amount in relation to a payment claim held by the Company vis-à-vis the Ministry of Defense (central government). The Company did not accept the Ministry of Defense’s contention or its execution of the offset and, consequently, demanded payment from the Ministry of Defense of the ¥1,900 million that had been subject to the offset. However, the Ministry of Defense did not comply with the Company’s demand, lead- ing the Company to institute legal proceedings in October 2017 at the Tokyo District Court seeking payment of the amount in question. A settlement was reached on this matter with the Ministry of Defense in December 2019, in which the Ministry of Defense settled the out- standing ¥1,900 million payment to the Company. This has had no effect on the Company’s income or loss.
<Receipt of customs duty reassessment notification in the Kingdom of Thailand>
KAWASAKI MOTORS ENTERPRISE (THAILAND) CO., LTD. (hereinafter, “KMT”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company in the Kingdom of Thailand, received a reassessment notification of customs duties for 4,029 million baht (equivalent to approximately ¥14,000 million ($128,641 thousand) when converted at a rate of 0.29 yen to 1 baht) from the Revenue Department of Thailand. KMT had until that time filed its customs duties in accordance with guidance from the Revenue Department. Since the content of the notification of reassess- ment lacked a legitimate basis and was extremely unreasonable, KMT could not accept it and submitted an appeal of the reassessment to the Commission of Appeal, the appeals body for tax assessments received from the Revenue Department of Thailand. Based on the opinion of attorneys consulted regarding this matter, the Company maintains that there is a strong possibility KMT’s assertion will be upheld.
<Claim for damages in overseas LNG tank construction work>
In connection with a certain liquefied natural gas (LNG) tank construction project carried out by the Company overseas, the Company filed a petition for arbitration with The International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) concerning losses sustained by the Company due to the breach of contract by an overseas construction subcontractor. During the arbitration proceedings, the counterparty claimed damages from the Company, but the Company believes that these claims lack legitimate grounds and are thus unjustified. The Company will continue to assert the legitimacy of its claims through the arbitration process.
         2. The 56th unsecured straight bond
 Issue date
Total amount of issue
Issue price
Interest rate
Maturity date
Type
Usage of funds
Method of offering
June 11, 2020
¥30 billion ($275,659 thousand)
¥100 ($0.92) per face value of ¥100 ($0.92)
0.26% per annum
June 11, 2025
Unsecured
Redemption of bonds and repayment of borrowings
Public offering
        3. The 57th unsecured straight bond
 Issue date
Total amount of issue
Issue price
Interest rate
Maturity date
Type
Usage of funds
Method of offering
(a) Quarterly financial information
Year ended March 31, 2020
June 11, 2020
¥10 billion ($91,886 thousand)
¥100 ($0.92) per face value of ¥100 ($0.92)
0.48% per annum
June 11, 2030
Unsecured
Redemption of bonds and repayment of borrowings
       Public offering
 35.
Other matters
   Net sales
Profit (loss) before income taxes
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Profit (loss) per share—basic
1st Quarter
¥350,778 (4,391) (8,249)
¥(49.38)
Millions of yen
2nd Quarter 3rd Quarter ¥736,565 ¥1,135,444
4th Quarter
¥1,641,335 39,323 18,662
¥111.72
 2,107 (3,733)
Yen
¥(22.34)
14,273 4,762
¥28.50
    104 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 105

    Independent auditor’s report
To the Board of Directors of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.:
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. (“the Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at March 31, 2020 and 2019, the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net assets and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes, comprising a summary of significant accounting policies, other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2020 and 2019, and its consolidated financial performance and cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in Japan, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
The audit and supervisory committee are responsible for overseeing the directors’ performance of their duties including the design, implementation and maintenance of the Group’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, while the objective of the audit is not to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
 Evaluate whether the presentation and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements are in accordance with accounting standards generally accepted in Japan, the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the audit and supervisory committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the audit and supervisory committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
        Responsibilities of Management and the Audit and Supervisory Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements
 106 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 107

  Convenience Translation
The U.S. dollar amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to the year ended March 31, 2020 are presented solely for convenience. Our audit also included the translation of yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts and, in our opinion, such translation has been made on the basis described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
Interest required to be disclosed by the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan
We do not have any interest in the Group which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the provisions of the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan.
Tanaka Motohiro
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Narumoto Koji
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Seishi Kyoichi
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
KPMG AZSA LLC Kobe Office, Japan June 25, 2020
Notes to the Reader of Independent Auditor’s Report:
This is a copy of the Independent Auditor’s Report and the original copies are kept separately by the Company and KPMG AZSA LLC.
Corporate Profile/Stock Information (As of March 31, 2020) Corporate Profile
 Trade Name
  Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
   Head Offices
President Net Sales
Stock Information
Stock Listings
Total Number of Shares Authorized Number of Shareholders
Year-end Dividend Record Date
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
Major Shareholders
Tokyo Head Office: 14-5, Kaigan 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8315, Japan
Kobe Head Office: Kobe Crystal Tower, 1-3, Higashikawasaki-cho 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-8680, Japan
  Incorporated
  October 15, 1896
 Yasuhiko Hashimoto (as of June 25, 2020)
• Consolidated: ¥1,641,335 million (fiscal 2019)
• Non-consolidated: ¥1,250,354 million (fiscal 2019)
 Paid-in Capital
  ¥104,484 million
      Number of Employees
 • Consolidated: 36,332
  • Non-consolidated: 17,218
  Securities Code
  7012
  Tokyo and Nagoya Stock Exchanges 336,000,000 shares
112,648 persons
March 31
June
 Share Unit Number
  100 shares
  Total Number of Shares Issued
  167,080,532 shares
  Fiscal Year
  From April 1 to March 31
  Interim Dividend Record Date
  September 30
  Shareholder
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries Employee Stock Ownership Association JFE Steel Corporation
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Number of Shares Owned 7,569,100
4,176,412 3,790,021 3,539,040 3,168,700
Percentage 4.53% 2.50% 2.26% 2.11% 1.89%
 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
  11,525,700
  6.89%
   Nippon Life Insurance Company
  5,751,661
  3.44%
  Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. Kyoueikai
  3,916,919
  2.34%
  BNYMSANV AS AGENT / CLIENTS LUX UCITS NON TREATY 1
  3,576,900
  2.14%
  Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
  3,270,800
  1.95%
    Shareholdings by Type of Shareholder
Shareholders by Shareholding Volume
  Foreign Corporations 21.18%
Domestic Corporations 8.63%
Securities Companies 3.45%
Individuals
and Others 31.87%
Financial Institutions 34.83%
Less than 100 shares 0.08%
500,000 shares and above 56.71%
100–499 shares 8.17% 500–999 shares 4.76%
1,000–4,999 shares 11.31% 5,000–9,999 shares 2.65% 10,000–49,999 shares 5.31% 50,000–99,999 shares 2.49%
100,000–499,999 shares 8.45%
     108 Kawasaki Report 2020
Kawasaki Report 2020 109

        110
Successor, duAro, the “duAro” logo, REXPELLER, SOPass, the “SOPass” logo, efACE, RIDEOLOGY, the “RIDEOLOGY” logo, NINJA, the “Ninja” logo, the “Z” logo, MULE, the “MULE” logo, TERYX, the “TERYX” logo, KLX, K3V, JET SKI, and the “JET SKi” logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. in Japan, the United States and/or other countries.
hinotori and the “hinotori” logo are trademarks of Medicaroid Corporation.
Disclaimer Figures in this report appearing in forecasts of future business performance or similar contexts represent forecasts made by the Company based on information accessible at the time, and are subject to risk and uncertainty. Readers are therefore advised against making investment decisions reliant exclusively on these forecasts of business performance. Readers should be aware that actual business performance may differ significantly from these forecasts due to a wide range of significant factors arising from changes in the external and internal environment. Significant factors that affect actual business performance include economic conditions in the Company’s business sector, the yen exchange rate against the U.S. dollar and other cur- rencies, and developments in taxation and other systems. This report not only describes actual past and present conditions of the Kawasaki Group but also includes forward- looking statements based on plans, forecasts, business plans and management policy as of the publication date. These represent suppositions and judgments based on information available at the time.
Due to changes in circumstances, the results and features of future business operations may differ from the content of such statements. Kawasaki Report 2020
Major Subsidiaries and Associates (As of March 31, 2020)
Aerospace Systems
NIPPI Corporation
Nippi Skill Corporation
Kawaju Gifu Engineering Co., Ltd. Kawaju Gifu Service Co., Ltd.
KGM Co., Ltd.
Kawaju Akashi Engineering Co., Ltd.
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Kawasaki Thermal Engineering Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Machine Systems, Ltd.
Kawasaki Prime Mover Engineering Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Naval Engine Service, Ltd. EarthTechnica Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd.
KEE Environmental Construction Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Environmental Plant Engineering
Co., Ltd.
Kawaju Facilitech Co., Ltd.
EarthTechnica M&S Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Gas Turbine Europe GmbH Kawasaki Gas Turbine Asia Sdn. Bhd. Kawasaki Gas Turbine Service RUS LLC Kawasaki Machinery do Brasil Máquinas e
Equipamentos Ltda.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Europe) B.V. Kawasaki Heavy Industries (H.K.) Ltd.
Wuhan Kawasaki Marine Machinery Co., Ltd. KHI Design & Technical Service, Inc.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries Machinery Trading
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
JP Steel Plantech Co.
Anhui Conch Kawasaki Equipment Manufacturing
Co., Ltd.
Anhui Conch Kawasaki Energy Conservation
Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Anhui Conch Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd. Shanghai Conch Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd.
Precision Machinery & Robot
Kawasaki Robot Service, Ltd.
Kawasaki Hydromechanics Corporation Kawasaki Precision Machinery (U.S.A.), Inc. Kawasaki Precision Machinery (UK) Ltd. Wipro Kawasaki Precision Machinery
Private Limited
Flutek, Ltd.
Kawasaki Precision Machinery (Suzhou) Ltd. Kawasaki Precision Machinery Trading
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Chunhui Precision Machinery
(Zhejiang) Ltd.
Kawasaki Robotics (U.S.A.) Inc.
Kawasaki Robotics (UK) Ltd.
Kawasaki Robotics GmbH
Kawasaki Robotics Korea, Ltd.
Kawasaki Robotics (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Robotics (Kunshan) Co., Ltd. Kawasaki (Chongqing) Robotics Engineering
Co., Ltd.
Medicaroid Corporation
Ship & Offshore Structure
Kawaju Support Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Marine Engineering Co., Ltd.
KHI JPS Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Subsea (UK) Limited
MES-KHI YURA DOCK CO., LTD.
Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. Dalian COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd.
Rolling Stock
Alna Yusoki-Yohin Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Rolling Stock Component Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Rolling Stock Technology Co., Ltd. Kansai Engineering Co., Ltd.
Sapporo Kawasaki Rolling Stock Engineering
Co., Ltd.
NICHIJO CORPORATION
Kawasaki Rail Car, Inc.
Qingdao Sifang Kawasaki Rolling Stock
Technology Co., Ltd.
Motorcycle & Engine
Kawasaki Motors Corporation Japan K-Tec Corporation
Technica Corp.
Autopolis
Union Precision Die Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing Corp., U.S.A. Kawasaki Motors Corp., U.S.A.
Canadian Kawasaki Motors Inc.
Kawasaki Motores do Brasil Ltda.
Kawasaki Motores de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Kawasaki Motors Europe N.V.
Kawasaki Motors Pty. Ltd.
India Kawasaki Motors Pvt. Ltd.
PT. Kawasaki Motor Indonesia
Kawasaki Motors (Phils.) Corporation
Kawasaki Motors Enterprise (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Motors (Shanghai), Ltd.
Kawasaki Motors Vietnam Co., Ltd.
Changzhou Kawasaki and Kwang Yang Engine
Co., Ltd.
Others
Kawasaki Trading Co., Ltd.
Kawaju Service Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Technology Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Heartfelt Service Co., Ltd. K Career Partners Corp.
Benic Solution Corporation
Kawasaki Life Corporation
Nippi Kosan Co., Ltd
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (U.S.A.) Inc.
Kawasaki do Brasil Industria e Comercio Ltda. Kawasaki Heavy Industries (U.K.) Ltd.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries Middle East FZE Kawasaki Heavy Industries (India) Private Limited Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Kawasaki Heavy Industries Management
(Shanghai) Ltd.
Kawasaki Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
KHI (Dalian) Computer Technology Co., Ltd. Hydrogen Engineering Australia Pty Ltd. Kawasaki Heavy Industries Russia LLC Kawasaki Trading (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Equity-method associates
Includes operations belonging to the Rolling Stock and Aerospace Systems segments Includes operations belonging to the Precision Machinery & Robot segment
 Kawasaki Report 2020
111

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              