Epson Group
Integrated Report 2019
                                                                                                                    
            Value Proposition
Management Philosophy ......................................... 1 A History of Value Creation .................................... 3 Value Creation Story .................................................5 Feature Article: Contributing to Sustainability ...... 7
Value Creation Strategy
Message from the CEO ......................................... 11 Epson 25 Corporate Vision .................................. 17 The Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan .... 19 Message from the CFO ......................................... 23 Message from the CTO ......................................... 25 Business Segment Overview ................................ 27 Inkjet Innovation ..................................................... 29 Visual Innovation ..................................................... 33 Wearables Innovation ............................................ 35 Robotics Innovation ................................................ 37 Microdevices Supporting the Four Areas of Innovation .. 39
Value Creation Infrastructure
Improve the Quality of Products and Services ..... 41 Strengthen Supply Chain Management .............. 43 Strengthen Governance ......................................... 45 Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy .. 57 Respect Human Rights and Promote Diversity ......... 61 Materiality ................................................................. 63 Key CSR Themes and the 17 SDGs ..................... 65
Fact Data
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights ............. 67 Consolidated Financial Highlights ...................... 69 Global Network ...................................................... 71 Group Outline ......................................................... 73 Shareholder and Share Information ................... 74
Disclaimer
This report includes forward-looking statements, estimates, and plans. Projections herein are based on the best information available at the time of publication. Actual results may vary from those discussed.
  1 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

Epson derives its strength from
its efficient, compact, and precision technologies,
an approach to customer needs that is defined by integrity and effort,
and a spirit of creativity and challenge that fuels a desire to exceed expectations.
       Editorial Policy
This report provides important information to shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders about Epson’s sustainability and growth potential by covering topics such as Epson’s business strategies, financial performance, and ESG activities. Editorial decisions in the preparation of this report were based on the principles outlined in “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation” from the Japanese Ministry
of Economy, Trade and
Industry and on the
“International Integrated
Reporting Framework” from Information the International Integrated Disclosure Reporting Council (IIRC).
Epson has also been working to improve communication with stakeholders by publishing a Sustainability Report and providing information on its websites and in other media.
  booklet
● Annual Report (PDF)
● Investor Relations https://global.epson.com/IR/
 (booklet & PDF)
● Sustainability Report (PDF)
● Social Responsibility https://global.epson.com/SR/
 Period covered: April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019 (Some information may be from other periods.)
Coverage: 85 Epson Group companies (including Seiko Epson Corporation)
Note: “Epson” refers to the Epson Group, unless indicated otherwise.
* Epson applies International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). However, Japanese accounting standards were used for financial figures from
the 2013 fiscal year and earlier. The term “business profit,”as used in this report, is very similar to operating income under Japanese accounting
standards (J-GAAP), both conceptually and numerically.
Please do not use images and other content in this report without permission.
● Integrated Report
Web
  Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 2
 IR CSR information information

         A History of Value Creation
Epson has evolved and expanded over the decades while passing on its DNA as a product developer and manufacturer.
Since 1942, we have produced numerous pioneering products. These products came from the same source: a storehouse of efficient, compact, and precision technologies, an approach to customer needs that is defined by integrity and effort, and a spirit of creativity and challenge that fuels a relentless desire to exceed customer expectations. Epson remains com- mitted to creating products and services that exceed customer expectations and that change the world.
1956
A mechanical watch with an original design that became the basis for Epson’s watch business
1968
The world’s first miniature digital printer, from which the Epson brand was born
1980
Ahead of its time: A small, lightweight computer printer
1990 1994
 1983
A precision assembly robot - Epson’s first commercialized factory automation product
A printer for PC-POS systems that created a new market
The high-speed inkjet printer that enabled home photo printing
      1971
The watch chip that launched Epson’s semiconductor business
1988
The world’s first color liquid crystal panel module for video cameras
 1969
The quartz watch*2 that revolutionized horological history
1973
1994
The LCD projector that changed the way presentation are given
1995 2000
Global pioneer
in environmental action
In 1992, CFCs were eliminated from our production processes in Japan. Behind our pioneering environ- mental actions was a conviction that conservation was our only hope for prospering as a company.
  The world’s first* digital quartz watch*2 with a six-digit LCD
    1963
1963
The world’s first portable, high-accuracy, battery-operated quartz timer
The first electronic recording system for sporting events, measurable to 1/1000 seconds
 1942
Founded
* Per Epson research at the time of announcement
*1 Crystal devices, printers, LCD panels
*2 Products are registered as Essential Historical Materials for Science and Technology by the National Museum of Nature and Science.
  Origin of Epson’s efficient, compact, and precision technologies
Brand establishment and growth into a multinational corporation
Daiwa Kogyo Ltd. was established in 1942. Numerous ground-breaking products were created by applying the company’s efficient, compact, and precision manufactur- ing technologies.
In 1975, the Epson brand and the first overseas sales company were established, followed by other global sales organizations. In 1989, the Epson Group’s Management Philosophy was established.
1970
1990
  Expansion period
Creativity and Challenge
Diversification of products and businesses derived from watch and timekeeping technologies*1
  Early period
Integrity and
Effort
Watch and printer technology development
  Daiwa Kogyo Ltd., A monument Epson America, Inc., Epson’s Epson, winner of the Stratospheric Ozone Layer Protection
the predecessor of Seiko Epson (1942) commemorating founder first overseas sales company (1975) Award from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (1992) Hisao Yamazaki
3 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
            
  Integrity and Effort &
 Strengthening Creativity and Challenge business
  structure Meet customer expectations and become indispensable
 Revenue Business Profit
 900
600
300
0
18
    2008
A Large-Format Printer with Stunning Image Quality for Signage and Displays
   2009
The six-axis robot that expanded the scope of tasks performed and accelerated automation
2016
An office papermaking system that recycles paper on site
2017
A high-speed linehead inkjet MFP that prints up to 100 sheets per minute (A4, landscape, single-side)
     2010
A high-capacity ink tank printer that slashed printing costs
2011
Binocular, See-through Smart Glasses
2018
The digital inkjet textile printer that accelerated the digitization of the textile printing market
1,500
200
2016
High-brightness laser projector for events, signage, and other spatial staging and performances
2017
Analog watches
combining leading-edge technology and artisan skill
Epson’s Revenue and Business Profit Trend
Figures after the FY2003 IPO have been audited. Those prior to that have not. Figures through FY2012 were calculated based on Japanese accounting standards.
Those from FY2013 are based on IFRS.
2015 20
Contributing to global solutions
Business Revenue Profit
(Billions of yen) (Billions of yen)
         2003
TSE IPO
In 2003, Seiko Epson shares were listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. In 2005, the “Exceed Your Vision” global tagline was established to build the brand worldwide.
Seiko Epson shares listed on Section 1 of the TSE (2003)
1,200
150
100
50
0
年度
FY2018 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation (Product Category & Business Model Category) Sponsor: The Energy Conservation Center, Japan
Won the 2018 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation: High-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer (2019)
  2005 2010
Surging ahead into a new era
Epson continues to develop new technologies such as those used in the PaperLab A-8000 (2016). Under the Epson 25 Corporate Vision, we aim to create a new connected age of people, things, and information with efficient, compact and precision technologies.
      New factory in the Philippines with a rooftop mega-solar power plant with a maximum output of 3,000 kW of power (2017)
Won the Economy, Trade and Industry Minister’s Prize in the 1st Eco Products Awards category:
PaperLab office papermaking system (2018)
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 4
Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

    Societal issues
Input
Materiality Value creation strategy
 Open innovation
 Inkjet
innovation
Details on P29
  Visual
innovation
Details on P33
  Wearables
innovation
Details on P35
 Robotics
innovation
Details on P37
 Microdevices
Supporting the four areas
of innovation
Details on P39
           Value Creation Story
Epson seeks to create new value by leveraging the efficient, compact, and precision technologies
that are in its DNA.
       Climate change and resource depletion
Heightened expectations for sustainable practices
Increased productivity & preservation of artisanal skills
Response
to lifestyle diversification
Widening of regional disparities
Dangerous and harsh working environments
Technology assets
Efficient, Compact, and Precision Technologies
● Micro Piezo
● Dry fiber technology ● Microdisplay
● Sensing
● Robotics
● Semiconductors and
crystal devices ● Ultra-precision
processing technology
Types of capital
(Current as of March 31, 2019)
Advance the frontiers of industry
Achieve sustainability in a circular economy
Improve the quality of products and services
Strengthen supply chain management
Respect human rights and promote diversity
Strengthen governance
         Financial
Manufacturing
Intellectual
Human
Total assets
¥1,038.3 billion Rating A(R&I)
Balance of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets
¥347.1 billion The top 100
global patent applicants
Global No. 7*1 Total employees
76,647
Epson Group companies
(including Seiko Epson Corp.)
(17companies in Japan and 68 overseas)
          85
Value creation infrastructure
 Social and relationship
Natural
Limited natural resources (e.g., energy & materials)
 5
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Details on P63

    Value proposition
Outputs Outcome
  Expansion of the office market
 ● Inkjet printers
● Office papermaking
systems
● Projectors
● Scanners
Expansion of the commercial and industrial markets
● Commercial and industrial printers
● High brightness projectors ● Robots
Reinforcement of the consumer market
● Wearable products ● Smart glasses
● Inkjet printers
Revenue
   FY2025 financial objectives
¥1,700billion Business Profit*2
¥200billion ROS*3 ROE*4
12% 15%
*Assumed exchange rates: ¥115/USD & ¥125/EUR
                2050 Environmental Vision 2050
 2030 SDGs 2025 Epson 25 Corporate Vision
     Inkjet-based solutions for improving productivity and saving energy and resources
Dry fiber technology-based solutions for in-office resource recycling
Projection technology for amazing visual experiences and easy visual communications
Unique wearables that are a pleasure to wear
Collaborative and smart robotic solutions that serve people
Device technologies that enable smart communities
Achieving
a sustainable society
              Output example
*1 Ranking from 2003 to 2013, announced in 2015
*2 Business profit is very similar to operating income under Japanese accounting standards (J-GAAP), both conceptual- ly and numerically. Epson began using business profit as an indicator after adopting International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
*3 Business profit/revenue
*4 Profit for the period attributable to owners of the parent company/Beginning and ending balance average equity attributable to owners of the parent company
  Transforming the office environment
- Higher productivity
- Lower environmental impact - Advanced communication
Transforming the production floor
- Higher productivity
- Lower environmental impact - Improved work environment
Details on P9
Details on P7
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 6
Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
Indispensable company

   Feature Article
Transforming the Office Environment
Epson’s products and services will trans- form offices in a variety of ways, including by enhancing productivity and communi- cation, reducing long working hours, sup- porting flexible work arrangements, and saving energy and paper resources.
Extending the Office
for Smoother Communication
Contributing to Sustainability
 Materiality
Advance the Frontiers of Industry/
Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
     Example
1
  Societal Issues & Needs
Projector solutions
 To address societal issues, we must bring together a more diverse range of ideas and rapidly create new value. Meanwhile, as globalization progresses, people want tools that allow them to better communicate without time and distance constraints.
Value Proposition
Foster a sense of unity with
POINT
1 Use a laser light source to project bright,
sharp images even in well-lit offices
POINT
2 Project large images with ultra-short-throw lens
projectors to use limited space with maximum efficiency
POINT 3
           Use interactive features to share and notate projected documents and images
                      face-to-face communication
Projector
     Speed up information sharing and increase productivity
     Minimize wasteful travel, reduce CO2, and save time
Camera
   Remote locations are kept connected by projectors that create an extended office, as in this example from Epson.
* Requires a linkup with a third-party communication system.
  7 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
                     
      Lack of communi- cation
Resource Office
Higher productivity
Value Proposition
Advanced communication
Exa2mple
Paper-Based Communication
   Energy efficiency
Advance- ment of ICT
Business across borders
Long working hours
       conservation
environmental changes & issues
Solution
       Information leaks
Effective use of work spaces
Low environmental impact
  Diverse work arrange- ments
Facilitating Enriched
     Societal Issues & Needs
Print costs
approx. *1
Going to extremes in promoting paperless processes in order to reduce printing-related costs and environmental impacts can end up negatively affecting productivity. Paper-based information can help boost productivity by providing a fuller view of information that is easier to read and understand. These advantages underpin the demand for an office environment that allows people to print efficiently and without hesitation.
     Power consumption
Print speed 100*3
pages/minute
Epson’s water-free Dry Fiber Technology*4
Make new paper from used copy paper on the spot.
    1/10
th
approx. 1/8*2
   th
               High-capacity ink tank printer
A solution that combines inkjet printers and an office papermaking system
PaperLab A-8000 dry process office papermaking system
   High-speed
linehead inkjet multifunction printer
POINT
2 Build a paper
    POINT
1 Provide a far cheaper inkjet
printing environment that offers incomparably better environmental performance
recycling loop in the office
*1 Comparison of A4 sheet printing costs between an EW-M670FT high-capacity ink
            Enrich paper-based
  Value Proposition
Contribute to the conservation of forest and water resources through in-office paper recycling
Maintain information security by dissolving paper into fibers
communication at sharply lower cost and environmental impact
*2
*3
*4
tank printer and an Epson laser printer PowerconsumptionofaWF-C20590high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer. Comparison with the average per-page power consumption for the 10 top-selling A3 color MFPs in the over 45ppm class (Source for 2017 shipments: IDC’s Worldwide Quarterly Hardcopy Peripherals Tracker 2017 Q4). TEC values are based on registered information on energystar.gov/ as of February 2018. Per page power consumption is calculated based on TEC condition by Epson.
Print speed of a WF-C20590 high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer. A4, landscape, single-side printing. Print speeds are measured in accordance with ISO/IEC 24734. Actual print times will vary based on system configuration, software, and page complexity.
Some water is used to maintain humidity inside the system.
              Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 8
           Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

   Feature Article
Transforming the Production Floor
Production is changing. There are labor and skilled worker shortages, a diversifi- cation of needs, and heightened environ- mental awareness. We are transforming the production floor by raising productiv- ity and lowering environmental impacts.
Lowering the Barriers to Automation and Putting People to Work in More Creative Jobs
Contributing to Sustainability
 Materiality
Advance the Frontiers of Industry/
Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
     Example
1
       Societal Issues & Needs
Robotic solutions
POINT
1 Provide compact robots that can
There is a serious manufacturing labor
shortage largely due to rising income levels in
emerging economies and aging populations
in advanced economies. Production is 2 increasingly being automated with robots, but
Provide force sensors that give robots human-like touch
 space can be an issue, as can the difficulty of automating some processes, so most manufacturers still must rely on human intervention. Automation is also impeded by a scarcity of skilled installers.
Value Proposition
Offer easy installation in existing production lines
POINT
3 Use image processing to enable numeric
work in the same space as humans without changing production lines
POINT
        POINT 4
sensory testing Enable easy teaching
Force sensor
                  A six-axis robot in the N series
       on human touch and sight
Force sensor
  Automate processes that relied
    Transition people from menial
 labor to creative work
 Leave behind long, harsh working conditions
cable insertion tasks that used to rely on humans.
Combine robots and force sensors to automate
    9 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
See a movie demonstration.
https://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=4QUefX9EzWY
                 
      Diversification of customers’ needs
Quality variations
Higher productivity
Value Proposition
Improved work environment
   Soaring labor costs
Product and manufacturing process sophistication
Labor shortages
Skilled
worker shortage
Long working hours
    Changes & issues in the production environment
Solution
Low environmental impact
             Occupational accidents in production
Heightened environmental awareness
Resource depletion
Chemical health hazards
   Achieving Low-Resource,
  Exa2mple
High-Efficiency Processes
   Societal Issues & Needs
The world is transitioning from mass production and mass consumption to short-run production to respond to the diversification of customers’needs and environmental issues.
Value Proposition
Printing that flexibly adapts to demand fluctuations and rapid turnarounds, reducing dead
Respond to small-lot production without printing plates
Digital printing solutions
POINT 1
POINT
2 Involve fewer processes and
   no ink mixing
Reduce waste ink, and eliminate washing water as there are no plates
POINT 4
POINT 3
           Need less frequent contact with chemicals
Inkjet digital textile printers
Comparison of Analog and Digital Textile Printing Processes
                        stock and disposal losses
Analog textile printing
Digital textile printing
    Image layout
Pre-processing
   Reduce waste ink and water
Printing plate making
Image layout
  used for washing printing plates
Ink mixing
Sample printing
   Reduce space for storing plates and work in process
Sample printing
Mass printing
 Plate washing & storage
Post-processing
  Mass production ink making
 Mass printing
  Offer a clean and safe printing environment
Plate washing & storage
 Disposal of unneeded ink
 Post-processing
 Complex work process Fewer steps
 Substantial waste Low environmental impact
 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 10
                       Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
3 days to 2 weeks
1.5 to 2 months
  
          Message from the CEO
 11 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Minoru Usui
President and CEO
Seiko Epson Corporation

 Becoming Indispensable by Living Our Core Values and Driving Innovations
Creating New Value Through“Integrity and Effort” and“Creativity and Challenge”
Epson began in 1942 as Daiwa Kogyo Ltd., a watch parts factory. Aspiring to make the Suwa region the Switzerland of the Orient, founder Hisao Yamazaki built a watch industry in the area, which developed into a center of the precision technology industry. With a vision of serving the world with accurate timepieces, Epson redesigned watch architecture and produced a new mechanical watch that was unlike anything in the industry. The words“integrity and effort”exemplified the founder’s approach and became fundamental Epson values. Our pursuit of watch accuracy did not end there. The company continued to develop and produce quartz watches that boast far greater accuracy than mechanical watches. During quartz watch development, engineers needed to create parts that did not yet exist. This bred a culture of“creativity and challenge”̶the ambition to take on challenges and the drive to innovate and come up with solutions.
Later, Epson grew by living the values of“creativity and challenge,”which led to the creation of numerous culture-altering products that provided new value, such as color inkjet printers that allow people to print photos at home and projectors that popularized big-screen presentations for large audiences. However, somewhere along the way, we allowed our objective to become beating the competition instead of delighting customers. I sensed that to become an indispensable company, we had to return to our roots. We had to not only live the“creativity and challenge”philosophy but also genuinely listen to our customers, understand their expectations, and work with single-minded integrity and effort to meet those expectations.
For Epson to become an indispensable company, we must provide value through innovation, so that people see Epson and its products as key contributors to society. If consumers see us in this light, they will be happy to pay for the value we provide, thus funding further innovation. This cycle will lead to sustained growth of the company. In other words, the value we offer must match the expectations of society, and our goal must be to drive innovation and solve societal challenges rather than beat the competition.
We opened fresh internal debate about what kinds of value Epson will provide to society and how we will contribute to the achievement of the SDGs to which we committed in 2018. In 2019, we also endorsed the work of the Financial Stability Board Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). By living the values expressed by“integrity and effort”and“creativity and challenge,”we will capitalize on our strengths to create new value.
   Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 12
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Message from the CEO
 A Solid Foundation Has Been Laid and Products Are in the Pipeline, But Speed Was an Issue
Achievements and Issues Under the Phase 1 Plan
The Epson 25 Corporate Vision maps out a course for Epson to become an indispensable company over the 10-year period from FY2016 to FY2025. Phase 1 (FY2016-18) was designated as a period for laying a solid foundation for growth on our way to achieving the Epson 25 vision. So, during this period we aggressively prepared products and made the needed investments. Ultimately, we fell short of our financial objectives, but I think we showed the kind of innovations we are trying to introduce.
The area of innovation that we focused most closely on under Epson 25 and during Phase 1 is inkjets. While we are seeing some advances toward paperless processes, we question whether paperless solutions are really all that the world wants. Might it be that people just want the ability to print without having to worry about printing costs and environmental impacts? Our mission as a printer manufacturer is to allow people to use paper-based communication in smart and creative ways and to increase their productivity by slashing printing costs and environmental impacts to dispel their cost and environmental concerns. That is why we have focused on perfecting heat-free piezoelectric inkjet technology and developing businesses that apply this technology. Breaking away from the traditional business model that depends on sales of consumables, we will accelerate the development and expansion of high-capacity ink tank printers that sharply reduce printing costs and the amount of resources used for consumables, high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers that deliver outstanding print performance while saving energy, and dry process office papermaking systems that recycle paper on-site. Using this technology, we will replace analog industrial printing infrastructure with environmentally friendlier digital infrastructure that is easily adapted to diverse needs and
Epson 25 Corporate Vision Financial Targets and the Mid-Range Business Plans
Stable revenue growth
    FY2016-2018
● Prepare foundation &  products
FY2019-2021
● Transform business operations  to achieve high profitability
FY2022-2025
● Establish a high profit  structure
   First phase
Second phase
Third phase
 FY2025 targets
    Revenue
¥1,700 billion
ROS*2
12%
    Business profit*1
¥ 200 billion
ROE*3
15%
    13
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Assumed rates: ¥115/USD, ¥125/EUR
*1 Business profit is very similar to operating income under Japanese accounting standards (J-GAAP), both conceptually and numerically. Epson began using business profit as an indicator after adopting International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
*2 Business profit/revenue
*3 Profit for the period attributable to owners of the parent company/Beginning and ending balance average equity attributable to owners of
the parent company

    unlocks the creativity to satisfy those needs. For this reason, we will accelerate the development and spread of products and services for the commercial and industrial sectors. These products and actions are our answer to society’s needs. Solving societal challenges is not something we can achieve by ourselves. Broader technological advances and changes in awareness are needed. This will take time, but we are finally beginning to see a move in the right direction.
Some of the actions we took to prepare for growth progressed significantly in Phase 1; others fell behind schedule or did not fully accomplish what was expected. Among the accomplishments was that we switched from ink cartridge printers to high-capacity ink tank printers in emerging markets. We also strengthened our core technology, added production capacity, and launched high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers and laser projectors, strategic products that will drive future growth. However, we still have issues with speed. One of our main strategies is to transition from B2C to B2B. We made progress in enhancing our sales organizations in Japan and Europe, and in accumulating customer insights. In other regions, however, we lagged in improving the sales organizations, in providing products and services that capitalize on the knowledge and insights we accumulated, and in establishing effective selling techniques. Moreover, we aggressively invested management resources, but those investments have not yet yielded returns. The reason, I believe, is that we did not do a good enough job of setting overall priorities.
Today, society expects companies to play a pivotal role in achieving sustainability. The adoption of the SDGs and the expansion of ESG investing mirror this. I strongly believe, now more than ever, that the role of enterprise is to achieve global sustainability and make the world a better place. To do our part, we must confidently accelerate our efforts to make Epson an indispensable company. Political and economic uncertainty are increasing and the times are becoming increasingly challenging, but we are putting Epson in a position to produce results during Phase 2.
 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 14
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Message from the CEO
 Building from Technological Strength to Strength
Strategies and Aims of the Phase 2 Mid-Range Plan
The following three basic policies, created in response to issues that became apparent in Phase 1, will guide our actions under the Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan from FY2019.
1
2 Strengthen global operations under Head Office control
Accelerate growth by taking maximum advantage of assets and through collaboration and open innovation
Invest management resources in a disciplined manner according to the economy and strategy effectiveness
First, in Phase 1, we refined our core technologies, added production capacity, and accumulated customer knowledge and insights. We need to capitalize on these strengths to increase customer touchpoints and quickly build stronger customer relationships through solutions selling and a stronger product lineup. For this reason, we will strengthen collaboration and open innovation. Epson’s vertically integrated business model leverages our core technologies and core devices as value creation platforms to provide value to end-users. However, there is a limit to what we can do alone. We cannot drive innovation and change the world unless we ally with partners who share our aspirations of creating a better world. We thus plan to seek more open innovation opportunities and expand external sales of inkjet printheads based on PrecisionCore devices. As part of this, we forged capital and business ties with Elephantech Inc., in July 2019. Earlier, in February 2019, we forged similar ties with artificial intelligence (AI) venture company Cross Compass, as we believe that partnering is the most efficient way of acquiring this technology. Epson will also engage in a variety of technology exchanges with overseas research institutes and universities, among others.
At the same time, we will narrow down and focus on the areas where we can truly exploit our own strengths to
3
Epson’s Vertically Integrated Business Model
Epson is drawing on a storehouse of original technologies to develop and produce unique core devices, such as printheads for inkjet printers and optical engines for projectors. Our deep understanding of these core devices has allowed us to plan, design and use our manufacturing expertise to volume-produce and deliver in a timely fashion finished products and services that exceed customers’expectations. In addition, we will strive to meet the diverse needs of customers and achieve a more sustainable future in line with the SDGs by embracing open innovation and collaboration as needed to strengthen our product lineup and by selling core devices such as printheads to external partners who share our aspirations.
                             15
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

 build a formidable competitive edge. In most of our businesses, we assemble parts and technologies in various combinations to provide customers with value. We can create new value by adding unbeatable quality and originality to these combinations. We are looking to build from strength to strength by drawing on Epson’s storehouse of efficient, compact, and precision technologies to develop core devices that have unique value. These core devices give Epson a competitive advantage and enable us to create unique product platforms. These product platforms will be used to develop businesses that can agilely and efficiently respond to a diverse range of needs. Second, we will strengthen our global operations by having the Head Office take over some of the business activities that have been handled by the operations divisions in the past. Specifically, the Head Office will take over activities where we believe better results can be obtained by taking a cross-organizational approach. For example, the Head Office will exercise more control when selecting priority business areas and regions. To increase our B2B marketing firepower, we will share the sales and marketing knowledge gained in the test markets of Japan and Western Europe with the rest of the global Epson Group and build and improve our sales organizations. We will also provide company-wide integrated IT infrastructure to strengthen operations. Customers will not acknowledge the value of even the best products unless those products provide them with solutions to their needs. We will therefore refocus our attention on addressing those needs.
Third, we will invest management resources in a disciplined manner. In other words, we will rebuild our product portfolios around priorities and will strengthen financial discipline based on the economic situation and the effectiveness of our strategies. In the past, we tended to try to grow all product areas equally. Going forward, however, we will focus more on high priority areas. To do so, we will use IT to gain greater visibility on the state of our businesses and will build systems for making rapid decisions based on common data. Taking an approach that is both disciplined and dynamic, we will articulate common objectives, decide on what needs to be done to achieve those objectives, and respond flexibly to challenges as the situation demands.
Epson’s Contributions to Sustainability
Society expects companies to play a large and ever-growing role in achieving sustainability. I am confident that Epson can contribute substantively to sustainability because a low environmental impact is a hallmark of our products. In 2018, we amended the 2050 environmental vision that we articulated in 2008 and committed to helping to achieve certain of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations.
   Advancing the Frontiers of Industry and Achieving Sustainability in a Circular Economy
 We are looking to advance the frontiers of industry and achieve sustainability in a circular economy through innovations in the office environment and on the production floor. We will use the efficient, compact, and precision technologies that are in Epson’s DNA to innovate, create new value, and contribute to the realization of a sustainable society.
Our goal is to solve the world’s problems with innovative solutions and make Epson an indispensable company by living our core values.
The SDGs That Epson Can Most Directly Help to Achieve
                    (as of June 2019)
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 16
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Epson 25 Corporate Vision
In March 2016, Epson established the Epson 25 Corporate Vision, a strategic plan that will guide company growth out to the year 2025.
Vision Statement
Advances in information and communications technology mean increasing amounts of information will become available on the internet, and so-called cyber space will continue to expand. Epson believes that products acting as the interface between cyber space and the actual or real world where customers operate will be of critical importance. As a company that specializes in generating value in the real world, Epson’s vision is to create a new connected age of people, things and information by leveraging its efficient, compact and precision technologies to drive innovation in four areas.
             17
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

    Epson’s four areas of innovation
Epson will generate value with its efficient, compact and precision technologies in printing, visual communications, wearables, robotics and microdevices to drive innovations in four areas. We will also strengthen our business infrastructure to support these efforts.
                 Printing domain
Refine Micro Piezo technology, and expand into high-productivity segments.
Improve environmental performance and create a sustainable printing ecosystem.
Wearables domain
Leverage our watchmaking heritage, refine leading technology, and offer a sense of status and fashion.
Visual communications domain
Refine original microdisplay and projection technologies, and create outstanding visual experiences and a natural visual communications environment for every aspect of business and lifestyles.
Robotics domain
Combine our core technologies with sensing and smart technologies in manufacturing, expand applications, and create a future in which robots support people in a wide variety of situations.
            Microdevices
Microdevices domain: Supporting the Four Innovations
Contribute to Epson's finished products and to the development of smart communications, power, transportation and manufacturing systems with advanced Epson quartz timing and sensing solutions and low-power semiconductor solutions.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 18
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

           The Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan
In March 2019, Epson announced the Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan (FY2019-21), the second of three three-year plans for achieving our 2025 corporate goals, as described in the Epson 25 Corporate Vision.
  Epson 25
Phase 1 Mid-Range Business Plan (FY2016-18) Review
 Preparations for growth progressed to varying degrees but did not yield earnings.
Epson fell short of its revenue, business profit, and ROS targets, partly due to changes in the business environment.
FY2015-18 Financial Results
■
Printing solutions segment Visual communications segment
■
Wearable & industrial products segment Business profit
ROS
Business profit (Billions of yen)
150
100
50
■
■
      Revenue (Billions of yen)
1,500
1,000
500
¥ 1,092.4 billion
¥ 84.9 billion
¥ 1,024.8 billion
¥65.8billion
Phase 1 plan
¥ 1,102.1 billion
¥74.7billion
(FY2016-18)
  ROE 9.5% 10.1% 8.3% 10.2% Sustain over 10%
 ¥ 1,089.6 billion
¥ 70.4 billion
¥1,200.0 billion
¥ 96.0 billion
 195.0
   170.4
        736.3
   7.8%
158.5
686.6
FY2016 results
6.4%
167.3
736.6
FY2017 results
6.8%
163.4
723.6
FY2018 results
6.5%
200.0
 184.0
179.6
198.8
203.3
 805.0
FY2018 mid-range business plan
8.0%
       00 FY2015
   Accomplish- ments
Issues
results
● Transitioned from ink cartridge printers to high-capacity ink models in emerging markets
● Launched strategic products (e.g., high-speed linehead inkjet MFPS & laser projectors) and expanded product lineups ● Strengthened core technologies and invested in R&D and in companies to acquire future technology
● Invested aggressively in capital expenditure and increased production capacity
● Strengthened the B2B sales organizations and subscription-based services, and accumulated customer insights
 Speed
Sales organization
Management resources
● Shifting the business model from laser printers to high-capacity ink models ● Responding to rapid digitization
● Creating new markets
● Launching products on-time
● Offering functions & services that meet customer needs ● Establishing effective B2B sales proposals
● Establishing B2B sales organization in North America
● Expanding subscription-based printing services
● Strengthening sales in the Middle East, Africa, etc. ● Determining investment and expenditure priorities
  19
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

  Mid-range plan presentation (video)
https://youtu.be/Yj7wMsGwugQ
    Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan (FY2019-21)
Basic Policies
   Continue to commit to the goals of Epson 25, and transform business operations to achieve high profitability by managing priorities in response to social issues and environmental change.
1
2
3
Initiatives in Each Area of Innovation
 Accelerate growth by taking maximum advantage of assets and through collaboration and open innovation
❶ Strengthen the solution selling business
❷ Rapidly strengthen product lineups, including through collaboration
❸ Strengthen external sales of core devices and open innovation
❹ Invest management resources in robotics to accelerate its growth into a core business
Strengthen global operations under Head Office control
❶ Select and focus on priority business areas and regions
❷ Improve the organization and allocate personnel to strengthen B2B solution selling ❸ Strengthen company-wide integrated IT infrastructure
   Invest management resources in a disciplined manner based on the economy and strategy effectiveness
❶ Rebuild product portfolios based on priorities ❷ Strengthen financial discipline
         Inkjet innovation
  Home, SOHO & shared office printers*1
● Transition away from a business model that is reliant on consumables and accelerate the displacement of laser printers and ink cartridge printers with large-capacity inkjet models such as high-capacity ink tank printers and high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers.
*1 A category defined by Epson, shared office printers are models for high print volume offices.
Commercial & industrial
● Rapidly expand the lineup of high productivity products through platforming and collaboration with partners.
● Expand the business by responding to a diverse range of needs with printhead external sales and open innovation.
New printing services
● Capture needs spawned by rapid and ubiquitous digitization, and embrace collaboration and open innovation to create new printing services.
               Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 20
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          The Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan
     Visual innovation
  Projectors
● Increase projector value by advancing laser light source engine platforms so as to efficiently expand the high-brightness projector lineup.
● Pioneer new markets by creating demand for accent lighting projectors and commercializing miniature projectors.
Smart glasses
● Expand and enhance models that connect to PCs, smartphones, and other USB-C devices. And accelerate open innovation and expand applications by selling optical engine modules to external parties.
                 Wearables innovation
Robotics innovation
● Continue to focus resources on the high value added analog watch segment where we capitalize on our unique technologies.
● Acelerate the growth of robotics into a future core business by further strengthening product competitiveness and our ability to propose solutions through active collaboration based on Epson's technology.
● Improve usability by employing AI, and enter the collaborative robot market.
      Management Initiatives
Strengthening B2B sales capabilities
● Strengthen Head Office control to bolster the execution of global sales strategies and management functions. Develop products tailored to the needs of each region, set priorities, and control sales and marketing expenses.
● Reinforce functions in Japan and Europe to lead the move to B2B, share their sales and marketing knowledge globally, and switch to a solutions selling approach. Bolster human resources and sales sites in conjunction with this.
Invest management resources in a disciplined manner according to the economic environment and strategy effectiveness
● Provide mechanisms for swiftly and accurately assessing changes and prioritize and optimize product portfolios from a Group-wide perspective by making business operations more visible and by strengthening Head Office leadership.
● Renovate business processes and strengthen company-wide integrated IT infrastructure to make business processes more disciplined and dynamic.
● Continue to invest as needed in future growth while also prioritizing and controlling investment and spending based on strategy effectiveness.
Working toward sustainability
● Viewing the heightened demand for corporate sustainability as a business opportunity, contribute to the realization of a sustainable society by accelerating innovation based on inkjet technology, which offers advantages in areas such as printing performance, environmental performance, and ink compatibility.
   21
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

   Financial Targets
We revised our Phase 2 financial targets in response to our Phase 1 results and environmental changes. In Phase 2, we will leverage the infrastructure put in place during Phase 1 to effectively respond to change, accelerate execution, and focus on core competencies. Transforming our business operations in this way will put us in a position to achieve the 2025 Epson 25 targets.
    Consolidated total ¥1,089.6billion
■ Printing solutions segment
■ Visual communications segment
■ Wearable & industrial products segment
1,700.0billion
Consolidated total
ROS
(Billions of yen)
¥70.4 billion 6.5%
¥200.0 billion 12.0%
(%)
   15 10 5 000
(Billions of yen)
1,500 1,000 500
Forex rates ¥ 111/¥ 128 (USD/EUR/other currencies*) /93
200 150 100
50
Forex rates
(USD/EUR/other currencies*2)
6.5
FY2018 results
¥ 111/¥ 128 /93
   203.3
Revenue
¥1,200.0billion ¥
  195.0
 163.4
 225.0
1,700.0
    723.6
780.0
   FY2018 results
FY2025 targets
¥ 115/¥ 125 /100
FY2025 targets
¥ 115/¥ 125 /100
FY2021 targets
  ¥ 110/¥ 125 /92
Business profit
  *2 Index showing weighted average variance of rates for currencies other than USD and EUR against a benchmark of 100 in 2025
Cash Flow & Capital Expenditure Plans
Restore our ability to generate cash by growing profit and increasing operations efficiency. Prioritize and allocate generated cash to growth areas, but still provide shareholder returns while maintaining a healthy financial structure.
  Item
 Phase 1 Plan
 Phase 2 Plan
 Operating CF
 3-year total:¥258.1 billion
 3-year total: approx. ¥370 billion
 FCF
 3-year total:¥24.9 billion
 3-year total: approx. ¥170 billion
 R&D spending
 3-year total:¥161.3 billion
 Aggressively invest in new products, components & technology needed to achieve Epson 25
 Capex (excluding leases)
 3-year total:¥236.8 billion
 3-year total: approx. ¥200 billion (Invest in production & new products)
           ROE
Steadily grow revenue and profit during Phase 2 to secure stable operating cash flow and prioritize investment in growth to achieve Epson 25, while also maintaining a robust financial structure and secure capital efficiency to sustain an ROE 10% or more.
Shareholder Returns
Epson’s policy is to provide fair shareholder returns while maintaining a robust financial structure that is capable of withstanding changes in the business environment. In line with this policy, we are again targeting a consolidated dividend payout ratio of about 40% during Phase 2.
We will repurchase shares if necessary, depending on the share price, the capital situation, and other factors.
 Balance with revenue growth & control expenses company-wide (focus spending on growth areas) Select investments based on hurdle rates and exercise discipline and control over capital spending company-wide
 FY2021
10% (target)
Maintain a robust financial structure that can withstand sudden environmental changes and intense competition.
FY2018 10.2% (result)
¥96.0 billion
8.0%
 8.0
12.0
200.0
  70.4
96.0
FY2021 targets
¥ 110/¥ 125 /92
FY2025 15% (target)
 Sustain at ≥
Optimize capital efficiency (proactive profit sharing & swift stock repurchase according to the situation)
 Item
 Phase 1 plan (result)
 Phase 2 Plan
 Dividends: consolidated dividend payout ratio*3
 FY2018:44%
 approx. 40%
 Share repurchase
 FY2016:¥10 billion
 FY2019:¥10 billion*4
     *3 Calculated based on profit after an amount equivalent to the statutory effective tax rate is deducted from business profit, which shows profit from operations.
*4 Seiko Epson repurchased shares in the acquisition period between May 7 and September 20, 2019 based on a resolution passed by the board of directors on April 26, 2019, approving the repurchase of up to ¥10 billion in shares or up to 7,500,000 shares.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 22
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Message from the CFO
 Exercising Discipline and Dynamism
to Build a Robust Financial Structure Capable of Adapting to Rapid Change
Tatsuaki Seki
FY2018 Financial Results
In FY2018, the final year under the Epson 25 Phase 1 Mid-Range Business Plan (FY2016-2018), we recorded ¥1,089.6 billion in revenue (down 1.1% year on year) and ¥70.4 billion in business profit (down 5.7% year on year). We achieved revenue growth in high-capacity ink tank inkjet printers and in 3LCD projectors. However, this growth was more than offset by a decline in crystal device and robotics solutions revenues. Our revenue and business profit ended lower than last year chiefly due to slower sales in the wake of Chinese economic deceleration, aggressive strategic investment in future growth, and negative foreign exchange effects resulting from plummeting currencies in Latin America and some other emerging nations. Still, given that revenue and profit increased on a constant currency basis and that sales of strategic products expanded, I feel we are heading in the right direction.
Director and Managing Executive Officer and CFO
General Administrative Manager, Management Control Division
  23
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

   Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Strategies
We aggressively invested as planned during Phase 1 to put us on track toward achieving the Epson 25 vision, but these investments have not yielded adequate business and financial returns. Consequently, we fell short of our revenue, business profit, and cash flow targets.
The one financial target we did succeed in attaining was ROE (10.2%). In Phase 2, we will not use financial leverage to superficially improve our financials. Instead, once we have improved the company’s financial condition, we will strive to meet our mid-term target of sustaining an ROE of 10% or more while bearing in mind the cost of capital.
Improving Financial Operations
Free cash flow was negative in FY2018. Increased inventories were the main reason. Period-end inventories were higher than expected, a result of sluggish sales in Latin America and control issues in manufacturing. We will restore inventories to appropriate levels and improve free cash flow by tightening communication between manufacturing and sales organizations and by improving inventory management. We have recently launched a Global Business Infrastructure Innovation Project. The aim is to increase efficiency and strengthen governance by standardizing IT systems throughout the Epson Group. In the past, our systems have been divided by function. We will consolidate these into a single unified system database to standardize global
  operations. This will provide real-time visibility into the business situation and speed up management decision-making. In turn, this will enable us to build global consensus under Head Office leadership while achieving disciplined and dynamic operations, with individuals able to independently make decisions and take action.
Free Cash Flow
■ Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ■ Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Free Cash Flow
96.8 84.2
-75.7 -74.6
(Billions of yen)
  21.1
    76.9
95.0
      9.6
      -5.7
 -82.7
-80.0
15.0
 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 result result result outlook
Focusing Management Resources on Priorities
Capital is a precious and limited management resource. In Phase 1, we tried to extend our businesses in all directions. As a result, investment and spending by senior management and the Head Office were not focused tightly enough on priorities. In Phase 2, therefore, we will provide senior management with clear decision-making criteria and, with senior management and the Head Office exercising control, focus management resources on two core Epson 25 growth strategies: the replacement of laser printers with inkjet printers, and the transition from B2C to B2B.
Accordingly, a key mission of Finance will be to clarify the management resources to be invested in each business, establish fair decision-making criteria, and enforce global financial discipline during execution. This will allow us to focus on priority areas, rebuild the product portfolio, and switch to a budget process that reflects longer-term business decisions based on economic conditions and strategy effectiveness.
(as of the end of July 2019)
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 24
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

            25
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Message from the CTO
Continuing to Tackle Challenges with Innovative Approaches to Create Technologies for the Future
Yasunori Ogawa
Director, Managing Executive Officer and CTO
General Administrative Manager, Technology Development Division
Epson’s Manufacturing Infrastructure
Technological Breakthrough + Integrity and Effort = The Creation of Innovative Products
Epson has produced numerous groundbreaking products since the company was founded in 1942. The first quartz watch revolutionized the world of horology. Our high-resolution color inkjet printers enabled the average household to print its own photos. Our 3LCD projectors changed business presentations.
When you innovate, you need to overcome myriad obstacles. Teamwork and a challenge-accepting corporate culture are crucial for knocking them down. The close cooperation between the Technology Development Division, which provides the basic technologies necessary for product development, and the operations divisions, which design products that reach our customers, is the driving force that enables us to overcome these obstacles. Our employees are willing to take on challenges, pursue questions until they can be satisfied that they have gained true insight, and pursue perfection toward achieving objectives. Working with quiet dedication to innovate is in Epson’s DNA.
Epson 25 Phase 1 Mid-Range Business Plan
Towards societal problem-solving technological developments
Epson grew by pursuing perfection when it came to technology, but in executing Epson 25, we started wondering whether the technology that we were creating really was for customers. We realized that there were technologies under development that had almost no chance for practical business, so we had no choice but to discontinue development. In my view, these development projects were undertaken because we lost a true customer perspective and ended up focusing on technological advancements. On the other hand, that was not the case with the world’s first*1 office papermaking system, the PaperLab A-8000, which we released in 2016. The PaperLab employs dry fiber

 technology, the development of which was motivated by a desire to preserve paper-based communication while maintaining sustainability by recycling paper outside of the traditional water-intensive recycling process.
*1 Based on a November 2016 Epson study of the office paper recycling market
Future Technology Strategy Policy How do we realize the future we want?
Establishing a new technology requires repeated testing and bouncing of different technologies, and ideas off one another, and this can take a long time. If your established technology doesn’t fit the needs of customers, you won’t be able to create new value. And that is why we need to look from a forward perspective to see potential future societal problems, and based on that, develop a vision of the future we wish to realize. We must understand our current technological strengths and weaknesses. Once we have done that, we need to deeply and broadly consider the path to attain our vision from a customer, technology and business perspective. The Technology Development Division is now playing a central role in examining from a panoramic view Epson’s technologies to identify our strengths and weaknesses. This will be key to structuring our technology strategy.
   Strategic Approach
1 Envision a world (vision) that we want to realize 2 Understand our current technological strengths
and weaknesses
3 Deeply and broadly consider from a customer,
technology, and business perspective the path to attain our vision
2
Grasp of the
current situation
Understand the strengths and weaknesses of our technology
1
What kind of future world do we want to create?
Technology
     Technological feasibility
Innovation
   Customers
Utility Necessity
Business
Business feasibility Profitability
 Open Innovation that Will Accelerate Value Creation Creating more value with partnerships
A lot has changed recently. Inkjet technology is driving the digitization of commercial and industrial printing, and advances in IT have given us the potential to increase customer touch points. Environmental regulations have become more strict, and companies are expected to play a bigger role in achieving a sustainable society by improving the environmental performance of their products and reducing waste materials and greenhouse gas emissions from their production processes.
Up until now, Epson has independently developed its own technology under the assumption that, as a vertically integrated company, we would control everything from the planning and design of our products to their manufacture and sale. But, for Epson to quickly solve societal problems, we will embrace open innovation opportunities, collaborating with other companies and research organizations to accelerate the creation of new value. We will meet our customers’ fundamental needs by offering comprehensive solutions that include both hardware and software.
To achieve the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) and Epson’s Environmental Vision 2050, we will need to develop more innovative technology. We will continue to relentlessly try to elevate Epson’s efficient, compact and precision technologies so that we continue creating products like PaperLab.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 26
 3 The path towards the world we desire
Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Business Segment Overview
Printing Solutions Business Segment
    Revenue
¥
723.6
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
billion 1,000 (down 1.8% year on year) 750
736.6
2017
160
723.6 120 80 40
94.8 94.5
   Segment profit
66.3%
500 250 0
¥
2018 (FY) 0 2017
94.5
 billion
(down 0.4% year on year)
Main Products
Home & SOHO products
Office & business products
Inkjet MFPs
High-speed linehead inkjet MFPs
Commercial & industrial products
For photos & graphics
Large-format inkjet printers
For textiles
Digital inkjet textile printers
    2018 (FY)
       Home printers
Receipt printers
Serial-impact dot-matrix printers
High-capacity ink tank printers
             Scanners
For signage
Large-format inkjet printers
For labels
Dry process office papermaking system
             27
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Segment revenue as a percentage of total revenue
Inkjet digital label presses
Revenue
Segment profit
  Printheads
Inkjet head
   
 Visual Communications Business Segment
     Revenue
203.3
(up 2.2% year on year)
(Billions of yen)
240 160 80
(Billions of yen)
32
24 24.4 16
¥
billion
198.8
203.3
 Segment profit
18.6%
Business & education product lineup
21.2
2018 (FY)
¥
21.2
8 00
billion
(down 13.1% year on year)
Main Products
¥
  5.5
Segment revenue as a percentage of total revenue
2017
2018 (FY) 2017
             Home products
High-quality model
Short-throw laser projector
Basic model Mobile model Ultra-short throw desktop model
Commercial & enterprise product lineup
Ultra-short throw wall-mounted laser projector
Installed projector with laser light source
Smart glasses
Professional models
      Standard model
Smart glasses
Events & signage
High-brightness laser projectors
Spatial projection
              Wearable & Industrial Products Business Segment
Laser lighting projectors
163.4
2018 (FY)
 Revenue
163.4
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
billion
(down 2.3% year on year)
¥
200 150 100
50 0
167.3
2017
12 9 6 3 0
 Segment profit
15.0% Industrial robots
SCARA robots
7.1 5.5
2017 2018 (FY)
IC handlers
Force sensing systems
 billion
(down 23.0% year on year)
       Main Products
Watches
GPS satellite radio-controlled watches with
“Light Charge”
Movements
               Mechanical watches
Seiko business (sales: Seiko Watch Corp.)
Autonomous dual-arm robots
Superfine
alloy Semiconductors powders
 Small articulated robots
Revenue
Segment profit
      Segment revenue as a percentage of total revenue
Revenue
Segment profit
         Microdevices, other
Crystal devices
   Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 28
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

   Value Creation Strategy
             Vision
Inkjet Innovation
Refine Micro Piezo technology, and expand into high-productivity segments. Improve environmental performance and create
a sustainable printing ecosystem.
   Koichi Kubota
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer, Printing Solutions Operations Division
Value Creation
Reduce costs, time, and trouble in printing, and create new possibilities for digital printing.
Mitigate environmental impacts and risks caused by the use of resources, electrici- ty, and chemicals in traditional printing.
Contribute to higher customer productiv- ity with high-speed, high-quality prints on a range of media of various sizes.
     The spread of information and communications technology (ICT) is
said to be driving us toward a paperless world, but that does not
mean that total print volume will decrease. While fewer books, news- papers, and magazines may be printed, there will always be a need
for printing in the office. That is because even though we are sharing
more digital information, the amount of information keeps growing. So,
even if the percentage of information printed decreases, total print volume will not markedly change. The value of paper as a convenient medium for presenting more information at a glance will not change.
Home and office printing is a ¥17 trillion global market, and laser printers handle the large majority of office print jobs. There is
room for huge growth in this market for Epson and our inkjet printers, which offer unique value, including productivity and envi- ronmental performance that surpass those of laser printers.
Commercial and industrial printing firms, seeing growing demand for short-run production, are migrating toward digital printers and away from 0 plate-based analog printing processes. The strengths of Epson’s inkjet technology can be effectively demonstrated especially in these segments,
so I think we can ride the digitization wave toward significant growth.
Home & Office (%) Printer Market Size
Color laser Monochrome laser Inkjet
Asia Japan Pacific
100
 approx. ¥17 trillion
               North America
Western
ETD*1
South
America Europe
* 2017, per Epson research based on data from IDC and Photizo (including ink) * Width: market size (monetary value based)
*1 Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Africa
     Phase 1 Review
We did not reach the company’s financial targets in Phase 1, but we made progress in a variety of areas. Among them were that we reinforced production capacity of PrecisionCore printheads and increased the efficiency of product development by platforming. We achieved substantial growth in sales of high-capacity ink tank printers. We also launched strategically important high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers. On the other hand, we were unable to displace laser printers to the extent hoped. We recognize that we needed to better advertise the benefits of inkjets and that we were late in providing functions and services that customers need.
The growth areas of commercial and industrial printing (signage, textiles, labels) continue to expand in step with population and economic growth. They are also increasingly going digital. We still need to accelerate our response, but we made steady prog- ress in developing new product families and will focus on their launch and sales.
Phase 1 Achievements
High-Capacity Ink Tank, Home & SOHO Printers
Captured growth while transitioning away from the cartridge business model, which depends on sales of inkjet and laser printer consumables
Expanded sales of high-capacity ink tank printers in emerging and developed markets
Shared Office Printers
Launched high-speed linehead inkjet MFPs
Strengthened sales organizations in Japan & Western Europe Captured customer needs from launched products
Commercial & Industrial Printers
Made progress in the development of platforms & products for future growth
Increased PrecisionCore printhead production capacity
      29 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
 
    Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Accelerate office inkjet market development
Lead the transition to inkjets in commercial and industrial printing
 We will capitalize on our unique core technologies to expand and upgrade our product lineup. At the same time, we will accelerate market development by advertising the benefits of Epson’s inkjet technology and by providing new services.
In the commercial and industrial sectors, in particular, we will create platforms to efficiently expand our product lineup in order to lead the transition to digital printing solutions. In addition, we will expand the business by selling printheads and by engaging in collaboration and open innovation to respond to needs that we were not able to fully meet in the past.
  High-Capacity Ink Tank Printers
Strengthen the product lineup and provide attractive subscription-based services
Monochrome laser printers account for a high share of the home and office markets (see the graph on the previous page). Epson is strengthening its lineup of high-capacity ink tank printers to meet the printing needs in these markets.
High-capacity ink tank printers enable you to print at about one-tenth*2 the cost of laser printers, but for customers who want to keep down initial costs, we are rolling out subscription-based printing services that allow you to use products and services for a fixed period of time for a flat fee.
The market for high-capacity ink tank printers is being further stim- ulated by the entry of competitors. As the pioneer in this category, Epson has built trust and its brand. We will take advantage of our extensive product lineup to accelerate the development of the office market and the displacement of laser printers.
*2 Comparison of A4 sheet printing costs between an EW-M670FT high-capacity ink tank printer and an Epson laser printer
Contribution to SDGs
Reducing Environmental Impacts with High-Capacity Ink Tank Printers
A4 color multifunction printer
A4 monochrome multifunction printer
A4 monochrome printer
    High-Capacity Ink Tank Printer Unit Sales Trend
(10k units)
 1,200
800 400 0
40 million units
shipped globally (cumulative) (as of July 2019)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) (projected)
                  Relevant SDGs
9.4
Epson’s strengths
● Low power consumption
● Fewer consumables
Created value
● Low environ- mental impact
High-capacity ink tank printers
Power Consumption Comparison
        Laser printer (LP-M5300)*3
High-capacity 0.4 kWh*5 ink tank
4.6
kWh*4
  Epson’s high-capacity ink tank printers do not use heat in the printing process, so they use only about one-tenth the total power of laser printers during print- ing and sleep mode. High-capacity ink tanks also reduce the amount of con- sumables and packaging used.
*3 Epson laser printer (launched June 2012) *4 Typical electricity consumption (TEC) values calculated based on 1 week of office use. Values were measured using the test method in Ver. 2.0 ENERGY STAR® spec. *5 Independently calculated by Epson based TEC measurement criteria of the ENERGY STAR® program and an output of 162 prints per day. Actual energy consumption may vary depending on printer use. Results based on calculation method used in Japan.
 printer (EW-M5071FT)
Power consumption
012345
1/10
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 30
th
   Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

  Value Creation Strategy
  Power consumption
Print speed
100*7 pages/minute
approx.1/8 *6 th
  Shared Office Printers
Grow market share with high-speed linehead inkjet MFPs
that of laser systems
High-speed linehead inkjet multifunction office printers are strategic products that will change laser-dominated office printing landscape. The WF-C20590 high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer is equipped with PrecisionCore lineheads that deliver print speeds up to 100 ppm, which is about double the 50-page output of a typical office laser printer. Power consumption is about one-eighth that of a typical laser printer. The office market holds considerable potential for inkjet printers. Competitors are beginning to enter the market with their own line inkjets, but Epson’s linehead inkjets with Heat-Free Technology print even high density patterns at consistent high-speeds and in high volumes. We will vigorously communicate that value and further build product awareness.
The progress made and the insights gained during Phase 1 give us a foundation from which to build a strong office sales organization so that we can provide even better features and solutions.
Micro Piezo Technology
The benefits of Epson’s Micro Piezo inkjet technology
Epson’s proprietary Micro Piezo inkjet technology provides a common platform for all Epson inkjet printers, whether for the home or business, and is what separates us from the competi- tion.
Comparison with laser technology: The laser printing process is complicated, comprising of preheat, charging, exposure, devel- opment, transfer, and fusing steps. Fine toner powder is trans- ferred to a sheet of paper through contact and fused with a combination of heat and pressure. In contrast, Epson’s piezo inkjet printers are simple, non-contact systems. They deposit ink droplets on media without heating the ink, so they are durable, require only infrequent parts replacement, and generate little waste. Even if paper does jam, it can be removed easily and safely because there are no hot parts. The fact that they do not use heat also means that they use less power.
Advantages of piezo-inkjet technology: With Epson’s Heat-Free Technology there are no printing delays caused by accumulated heat in the print head. This is because printing results from the action of piezo electric actuators, which mechanically eject droplets of ink as they flex back and forth under an applied volt- age (piezo displacement). Printing speeds remain consistent because the speed is not affected significantly, even when con- tinuously printing high-density pattern documents.
High-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer
FY2018 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation (Product Category & Business Model Category) Sponsor: The Energy Conservation Center, Japan
Won the 2018 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation
  *6 Epson product compared to the average per-page power consump- tion for the 10 top-selling A3 color all-in-one models in the 45-55 ppm class (based on 2016 shipments as reported in IDC’s Worldwide Quarterly Hardcopy Peripherals Tracker 2017Q3). Uses TEC values found in energystar.jp/ (as of November 2017). TEC calculating conditions used to find per-page values.
*7 A4, landscape, single-side printing. Print speeds are measured in accordance with ISO/IEC 24734. Actual print times will vary based on system configuration, software, and page complexity.
Features of Epson Inkjet Systems
*8 Total cost of ownership
Non-Contact, Heat-Free System with a Simple Structure
     Characteristics
Consistent high speed
Low power consumption
Durable
Infrequent parts replacement
Little waste
Low TCO*8
& low environmental impact
Advantages
        Heat not used
Non-contact
Simple structure
               Print process (vs. Laser)
Laser
Inkjet
   Print job
   Preheat
Transfer Fusing
Heat
Contact
Heat /Press
Ink eject Non- contact
 Charging
 Expose
 Development
   31
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

  Lead the Transition to Inkjets in Commercial & Industrial Printing
   Commercial & Industrial Printing
Lead the transition to digital printing
Digitization is steadily advancing in the commercial and industrial printing markets, where the demand for design diversity is driving the spread of short-run production. Here, Epson has designated the signage, textile, and label printing segments as growth markets where there is ample room for digitization and expansion.
To lead the transition to digital printing in the commercial and industrial sectors, we are developing platforms that can efficiently be deployed in products and services that meet diverse customer needs. Leveraging the advantages of Micro Piezo inkjet technology, we will build up our lineup of faster, higher quality products that support a wide range of media and materials. At the same time, we will provide applications built around our Color Control Technology color matching software to capture replacement, additional printer, and distributed printing demand.
As we have already done in Italy, we are enhancing sales proposals and customer support in Asia by opening Textile Solution Centers in Japan, where customers can conduct tests and prepare samples using our textile printers. Also, a factory for prototyping and mass-producing large commercial and industrial printers is under construction in Japan, as we seek to strengthen domestic R&D and production.
Products Launched in Growth Areas
Large-format printers Large-format dye-sublimation Digital textile printers for signs and displays transfer printers for textiles
Embrace Collaboration and Open Innovation
Create markets by providing printheads
To accelerate inkjet-based digitization and create new markets, Epson is embracing collaboration and open innovation and has begun selling its printheads, which are known for reliability, print quality, and productivi- ty, for a wide range of printing applications.
For example, in addition to the commercial and industrial fields, Epson printheads are gaining traction in new applications such as electronics and biotechnology fields.
Commercial & Industrial Printing Market Size
Digitization rate (%)
100
Analog printing
Digital printing
0
Room for growth with digital solutions
approx. ¥3.6 trillion
   Photo & graphics
 Signage
 Textiles
 Labels
    Width: Market size (on a monetary basis). FY2018 analog & digital market (printer & ink) by category, per Epson research
Value Proposition for Commercial & Industrial Customers
 Photo & graphics
Unbeatable powers of expression and print quality
 Signage
Support for a variety of media and applications
 Textiles
Low environmental impact and printing on a variety of materials
 Labels
On-demand printing of a large variety of labels in small quantities
    Signage(signs & decor)
 Textiles (apparel)
 Labels(package printing)
       Digital label presses
PrecisionCore printhead
New MACH head
Color label printers
       MACH head
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 32
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

    Value Creation Strategy
           Vision
Visual Innovation
Refine original microdisplay and projection technologies, and create outstanding visual experiences and a natural visual communications environment for every aspect of business and lifestyles.
  Keijiro Naito
Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer,
Operations Division
Value Creation
Deliver amazing visual experiences and enrich communication through ubiqui- tous imaging.
Use high-quality images to enrich lives and enhance customer productivity.
Use realistic augmented reality (AR) to reduce environmental impacts associ- ated with travel and transport.
   The projector market is shrinking under pressure from growth in sales of large LCD monitors and other flat panel displays, yet the total display device market continues to grow. The amount of time people spend looking at images is rapidly increasing. Moreover, with the advance of globalization, individuals in remote locations are now communicating naturally with one another via video.
Communications that effectively use pictures, video, and other forms of visual information are, I think, only going to see more growth. Advances in technology are making it possible to render all kinds of images and provide memorable visual experiences.
We will respond to these changes by identifying customer needs and developing products that meet those needs.
Global Market Share*1 (Unit Volume)
Visual Products
   (%)
40 30 20 10
0
      2014 2015
2016 2017 2018
(FY)
* Source: Futuresource Consulting Ltd.
*1 Share among 500-lumen class projectors and higher
     Phase 1 Review
We continued to expand our market share by launching strong products, such as high-brightness laser projec- tors, and strong services, and maintained our grip on the top share in the global market. We sought to create a new market by launching accent lighting pro- jectors for new spatial design applications. In smart glasses, we launched new products with silicon OLED screens but did not achieve substantial growth.
Projector Usage Example
Epson, serving as a projection partner, sponsors a magical show titled“teamLab Borderless”at the Mori Building Digital Art Museum.
Phase 1 Achievements
Projectors
Expanded share with strong products and services
Increased our market presence by launching high-brightness laser projectors Launched accent lighting projectors for the spatial design market
Smart Glasses
Launched new products equipped with silicon OLEDs
Smart Glasses Usage Example
Smart glasses were introduced for hearing-im- paired visitors to the National Theatre in London.
        33
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
EPSON teamLab Borderless Introductory video
https://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=02CMWSVeJqA
 
    Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Increase our market presence with laser projectors
Create new markets through open innovation and by proposing new uses
 We will further solidify our position as the global leader in projectors by creating laser light source engine platforms to efficiently expand and upgrade our lineup, by enhancing our market presence, and by pioneering new markets.
In smart glasses we will continuously advance our OLED and optical technologies to boost customer value. We will also start providing optical engines to and collaborating with third parties to further expand the business.
Projectors
Leverage laser to expand into new areas
Laser projectors produce bright, vivid images, have a long-lasting light source, and can be installed in any orientation. Epson will accelerate busi- ness growth in the high-brightness segment by evolving laser light source engine platforms to efficiently expand and upgrade the product lineup. To get people to casually enjoy big-screen entertainment at home, we will expand and upgrade our lineup of compact models and ultra-short throw models, giving them attractive designs that blend into the home interior.
We will also highlight the advantages of projectors to create demand for accent lighting projectors in stores, restaurants, and entertainment venues.
Smart Glasses
Offer features and services that customers need
Epson’s smart glasses deliver see-through images hands-free on a virtual big-screen, anytime and anywhere. We will seek to take advantage of these features to expand personal, service, and industrial applications.
We also plan to expand, upgrade, and improve the usability of models that can be connected to a PC or smartphone. At the same time, we have begun to sell our silicon OLED optical engine modules to spur development of applications for smart glasses. Our smart glasses have transparent lenses, an advantage when it comes to flying drones and providing remote support. We will focus on killer applications for these types of uses to improve work efficiency and quality.
Contribution to SDGs
Projectors Supporting High-Quality Education
                          Relevant SDGs
4.1 4.3
Epson’s strengths
● Big-screen images with ultra-short throw projectors
● Interactive features for enhanced usability
Created value
● Supports equal, high-quality education for all
    Classrooms are one place where we can demonstrate the value of large projected images that are clearly visible even to students in the back. We are thus focusing our efforts on providing products and services for education. In 2006, we developed the world’s first*2 dust-proof projectors, for use in dusty and sandy regions. Epson is using ICT to enhance learning and improve the quality of education, and in so doing has earned a strong reputation in the education field by providing affordable projectors and models equipped with electronic blackboard functions. *2 According to Epson research at the time
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 34
  Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

   Value Creation Strategy
           Vision
Wearables Innovation
Leverage our watchmaking heritage, refine leading technology, and offer a sense of status and fashion.
   Junichi Watanabe
Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products Operations Division
Value Creation
State-of-the-art wearable and device technologies provide functionality and convenience.
Products of meticulous accuracy, beauty, and craftsmanship
     Watches are a ¥7 trillion global market that we expect to steadily grow as the world’s population increases and as people in emerging regions become more affluent. We therefore believe there is ample room for sales growth.
Yet, each watch wearer is unique, and each see value differently, so growth in this market hinges on the ability to meet widely divergent tastes.
Epson designs and manufactures a variety of movements, from mechanical to quartz to Spring Drive. Our competitiveness comes largely from our ultra-precision processing technologies, especially for analog watches, and the development capabilities that enable us to continue to provide compelling products.
By taking maximum advantage of these technological capabili- ties and by continuing to satisfy customers and provide indis- pensable value, we will further increase brand value and contin- ue growth in the watch market.
Watch Market Size
(millions of watches)
1,500
1,000 500 0
Market value of approx. ¥7 trillion
                 2014 2015
Analog quartz
2018 (FY) Digital quartz Mechanical
2016 2017
* Source of quantity data: statistics of the Japanese Clock & Watch Association * Value: Epson research
     Phase 1 Review
Total wearables sales fell short of the Phase 1 plan, in part because demand from visitors to Japan cooled.
In original brand products, we focused on the high value added analog segment where we capitalized on our unique technology. We also launched Trume, an original brand.
In the Seiko business, sales of new GPS models grew while luxury Spring Drive watches are steadily growing. Movement sales fell short of the plan due in part to sluggish market demand. Under the Phase 2 plan, we will focus more closely on our core competencies and strengthen areas that promise sustained growth.
Phase 1 Achievements
Watches
Focused resources on the high value added analog watch segment where we capitalized on our unique technology
Launched Trume as an Epson original watch brand
    35 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
 
    Epson 25
Focus on the analog watch segment where Business Plan Epson can capitalize on its strengths
Phase 2 Mid-Range Policies
 Epson produces mechanical, quartz, Spring Drive, and other watch movements. One of our strengths is that we produce a high percentage of watch parts internally and have the capacity to invent new parts. We draw on a rich storehouse of technological assets to create original analog watches.
We will strive to increase our selling power for Epson brands (Orient Star/Orient and Trume) and expand the brand busi- ness while also growing the Seiko business.
  ORIENT STAR/ORIENT
Expand in the analog watch segment and create watches that are
a pleasure to wear
We are looking to expand in analog watches, a segment where we can capitalize on our ultra-precision processing technology.
We will meet a wider range of analog watch needs with the Orient Star and Orient brands. In addition to a classic collection with watches of exquisite quality and practicality, we will meet these needs with a contemporary collection of watches for business settings and a sports collection with products for diving, the outdoors, and active lifestyles.
TRUME
Analog watch collections ranging from classic to sports
      Leverage our wearables technology to provide analog watches with new added value
Trume analog watches have built-in sensors and GPS-based time correction. They have evolved since the first Trume watch was released in 2017 to match wearers’ lifestyles and provide them with the joy of wearing.
The Trume lineup offers watches for various uses, with satisfying designs and optimal functions.
Contribution to SDGs
Preserving Our Ultra-Precision Processing Technology Traditions
Sensors provide functions wearers need
              Relevant SDGs
8.2
Epson’s strengths
Technology and artisanship essential for the manufacture of analog watches
Created value
Passing down a rich heritage of accumulated technology
Yoshifusa Nakazawa
Contemporary Master Craftsman Wearable Products Operations Division Micro Artist Studio
   Epson has developed many ultra-precision processing technologies over the decades. We have world-class watch fabrication technologies and master craftspersons steeped in those technologies and traditions. These are a precious global cultural resource for current and future manufacturing that we will continue to nurture and pass down to future generations.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 36
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

   Value Creation Strategy
        Vision
Robotics Innovation
Combine our core technologies with sensing and smart technologies in manufacturing, expand applications, and create a future in which robots support people in a wide variety of situations.
   Yoshifumi Yoshida
Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer, Robotics Solutions Operations Division
Value Creation
By providing solutions with robots that see, sense, think, and work, and by enabling anyone to easily use our robots, we will free people from performing work they don’t want to do and work that employers don’t want them to do, thus allowing them to shift into higher added value jobs that are more creative.
Mitigate environmental impacts with robots that are compact, slim, lightweight and, moreover, energy-efficient.
Using original robotics and sensing technolo- gies, we will achieve robots that move accurate- ly, at high speed, and with low vibration, thereby providing solutions that exceed custom- er expectations and increase their productivity.
The Compact Precision Robot Market and Epson’s Share Targets
     As global manufacturing wages rise and as competition for workers intensifies, the use of robots in manufacturing is rapidly expanding. Robot use will also likely spread from fac- tories to retailers to free people from dull, repetitive tasks. Robots are, without a doubt, a growth market.
In addition to efficient, compact and precision technology, Epson has image processing technology, sensing technolo- gies, and other original technologies and devices from multi- ple divisions. These allow us to provide compact, slim, light- weight robotic solutions of unrivaled speed and accuracy. With sales companies and manufacturing sites around the world, as well as an Epson network that provides local sales and service, we will quickly identify customer needs and rapid- ly respond to even the most exacting requirements. Our goal is to make our strengths even stronger and to be a leader in the compact precision robot market, which is expected to grow at an annual rate of 8% for the next decade.
(Billions of yen)
* Per Epson research
Collaborative robots
2018 2021 (FY)
200 150 100
50 0
SCARA
2018 2021
Small articulated robots
2018 2021
   Approximate
Epson 30% 32% 4% 5% ー 6% unit share
     Phase 1 Review
We were able to grow sales of robotic solutions thanks to the expansion of the robot market and the launch of strategic products like the N series of space-efficient six-axis robots and the T series of low-priced SCARA robots. To achieve future growth, we transferred sensing and software assets from the wearable products business to the robotics solutions business and forged capital ties with a venture company to acquire artificial intelligence (AI) technology. On the other hand, trade friction curbed corporations’appetite for investing in equip- ment like robots, causing the growth rate to slow in the latter half of FY2018.
IC handler sales were also tempered by U.S.-China trade friction, as well as by price competition.
Phase 1 Achievements
Robots
Sales grew smoothly as the market expanded and Epson launched strategic products
Transferred sensing and software technology assets refined by the wearable products business to the robotics solutions business
Forged capital ties with AI venture company Cross Compass
IC Handlers
Strengthened customer touch points by reorganizing direct sales and transformed operations by cutting costs and reducing lead-times
     37 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
 
    Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Drive manufacturing innovations by providing robots that meet a wide range of automation needs and solutions that accomplish sophisticated tasks
 We will accelerate the growth of robotic solutions into a core business by capturing growth opportunities, building up our core technologies and business infrastructure, and solidifying our ability to provide solutions.
    Robots
Accelerate core technology development and improve our ability to sell competitive solutions
To increase product competitiveness, Epson is embracing collaboration opportunities surrounding its sensing and other technologies while also using AI to further improve usability. These actions will drive growth in existing robot markets while also enabling us to enter the collaborative robot market.
A six-axis VT6 series robot with a built-in controller
A low-cost T series SCARA robot with a built-in controller
A space-saving six-axis N series robot
     Automating manufacturing requires more than just installing robots. Production lines must be designed and built by people who have manufacturing experience and expertise. Epson, which has populated its own factories with Epson robots over many decades, has expertise that enables it to translate users’needs into concrete solutions and recommendations. We will build on these capa- bilities and strengthen our sales support system in collaboration with our global manufacturing sites to accelerate growth.
     Automated printhead assembly
Seiko Epson is using its robots to automate printhead assembly. We can leverage our manufac- turing expertise to recommend solutions that meet manufacturers’automation needs.
IC Handlers
Before
After
    Build stronger customer touch points
We will build stronger customer touch points by reducing software development times and strengthening our service and support organization. We will also develop a product that meets the needs of the auto industry, where there is high demand for low-temperature (-40oC) operation and precise temperature control.
Contribution to SDGs
Providing Relief from Dull, Repetitive Tasks
IC handlers
Connecting an FFC
                Relevant SDGs
8.2
Epson’s strengths
Ability to provide solutions facilitate automation
Created value
Liberate people from dull, repetitive tasks
Before
After
     Epson’s force sensors endow robots with the ability to“feel”extremely subtle forces. This ability allows them to assemble mating parts, plug in flexible flat cables (FFC), insert capacitors, perform other difficult tasks that have traditionally relied on human sensory perception.
By providing solutions that make automation easy, we are helping manufacturers use robots to perform tasks that used to be done by humans. This liberates people from dull, repetitive tasks and allows them to focus on more creative, value-added jobs.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 38
  Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

   Value Creation Strategy
     Microdevices
Supporting the Four Areas of Innovation
    Vision
Epson will provide traction for the development of smart communications, power, transportation and manufacturing solutions with advanced Epson quartz timing and sensing solutions and low-power semiconductor solutions.
  Nobuyuki Shimotome
Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer, Microdevices Operations Division
Value Creation
Provide traction for smart societies by contributing to 5G networks, self-driving cars, and other next-generation infrastruc- ture with extraordinarily accurate timing devices.
Use Epson’s low-power and control technologies to provide low-power solutions that reduce finished product power consumption.
Help to make products smaller by reducing device size.
      Quartz is an extremely frequency-stable material. Epson exploits this feature to expand a lineup of crystal devices that are used in consumer products such as smartphones, as well as in infrastructure and automotive applications that require exceptional accuracy and reliability. Epson also serves a wide range of industries by providing timing devices, such as crystal units, oscillators, and real-time clock modules, and sensing devices, such as gyro-sensors and inertial measurement units (IMUs).
We also develop and provide low-power LCD controllers, microcontrollers, application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs), LCD drivers, and other differentiated Epson semi- conductor products for use in industrial products and automotive equipment.
     Phase 1 Review
Quartz business performance was hurt by a decline in mobile market demand. However, we recorded growth in sales of gyro-sensors and real-time clock modules for the automotive sector and in high-frequency oscillators for communications and networks. We also advanced the development of smaller devices for the mobile market.
The semiconductor business’results were in line with the Phase 1 plan thanks to an enhanced lineup of ICs for Epson products and a stable, balanced business portfolio.
Phase 1 Achievements
Quartz Business
Expanded and upgraded our lineup of gyro-sensors and timing devices for the automotive sector
Strengthened development of key components for crystal products used in communications and networks
Advanced key component development for small products
Semiconductor Business
Expanded and upgraded ICs for Epson finished products Advanced the development of high voltage and power devices
Achieved a well-balanced and stable business portfolio with internal sales, external sales, and a foundry business
     39 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
 
    Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Strengthen the competitiveness of miniature crystal products and provide traction for ultra-smart societies.
Contribute to value creation in the four areas of innovation.
  Quartz Business
Strengthen the competitiveness of small products and provide traction for ultra-smart societies
Miniaturized timing devices are in demand not only for use in smartphones and other mobile products but also in the burgeoning IoT market. We will continue to strengthen our lineup of small products to meet customer needs.
The communications and networks businesses are likely to see growth that takes advantage of 5G. We will continue to strengthen the competitiveness of our accurate and high-frequency oscillators that support 5G.
CASE (connected, autonomous, shared, electric) is an acronym that summarizes four major trends that are transforming the automotive industry. In response to the increased adoption of electronic automotive technologies, we will expand our lineup of real-time clock modules and other timing devices and launch gyro-sensors, IMUs, and other sensors for safety systems in self-driving cars.
Semiconductor Business
Contribute to value creation
in the four areas of innovation
To help create value in the four areas of innovation, we will bolster development of ICs for internal use. The technology assets thus acquired will be used to efficiently develop products for external sale. The insights gained from external sales will be fed back into internal product designs, thus increasing value for both Epson and customers. The foundry business will continue to operate stably.
Contribution to SDGs
Programmable oscillator
Real-time clock module
Temperature compensated crystal oscillator (TCXO)
Oven-controlled crystal oscillator (OCXO)
       Gyrosensor
Inertial measurement unit (IMU)
     LCD Microcontroller controller
  Contribute to Product Energy Efficiency with Low-Power Real-Time Clock Modules
Current Consumption Comparison of 3.2 x 2.5 mm Epson RTC Modules
Current consumption (nA)
400 300 200 100
0
Application- specific integrated circuit (ASIC)
LCD driver
            Relevant SDGs
7.3
Epson’s strengths
Low power devices that combining quartz and semiconduc- tor technologies
Created value
Help customers reduce system size and power consumption
Reduced by 1/3rd
RX8111CE 2019
      We have increased the power efficiency, accuracy, and precision of our real-time clock (RTC) modules by combining the quartz and power-saving semiconductor technologies Epson began developing for watches. By providing products that consume even less current for IoT terminals and other systems that need to be small and energy efficient, we will help customers create environmentally friendlier finished products that operate for longer on smaller batteries.
RX8130CE
 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 40
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Value Creation Infrastructure
      Improve the Quality of Products and Services
  Motonori
Okumura
Managing Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
Quality Policy
1. We will solve problems by directly observing all of our operations and processes.
2. We will quickly complete the Plan, Do, Check & Act (PDCA) cycle in all situations.
3. We will thoroughly analyze any failures, and establish procedures based on that analysis, so that mistakes are never repeated.
4. We will proactively consider our customers’ satisfaction so they will genuinely prefer purchasing Epson products and feel confident using them.
5. We will seize the opportunity presented by customer comments and complaints to inform our decisions when designing new products.
6. We will readily report even negative information.
7. We will foster a climate in which attention is paid to even the most commonplace events.
Message from Top Management
Customer satisfaction, enshrined in the Epson Management Philosophy, is the goal of every Epson employee. That means always offering customers around the world products and services that are safe, secure, user-friendly, surprising, and delightful. To achieve that, each Epson employee works con- stantly to enhance the quality of their work from a customer perspective.
To support them, Epson provides a foundation for continually creating high-quality products and services. In each business area, we establish mid-range quality improvement targets and measures for achieving them.
   Quality Assurance Program Organization
The president of Seiko Epson Corporation heads up our quality assurance program. A Quality Assurance Council, committees, and project teams solve shared issues and serious problems. In addition, we manage our quality assurance programs by periodically assessing and reviewing the state of quality and the progress of actions, reporting the results to the president, and formulating and implementing policies for further improvement.
Collaboration, instructions & reports
 Seiko Epson
 President
 General administrative manager in charge of quality assurance
 Head of quality assurance supervisory department
SEC quality assurance supervisory department
Instructions & reports
 Instructions & reports
  Assessments & reports
   Operations division
   Quality Assurance Council/ committees/project teams
Solve important common issues
Chief operating officer
Epson Group manufacturing companies
Epson Group sales companies
  President
President
   Head of quality assurance
 41 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Manufacturing companies managed by the operations division
Head of quality assurance
Collaboration
Collaboration
Head of quality assurance
 
   Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy
We seek to achieve the goals of the Epson 25 Corporate Vision by raising the quality of work in all operations, demonstrating teamwork and collective strength, and providing products and services that exceed customer expectations.
   Vision
Earn strong trust from customers by taking innovative approaches to improving the quality of the overall product commercialization process and quickly achieving a level of quality that exceeds customer expectations.
Following our Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy, we draw up mid-range CS & quality targets for each business area and ways to achieve them. Using these, we make quality improvements to products and services over the long-term.
CS & Quality Vision (Creating Customer Value)
  Collect feedback
Create value
Create
Customer information/ resources
 Deliver
Products/ services
Deliver value
Customers
 Produce
Customer value
  Incorporate the Voice of the Customer into Products
Market and work site information are extremely important for creating product value in the“create, produce, and deliver” cycle. We listen sincerely to customers who use our products‒their impressions of the product, the troubles they have. We then work with our departments to respond so that the next customer will be satisfied.
In 2013, we launched a product of a new type for Epson: a garment printer that prints on cotton fabric, such as T-shirts and tote bags. Its successor models came out in March 2018. Known as the SC-F2100 series, they offer greater work per- formance and efficiency in the workplace because they incorporate customer needs that came to light in the four and a half years since the first garment printer went on sale.
Share value
   “Garment loading is troublesome”
We devised a way to set garments in place with a quick-load grip pad instead of a metal hoop. This cut the loading time by about half (to about 15 seconds) and keeps garments and other fabrics from expanding.
“I need faster print speed”
The original product prioritized color expression. Print jobs began by printing two white layers to cover the color of the fabric and then printed color as the third layer. However, market survey results showed some customers wanted the productivity of faster printing while others prioritized color expression. To meet both needs, we developed a high-speed mode in which the first layer is printed in white and the second in color and white simultaneously. The high-speed mode increased print speed by 33% with little loss of color expression.
White undercoat printing process (sectional view)
   Changes to the T-shirt setup procedure
Use a hoop to set
Garment Printers SC-F2100 Series
“There should be less waiting time”
Use a quick-load grip pad to set
          The SC-F2000 series was designed to automatically circulate white ink every day for up to 10 minutes to prevent particles contained in white ink from settling. Sometimes the circulation process began just when the customer wanted to print, so they had to wait. We analyzed the workflow and found there was a 20-second interval between printing jobs (to unload the printed garment and set the next one in). We created a program to break the circulation process down into steps that run only in the intervals so customers no longer need to wait to print.
A fabric preparation product is applied to the surface of dark fabric so that white ink will not penetrate the fabric. The product reacted with fabric dyes and made stains. People who bought garments sometimes returned them due to the stains. Other garment printer manufacturers all had the same problem. We addressed the problem by identifying a material that effectively minimizes the reaction with fabric dyes and mixing it with the fabric preparation product. We tested the new fabric preparation product on more than 150 types of fabric manufactured around the world under expected usage conditions and confirmed that stains became less conspicuous.
Color
White
White
Original printing mode
3rd layer
2nd layer White Color White
“Print jobs should be more attractive”
1st layer
White
High-speed printing mode
  Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 42
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Value Creation Infrastructure
         Strengthen Supply Chain Management
  Motonori
Okumura
Managing Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
Supply Chain CSR Strategy
Epson seeks to build trusting relationships with our business partners around the world based on fairness, coexistence, transparency, and mutual prosperity. To fulfill our social responsibility, we hold our suppliers to the same high standards of ethical conduct that we uphold. The six action items listed to the right are our top priority.
● Providing products and services that create customer value ● Contributing to environmental conservation
● Complying with laws, engaging in proper business practic-
es, and operating with high ethical standards
● Respecting basic human rights
● Ensuring safe, healthy, and fair working environments ● Implementing business continuity management (BCM)
Message from Top Management
Epson’s Management Philosophy urges us to grow and prosper together with the community, working with our business partners for mutual benefit. In this way, we aspire to be an indispensable company. We believe we can maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our suppliers and other business partners by asking them to live up to the highest standards of ethical conduct while respecting their autonomy and independence. When suppliers take the same approach as Epson to human rights, labor conditions, the environment, compli- ance, ethics, quality, and information security, we can solve society’s challenges together and contribute to the making of a sustainable society.
   Supply Chain CSR Management
Socially Responsible Procurement Program
Complying with
the Epson Procurement Guideline
50
In addition to quality, cost, and delivery, Epson addresses CSR issues that
concern the international community, such as the environment and labor
practices. This content has been compiled into the Epson Group
Procurement Guidelines, which includes the Epson Supplier Code of
Conduct. Epson is elevating CSR performance by implementing a socially
responsible procurement program that encourages suppliers to meet the
requirements of the Procurement Guidelines requirements at a higher level.
Suppliers are asked to comply with the Epson Procurement Guidelines, 4 and their compliance is assessed by conducted an SAQ*1. Risks are Corrective analyzed, facts may be verified on-site, and suppliers may be audited actions and asked to make improvements as needed. Suppliers themselves
drive improvements and check how well they are improving. We run this program on direct suppliers*2 and suppliers of indirect materials*3 in alternate years.
Epson furthermore joined the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), a global coalition dedicated to CSR in global supply chains, as a regular member in April 2019.
Request to 1
    Status check/Audit
On-site verification/Audit
supplier
Status assessment by SAQs
2
Risk evaluation
      3
       43
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
*1 Abbreviation for“Self-Assessment Questionnaire,”using a question-and-answer format
*2 Suppliers of parts and other materials for finished products *3 Suppliers of temporary staffing, contracted services, etc.
 
  Supply Chain Overview
Epson does business with about 1,400 suppliers around the world. Most of them are located in (including Japan), where Epson has factories.
Epson received 312 responses from 333 key suppliers who were asked to assess themselves with the SAQ in FY2018. If a supplier was deemed medium risk or lower, we asked them to make further improvements. High-risk suppliers underwent site audits (including some conducted by third parties) and have been making improvements under corrective action plans.
 Procurement Overview
High risk
 Japan
Procurement amount
Number of Suppliers
Southeast Asia
0%
East Asia
Americas
Europe 1% 2%
100%
FY2018
SAQ Evaluation 5% Results
Medium risk
38% Production material suppliers
  23%
 46%
 28%
1% 1%
 37%
 27%
 34%
 Low risk
57%
 Responsible Mineral Sourcing
Under our mid-range targets, Epson products should not contain conflict minerals that fund armed groups committing human rights abuses and environmental destruction in conflict-torn regions and high-risk areas. We are acting to achieve this target. In FY2018, 82% of identified smelters were certified as conflict-free smelters (CFS), meaning that they do not handle conflict minerals for the four metals of concern. We also found that all identified smelters were CFSs for the metal tantalum, which is widely used in electronic components.
At events like supplier CSR conferences, we promote compliance with Epson policies, ask our suppliers to work to improve survey accuracy, and share infor- mation with suppliers on conflict minerals response trends.
Target and Results
*4 For information regarding the details of the smelters we have been able to identify, please contact your local Epson sales company.
   KPI
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2018
 Gold
Tantalum
Tin
Tungsten
Identified smelters
-
314
312
314
150
40
81
43
Number of CFS*4
-
243
249
256
102
40
74
40
Rate of CFS
100%
(by March, 2021)
77%
80%
82%
68%
100%
91%
93%
    Supply Chain BCM (Business Continuity Management)
Epson is introducing supply chain BCM and is improving business continuity and resilience throughout the supply chain so that even if a disaster, accident, epidemic, or other event should cause disruption, Epson can fulfill its responsibility to customers by recovering and providing products and services within a target recovery time.
The Epson supply chain BCM consists of five functions. The supplier function includes BCM activities that suppliers undertake to ensure their supply of goods to Epson is not disrupted. Suppliers perform self-assessments periodically. Epson feedbacks the survey result to the suppliers, and supports them for their improvement action.
Supply chain BCM
Procurement function (alternate procurement)
Supplier function Production function Sales function
Supplier Production sites Sales sites Customers Logistics function
      Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 44
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

            Value Creation Infrastructure
    Strengthen Governance
Initiatives to Enhance and Strengthen Corporate Governance
To achieve our goals, promote sustainable growth, and increase long-term corporate value, Seiko Epson continuously improves corporate governance to ensure transparent, fair, and fast decision-making, including by ensuring that independent outside directors comprise at least one-third of the board, and by establishing committees to nominate officers and determine compensation.
  2012 Elected an outside director
2016 ● Transitioned from a company with an audit & supervisory board to a company with an audit & supervisory committee
● Increased the number of outside directors
(The Director Compensation Committee and Director Nomination Committee are comprised mainly of outside directors)
● Introduced a performance-linked stock compensation plan 2018 Corporate Governance Policy revised
Established“Standard of Outside Officers’ Independence”
2013
2014 Increased outside directors
2015 Established a Corporate Governance Policy
Actions to Ensure Board Effectiveness
Seiko Epson seeks to continuously enhance the effectiveness of its board of directors pursuant to its Corporate Governance Policy. Toward this end, Seiko Epson has been analyzing and evaluating board effectiveness annually since FY2015 based on a self-evaluation survey that all board members are asked to complete.
Evaluation process
FY2017 FY2018 (evaluation of the FY2017) * evaluated by third party Summary of evaluation outcomes released
      2018 Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug.
Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)     Analyze & evaluate results (Apr.-May), release results (Jun.)
Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec.
Implement improvements (July- )
The board further increases its effective- ness by addressing selected issues.
Response to issues
    All directors evaluate and comment on their own performance and on that of the board as a whole.
Questionnaire Topics
❶ Board composition, functioning, and operation ❷ The function of the Audit & Supervisory
Committee
❸ The function and operation of board
advisory bodies
❹ Management team evaluation, compensation, succession planning and training
❺ Dialog with shareholders ❻ Other
We analyze and release a summary of questionnaire results in a Corporate Governance Report.
Concrete Actions
Issues
      45
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
■1 Improvement of succession plans
■2 Procedures for nominating director and
■1 Continued study in FY2018
■2 Revised the Corporate Governance Policy (Art. 22) ■3 Sent new directors to cross-industry managers
dismissing officers
■3 Improvement of officer training
■4 Constructive dialog with shareholders
■5 Preparation and operation of the board of directors ■6 Risk management (business strategy)
■7 Design and operation of the officer
group, etc.
■4 Visited institutional investors and held dialog
compensation system
■8 Operation of board advisory bodies
with outside directors and institutional investors ■5 Reviewed the preparation schedule and improved advance briefings ■6 Identified risks and their handling
■7 Reviewed within a review of the stock compensation plan ■8 Explained the nature of discussions to the board
Basic Approach

                       Advisory Body Activities
       Director Nomination Committee
● Screens director and executive officer candidates
Representative Director/President
Director in charge of human resources
Met 3 times (4/2018-6/2019)
Topics of discussion
● Director, executive officer, and special audit & supervisory officer candidate selection policies & process
● Policy for selecting and dismissing officers based on a revision to the Corporate Governance Policy
● Successor training plan and status
Inside director Outside director
Director Compensation Committee
● Deliberates director and executive officer compensation
Representative Director/President
Director in charge of human resources
Met 4 times (4/2018-6/2019)
Topics of discussion
● Monthly compensation and bonuses for directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members
● Executive officer (incl. those who are also directors) base compensation, bonuses, and points for stock plan
        Questionnaire Topics Issues
  Corporate Governance System
                                 FY2019 (evaluation of the FY2018) * evaluated by third party (once every 3 years) Summary of evaluation outcomes released
    2019 Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan.
    Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)
Concrete Actions
Analyze & evaluate results (Apr.-May), release results (Jun.)
Implement improvements (July- )
Issues are now being addressed
      ❶ Board composition, functioning, and operation
❷ The function of the Audit & Supervisory Committee ❸ The function and operation of board advisory bodies ❹ Management team evaluation, compensation,
■1 Succession plans (incl. pooling of candidates and creating supplementary systems) and office nomination process
■2 The framework (skill set) for realizing the Management Philosophy and vision (directors and executive officers)
■3 Sharing the effectiveness evaluation results at board meetings, and Audit & Supervisory Committee recommendations to the board based on audit result
* The question of having outside directors chair the board and advisory bodies will be considered in future. Even with the president acting as chairman, issues were discussed freely and openly based on the outside directors’opinions.
succession planning and training ❺ Dialog with shareholders
❻ Other
* The questions below were added based on recent corporate
governance trends (institutional investor interest & public sector
documents).
a. Should the chairman of the board of directors and
advisory bodies be an independent outside director?
b. Are directors nominated based on megatrends and the direction in which the Company should aim?
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 46
Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Value Creation Infrastructure
  Stakeholder meeting
 Dialogue between outside directors and institutional investors
Outside Directors Talk Frankly
About Epson’s Corporate Governance
The previous evaluations of board of director effectiveness revealed that we need to engage with our shareholders better. Accordingly, starting in fiscal 2018, we are increasing the opportunities for dialogue with shareholders and doing more to incorporate their views and concerns into our business strategies.
As part of this, we held a stakeholder meeting in February 2019 as an opportunity for impartial and meaningful dialogue. At the meeting, five outside directors and fifteen institutional investors had a frank discussion about Epson’s corporate governance.
Outside directors answer investors’questions
 Q. How do the executive directors respond to your input?
● They take my ideas very seriously.
● They make a record of all our diverse ideas
and views and share it with the whole board.
● When we inspect business sites, they make an effort to resolve any questions or concerns we raise.
Q. How has the transition to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee changed things?
● Epson’s always been a diligent company, and at the time of the transition, it examined organizational arrangements meticulously. The impact is more in the directors themselves. They’re now more attuned to the need for good governance.
● It’s a plus for me. Now that I have voting rights as a member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee, I feel a weightier sense of responsibility in board meetings.
  47
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
   
   Q. What are the issues for Epson?
● They’rethreefold:howtodigitalize,howtomakebusinessmorecustomer-oriented,andhowtoshifttoaB2Bfocus.
● Epson often fails to capitalize on its unique technology. It needs a sense of urgency and better PR.
● Epson boasts a team of technical experts, but they often ignore the consumer’s perspective, believing that all you need is a good product. We have repeatedly warned the executives of this, and they have taken it on board.
● Epson’s a very diligent company, but by the same measure, it can be a bit inflexible and inward-looking.
● Epson’stechnologycanbeadouble-edgedsword.Thecompanyshouldplacemoreemphasisonopeninnovation.
● Epson can be proud of its technological prowess and diligent ethos. But nowadays, you need intangible services as well as tangible products. The executives seem to have gotten the message, but they need to go harder and faster.
   Q. Do the outside directors hold their own meetings?
● We didn’t immediately after the transition of institutional design, but we do now. We discuss Epson’s good points and bad, particularly the latter. We also hold meetings with the president and express our views to him.
Q. When you were in senior management,
did investors ever ask for dialogues such as this one?
● We’d sometimes meet with investors separately, over a meal for example. I never envisaged a collective meeting like this one. Times have changed, but for the better I think.
   Q. How long does it take for an outside director to understand the company enough to engage meaningfully in discussions? Many say that a long tenure undermines an outside director’s independence. What do you think?
● Long or short, what matters is how you interact with the company. If you’re unsure of something about the company, you can always ask. Epson is trying to eliminate the information gap between inside and outside directors. Undoubtedly, once you’ve served for a while, you’ll have a broader grasp of the company and be better able to discuss its issues. Long tenures don’t in themselves threaten your independence. If anything, it’s a director’s aptitude for the job, not the duration of his or her tenure, that can threaten independence.
Q. Why do you have one committee for director nominations and another for HR development?
● Epson has a large pool of director candidates consisting of general and section managers, so the HR development strategy committee, an advisory body to the president, is always reviewing this list. The Director Nomination Committee receives regular updates on these reviews and flags any issues. This cycle works well in my opinion.
     Feedback from
the participants
● Meeting with all the outside directors together offered a useful glimpse of how they hold discussions and what the atmosphere is like.
● I was very impressed at how each of the five outside directors explained things in their own words.
● The outside directors spoke candidly, which reassured me of the soundness of Epson’s governance.
● The points the outside directors raised resonate with me and other investors.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 48
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

           Bonuses
20%
Bonuses (variable)
Performance -Linked Stock Compensation (variable)
69%
Value Creation Infrastructure
Director Compensation
Seiko Epson director compensation consists of base compensation, bonuses, and stock compensation. The compensation system is variable, with bonuses linked to performance, and if a certain level of business profit is not attained, bonuses may not be paid at all. Non-executive officers receive base compensation only, a fixed amount, because their role is to supervise general management. They do not receive bonuses and stock compensation, which are forms of compensation that are linked to performance and share price.
Approximate Composition of Total Compensation in FY2018
Performance-Linked Stock Compensation
Base compensation is a monthly amount determined by accounting for factors such as position and responsibilities. For execu- tive officers it reflects annual performance evaluations based on criteria set according to role.
An annual bonus is paid to directors with executive duties. The amount depends on achievement against operating targets. Bonuses reflect annual performance evalua- tions based on criteria set according to role.
Executive officers are compensated with Seiko Epson shares under a trust scheme. The number of shares issued is dependent on the level of achievement with respect to medium-term financial performance targets, such as ROS and ROE.
(Millions of yen)
 4%
(FY2018 results)
11%
  Total Compensation
Variable
compensation Composition
 FY2018 Compensation
Fixed compensation
65%
 Base compensation
 Category
 No. of individuals paid
 Fixed compensation
 Variable compensation
 Total
 Base compensation
 Bonuses
 Stock compensation
 Directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members (outside directors)
 8 (2)
 232 (28)
 13 (-)
 71 (-)
 38 (-)
 356 (28)
 Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members (outside directors)
 5 (3)
 81 (48)
    81 (48)
 Total
 13
 314
 13
 71
 38
 437
         49
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Base compensation (fixed and variable)
* The base compensation for Directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (excluding outside directors) consists of fixed compensa- tion and variable compensation. Variable compensation refers to monetary compensation that reflects the results of annual performance evaluations based on criteria set according to their respective roles.
* The Company has introduced an officer stock ownership plan to link compensation more closely to shareholders’value. A portion of the base compen- sation is discretionally allotted for the acquisition of the Company’s shares. Epson has established the criteria for shareholding by its officers based on internal regulations defined by the board to demonstrate its commitment to and responsibilities for business operations to all shareholders.
* Upon the resolution at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 28, 2016, the maximum base compensation was set to at 62 million yen per month for directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members (outside directors account for 10 million yen of this amount) and at 20 million yen per month for directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members.
* The amount above includes 71 million yen in bonuses to be paid to five directors (excludes outside directors and directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members), as resolved at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2019.
* Seiko Epson introduced a performance-linked stock compensation plan by employing a framework referred to as the officer compensation BIP (Board Incentive Plan) trust to show its commitment to promoting sustainable growth and increasing long-term corporate value, in addition to strengthening the sense of sharing common interests with shareholders The stock compensation stated above represents the amount recorded for the current fiscal year based on Japanese Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (JGAAP).
* The number of individuals above includes one director who was an Audit & Supervisory Committee member who retired at the conclusion of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 27, 2018 and one director who was not an Audit & Supervisory Committee member who retired on September 30, 2018.
* Stock options are not granted.

     Performance-Linked Stock Compensation
Seiko Epson introduced a transparent and fair stock compensation plan that is tied to performance to more clearly show how director compensation is tied to Seiko Epson’s share price, to heighten directors’ sense of shared interest with shareholders, and to show a commitment to increasing long-term corporate value.
The plan is designed such that the rate of stock compensation versus base compensation ranges between 10% and 22% depending on position, while the number of shares issued depends on achievement with respect to financial indicators (e.g., mid-term business profit, ROS, and ROE targets) over a 3-year period.
Performance-Based Coefficient Formula
Performance-based coefficient = {(business profit coefficient) + (ROS coefficient) + (ROE coefficient) + (cash flows from operating activities coefficient) + (qualitative evaluation coefficient x 2)} ÷ 6
  Determination Table (FY2016‒FY2018)
Quantitative evaluation Average over
Cumulative over the three years from FY2016 to FY2018
Operating CF
¥350billion or more ¥340billion or more ¥330billion or more ¥320billion or more
L e s s t h a n ¥3 2 0 b i l l i o n
Qualitative evaluation*1
At end of FY2018
Far above expectations Above expectations Met expectations Below expectations Far below expectations
Performance -based coefficient
1.10X 1.05X 1.00X 0.95X 0.90X
  At end of FY2018
the three years from FY2016 to FY2018
ROE
12% or more 11% or more 10% or more
9% or more Less than 9%
  Business profit
¥116 billion or more
¥106 billion or more
¥96 billion or more
¥86 billion or more
Less than ¥86 billion
ROS
10% or more 9% or more 8% or more 7% or more
Less than 7%
                    *1 Qualitative evaluation items and method
The Director Compensation Committee qualitatively evaluates performance based on progress against Phase 2 financial targets and the effects of currency volatility, etc.
Performance-based coefficient = {0.90 + 0.90 + 0.95 + 0.90 + ((0.90) x 2)} ÷ 6 ≒ 0.908
We aimed for a performance-based coefficient of ≥ 1.00X, but the calculated coefficient was approximately 0.908X.
The performance-based coefficient was set at the lower limit (0.90X), since all items were below expectations in the quantitative evaluation and there were no particular reasons in the qualitative evaluation to add points.
We are continuing the stock compensation plan but have expanded the range of the coefficient from 0.80X to 1.20X.
  FY2019‒2021
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 50
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Value Creation Infrastructure
Message from the CCO (Chief Compliance Officer)
 Working on Compliance with the Spirit of Fair Play
Director, Managing Executive Officer and CCO
General Administrative Manager, Management Control Division
Tatsuaki Seki
Epson aims to be a company that is indispensable to society. This means we must take compliance seriously. We don’t just need to comply with legal requirements and standards. We also need to meet the broader expectations of society. Fair play must be the cornerstone of our efforts to deliver Epson brand value at an even higher level and to protect our company and employees. Our president, Minoru Usui, has made this clear, saying“no compliance, no profit.”
Epson’s efforts to ensure effective compliance at a global level are twofold. First, it has appointed regional CCOs (R-CCOs). Different regions of the world have their own languages, cultural norms, and ways of thinking. The role of the R-CCOs is to lead the compliance efforts of local
R-CCO Meeting
sales companies in a way that comports with the region in question. The R-CCOs meet biannually to discuss compliance issues and solutions.
Second, Epson runs the Global Compliance Program. This program presents a vision of compliance management and provides stepwise measures for achieving it. In fiscal 2018, we introduced the program in our Japanese and overseas subsidiaries, checked progress, and undertook corrective measures. We will continue these efforts in fiscal 2019.
Looking forward, we will continue to identify compliance-related risks and opportunities with a view to raising the level of compliance.
  51
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

   Compliance
Compliance Organization
In June 2016, shareholders approved Seiko Epson’s transition to a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee. The Compliance Committee composition and the role of the chief compliance officer (CCO) were revised accordingly.
Under the current organization, the Compliance Committee, which advises the board and is chaired by a Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee member, discusses compliance activities, reports and proposes compliance affairs to the board, and supervises business affairs. The CCO supervises and monitors the execution of all compliance operations and periodically reports the state of compliance affairs to the Compliance Committee. In addition, a compliance control department monitors compliance in general, making corrections and adjustments as needed.
Promoting Compliance
To instill internal compliance awareness, Epson provides online courses, training, and more on a regular basis to both executive officers and employees, in keeping with the Epson Group Global Code of Conduct. We invite outside experts to give instruction in compliance training courses for executive management. We also provide online compliance courses and compliance training by internal instructors for all employees. At our affiliates outside Japan, our efforts include providing compliance training that reflects local conditions.
October is“Compliance Month”at Epson, a period during which we raise compliance awareness throughout the global Epson Group based on our Management Philosophy and Principles of Corporate Behavior. This helps employees recall the importance of compliance to the realization of the Management Philosophy.
  Basic Approach
Epson’s goal is to continuously create value that exceeds customer expectations while building trust with all stakeholders based on the company’s Management Philosophy. To maintain and strengthen this trust, Epson seeks to increase management transparency and fairness, ensure effective management through faster decision-making, and maintain compliance with the help of monitoring and supervision.
Compliance System Diagram
 Report & opinions Instructions & inquiries
 Board of Directors
    Compliance Committee Chair: Full-time member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
    Report
Reporting Systems
Moni & supe
Report
Report Instructions
Independent monitoring
tor rvise
Epson is committed to maintaining effective reporting systems and has installed internal and external compliance hotlines and other advisory and support services to facilitate the reporting of potential compliance issues. We have also provided reporting channels for use by our business partners, to quickly catch any potential compliance problems that could go undetected internally. The identity of whistleblowers is rigorously protected and reprisals of any type are strictly forbidden.
Counseling and Support Services in Japan
President
 CCO
Corporate Strategy Council (deliberative body)
   Internal audit department
Compliance control department
 Audit & Supervisory Committee
   Executive officer
 Executive organization (Divisions, operations divisions, Epson Group companies)
  ● Epson Helplines
● Harassment counseling ● Counseling related to
overwork and long working
hours
● Counseling for persons with
disabilities
● Insider trading advisory service
● Antitrust (antimonopo- ly) advisory service
● Corruption (bribery) regulations advisory service
● Employee counseling ● Reporting contact for
business partners
Whistleblowing systems have been installed in all Epson Group companies worldwide. The use of these systems is monitored, and usage data are reported to a corporate management body and to Group companies in an effort to increase system effectiveness.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 52
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Value Creation Infrastructure
 Risk Management
Epson’s Risk Management Organization
Seiko Epson’s board of directors has approved an internal control system policy pursuant to the Companies Act.
The policy specifies the following organization for managing risks based on the Epson Group Risk Management Basic Regulation.
Risk Management Organization Chart
 Board of Directors
   1 President
Corporate Strategy Council
   Report
Management of serious risks in the Epson Group
Group-wide management of serious risks (horizontal/functional)
Group-business management of serious risks (vertical/operations)
Monitoring
    4 Risk management department
    3 (Head Office organization) Head Office supervisory
departments
 2 Operations division A
2 Operations division B
2 Operations division C
    Epson Group sales & manufacturing companies
          1 The Chief Risk Management Officer in the Epson Group is the president of Seiko Epson.
2 The heads of divisions own responsibility for managing risks in their respective businesses and subsidiaries.
3 The heads of Seiko Epson Head Office organizations own responsibility for managing risks in their areas of operations, both in their
respective businesses and across companies in the Epson Group.
4 The Seiko Epson risk management department monitors overall risk management in the Epson Group, makes corrections and
adjustments thereto, and ensures the efficacy of risk management programs.
Actions to Control Serious Risks
Epson treats serious risks that could have serious consequences on the company as follows:
(1) We identify risks that could have serious adverse effects
on Epson Group management. These serious Group-wide risks are owned by the appropriate departments in the Seiko Epson Head Office. These departments draft and execute a control plan, monitor the progress of the plan, and evaluate the effectiveness of the control activities.
(2) We identify risks that could have serious adverse effects
on business operations. These serious business risks are
owned by the chief operating officer of the relevant
business. Personnel draft and execute a control plan, Control
monitor the progress of the plan, and evaluate the plan execution
(3) The handling of serious Group-wide risks and serious business risks is reported to and discussed by the Corporate Strategy Council on a quarterly and half-yearly basis, and we strive to ensure the effectiveness of control plans by revising them as needed. The president of Seiko Epson reports important risk management affairs to the board of directors every quarter.
Risk Management Cycle
    effectiveness of the control activities under the supervision (DO) of the COO.
Risk assessment (CHECK)
Control plan creation (PLAN)
Identification of serious risks (ANALYZE)
 53
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Crisis Management
Epson has a standing Crisis Management Committee. The committee is chaired by the president. The general administrative manager in charge of risk management serves as vice-chair. The rest of the committee is made up of the
general managers of supervisory departments at the Head Office. An organization and a predetermined crisis management program are in place to enable us to rapidly mount a Group-wide response in the event of a crisis.

 List of Main Risks
Note: The content of the list was excerpted from“Risks related to Epson’s business operations”in Epson’s Annual Report. Please see the Annual Report for additional details.
Epson’s Annual Report 2019
https://global.epson.com/IR/library/
  Main risks
 General description of risk
 Main countermeasures
  Parts procurement risks from certain suppliers
 ● A supplier parts shortage or quality problem with supplier parts could interfere with Epson’s manufacturing and selling activities.
  ● Procure parts and materials from multiple suppliers whenever possible.
● Work with suppliers to maintain or improve quality and reduce costs to ensure stable and efficient procurement.
  Intellectual property rights risks
● An objection might be raised to, or an application to invalidate might be filed with respect to, an intellectual property right of Epson, and as a result, that right might be recognized as invalid.
● A third party to whom we originally had not granted a license could come to possess a license as a result of a merger with or acquisition by another party, potentially causing us to lose the competitive advantage conferred by that intellectual property.
● New restrictions could be imposed on an Epson business as a result of a buyout or a merger with a third party, and we could be forced to spend money to find a solution to those restrictions.
 ● Independently develop technologies we need; acquire patent, trademark, and other IP rights for them; and license the rights for products and technologies.
● Strengthen our intellectual property portfolio by placing personnel in key positions to manage our IP.
  Environmental risks
 ● An environmental problem could arise that would require us to pay damages and/ or fines, bear costs for cleanup, or halt production.
● New regulations could be enacted that would require major expenditures.
  ● Take environmental action in line with a mid- range action plan and“Environmental Vision 2050,”a statement of our long-term goals for reducing our environmental impacts. Drive programs to develop and manufacture low- impact products, reduce energy use, recover and recycle end-of-life products, ensure compliance with international substance regulations, and improve environmental management systems.
  Hiring and personnel retention risks
  ● We may be unable to hire and retain talented personnel to develop advanced new technologies and manufacture advanced new products.
  ● Secure talent by providing role-based compensation and actively promoting good people internationally.
  Risks from natural or other disasters
● Our operating results could be adversely affected by any number of unpredictable events, including but not limited to natural disasters, pandemics involving new strains of influenza virus, infection by computer viruses, leaks or theft of customer data, reputational damage on social media, failures of mission- critical internal IT systems, cyber attacks, supply chain disruptions, and acts of terrorism or war.
 ● Conduct disaster drills, prepare earthquake disaster management and response plans, and establish business continuity plans to mitigate the effects of disasters to the extent possible.
● Insure against losses arising from earthquakes. (However, the scope of indemnification is limited.)
  Legal, regulatory, licensing and similar risks
  ● Epson conducts business worldwide and could incur reputational damage, higher costs, or other negative consequences such as large civil fines and constraints on its activities if it were to violate international law, be investigated by authorities, or be subjected to stricter laws or regulations.
  ● Ensure compliance by building a robust compliance framework in each country and business and through internal awareness campaigns.
● Treat compliance as a high management priority, and develop measures to prevent and control potential issues as appropriate.
    Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 54
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Value Creation Infrastructure
Director Profile (Current as of June 26, 2019)
   Minoru Usui
President and Representative Director
Career Profile
11/1979 Joined Shinshu Seiki Co., Ltd. (now Seiko Epson Corporation)
4/1997 Appointed General Manager, IJ Development & Design Department, Imaging & Information Products Operations Division
4/2002 Appointed Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Imaging & Information Products Operations Division
6/2002 Appointed Director
11/2004 Appointed Deputy General Administrative
Manager, Corporate Research & Development
Division
11/2005 Appointed General Administrative Manager,
Production Engineering & Development Division
7/2007 Appointed General Administrative Manager, Corporate Research & Development Division
10/2007 Appointed Managing Director
6/2008 Appointed President and Representative Director
(current position)
Yasunori Ogawa
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products & Industrial
Solutions Operations Segment/General Administra- tive Manager, Technology Development Division
Career Profile
4/1988 Joined Seiko Epson Corporation 4/2008 Appointed General Manager,
VI Business Management Department 10/2008 Appointed General Manager,
VI Planning & Design Department 4/2017 Appointed Chief Operating Officer,
Visual Products Operations Division
6/2017 Appointed Executive Officer
6/2018 Appointed Director, Executive Officer
10/2018 Appointed General Administrative Manager, Technology Development Division (current position)
6/2019 Appointed Director, Managing Executive Officer (current position)
Appointed Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products & Industrial Solutions Operations Segment (current position)
Koichi Kubota
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer, Printing Solutions Operations Division
Career Profile
4/1983 Joined Epson Corporation (now Seiko Epson Corporation) 11/1999 Appointed General Manager,
Branded Products Marketing & Sales Department 7/2008 Appointed Chief Operating Officer,
Visual Instruments Operations Division 6/2010 Appointed Executive Officer
10/2011 Appointed Chief Operating Officer, Visual Products Operations Division
6/2012 Appointed Director
6/2013 Appointed Chief Operating Officer,
Printer Operations Division
6/2015 Appointed Managing Director
4/2016 Appointed Deputy General Administrative
Manager, Corporate Planning Division
6/2016 Appointed Director, Managing Executive Officer 4/2017 Appointed Chief Operating Officer, Printing
Solutions Operations Division (current position) 6/2017 Appointed Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
10/2018 Appointed Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (current position)
Masayuki Kawana
Director, Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Human
Resources Division/CSR Management Office Chairman, Epson Sales Corporation
Career Profile
4/1988 Joined Seiko Epson Cooperative Union
3/1999 Joined Seiko Epson Corporation 10/2008 Appointed General Manager,
Human Resources Department 6/2014 Appointed Director
Appointed General Administrative Manager,
Human Resources Division (current position) 6/2015 Appointed President, Orient Watch Co., Ltd. 6/2016 Appointed Director, Executive Officer (current
position)
10/2016 Appointed General Administrative Manager,
CSR Management Office (current position) 6/2018 Appointed Chairman,
Epson Sales Japan Corporation(current position)
Tatsuaki Seki
Director, Managing Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Management
Control Division
Career Profile
4/1983 Joined Epson Corporation (now Seiko Epson Corporation)
11/2005 Appointed General Manager,
BS Business Management Support Department
10/2014 Appointed General Manager,
Financial & General Accounting Department
10/2015 Appointed Deputy General Administrative Manager, Management Control Division
6/2016 Appointed Director, Executive Officer Appointed Chief Compliance Officer (current position)
Appointed General Administrative Manager, Management Control Division (current position)
6/2019 Appointed Director, Managing Executive Officer (current position)
Toshiya Takahata New Director, Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Corporate Planning Division/DX Division
Career Profile
4/1986 Joined Seiko Epson Corporation
4/2012 Appointed Deputy Chief Operating Officer,
Printer Operations Division
4/2014 Appointed General Manager, BIJ Planning &
Design Project
6/2014 Appointed Executive Officer
4/2015 Appointed Deputy General Administrative
Manager, Intellectual Property Division 6/2015 Appointed General Administrative Manager,
Intellectual Property Division 6/2016 Appointed Executive Officer
10/2018 Appointed General Administrative Manager, Corporate Planning Division (current position)
4/2019 Appointed General Administrative Manager, DX Division (current position)
6/2019 Appointed Director, Executive Officer (current position)
                 55
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
 
        Hideaki Omiya Outside Outside Director
Career Profile
4/2007 Appointed Director and Senior Executive Vice President, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
4/2008 Appointed President,
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
4/2013 Appointed Chairman, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
6/2014 Appointed Outside Director,
Seiko Epson Corporation (current position)
6/2016 Appointed Outside Director, Mitsubishi Corporation
6/2018 Appointed Outside Director,
Nomura Research Institute, Ltd. (current position)
4/2019 Appointed Director, Senior Executive Adviser, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
6/2019 Appointed Senior Executive Adviser, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. (current position)
Mari Matsunaga Outside Outside Director
Career Profile
4/1977 Joined Japan Recruit Center Co., Ltd. (now Recruit Holdings Co., Ltd.)
7/1986 Appointed Editor in chief of Shushoku Journal, Recruit Holdings Co., Ltd.
7/1988 Appointed Editor in chief of Travaille, Recruit Holdings Co., Ltd.
7/1997 Joined NTT Mobile Communications Network, Inc. (now NTT DoCoMo, Inc.)
Appointed Head of Planning Office for Gateway
Business Dept.
4/2000 Appointed Representative, Mari Matsunaga Office 6/2012 Appointed Outside Director, MS&AD Insurance
Group Holdings, Inc. (current position) Appointed Independent Director, Terumo Corporation
6/2014 Appointed External Director, ROHTO Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current position)
6/2016 Appointed Outside Director,
Seiko Epson Corporation (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
Taro Shigemoto
Director,
Full-Time Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Career Profile
4/1985 Joined Suwa Seikosha Co., Ltd. (now Seiko Epson Corporation)
2/2014 Appointed Chairman and President, Epson Engineering (Shenzhen) Ltd.
6/2016 Appointed Special Audit & Supervisory Officer, General Administrative Manager,
Audit & Supervisory Committee Office 6/2018 Appointed Director, Full-Time Audit &
Supervisory Committee Member (current position)
Independent Director
Independent Director
              Director Michihiro Nara Outside
Outside Director,
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Career Profile
4/1974 Registered as an attorney-at-law
4/2006 Appointed Vice President, Japan Federation of
Bar Associations
Appointed Chairman, Daiichi Tokyo Bar Association
3/2011 Member of Legislative Council of the Ministry of Justice
6/2013 Appointed Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Seiko Epson Corporation
6/2014 Appointed Outside Director of the Board,
Oji Holdings Corporation (current position)
6/2015 Appointed Independent Auditor, CHORI CO., LTD.
Appointed Outside Director, NIHON TOKUSHU
TORYO CO., LTD. (current position)
6/2016 Appointed Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory
Committee Member, Seiko Epson Corporation (current position)
Appointed Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, CHORI CO., LTD.
Director Chikami Tsubaki Outside
Outside Director,
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Career Profile
4/1970 Joined EBARA-Infilco Co., Ltd. (now EBARA CORPORATION)
5/1975 Joined Asahi & Co. (now KPMG AZSA LLC) 3/1979 Registered as Certified Public Accountant 7/1999 Appointed Managing Director,
Asahi & Co. (now KPMG AZSA LLC) 7/2004 Appointed Chief Executive, The Japanese
Institute of Certified Public Accountants 6/2013 Appointed Outside Audit & Supervisory Board
Member, NKSJ Holdings, Inc. (now Sompo
Holdings, Inc.)
6/2014 Appointed Statutory Auditor,
HEIWA REAL ESTATE CO., LTD. (current position) 6/2016 Appointed Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory
Committee Member,
Seiko Epson Corporation (current position)
Yoshio Shirai
Outside Director,
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Career Profile
Outside
Independent Director
Independent
Independent
      6/2001 Appointed Member of the Board of Directors, TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION
6/2003 Appointed Managing Officer, TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION
6/2005 Appointed Senior Executive Member of the Board of Directors,
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION
6/2007 Appointed Executive Vice President, Member of
the Board, Hino Motors, Ltd.
6/2008 Appointed President, Member of the Board,
Hino Motors, Ltd.
6/2013 Appointed Councilor, Hino Motors, Ltd.
Appointed Vice Chairman, Toyota Tsusho Corporation 6/2015 Appointed Advisor, Toyota Tsusho Corporation 6/2016 Appointed Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory
Committee Member, Seiko Epson Corporation
(current position)
6/2017 Appointed Advisor, Hino Motors, Ltd.
Appointed Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, Fujikura Ltd.(current position)
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 56
  Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

            Value Creation Infrastructure
          57
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
   Motonori
Okumura
Managing Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
Message from Top Management
Climate change and global warming are greatly impacting society and are a serious problem for Epson too. To find a solution, Epson is working proactively to improve the environmental performance of our products and lower emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) in the value chain. This is in keeping with Environmental Vision 2050 (a statement of what we hope to be in 2050) and the Epson 25 Corporate Vision Environmental Statement (a path to the year 2025 as an intermediate step). Epson’s efficient, compact, and precision technologies are the heart of this effort. In September 2018, we established long-term science-based targets for reducing GHG emissions. These targets were reviewed and approved by the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi). The global tide is moving toward decarbonization and a circular economy. Epson is responding by using more renewable energy and creating prod- ucts and services that can contribute to our customers’own efforts. This is how we use constant innovation to fulfill our responsibilities as a manufacturer.
 Climate-Related Issues: Risks and Opportunities
The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) released its final report in June 2017. The TCFD encourages businesses to publicly disclose their medium- to long-term risks and opportunities related to climate change as financial information. Epson takes this as a call to develop resilient management and corporate health, able to adapt to all sorts of transitions in the face of climate change with impacts of a scope and scale we cannot predict.
The following table outlines Epson’s climate risks and opportunities as based on our understanding of the TCFD’s final report. This outline is the basis for our infor- mation disclosure.
Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
Category Description
Contribute to the expansion of business opportu- nities and to global sustainability through open innovation.
Expand sales opportunities by quickly complying Opportunity with product regulatory and eco label require-
ments with low-carbon products and services.
Enhance the company’s reputation and secure human resources by ambitiously responding to climate change and through appropriate informa- tion disclosures and communications.
Loss of sales opportunities due to delays in com- plying with product energy-efficiency regulations and eco label requirements.
Transition Increased operating costs resulting from penal- risk ties imposed against energy consumption and
        Physical risk
greenhouse gas emissions.
Reputational damage if information disclosures and communications do not satisfy societal expectations.
Impact on operations due to increasingly severe weather changes caused by climate change (disruption of factory operations or supply chains).

      How Epson is Working for a Sustainable Society
Epson was founded in 1942 in a natural setting, in Suwa, Japan.Harmonious co-existence is our cornerstone. Even as we expanded globally, our culture of respect for the environment never wavered. In 1988 Epson became the world’s first enterprise to announce it would eliminate ozone-depleting chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) from its operations. Past and present, Epson has always set high goals for its environmental initiatives. We revised Environmental Vision 2050 in 2018 in line with our aim of making Epson an indispensable company that is committed to sustainability, as stated in the Management Philosophy.
We remain engaged with the problems faced by our customers and communities as we work for a sustainable society, starting with meeting the SDGs by 2030. Through our business, we will keep creating uniquely Epson environmental value.
    Environmental Vision 2050
Epson's vision is to become an indispensable company that uses its efficient, compact and precision technologies to achieve sustainability in a circular economy.
Actions
● Reduce the environmental impacts of our manufacturing processes, products and services.
● Advance the frontiers of industry and establish recycling systems through open and unique innovation.
● Contribute to international environmental initiatives.
    Epson 25 Corporate Vision Environmental Statement
Contribute to the development of a sustainable society by leveraging efficient, compact and precision technologies to reduce the environmental impact of products and services across their life cycles.
   Established Environmental Vision 2050
Second Environmental Benchmark Year Established General Environmental Action Plan
Environmental Benchmark Year CFC-free Declaration
Established Group Environmental Policy
Global Environmental Concern
Global warming
Water and soil pollution
Depletion of resources
Revised Environmental Vision 2050
Climate change
Paris Agreement Renewable energy Decarbonization
Epson’s SDGs from an environmental perspective
(as of June 2019)
Corporate value
ESG investing Value chain TCFD
    Resources & waste
Water resources Circular economy Marine plastics
   Approach Leading up to 2050
  To achieve the environmental vision by 2050, we have been setting milestone targets while working to bridge the gap needed to reach them. We seek to leverage our original efficient, compact and precision technologies to reach these milestones and reduce environmental impacts across the value chain, including through our business activities and improved product environmental performance. By offering products and services that enable new business processes, we aim to provide outstanding customer value in both economic and environmental terms.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 58
Societal demand
Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Value Creation Infrastructure
 Reducing the Environmental Impact of Business Activities
Material Balance (FY2018)
Epson consumes resources and, in the process of conducting business activities across the life cycles of its products and services, emits GHGs and other emissions to the air, land, and water. We are working to assess the environmental impacts of our business activities across the value chain in an effort to reduce our impacts. Although our water usage rose slightly over the previous year, we largely met our targets in FY2018. We will continue to provide energy- and resource-efficient products in our quest to achieve our business profit-based scope 3 emissions reduction target, which assumes growth and is linked to Epson 25 management indicators.
 Epson’s Business Activities
Targets and Achievements*3
   Input
Output
GHG emissions -15%
Water usage +0.3%
Waste emissions -1.4%
PRTR substance emissions
-43%
VOC emissions -8.8%
Scope 3
Per unit of business profit*1
+6.5%
Reduction of scopes 1, 2 Target: -19% by FY2025 compared to BM value (BM: 592 thousand t-CO2e)
Reduction of usage
Target: BM value or less
3 (BM: 8,324 thousand m )
Reduction of emissions Target: BM value or less (BM: 34.4 thousand t)
Reduction of emissions Target: BM value or less (BM: 5.7 t)
Reduction of emissions Target: BM value or less (BM: 184 t)
Reduction of per unit of business profit
Target: -44% by FY2025 compared to BM value (BM: 3.4)
  Products shipped 184,000 t
    Fuel
29%
Ground water
9%
Scope 1
25%
7,455
thousand m3
Waste emissions
34.0
thousand t
  Energy
1,183,769
MWh
GHG emissions
502,084
t-CO2e
Water discharge
Electric power
71%
Municipal water
91%
Renewable energy
137,405
MWh
Recycled water
1,548
thousand m3
Scope 2
75%
  Water
8,351
thousand m3
Raw materials
218
thousand t
Rivers
40%
Waste
11%
Sewerage
60%
Recycled
89%
   Products collected 21,000 t Transportation 6%
Capital goods 8%
Activities through value chain
Other 8% Scope 3
GHG emissions
PRTR substance emissions 3.3 t VOC emissions 168 t
Per unit of business profit*1 3.6
Environmental contribution*2 8,909 t-CO2e
3,263
thousand t-CO2e
 Procurement of raw materials
35%
Use of products
43%
  *1 Scope 3 (categories 1 and 11) GHG emissions per unit of business profit (unit: thousand t-CO2e/100 million yen)
*2 Estimate of GHG emissions avoided by third parties: The emissions avoided by replacing laser printers with Epson inkjet printers are calculated based on electricity
use (flow base approach). This is different from the actual reduction amount.
*3 Actual reductions and targets against FY2017 results are used as benchmarks. Figures in parentheses are benchmark values.
   59
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Third-Party Verification Report
We have the Japan Quality Assurance Organization (JQA) conduct a third-party verification of our calculations of GHG emissions to ensure their reliability. Our FY2018 GHG emissions (scopes 1, 2, and 3) and energy use data were verified as having been measured and calculated accurately, and a GHG verification report was obtained. (Scope 3 includes Categories 1 and 11.)

 Increasing Use of Renewable Energy
Epson has an SBTi-approved target of reducing scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 19% by 2025. In FY2018, we achieved a 15% reduction in GHG emissions since the base year FY2017 through site energy-saving initiatives. Some 70% of the reduction, or about 63,000 tons, came from long-term contracts to purchase low-carbon electric- ity, primarily hydroelectric power in Japan. This boosted our percentage of renewable energy to about 12%. Outside Japan, we already use renewable energy for the electricity used in production sites in the United Kingdom and the United States (Portland) and head office buildings of sales companies in Europe (Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands). Besides those, a new factory in Thai- land features a large array of solar panels and is prepar- ing to start operating them.
Epson will keep using the best power for each region and taking steps like production innovation to lower GHG emissions.
Use of Renewable Energy Globally
Reducing Waste Ink
Epson Engineering (Shenzhen) Ltd., a printer production site in China, previously treated all waste ink from its printing inspection processes as industrial waste. The amount of waste and the high cost of treating it had become a challenge. The factory undertook to reduce waste ink by implementing a combined waste ink con- centration system and microbial processor, a solution that was already in use in an Indonesian factory. As a result, about half the waste was restored to quality good enough it could be sent to the sewer and the other half could be recycled as concentrated liquid and sludge. That reduced waste ink by 481 tons per year and low- ered yearly processing costs by about ¥30 million.
In addition, waste ink remaining after printing inspection is collected in a tank and gets a quality check (for foreign matter, viscosity, etc.), sent through filters, and reused.
   Liquid waste reduction (yearly)
 Monetary value of benefit (yearly)
  Ink concentration
 481 t
 ¥29,990,000
 Reuse
 56 t
 ¥17,750,000
   ■ Solar power system ■ Use of solar heat China
■ Solar power system
■ Use of geothermal & solar heat ■ Low-carbon electricity
Japan
   ■ Solar power system
■ Low-carbon electricity Philippines, Thailand, Singapore
■ Low-carbon electricity
U.S.
   ■ Solar power system
■ Low-carbon electricity U.K., Germany, Italy, Spain, Netherlands
 ■ Low-carbon electricity
Australia
* Onsite equipment, power purchase agreement, and/or certificate purchasing
1
2 3
Building Biopores
A hole is dug and a special pipe (10 cm wide, 100 cm long) is inserted. It has many holes on its sides to allow water to pass.
IEI pours organic waste (such as kitchen waste or fallen leaves) into the pipe.
IEI checks biopore effectiveness. (soil enrichment, etc.)
   Preserving Water Resources and Reducing Organic Waste
Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia, is struggling with land subsidence cause by flooding in the rainy season and groundwater shortages when it is dry. P.T. Indonesia Epson Industry (IEI), a large-scale printer production site, has introduced biopores, holes in the ground where rain can infiltrate. This solution has gained a lot of attention as something even households can do. In FY2018, IEI put biopores in 260 spots on its premises. These allow about 8,400 liters of rain to go into the ground every year. They also help prevent flooding and the pooling of water where mosquitoes breed. Additionally, fallen leaves and other organic waste can go into the biopores, which enabled IEI to reduce waste by 272 kg. The organic matter turns into compost, which enriches the soil.
IEI plans to continue installing biopores until it has them in 779 spots total, and to extend the initiative outside its premises.
IEI employee digs hole for a biopore; a biopore in the ground
      Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 60
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

        Respect Human Rights and Promote Diversity
 Employee surveys
 Response rate*1 Degree of satisfaction*2
96.7% / 92.2%
           Value Creation Infrastructure
  Message from Top Management
Epson is a vertically integrated global company that works to create value that exceeds the expectations of our customers. Doing that requires respect for basic human rights. It also demands that we develop global human resources who have a shared set of values and can make prompt and accu- rate decisions on the ground, a culture where our diverse personnel can live up to their potential, and better workplace environments. Through initiatives like these, Epson seeks to become a company indispensable to society as called for in our Management Philosophy.
Employee Surveys
Epson has conducted employee surveys since 2005 as we aim, as individuals and organizations, to foster a culture where we take the initiative, cooperate with each other, pursue challeng- ing objectives, and enjoy free and constructive communication. Survey results are reported to executive management, passed on as feedback to workplaces, and used to build stronger organizations and better workplace cultures.
*1 Survey is given to regular and employees after retirement age.
*2 Degree of satisfaction is defined as the percentage of respondents reporting
scores of 3 or higher out of five levels.
GIS/GES Target Trainees
 Masayuki
Kawana
Director
Executive Officer General Administrative Manager, Human Resources Division
Human Resources Development
Group Human Resources Development Policy
Epson develops its human resources in line with the Epson Group Human Resources Development Policy established in 1996, which designates talented people as a precious man- agement resource and asserts that it is people that connect, support, and nurture the Epson Group. We assist employees so that they can achieve their dreams of self-fulfillment.
We provide training so that our people understand their roles and what is expected of them as members of the Epson team. Training enables them to work and communi- cate effectively, solve problems and achieve goals, and experience personal and professional growth.
Human Resources Development Policy
https://global.epson.com/company/epson_way/principle/human_policy.html
Develop Global Human Resources
Epson runs a global business. Thus, it is critical to our management that we foster global human resources that can help us pursue the common goals of our business, each within the role of his or her Epson Group company.
The Global Incubation Seminar (GIS) is a training program in which we share Epson’s vision and values with up-and-coming leaders from Group companies around the world and empower them to put these into practice in their own organizations. We have held GIS every year since 1999, training more than 380 individuals so far. We continue holding the Global Executive Seminar (GES) for executive manage- ment and trainings for leaders supporting our global business.
GES
GIS
President Directors
Department Managers Senior Managers
Managers
     61
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019

    Better Workplace Environments for Employees
Health Management Initiatives
In 2019, METI and Nippon Kenko Kaigi
recognized Seiko Epson under the White
500 program, large enterprise category, for
the third consecutive year. Around the
world, we conduct initiatives to improve health and safety under the motto “Safety and health are the lifeblood of the company.” In Japan, we established Health Action 2020, a mid-range plan for monitoring and improving both employee health and corporate value. Initiatives focus on workplace health and on physical and mental health, which are the foundation of a healthy workplace. These initiatives include things such as work reforms and personnel policies designed to invigorate both individuals and organizations and build a stronger sense of unity, thereby boosting productivity.
Work Reform
Epson defines its work goals and work culture. Since FY2017, we have been comprehensively reforming the way we work through our WILL BE program. It sets targets for working hours in the medium term, among others. Objectives include preparing the work environment, raising labor productivity, making use of diverse personnel, and managing health.
Epson’s work goals and work culture
https://global.epson.com/SR/our_people/pdf/workplace_01.pdf
Diversity
Promoting Diversity
Epson’s true customers are end-users the world over. To enrich their lives, we have to understand them and meet their needs.
To achieve this, our own diversity is important. We believe that only with a diverse workforce of people who have respect for one another and who know and practice what is important can we create customer value. To deliver results that surprise and delight our customers, Epson promotes female managerial staff and foreign nationals, fostering a corporate culture that enables diverse personnel to display their abilities to the full.
Respecting Human Rights
Epson is serious about keeping all forms of discrimina- tion and unfair practices out of its operations around the world. This stance is reflected in our participation in the United Nations Global Compact. Also, the Group’s policies regarding human rights and labor standards articulate Epson’s strong convictions in areas including respect for human rights, elimination of harassment, eradication of all forms of discrimination, respect for local culture and customs, prohibition of child and forced labor, and maintenance of positive labor-man- agement relations. These attitudes are widely dissemi- nated and practiced throughout the Group.
The Policies regarding Human Rights and Labor Standards
https://global.epson.com/company/epson_way/principle/ human_rights.html
    Annual total working hours per employee
1,971hours FY2018 1,943hours
 FY2017 results
 results
  Number of female managers
 
FY2019 target
1,900hours
(as of March 20, 2019)
     20persons/2%* *3 Percentage of current managers
3
  Number of employees (as of June 1, 2018) with disabilities
Seiko Epson, domestic Group
295 persons /2.55%
 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 62
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

           Materiality
Materiality and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Epson comprehensively identified social responsibility topics by referencing ISO 26000 and other sources for guidance. We evaluated the topics from both a company perspective and a social perspective. Those of the highest priority were mapped in a materiality matrix “( Key CSR Theme Matrix”). In 2019, to coincide with the consideration and establishment of the Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan, we reorganized the 16 highest-priority CSR themes into six materialities. We analyzed these topics against the SDGs to select SDGs that align with our strategies.
Identifying Key CSR Themes
  Select areas
Direction of company management
● Management Philosophy
● Principles of Corporate
Behavior
● Corporate Vision Epson 25
● Mid-term Business Plan
● Environment Vision 2050
General social trends
● Global Japan
● White Paper Information
and Communications in Japan 2016
Electrical & Electronics Industry trends and societal demands
● RBA Code of Conduct
General societal demands
● GRI
● SASB
● ISO 26000
● SDGs
● SRI survey item
        Recognize social trends and company direction
Evaluate materiality from a company perspective
Evaluate materiality from a societal perspective
Determine validity of themes
Key CSR Themes
● Understand mid- and long-term trends and identified 466 potential key themes in select areas
● Epson’s CSR Executive Council and CSR Management Committee evalu- ate their materiality
● Outside board members and experts evaluate their materiality
● Epson’s CSR Management Committee determines the validity of the CSR
   themes and selects key themes
        Importance from Epson’s Perspective
Materiality
Advance the frontiers of industry
Achieve sustainability in a circular economy
Improve the quality of products and services
Strengthen supply chain management
Respect human rights and promote diversity
Strengthen governance
                  63
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Importance from a Societal Perspective
Principles of Corporate Behavior Management Philosophy

    Commitment to the SDGs
Epson is using its original efficient, compact, and precision technologies and initiatives as vehicles to drive innovations that will enrich the world and make it a better place. Our goals are the same as those of the sustainable development goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations.
Epson is creating new value by looking hard at solutions to social issues, understanding the expectations that society has of us, and then providing products and services that far exceed those expectations. We at Epson are committed to the development of sustainable societies through the four areas of innovation identified in the Epson 25 Corporate Vision.
Relationships with the SDGs
Minoru Usui
President
Seiko Epson Corporation
      To reach the goals stated in our Management Philosophy and be an indispensable company, it is important for Epson to identify the social issues most in need of a solution and address them through our business activities. Each year, we decide on action items and objectives to help us work concretely on key CSR themes we have identified as issues to address. We take those initiatives and publicly disclose the results of our efforts. We also examine how each initiative might contribute to the 17 SDGs and select those to which Epson can contribute.
Under the Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan, Epson is stepping up collaboration and open innova- tion. We therefore decided to add No. 17 to the SDGs we are working toward. Hence, we have taken on action items to help achieve the 14 SDGs shown below. (Note that this matrix was mapped out in June 2019 and is subject to change depending on future business developments.)
The SDGs that Epson can most directly help to achieve (as of June 2019)
                         Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 64
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

          Key CSR Themes and the 17 SDGs
As stated in its Management Philosophy, Epson seeks to become an indispensable company. We believe this is consistent with the realization of a sustainable society, which is the objective of the SDGs. We identified priority initiatives for addressing social issues in“Key CSR Themes,”a materiality matrix, and mapped these initiatives to the 169 targets within the 17 SDGs.
  Materiality
  Advance the frontiers of industry
Achieve sustainability in a circular economy
Respect human rights and promote diversity
Strengthen governance
Key CSR Themes
A selection of 16
of the most important items
Business operations aligned with global social trends
Creating new products and services with leading technology
Productivity improvement utilizing ICT
Products competitiveness
Strategic marketing
Contributing to the environment through products and services
Effective use of energy and resources
Consumer health and safety
Supply chain management
Respecting human rights
Diversity
Human resources development, hiring, and retention
Information security
Compliance
FY2019 Action Item Categories
For more information, see the following URL: https://global.epson.com/SR/csr_initiative/action_items.html
● Strengthen global operations under Head Office control
● Enhance public disclosures, including about SDGs and other non-financial information,
and strengthen dialogue
● Accelerate growth by engaging in ● Strengthen external sales businesses using collaboration and open innovation core devices, and actively encourage open
● Strengthen the solution selling business innovation
● Rapidly strengthen product lineups, ● Invest management resources in robotics to
including through collaboration accelerate its growth into a core business
● Continuously improve productivity to achieve high quality and high efficiency using sensing and automation technologies that are grounded on Epson’s unique manufacturing and IT infrastructures and brought about by the efficient, compact, and precision technologies
● Further improve sites to increase production competitiveness, including by completing construction of a new building at the Hirooka Office
● Strengthen the global sales strategy and management functions to build BtoB sales organizations
● Establish a reduction scenario for achieving a science-based target and implement concrete reduction measures
 ● SBTi approved target (FY2017 is the baseline year): Reduce scope 3 (categories 1 and 11) GHG emissions as a percentage of business profit by 44% by FY2025
● Disclose GHG data ● Calculate and disclose the contribution to the reduction by product ● Implement a field survey and improvement initiatives to reduce the GHG emissions of the supply chain
● Establish a reduction scenario for achieving a science-based target and implement concrete reduction measures
 ● SBTi approved target (FY2017 is the baseline year): Reduce scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 19% by FY2025
● Disclose GHG data
ESG
     Improve the quality of products and services
Climate change and global warming
Product quality and communications
● Visiting customers directly to gather and analyze information about their wants and needs, closely examining customer wants by analyzing customer inquiries, using the findings to shape future products and services, and improving quality and customer satisfaction
● Continue to combat counterfeiting globally and on Internet shopping sites to help reassure customers that they can buy genuine Epson brand products
● Further enhance the product safety training curriculum
   Strengthen supply chain management
● Ask key suppliers to observe the procurement guidelines
● Survey suppliers using questionnaires
● Implement supplier on-site verification and take corrective action ● Conduct conflict minerals surveys
● Establish supplier reporting channels (overseas)
  ● Check and address any issues concerning freely chosen employment of foreign workers ● Plan and start human rights due diligence related to labor suppliers
● Promote the advancement of women ● Promote the advancement of non-Japanese employees ● Promote the participation of the elderly ● Promote hiring of persons with disabilities by further introducing PaperLab A-8000 dry process office papermaking systems
● Continue building the talent management system
● Provide career support to young workers
● Continue implementing employee motivation surveys and 360-degree surveys
   ● Implement information security measures ● Strengthen product security
● Introduce a compliance program to operations divisions and divisions ● Start operating a global whistleblower system
● Implement education and training to instill compliance awareness
 65 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Epson confirmed that its initiatives support the achievement of the 14 SDGs to the right.
                               Environment Social Governance
 
 ● The figures in the table below indicate which of the 169 targets (1.1 to 17.19) under the SDGs Epson is addressing with its initiatives (as of June 2019).
  Epson Initiatives Mapped to the SDGs
      3.6 3.9
4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5
6.3 6.4 6.6
7.3 7.a
7.3 7.a
8.2 8.4
8.4
8.2 8.4
9.4 9.c
 9.4
11.6
12.2 12.4 12.5
12.4 12.5
13.2
15.1 15.4
17.16
17.16 17.17
  6.3
9.4
17.16
  7.3
9.4
17.16
      3.9
6.3 6.4 6.6
7.3
7.2 7.3
7.2 7.3
8.5 8.7 8.8
9.4
11.6
12.2 12.4 12.5
12.8
13.2
13.2
13.2
15.1 15.2 15.4 15.5
17.7
17.17
 12.4
17.17
  16.6 16.8
 12.4
     4.7
4.7
4.4 4.7
5.2
5.1 5.5
5.5
8.5 8.7 8.8
8.5
8.8
10.2 10.3
10.3
10.2
12.4 12.6
13.1
16.4 16.5
17.17
 10.2
12.a
16.4
16.4 16.5
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
                                                             Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 66

          Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights
  Revenue
1,089.6
Business Profit
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent Company/ROE
  ¥
billion
1,102.1 1,089.6
¥
70.4
billion
¥ 53.7billion ROE 10.2%
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
(%)
30
20
53.7
1,200 1,000 800 600 400 200
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) Sales of strategic products grew, but
revenue declined due to negative forex effects, trade friction, plummeting currencies and economic stagnation in some emerging countries, and insufficient results from growth initiatives.
Free Cash Flow
120 100 80 60 40 20
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) Business profit declined year on year in
FY2018. Although gross profit rose on an improved model mix and a change in the method of accounting for inventory devaluations had a one-time positive effect, business profit fell due mainly to an increase in administrative expenses as we continued to invest in future growth.
120 100 80 60 40 20
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) We recorded a decrease in foreign exchange
loss and a gain on sales of idle fixed assets. Moreover, our tax expenses decreased compared to last year, when there was a partial reversal of deferred tax assets accompanying U.S. tax reform.
As a result, ROE improved from last year to 10.2%.
Research and Development Expense
  1,086.3
1,092.4
112.5
1,024.8
101.2
Profit for the year attributable ROE to owners of the parent company
          84.9
65.8
74.7
70.4
           8.3 0000
45.7
48.3
41.8
9.5
10.1
10.2
10
            -5.7
■■ Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ■■ Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Capital Expenditure
¥
billion
82
billion
58.2
(Billions of yen)
Free Cash Flow
(Billions of yen) 108.8 100
50 0 -50 -100
113.0
-51.5
(Billions of yen)
79.4
75.3
82.0
96.8
84.2
80
60 40 20
0
60 50 40 30 20 10
0
58.2
¥
¥
billion
       76.9
69.4
47.8 53.1
52.7 50.3
 76.0
   61.4
          21.1
 -32.7
9.6
45.4
       -5.7
    -75.7 -74.6 -82.7
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) We continue capital spending as planned
to lay a foundation for long-term growth, but in FY2018, we invested mainly in new products and additional production capacity for core printer and projector products.
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) In addition to developing the next-generation
products, core technology, and key devices (printheads, microdisplays, etc.) that will drive future growth, we are working to strengthen manufacturing infrastructure and create new businesses.
      67
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Net cash provided by operating activities decreased year on year primarily due to increases in inventories and the payment of trade payables, while net cash used in investing activities increased mainly due to the acquisition of property, plant and equipment. As a result, free cash flow decreased year on year and was negative.
26.3

 Non-Financial Highlights
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions*1
502K t-CO2e
■■ Scope 1 (Japan) ■■ Scope 2 (Japan)
■■ Scope 1 (overseas) ■■ Scope 2 (overseas) Emissions intensity relative to business profit
Water Use
Total Employees & Overseas Employees as a % of the Total
    (K t-CO2e)
1,000 800 600 400 200
0.87
571
(K t-CO2e/100 million yen)
(K m3)
10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
(k of m3/100 million yen) (People) 12.0 11.1 11.9 12 100,000
(%)
74.6 74.6 80
0.79
592
0.8
73.5 69,878 67,605 72,420
8,351K m3 ■■ Use in Japan
Total employees
Overseas employees as a % of the total
76,647 74.6%
■■ Use overseas Emissions intensity relative to business profit
■■ Total employees
Overseas employees as a % of the total
 0.71
73.3
72.3
    0.55
557
0.64
544
0.6 502 0.4 0.2
7,577 7,717 7,906 8,324 8,351 10
80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
76,391 76,647
60 40 20
  7.5 9.1
8 6 4 2
           000000
    2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) In FY2018, all Epson sites drove energy-saving
initiatives to make progress toward our SBTi-validated target of reducing scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 19% compared to FY2017 by 2025.
This, along with the use of renewable energy, enabled us to achieve a 15% reduction.
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) All sites are working to conserve water.
However, the 8,351K m3 of water used in FY2018 was slightly more than in FY2017, leaving us short of our goal of reducing year-on-year water use.
Outside Officers as a %
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
The total number of employees rose slightly as we continued to strengthen our overseas manufacturing organizations and our sales organizations.
  Employees with Disabilities in the Epson Group in Japan*
o5
■■ Inside audit & supervisory board members
■■ Inside directors
■■ Outside audit & supervisory board members ■■ Outside directors
Analyst and Investor Meetings & Overseas IR Events
  2.55
23 f Total Officers*
Meetings 297
66
(%)
2.6 2.4 2.2 2.0 1.8 1.6 1.4
(People)
18 15 12
9
6
3
■■ Total meetings (Times)
%
Employees with disabilities (%)
Legally mandated quota (%)
people
times times
Overseas IR events (Times)
370 100
2.43
2.48
2.55 2.2
400 300 200 100
369
380
  15 2
3
339
80 60 40 20
0
Overseas IR events
  2.24
2.27
297
 *1 Combined total scope 1 (direct emissions from the use of fuels, etc.) and scope 2 (indirect emissions from purchased energy, etc.) emissions *2 The figures for each year are as of June 1 of the year in question. *3 The number of officers as of the end of June of each year
12 5
11 5
12 5
12 5
65
80
  57
71
66
     8
7
6
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Independent outside directors must comprise at least 1/3 of the board. They are responsible for management oversight, advice for enhancing operational efficiency, and monitoring of conflicts of interest.
02 0
7
7
   2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) We set a target of 2.5% in FY2020 and are
looking to expand employment opportunities.
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) Seiko Epson’s management team and IR
department meet and talk with analysts, institutional investors, and individual investors to deepen mutual understanding and build long-term relationships.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 68
  Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

         Consolidated Financial Highlights
 JGAAP (Consolidation)
      Statement of Income (Billions of yen)
            Net sales
Gross profit
Operating income (loss)
Ordinary income
Income (loss) before income taxes and minority interests Net income (loss)
Total assets
Shareholders’ equity*1 Interest-bearing liabilities*2
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Free cash flows
Research and development expense Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization Shareholders’equity ratio
ROE (net income (loss)/average shareholders’ equity at beginning and end of year)
ROA (Ordinary income/average total assets at beginning and end of year)
ROS (Ordinary income (loss)/net sales) Consolidated dividend payout ratio
FY2008
1,122.4 289.4 △ 1.5 5.3 △ 89.5 △ 111.3
917.3 302.6 351.2
44.2 △ 61.0 △ 16.7
82.0 55.6 78.4 33.0
△ 29.7
0.5
0.5 -
FY2009
985.3 259.4 18.2 13.8 △ 0.7 △ 19.7
870.0 281.2 311.6
FY2010
973.6 262.9 32.7 31.1 15.3 10.2
798.2 269.2 272.1
FY2011
877.9 248.8 24.6 27.0 15.6 5.0
740.7 246.4 239.8
26.6 △ 31.5 △ 4.8
52.1 38.9 37.6 33.3
2.0
3.5
3.1 99.2
26.22 1,377.60 26.00
44.24 0.84
313.9 175.6 178.1 210.3
79.08 108.98
75,303 19,765 55,538
FY2012
851.2 234.4 21.2 17.6 △ 3.4 △ 10.0
778.5 256.7 271.8
42.9 △ 39.5 3.4
49.9 43.1 39.3 33.0
△ 4.0
2.3
2.1 -
△ 56.41 1,435.20 20.00
- 0.64
266.6 200.3 175.2 209.1
83.11 107.14
68,761 18,234 50,527
                                Statement of Financial Position (Billions of yen)
                       Statement of Cash Flows (Billions of yen)
           56.5 43.2 13.3
68.8 25.9 47.3 32.3
△ 6.8
1.6
1.4 -
△ 99.34 1,407.92 10.00
- 1.03
345.0 217.6 212.9 209.8
92.85 131.15
77,936 22,602 55,334
32.3 23.6 8.7
54.3 31.8 41.1 33.7
3.7
3.7
3.2 39.0
51.25 1,347.71 20.00
25.99 0.99
367.5 199.2 189.5 217.3
85.72 113.12
74,551 20,704 53,847
      △
△
         Financial and Management Indicators (Billions of yen・%)
                                                          Per Share Data (Yen)
           Net income (loss) per share (EPS) Shareholders’equitypershare(BPS) 1,541.16
△ 566.92 26.00
- 0.86
368.7 236.6 262.1 255.0
100.53 143.48
72,326 24,190 48,136
            Cash dividends per share
Price Earnings Ratio (PER) Price Book-value Ratio (PBR)
Japan
The Americas Europe Asia/Oceania
Yen/U.S. dollars Yen/Euro
Total Domestic Overseas
 Index of Stock Price (Multiples)
                   Sales Breakdown by Region (Billions of yen) *3
                             Average Exchange Rate for the Period (Yen)
                  Number of Employees at Period End (Person)
                             69
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
*1 Shareholders’equity = total net assets - minority interests
*2 Lease obligations are included in interest-bearing liabilities.
*3 Sales (revenue) by region is based on the location of the customers.

  IFRS (Consolidation)
      FY2013
Revenue 1,008.4
FY2014
1,086.3 395.9 101.2 131.3 132.5 112.5
1,006.2 494.3 185.9
108.8
FY2015
1,092.4 397.6 84.9 94.0 91.5 45.7
941.3 467.8 141.7
113.0
FY2016
1,024.8 365.9 65.8 67.8 67.4 48.3
974.3 492.1 146.5
FY2017
1,102.1 400.8 74.7 65.0 62.6 41.8
1,033.3 512.7 166.5
FY2018
1,089.6 412.6 70.4 71.3 72.0 53.7
1,038.3 540.1 142.3
76.9 △82.7 △5.7
58.2 82.0 55.6 52.0
10.2
6.8
6.5 40.7 44.3
152.49 1,533.57 62.00
11.12 1.11
251.4 310.5 225.2 302.4
110.86 128.40
76,647 19,456 57,191
 Statement of Income (Billions of yen)
                     Gross profit
Business profit*4
Profit from operating activities
Profit before tax
Profit for the period attributable to owners of the parent company
Total assets
Equity attributable to owners of the parent company Interest-bearing liabilities
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Free cash flows
Research and development expense
Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization
Equity ratio attributable to owners of the parent company
ROE (Profit for the period attributable to owners of the parent company/Beginning and ending balance average equity attributable to owners of the parent company)
ROA (Business profit/Beginning and ending balance average total assets)
ROS (Business profit/revenue) Consolidated dividend payout ratio Consolidated dividend Payout Ratio (Based on Business Profit)*5
Basic earnings per share (EPS)
Equity attributable to owners of the parent company per share (BPS) Cash dividends per share
Price Earnings Ratio (PER) Price Book-value Ratio (PBR)
Japan
The Americas Europe Asia/Oceania
Yen/U.S. dollars Yen/Euro
Total Domestic Overseas
362.5 90.0 79.5 77.9 84.2
908.8 362.3 220.5
114.8 △ 41.2 73.6
48.8 37.8 40.7 39.9
27.7
10.4
8.9 10.6 14.2
235.35*6 1,012.83*6 50.00
6.82 1.58
280.9 260.2 218.4 248.8
100.23 134.37
73,171 18,372 54,799
△
32.7 76.0
47.8 45.4 44.4 49.1
26.3
10.6
9.3 18.3 29.0
△
51.5 61.4
53.1 69.4 45.3 49.7
9.5
8.7
7.8 46.9 36.1
96.8 75.7 21.1
52.7 75.3 43.2 50.5
10.1
6.9
6.4 43.9 45.9
136.82 1,397.40 60.00
17.13 1.68
251.3 290.9 211.9 270.5
108.38 118.79
72,420 19,175 53,245
84.2 74.6 9.6
50.3 79.4 49.4 49.6
8.3
7.4
6.8 52.2 41.7
118.78 1,455.67 62.00
15.92 1.30
250.1 320.4 233.2 298.2
110.85 129.66
76,391 19,436 56,955
                              Statement of Financial Position (Billions of yen)
                            Statement of Cash Flows (Billions of yen)
                    △
△
         Financial and Management Indicators (Billions of yen・%)
                                                                      Per Share Data (Yen)
             314.61*6 1,381.66*6 115.00
6.77 1.54
276.2 304.6 230.9 274.4
109.93 138.77
69,878 18,627 51,251
127.94 1,307.58 60.00*7
14.21 1.39
264.0 320.0 226.3 282.0
120.14 132.58
67,605 18,699 48,906
               Index of Stock Price (Multiples)
                     Revenue Breakdown by Region (Billions of yen)
                                   Average Exchange Rate for the Period (Yen)
                     Number of Employees at Period End (Person)
                                  *4 Business profit is calculated by subtracting Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses from Revenue.
*5 Calculated based on profit after an amount equivalent to the statutory effective tax rate is deducted from business profit.
*6 Basic earnings per share (EPS) and equity attributable to owners of the parent company per share (BPS) were calculated under the
assumption that the shares split took effect at the beginning of the year ended March 31, 2014.
*7 Seiko Epson Corporation (the“Company”) completed the Company’s ordinary shares split with an effective date of April 1, 2015. As a
result, each share of the Company’s ordinary shares was split into two shares.
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 70
 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

           Global Network
In 1968, Epson established its first production site outside Japan, in Singapore. Today, Epson has sales and marketing sites, service sites, as well as production and R&D sites around the globe to accurately identify, and swiftly and flexibly meet the needs of customers in different regions.
  Epson Europe B.V.
18 4 17 2 19
26 25 23
24
Epson (China) Co., Ltd.
  31 32
33
34
30 41
37
40
39
27 28
2235 29 36 205 21 38
42
3 66
667801 1
 43
44
49
71 73 74
68 7 8
9 10 69
Seiko Epson Corp. Head Office Japan
50
72
75 12 11 13 76
70
  45
51
53 54
52 60
78 79
62 14
55 48 56
57
58 59
Epson Singapore 15 Pte.Ltd. 61
63 16
64 17 18 4 19
2
20 65
77
 71
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Sales/ Service Subsidiaries and Affiliates
1 Japan
2 Epson America, Inc., San Jose Office
3 Epson America, Inc., Schaumburg Office
4 Epson America, Inc., Miami Office
5 K-Sun Corporation
6 Epson Canada Ltd.
7 Epson de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
8 Epson Guatemala, S.A.
9 Epson Costa Rica, S.A.
10 Epson Venezuela, S.R.L.
11 Epson Colombia Ltda.
12 Epsodecua Cia, Ltda.
13 Epson Peru S.A.
14 Epson Chile, S.A.
15 Epson Argentina S.R.L.
16 Epson do Brasil Industria e Comercio Ltda.
17 Epson (U.K.) Ltd.
18 Epson (U.K.) Ltd., Ireland Office
19 Epson Deutschland GmbH
20 Epson Deutschland GmbH, Switzerland Office
21 Epson Deutschland GmbH, Austria Office
22 Epson France S.A.S.
23 Epson Iberica, S.A.U.
24 Epson Iberica, S.A.U., Portugal Office
49 Epson India Pvt.
50 Epson India Pvt.
51 Epson India Pvt.
52 Epson India Pvt.
53 Epson India Pvt.
54 Epson India Pvt.
55 Epson India Pvt.
56 Epson India Pvt.
57 Epson India Pvt.
58 Epson India Pvt.
59 Epson India Pvt.
60 Epson India Pvt. Ltd., Bangladesh Office
61 Epson (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
62 Epson Philippines Corporation
63 Epson Vietnam Co., Ltd.
64 Epson Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
65 PT. Epson Indonesia
66 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Shenyang Office
67 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Jinan Office
68 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Nanjing Office
69 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Office
70 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Hangzhou Office
71 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Xian Office
72 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Wuhan Office
46
    31 33 34 32
  24
27
18
4
22
23
2
17 3519
37 29 36
20525 21 38 26
39
28
47
Europe
81
 25 For.Tex S.r.l.
26 Epson Italia S.p.A.
27 Epson Italia S.p.A., Istanbul Office (Turkey)
28 Epson Italia S.p.A., Athens Office (Greece)
29 Epson Europe Electronics GmbH
30 Epson CIS L.L.C.
31 Epson Europe B.V., Norway Office
32 Epson Europe B.V., Denmark Office
33 Epson Europe B.V., Sweden Office
34 Epson Europe B.V., Finland Office
35 Epson Europe B.V., Belgium Office
36 Epson Europe B.V., Czech Republic Office
37 Epson Europe B.V., Poland Office
38 Epson Europe B.V., Hungary Office
39 Epson Europe B.V., Romania Office
40 Epson Europe B.V., Kiev Office
41 Epson Europe B.V., Moscow Office
42 Epson Europe B.V., Kazakhstan Office
43 Epson Europe B.V., Israel Office
44 Epson Europe B.V., Saudi Arabia Office
45 Epson Europe B.V., Middle East Office
46 Epson Europe B.V., Kenya Office
47 Epson Europe B.V., South Africa Office
48 Epson India Pvt. Ltd.
Ltd., New Delhi Office Ltd., Jaipur Office
Ltd., Ahmedabad Office Ltd., Kolkata Office
Ltd., Mumbai Office
Ltd., Pune Office
Ltd., Secunderabad Office Ltd., Chennai Office
Ltd., Coimbatore Office Ltd., Cochin Office
Ltd., Sri Lanka Office

 82
51
54
52 60
53
55
48 56 57
58
59
15 61
China, India and the surrounding area
73 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Chengdu Office
74 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Chongqing Office
75 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Office
76 Epson (China) Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Office
77 Epson Hong Kong Ltd.
78 Epson Taiwan Technology & Trading Ltd.
79 TekCare Corporation
80 Epson Korea Co., Ltd.
81 Epson Australia Pty. Ltd.
82 Epson Australia Pty. Ltd., New Zealand Office
Regional Headquarters
1 Epson America, Inc.
2 Epson Europe B.V.
3 Epson (China) Co., Ltd.
4 Epson Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Branches
1 Seiko Epson Corporation, Korea Office
2 Seiko Epson Corporation, Hong Kong Office
R&D Subsidiaries and Affiliates
1 Japan
2 Epson America, Inc. (San Jose Development Center) 3 Epson Canada Ltd. (Development Center)
4 Epson Canada Ltd. (Vancouver Design Center)
Epson America, Inc.
4
2563 3
22 1
49
50 74 14
63
71
163
73 72
4
9
12
66
36 13
67 80 1
68 7 8 9 10 69
7
8
70
75 12 11
1376 7879
2 77
62 14
Manufacturing Subsidiaries and Affiliates
1 Japan
2 Epson Portland Inc.
3 Epson Paulista Ltda.
4 Epson Telford Ltd.
5 Fratelli Robustelli S.r.l.
6 Tianjin Epson Co., Ltd.
7 Epson Surface Engineering (Zhenjiang) Co., Ltd.
8 Shanghai Sanhuan Magnetics Co., Ltd.
9 Epson Wuxi Co., Ltd.
10 Epson Precision Suzhou Co., Ltd.
11 Orient Watch (Shenzhen) Ltd.
12 Epson Precision (Shenzhen) Ltd.
13 Epson Engineering (Shenzhen) Ltd.
14 Epson Precision (Philippines), Inc.
15 Epson Precision (Thailand) Ltd.
16 Epson Precision Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
17 Epson Precision (Johor) Sdn. Bhd.
18 Singapore Epson Industrial Pte. Ltd.
19 PT. Epson Batam
20 PT. Indonesia Epson Industry
10 11
15
Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
As of September 30, 2019
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 72

          Group Outline
  Company Name
Seiko Epson Corporation
Founded
May 18, 1942
Head Office
3-3-5 Owa, Suwa-shi, Nagano, Japan
Paid-in Capital
¥53,204 million
      Revenue (consolidated)
¥1,089.6 billion (FY2018)
  Number of employees
Epson Group 76,647 (consolidated):
12,713
(as of March 31, 2019)
Parent company:
 Group companies
85
(includes parent company) Japan: 17, Overseas: 68 (as of March 31, 2019)
Ranking by number of publications of unexamined patent applications in different product categories
 Sales revenue by region
Employees by region (consolidated)
Asia/ Oceania
27.8% Europe
20.7%
Japan
23.0% by region TheAmericas
(FY2018) 28.5%
Asia/ Oceania
66.9%
Sales/ Service
Employees
by region
(consolidated)
(as of March 31, 2019)
Japan
25.4% The Americas
4.5% Europe
3.2%
      Sales revenue
     Group company breakdown
Manufacturing/ R&D
Sales/ 6 Service Japan:
Manufacturing/ R&D
22
   Overseas:
  11 17 46 68
(as of March 31, 2019) (as of March 31, 2019)
   Japan
 Inkjet printers
1st
 Projectors
1st
 Robotics
2nd
Quartz crystal devices 2nd
  United States
 Inkjet printers
1st
 Projectors
1st
 Robotics
2nd
Quartz crystal devices 3rd
 The top 100 global patent application rankings (WIPO)
* These rankings are announced once every 10 years.
* 2018 ranking in number of patent applications laid open to the public (Epson research)
(January 1 to December 31, 2018)
Ranking in number of registered patents
   1983-1992
1993-2002
2003-2012
   16th
18th
7th
      73
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Japan
7th
United States
21st
 China*1
13th
* 2018 calendar year ranking in number of patents registered (Epson research)
*1 The China ranking is only for foreign companies for the 2018 calendar year.

 Shareholder and Share Information
 Shareholder’s Equity
Principal Shareholders
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Sanko Kigyo Kabushiki Kaisha
Yasuo Hattori
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Seiko Epson Corporation Employees’Shareholding Association
(as of March 31, 2019)
(as of March 31, 2019)
Distribution of Ownership among Shareholders
as of March 31, 2019
Japanese individuals and others*1
 Total number of shares authorized to be issued
  1,214,916,736
  Total number of shares issued
399,634,778
  Number of shareholders
  49,635
   28.53%
 Japanese financial institutions
   Shareholders
Number of shares held (thousand shares)
Shareholding ratio (%)
 55,075 20,000 11,932
Breakdown of ownership
37.07% Japanese
securities companies
5.31% Japanese
15.62 5.67 3.38 8,736 2.47
Other corporations
  Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
26,482
7.51
  Seiko Holdings Corporation
12,000
3.40
 Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. (security investment trust account)
8,795
2.49
Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. Retirement benefit trust (Mizuho Bank, Ltd. account)
8,153
2.31
7,274 2.06
13.98% Foreign institutions
and others
15.11%
*1 Including the treasury stock
FTSE4Good Index Series (June 2019) https://www.ftse.com/products/indices/FTSE4Good
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
4,876
1.38
 * Seiko Epson owns 47,233,041 treasury shares but has been excluded from the list of major shareholders. The shareholding ratio is calculated after deducting treasury shares. The shares (164,598) owned by the BIP Trust director compensation plan are not included in treasury shares.
* Shares held are rounded off to the nearest thousand.
* Yasuo Hattori passed away on March 15, 2019. His name appears on the list of major
shareholders because share transfer procedures had not been completed as of March 31, 2019.
Inclusion in Social Responsible Investment (SRI) and ESG Indexes
In 2019 Seiko Epson has again been selected as a constituent of the SRI indexes on the right, as well as to the FTSE Blossom Japan Index and the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN), which have been selected when the GPIF began ESG investing.
Monthly Share Price and Volume Trend
(yen) 3,000
2,500
2,000
1,500 1,000 500
Share price
Volume
(Thousand shares)
150,000 120,000 90,000 60,000 30,000
                        00 6 12 6 12 6 12 6 12 6 12 6 12 6 12 6 12 6 12 6 12 6 12 6
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
* A 2-for-1 split of the Company’s common shares was completed, effective April 1, 2015. * The share price chart has been split adjusted.
   Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 74
  Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data

  3-3-5 Owa, Suwa, Nagano 392-8502, Japan TEL: +81-266-52-3131 https://global.epson.com
Rev.03
