          Value Creation Infrastructure
     Improve the Quality of Products and Services
  Motonori
Okumura
Managing Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
Quality Policy
1. We will solve problems by directly observing all of our operations and processes.
2. We will quickly complete the Plan, Do, Check & Act (PDCA) cycle in all situations.
3. We will thoroughly analyze any failures, and establish procedures based on that analysis, so that mistakes are never repeated.
4. We will proactively consider our customers’ satisfaction so they will genuinely prefer purchasing Epson products and feel confident using them.
5. We will seize the opportunity presented by customer comments and complaints to inform our decisions when designing new products.
6. We will readily report even negative information.
7. We will foster a climate in which attention is paid to even the most commonplace events.
Message from Top Management
Customer satisfaction, enshrined in the Epson Management Philosophy, is the goal of every Epson employee. That means always offering customers around the world products and services that are safe, secure, user-friendly, surprising, and delightful. To achieve that, each Epson employee works con- stantly to enhance the quality of their work from a customer perspective.
To support them, Epson provides a foundation for continually creating high-quality products and services. In each business area, we establish mid-range quality improvement targets and measures for achieving them.
  Quality Assurance Program Organization
The president of Seiko Epson Corporation heads up our quality assurance program. A Quality Assurance Council, committees, and project teams solve shared issues and serious problems. In addition, we manage our quality assurance programs by periodically assessing and reviewing the state of quality and the progress of actions, reporting the results to the president, and formulating and implementing policies for further improvement.
Collaboration, instructions & reports
 Seiko Epson
 President
 General administrative manager in charge of quality assurance
 Head of quality assurance supervisory department
SEC quality assurance supervisory department
Instructions & reports
 Instructions & reports
  Assessments & reports
   Operations division
   Quality Assurance Council/ committees/project teams
Solve important common issues
Chief operating officer
Epson Group manufacturing companies
Epson Group sales companies
  President
President
   Head of quality assurance
 41 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
Manufacturing companies managed by the operations division
Head of quality assurance
Collaboration
Collaboration
Head of quality assurance
 Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy
We seek to achieve the goals of the Epson 25 Corporate Vision by raising the quality of work in all operations, demonstrating teamwork and collective strength, and providing products and services that exceed customer expectations.
  Vision
Earn strong trust from customers by taking innovative approaches to improving the quality of the overall product commercialization process and quickly achieving a level of quality that exceeds customer expectations.
Following our Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy, we draw up mid-range CS & quality targets for each business area and ways to achieve them. Using these, we make quality improvements to products and services over the long-term.
CS & Quality Vision (Creating Customer Value)
  Collect feedback
Create value
Create
Customer information/ resources
 Deliver
Products/ services
Deliver value
CustomersProduce
Customer value
  Incorporate the Voice of the Customer into Products
Market and work site information are extremely important for creating product value in the“create, produce, and deliver” cycle. We listen sincerely to customers who use our products‒their impressions of the product, the troubles they have. We then work with our departments to respond so that the next customer will be satisfied.
In 2013, we launched a product of a new type for Epson: a garment printer that prints on cotton fabric, such as T-shirts and tote bags. Its successor models came out in March 2018. Known as the SC-F2100 series, they offer greater work per- formance and efficiency in the workplace because they incorporate customer needs that came to light in the four and a half years since the first garment printer went on sale.
Share value
   “Garment loading is troublesome”
We devised a way to set garments in place with a quick-load grip pad instead of a metal hoop. This cut the loading time by about half (to about 15 seconds) and keeps garments and other fabrics from expanding.
“I need faster print speed”
The original product prioritized color expression. Print jobs began by printing two white layers to cover the color of the fabric and then printed color as the third layer. However, market survey results showed some customers wanted the productivity of faster printing while others prioritized color expression. To meet both needs, we developed a high-speed mode in which the first layer is printed in white and the second in color and white simultaneously. The high-speed mode increased print speed by 33% with little loss of color expression.
White undercoat printing process (sectional view)  Changes to the T-shirt setup procedure
Use a hoop to set
Garment Printers SC-F2100 Series
“There should be less waiting time”
Use a quick-load grip pad to set
        The SC-F2000 series was designed to automatically circulate white ink every day for up to 10 minutes to prevent particles contained in white ink from settling. Sometimes the circulation process began just when the customer wanted to print, so they had to wait. We analyzed the workflow and found there was a 20-second interval between printing jobs (to unload the printed garment and set the next one in). We created a program to break the circulation process down into steps that run only in the intervals so customers no longer need to wait to print.
A fabric preparation product is applied to the surface of dark fabric so that white ink will not penetrate the fabric. The product reacted with fabric dyes and made stains. People who bought garments sometimes returned them due to the stains. Other garment printer manufacturers all had the same problem. We addressed the problem by identifying a material that effectively minimizes the reaction with fabric dyes and mixing it with the fabric preparation product. We tested the new fabric preparation product on more than 150 types of fabric manufactured around the world under expected usage conditions and confirmed that stains became less conspicuous.
Color
White
White
Original printing mode
3rd layer
2nd layer White Color White
“Print jobs should be more attractive”
1st layer
White
High-speed printing mode
  Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 42