Value Creation Infrastructure
    Strengthen Governance
Initiatives to Enhance and Strengthen Corporate Governance
To achieve our goals, promote sustainable growth, and increase long-term corporate value, Seiko Epson continuously improves corporate governance to ensure transparent, fair, and fast decision-making, including by ensuring that independent outside directors comprise at least one-third of the board, and by establishing committees to nominate officers and determine compensation.
  2012 Elected an outside director
2016 ● Transitioned from a company with an audit & supervisory board to a company with an audit & supervisory committee
● Increased the number of outside directors
(The Director Compensation Committee and Director Nomination Committee are comprised mainly of outside directors)
● Introduced a performance-linked stock compensation plan 2018 Corporate Governance Policy revised
Established“Standard of Outside Officers’ Independence”
2013
2014 Increased outside directors
2015 Established a Corporate Governance Policy
Actions to Ensure Board Effectiveness
Seiko Epson seeks to continuously enhance the effectiveness of its board of directors pursuant to its Corporate Governance Policy. Toward this end, Seiko Epson has been analyzing and evaluating board effectiveness annually since FY2015 based on a self-evaluation survey that all board members are asked to complete.
Evaluation process
FY2017 FY2018 (evaluation of the FY2017) * evaluated by third party Summary of evaluation outcomes released     2018 Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug.
Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)     Analyze & evaluate results (Apr.-May), release results (Jun.)
Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec.
Implement improvements (July- )
The board further increases its effective- ness by addressing selected issues.
Response to issues
    All directors evaluate and comment on their own performance and on that of the board as a whole.
Questionnaire Topics
❶ Board composition, functioning, and operation ❷ The function of the Audit & Supervisory
Committee
❸ The function and operation of board
advisory bodies
❹ Management team evaluation, compensation, succession planning and training
❺ Dialog with shareholders ❻ Other
We analyze and release a summary of questionnaire results in a Corporate Governance Report.
Concrete Actions
Issues
      45
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019
■1 Improvement of succession plans
■2 Procedures for nominating director and
■1 Continued study in FY2018
■2 Revised the Corporate Governance Policy (Art. 22) ■3 Sent new directors to cross-industry managers
dismissing officers
■3 Improvement of officer training
■4 Constructive dialog with shareholders
■5 Preparation and operation of the board of directors ■6 Risk management (business strategy)
■7 Design and operation of the officer
group, etc.
■4 Visited institutional investors and held dialog
compensation system
■8 Operation of board advisory bodies
with outside directors and institutional investors ■5 Reviewed the preparation schedule and improved advance briefings ■6 Identified risks and their handling
■7 Reviewed within a review of the stock compensation plan ■8 Explained the nature of discussions to the board
Basic Approach
                       Advisory Body Activities     Director Nomination Committee
● Screens director and executive officer candidates
Representative Director/President
Director in charge of human resources
Met 3 times (4/2018-6/2019)
Topics of discussion
● Director, executive officer, and special audit & supervisory officer candidate selection policies & process
● Policy for selecting and dismissing officers based on a revision to the Corporate Governance Policy
● Successor training plan and status
Inside director Outside director
Director Compensation Committee
● Deliberates director and executive officer compensation
Representative Director/President
Director in charge of human resources
Met 4 times (4/2018-6/2019)
Topics of discussion
● Monthly compensation and bonuses for directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members
● Executive officer (incl. those who are also directors) base compensation, bonuses, and points for stock plan
      Questionnaire Topics IssuesCorporate Governance System
                              FY2019 (evaluation of the FY2018) * evaluated by third party (once every 3 years) Summary of evaluation outcomes released
    2019 Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan.
    Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)
Concrete Actions
Analyze & evaluate results (Apr.-May), release results (Jun.)
Implement improvements (July- )
Issues are now being addressed
      ❶ Board composition, functioning, and operation
❷ The function of the Audit & Supervisory Committee ❸ The function and operation of board advisory bodies ❹ Management team evaluation, compensation,
■1 Succession plans (incl. pooling of candidates and creating supplementary systems) and office nomination process
■2 The framework (skill set) for realizing the Management Philosophy and vision (directors and executive officers)
■3 Sharing the effectiveness evaluation results at board meetings, and Audit & Supervisory Committee recommendations to the board based on audit result
* The question of having outside directors chair the board and advisory bodies will be considered in future. Even with the president acting as chairman, issues were discussed freely and openly based on the outside directors’opinions.
succession planning and training ❺ Dialog with shareholders
❻ Other
* The questions below were added based on recent corporate
governance trends (institutional investor interest & public sector
documents).
a. Should the chairman of the board of directors and
advisory bodies be an independent outside director?
b. Are directors nominated based on megatrends and the direction in which the Company should aim?
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 46