Value Creation Strategy
     Microdevices
Supporting the Four Areas of Innovation
    Vision
Epson will provide traction for the development of smart communications, power, transportation and manufacturing solutions with advanced Epson quartz timing and sensing solutions and low-power semiconductor solutions.
  Nobuyuki Shimotome
Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer, Microdevices Operations Division
Value Creation
Provide traction for smart societies by contributing to 5G networks, self-driving cars, and other next-generation infrastruc- ture with extraordinarily accurate timing devices.
Use Epson’s low-power and control technologies to provide low-power solutions that reduce finished product power consumption.
Help to make products smaller by reducing device size.
      Quartz is an extremely frequency-stable material. Epson exploits this feature to expand a lineup of crystal devices that are used in consumer products such as smartphones, as well as in infrastructure and automotive applications that require exceptional accuracy and reliability. Epson also serves a wide range of industries by providing timing devices, such as crystal units, oscillators, and real-time clock modules, and sensing devices, such as gyro-sensors and inertial measurement units (IMUs).
We also develop and provide low-power LCD controllers, microcontrollers, application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs), LCD drivers, and other differentiated Epson semi- conductor products for use in industrial products and automotive equipment.    Phase 1 Review
Quartz business performance was hurt by a decline in mobile market demand. However, we recorded growth in sales of gyro-sensors and real-time clock modules for the automotive sector and in high-frequency oscillators for communications and networks. We also advanced the development of smaller devices for the mobile market.
The semiconductor business’results were in line with the Phase 1 plan thanks to an enhanced lineup of ICs for Epson products and a stable, balanced business portfolio.
Phase 1 Achievements
Quartz Business
Expanded and upgraded our lineup of gyro-sensors and timing devices for the automotive sector
Strengthened development of key components for crystal products used in communications and networks
Advanced key component development for small products
Semiconductor Business
Expanded and upgraded ICs for Epson finished products Advanced the development of high voltage and power devices
Achieved a well-balanced and stable business portfolio with internal sales, external sales, and a foundry business
     39 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019