
Paper-Based Communication
   Energy efficiency
Advance- ment of ICT
Business across borders
Long working hours
       conservation
environmental changes & issues
Solution
       Information leaks
Effective use of work spaces
Low environmental impact
  Diverse work arrange- ments
Facilitating Enriched
    Societal Issues & Needs
Print costs
approx. *1
Going to extremes in promoting paperless processes in order to reduce printing-related costs and environmental impacts can end up negatively affecting productivity. Paper-based information can help boost productivity by providing a fuller view of information that is easier to read and understand. These advantages underpin the demand for an office environment that allows people to print efficiently and without hesitation.
     Power consumption
Print speed 100*3
pages/minute
Epson’s water-free Dry Fiber Technology*4
Make new paper from used copy paper on the spot.
    1/10
th
approx. 1/8*2
  th
               High-capacity ink tank printer
A solution that combines inkjet printers and an office papermaking system
PaperLab A-8000 dry process office papermaking system
   High-speed
linehead inkjet multifunction printer
POINT
2 Build a paper
    POINT
1 Provide a far cheaper inkjet
printing environment that offers incomparably better environmental performance
recycling loop in the office
*1 Comparison of A4 sheet printing costs between an EW-M670FT high-capacity ink
            Enrich paper-based
 Value Proposition
Contribute to the conservation of forest and water resources through in-office paper recycling
Maintain information security by dissolving paper into fibers
communication at sharply lower cost and environmental impact
*2
*3
*4
tank printer and an Epson laser printer PowerconsumptionofaWF-C20590high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer. Comparison with the average per-page power consumption for the 10 top-selling A3 color MFPs in the over 45ppm class (Source for 2017 shipments: IDC’s Worldwide Quarterly Hardcopy Peripherals Tracker 2017 Q4). TEC values are based on registered information on energystar.gov/ as of February 2018. Per page power consumption is calculated based on TEC condition by Epson.
Print speed of a WF-C20590 high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer. A4, landscape, single-side printing. Print speeds are measured in accordance with ISO/IEC 24734. Actual print times will vary based on system configuration, software, and page complexity.
Some water is used to maintain humidity inside the system.            Epson Group Integrated Report 2019 8 