Value Creation Strategy
             Vision
Inkjet Innovation
Refine Micro Piezo technology, and expand into high-productivity segments. Improve environmental performance and create
a sustainable printing ecosystem.
   Koichi Kubota
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer, Printing Solutions Operations Division
Value Creation
Reduce costs, time, and trouble in printing, and create new possibilities for digital printing.
Mitigate environmental impacts and risks caused by the use of resources, electrici- ty, and chemicals in traditional printing.
Contribute to higher customer productiv- ity with high-speed, high-quality prints on a range of media of various sizes.
     The spread of information and communications technology (ICT) is
said to be driving us toward a paperless world, but that does not
mean that total print volume will decrease. While fewer books, news- papers, and magazines may be printed, there will always be a need
for printing in the office. That is because even though we are sharing
more digital information, the amount of information keeps growing. So,
even if the percentage of information printed decreases, total print volume will not markedly change. The value of paper as a convenient medium for presenting more information at a glance will not change.
Home and office printing is a ¥17 trillion global market, and laser printers handle the large majority of office print jobs. There is
room for huge growth in this market for Epson and our inkjet printers, which offer unique value, including productivity and envi- ronmental performance that surpass those of laser printers.
Commercial and industrial printing firms, seeing growing demand for short-run production, are migrating toward digital printers and away from 0 plate-based analog printing processes. The strengths of Epson’s inkjet technology can be effectively demonstrated especially in these segments,
so I think we can ride the digitization wave toward significant growth.
Home & Office (%) Printer Market Size
Color laser Monochrome laser Inkjet
Asia Japan Pacific
100approx. ¥17 trillion  North America
Western
ETD*1
South
America Europe
* 2017, per Epson research based on data from IDC and Photizo (including ink) * Width: market size (monetary value based)
*1 Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Africa    Phase 1 Review
We did not reach the company’s financial targets in Phase 1, but we made progress in a variety of areas. Among them were that we reinforced production capacity of PrecisionCore printheads and increased the efficiency of product development by platforming. We achieved substantial growth in sales of high-capacity ink tank printers. We also launched strategically important high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers. On the other hand, we were unable to displace laser printers to the extent hoped. We recognize that we needed to better advertise the benefits of inkjets and that we were late in providing functions and services that customers need.
The growth areas of commercial and industrial printing (signage, textiles, labels) continue to expand in step with population and economic growth. They are also increasingly going digital. We still need to accelerate our response, but we made steady prog- ress in developing new product families and will focus on their launch and sales.
Phase 1 Achievements
High-Capacity Ink Tank, Home & SOHO Printers
Captured growth while transitioning away from the cartridge business model, which depends on sales of inkjet and laser printer consumables
Expanded sales of high-capacity ink tank printers in emerging and developed markets
Shared Office Printers
Launched high-speed linehead inkjet MFPs
Strengthened sales organizations in Japan & Western Europe Captured customer needs from launched products
Commercial & Industrial Printers
Made progress in the development of platforms & products for future growth
Increased PrecisionCore printhead production capacity
      29 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019