Value Creation Strategy
           Vision
Visual Innovation
Refine original microdisplay and projection technologies, and create outstanding visual experiences and a natural visual communications environment for every aspect of business and lifestyles.
  Keijiro Naito
Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer,
Operations Division
Value Creation
Deliver amazing visual experiences and enrich communication through ubiqui- tous imaging.
Use high-quality images to enrich lives and enhance customer productivity.
Use realistic augmented reality (AR) to reduce environmental impacts associ- ated with travel and transport.
   The projector market is shrinking under pressure from growth in sales of large LCD monitors and other flat panel displays, yet the total display device market continues to grow. The amount of time people spend looking at images is rapidly increasing. Moreover, with the advance of globalization, individuals in remote locations are now communicating naturally with one another via video.
Communications that effectively use pictures, video, and other forms of visual information are, I think, only going to see more growth. Advances in technology are making it possible to render all kinds of images and provide memorable visual experiences.
We will respond to these changes by identifying customer needs and developing products that meet those needs.
Global Market Share*1 (Unit Volume)
Visual Products
   (%)
40 30 20 10
0
      2014 2015
2016 2017 2018
(FY)
* Source: Futuresource Consulting Ltd.
*1 Share among 500-lumen class projectors and higher    Phase 1 Review
We continued to expand our market share by launching strong products, such as high-brightness laser projec- tors, and strong services, and maintained our grip on the top share in the global market. We sought to create a new market by launching accent lighting pro- jectors for new spatial design applications. In smart glasses, we launched new products with silicon OLED screens but did not achieve substantial growth.
Projector Usage Example
Epson, serving as a projection partner, sponsors a magical show titled“teamLab Borderless”at the Mori Building Digital Art Museum.
Phase 1 Achievements
Projectors
Expanded share with strong products and services
Increased our market presence by launching high-brightness laser projectors Launched accent lighting projectors for the spatial design market
Smart Glasses
Launched new products equipped with silicon OLEDs
Smart Glasses Usage Example
Smart glasses were introduced for hearing-im- paired visitors to the National Theatre in London.
        33
Epson Group Integrated Report 2019