Value Creation Strategy
           Vision
Wearables Innovation
Leverage our watchmaking heritage, refine leading technology, and offer a sense of status and fashion.
   Junichi Watanabe
Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products Operations Division
Value Creation
State-of-the-art wearable and device technologies provide functionality and convenience.
Products of meticulous accuracy, beauty, and craftsmanship
     Watches are a ¥7 trillion global market that we expect to steadily grow as the world’s population increases and as people in emerging regions become more affluent. We therefore believe there is ample room for sales growth.
Yet, each watch wearer is unique, and each see value differently, so growth in this market hinges on the ability to meet widely divergent tastes.
Epson designs and manufactures a variety of movements, from mechanical to quartz to Spring Drive. Our competitiveness comes largely from our ultra-precision processing technologies, especially for analog watches, and the development capabilities that enable us to continue to provide compelling products.
By taking maximum advantage of these technological capabili- ties and by continuing to satisfy customers and provide indis- pensable value, we will further increase brand value and contin- ue growth in the watch market.
Watch Market Size
(millions of watches)
1,500
1,000 500 0
Market value of approx. ¥7 trillion
                 2014 2015
Analog quartz
2018 (FY) Digital quartz Mechanical
2016 2017
* Source of quantity data: statistics of the Japanese Clock & Watch Association * Value: Epson research    Phase 1 Review
Total wearables sales fell short of the Phase 1 plan, in part because demand from visitors to Japan cooled.
In original brand products, we focused on the high value added analog segment where we capitalized on our unique technology. We also launched Trume, an original brand.
In the Seiko business, sales of new GPS models grew while luxury Spring Drive watches are steadily growing. Movement sales fell short of the plan due in part to sluggish market demand. Under the Phase 2 plan, we will focus more closely on our core competencies and strengthen areas that promise sustained growth.
Phase 1 Achievements
Watches
Focused resources on the high value added analog watch segment where we capitalized on our unique technology
Launched Trume as an Epson original watch brand
    35 Epson Group Integrated Report 2019