    By your side, for life
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
    Annual Report
2019
Integrated Report
 
  Group Mission
Editorial Policy
CONTENTS
Introduction
3 Highlights
5 Group Mission 7 Our History
9 Our Strength
Chapter 1
Management Strategies
11 Message from the President 23 Value Creation Process
25 Feature:
Improvement of Quality of Life
25 Health Promotion: Initiatives Geared towards Prevention 27 Protection: Expansion of Business into Mekong Region 29 Securing of Regional and Social Sustainability:
ESG Investments
31 Progress in Fiscal 2018–2020
Medium-term Management Plan
33 Summary of Business
33 Domestic Life Insurance Business 37 Overseas Life Insurance Business 41 Asset Management Business
45 Value Creation Initiatives
45 Fostering Innovation
47 Capital Policies and ERM
49 Risk Management / Compliance 50 Diversity and Inclusion
53 Climate Change Initiatives
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance
59 Interview with an Outside Director 62 Corporate Governance Structure 69 Leadership
Chapter 3
Data Section
74 Recognition from Society / Participation in External Initiatives
75 Financial and Non-Financial Historical Data 77 Financial Analysis
81 Corporate and Financial Data
“By your side, for life”
We contribute to local communities by passing on peace of mind through providing life insurance and related services.
Coverage of This Report
■ Period covered: April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019 (including some activities on and after April 1, 2019)
■ Organizations covered: Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates
Positioning of This Report
In order to provide understanding of the Dai-ichi Life Group by all stakeholders, material information in this report is summarized. Please visit our website for further details.
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com
Corporate Information
(Corporate Governance/ Internal Control/Compliance)
BOOK
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Annual Report (Integrated Report)
   Principles By your side, for life
Mission
      Sustainability Information
(Society/Environment/ Employees)
Reference
IR Information
(Strategy/Earnings Information)
   A secure future for every community we serve.   Vision Using the best of our local and global capabilities.
      Dai-ichi's Social Responsibility Charter (DSR Charter)
People First
Values
• Customer satisfaction
• Communication
• Compliance
• Respect for human rights • Diversity and inclusion
• Social contribution
• Environmental protection
• Creating sustainable corporate value • Promoting health
Brand Message
■ International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) “International Integrated Reporting Framework”
■ Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) “Sustainability Reporting Standards”
■ Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation”
Page Structure based on Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation
This publication organizes information systematically and comprehensively to help in dialogue with shareholders and investors. The framework of the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation is also used to show the Dai-ichi Life Group’s mechanisms for value creation as a story while connecting the respective information appropriately.
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements contained herein that relate to the future operating performance of the Company are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include – but are not limited to – words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “strategy,” “expect,” “forecast,” “predict,” “possibility” and similar words that describe future operating activities, business performance, events or conditions. Forward-looking statements are based on judgments made by the Company’s management based on information that is currently available to it and are subject to significant assumptions. As such, these forward- looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual business results may vary substantially from the forecasts expressed or implied in forward-looking statements. Consequently, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to revise forward-looking statements in light of new information, future events or other findings.
      1 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 2
 
  Highlights
   Financial
Financial and Revenue Base
Top-Line Indicators
Annualized Net Premium from Policies In force
Profit Indicators
Non-Financial
Human Resources
Number of Female Managers/ Percentage of Female Managers
Number of Employees with Disabilities
      3,955.8
(Billions of yen)
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
Net Income Attributable to Shareholders of Parent Company / Group Adjusted Profit*
906 / 25.6% (People)
955
billion yen
3,396.2
225.0billion yen / 236.3billion yen
Net Income Attributable to
Number of Female Managers
Percentage of Female Managers
(%)
3,633.4
3,671.1
400 1,500 30
1,200
3,955.8
Shareholders of Parent Company (Billions of yen) Group Adjusted Profit
(People)
      3,217.0
363.9 243.2
24.2 873
25.2 908
25.6 906
966
End of fiscal
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Note: Total of the Company, Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Life Challenged, Dai-ichi Life Business Services, and Dai-ichi Life Information Systems. Figures as of the end of each fiscal year are represented by figures from April 1 of the following fiscal year.
U.S.A.
No. of policies in force
8.60 million Australia
No. of customers
4.50 million
Assessment on Stewardship Activities
of Dai-ichi Life
A+
PRI is a global standard for responsible investment set forth by the United Nations. Dai-ichi Life was given the highest rank of A+ by PRI in an assessment on stewardship activities in fiscal 2018.
    300 200 100
22.5 808
23.3 836
900
600
300
913
926
953
955
          214.7
178.5 204.6 Fiscal 2015
231.2
210.1
225.0
236.3
1,000 500
20 10
               142.4
     00000
    End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Corporate Value Indicators
Group European Embedded Value (EEV)
Fiscal 2014
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Note: Total for the Company, including three domestic life insurance companies. Figures as of the end of the fiscal year are represented by figures from April 1 of the following fiscal year.
Strong Brand
Japan
No. of policies in force of three Group insurance companies
End of fiscal
End of fiscal
End of fiscal
End of fiscal
 5,936.5
(Billions of yen) 8,000
4,000     60 48.5 57.6 20
2,000 30 10
000
40
6,000 5,987.6 5,495.4 6,094.1 5,936.5 90 30 30 97.4 94.6 30
Total Shareholder Payout** / Total Payout Ratio***
 billion yen
94.6
(Billions of yen) 120
billion yen
/40
Share Repurchases Cash Dividends Total Payout Ratio
(%) 40
%
 40
 35 4,646.1 73.7
Dai-ichi Life
Vietnam
No. of policies in force
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Neo First Life
    15.46
million
                  End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal End of fiscal
Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018 (E) Rating Information****
910 thousand
Inclusion in the ESG Indices
2014 2015 2016 2017 Financial Soundness Indicators Economic Solvency Ratio
Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Capital Efficiency Indicators
2018
 169 % 869.7 %
Rating and Investment Information (R&I)
Japan Credit Rating Agency
Dai-ichi life Holdings has been highly evaluated by ESG rating organizations internationally, and we are incorporated into the following ESG indices (as of 2019 August).
  AA- Insurance claims paying ability
AA- Ability to pay insurance claims
    10.2 %
Standard & Poor’s (S&P)
Fitch Ratings (Fitch)
 ROEV (Average Since Demutualization)
A+ Insurer financial strength rating
A+
Insurer financial strength rating
  * An indicator of the Company representing the source for shareholder returns.
** The upper limit of the Company’s stock repurchase amount of 28.0 billion yen is included in the 94.6 billion yen for fiscal 2018, as resolved at the May 15, 2019 Board of
Directors meeting.
*** Total payout ratio was based on consolidated adjusted net income until fiscal 2015, and Group adjusted profit from fiscal 2016.
**** Rating for Dai-ichi Life (as of July 31, 2019). The ratings represent the opinions of the rating agencies, and do not guarantee the payment of insurance benefits, etc. The ratings
may change at the discretion of the rating agencies.
3 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 4
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

    Our office building at the time of our founding (Shinemon-cho, Nihombashi, Tokyo)
  Since 1902
By your side, for life – the origin of our founding philosophy
At the end of the Meiji era, with many insurance companies in Japan merely pursuing profits and as the true value in life insurance was not understood, the trust in the industry was yet to be established.
With a spirit of innovation, Tsuneta Yano, our founder, established Dai-ichi Life as the first mutual company in Japan.
By bringing about high policyholder dividends by setting optimal insurance premiums and rigorous cost reductions, life insurance which, at the time, was seen as a pure loss unless you die, gradually came to be recognized as a useful way of building assets, building public trust in the life insurance industry.
Just a start-up company at the time, Dai-ichi Life was a pioneer in gaining customers’ trust through pursuit of what’s best and through life insurance business we contributed to more secure livelihood for the population, which was a social issue at the time.
2019
A secure future for every community we serve.
Using the best of our local and global capabilities.
It is 117 years since the founding of Dai-ichi Life. Today Dai-ichi Life Group is a global insurance group with three companies in Japan, seven companies in seven countries overseas, and two asset management companies, one in Japan and one overseas.
Our founder’s pursuit of what’s best and innovation spirit as the driving forces behind the Group mission, By your side, for life, will lead our Group’s 70,000 employees globally.
A secure future for every community we serve, using the best of our local and global capabilities. The Dai-ichi Life Group will continue to meet the diverse needs of people in all countries and regions around the world where we serve, in addition to contributing to solving social issues.
   Executives and employees at the time of our founding
Group Mission
“By your side, for life,”
the Philosophy We Embrace
        5 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 2019 6
Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

  Our History
 A History of Solving Social Issues for Over a Century
The history of the Dai-ichi Life Group is a history of helping to solve social issues through the life insurance business and related services.
Since our founding, we have grown in a tandem with the development of Japan while solving social issues by offering peace of mind that matches the needs of people in each era.
In line with our mission, “By your side, for life,” all Group companies will continue to take on the challenge of solving social issues in Japan and overseas by providing new value in step with changes in the times.
Fiscal 2018 15.46 million policies
2016 Transition to a holding company
2010 Demutualization
                                                              1902 Established
Dai-ichi Life's in-force policies (From 2007 the total of the three domestic life insurance companies)
     Japan’s per capita GDP* (line graph)
(bar graph)
 1902 1910 1920 1930 1940 1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 2018
1900s
Livelihood security becomes a
social need when social infrastructure is underdeveloped
• Supporting asset building with savings-type products • Contributing to the eradication of tuberculosis
• Provided insurance with outstanding savings features across Japan amid expansion in business, providing support for the population’s asset building
• Established Hoseikai with the goal of preventing and treating tuberculosis, which was the biggest cause of death in Japan at the time
1950s
Urgent need to restore independence and develop infrastructure in a post-war reconstruction era
• With income growth, promoting protection-type products to support family well-being
• Contributing to public health by addressing cardiovascular diseases and cancer treatment
• Contributing to post-war reconstruction through investment and lending
• Contributed to the stability of post-war household finances by providing protection-type products for emergencies
• Established the Public Health Award, honoring the efforts of groups and individuals who make outstanding contributions in the field of public health and hygiene
• Supported infrastructure development and corporate growth to underpin post-war reconstruction through investment and lending
1990s
Aging society and diversifying protection needs
• In addition to death coverage, addressing the needs of an aging society by providing insurance policies for healthcare, nursing care.
• Contributed to forming diverse life plans through proposals and follow-up based on the unique Total Life Plan concept
• Enhanced the added value of the Total Life Plan through a bold alliance strategy (alliances with non-life and cancer insurers, etc.)
“Spirit of Innovation”
– Challenge to Change with agility
The history of the Dai-ichi Life Group is also a history of constantly taking on the challenge of innovation. Starting with the bold move to establish Dai-ichi Life as Japan’s first mutual company, and our demutualization in 2010 and subsequent transition to a holding company structure, we have demonstrated innovation in step with the times.
Today, we continue rising tirelessly to the challenge of innovation, beginning in 2007 when we started to develop our domestic multi-brand strategy in anticipation of diversifying customer needs and also as the first Japanese life insurance company to expand overseas.
2000s
Emergence of new customer needs and
social issues due to the diversification of values and advances in science and technology
• Contributing to improving people’s quality of life by providing diverse products and services leveraging advances in science and technology
           JUST
Product to support asset transfer
Medical insurance
Health promotion app
    “Pursue What’s Best” – Serve Customers with Integrity
Based on the customer-first commitment set out by our founder, Tsuneta
Yano, Dai-ichi Life Group has constantly aimed for business management that achieves its growth by facing and resolving the issues of customers and society. This conviction remains unchanged till now and will not change in the future as the Group’s business operations are expanding globally.
The founder, Tsuneta Yano
* Maddison Project Database, version 2018. Bolt, Jutta, Robert Inklaar, Herman de Jong and Jan Luiten van Zanden (2018), “Rebasing ‘Maddison’: new income comparisons and the shape of long-run economic development”, Maddison Project Working paper 10. For the references to the original research on individual countries, see Appendix A of Bolt et al. (2018).
Ceremony for demutualization and listing on the stock exchange (2010)
• Developed a product strategy and services that encourage improving the quality of life, including health promotion through the three domestic brands, and established a system for delivering products and services through optimal channels
• Expanded business partnerships anticipating changes in customer and social needs and pursued new value leveraging advances in science and technology
       7 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 8
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Our Strength
Business Foundation to Support Growth
By diversifying and expanding our business for the past 10 years while leveraging such Group strengths as diverse human resources, know-how, well-known brands, and the sound financial base cultivated since our founding, we have built a solid business foundation on a global scale.
 Solid Business Base
Domestic Life Insurance Business
 Market share
Bancassurance channel market share
Third-sector
product market share
No. 2
No. 1
No. 3
Based on new business annualized net premium
Based on single-premium income
Based on new business annualized net premium
   Overseas Life Insurance Business
U.S.A. acquisitions
Australian market share
Vietnamese market share
57 acquisitions (Protective)
No. 1
No. 1(among foreign-affiliated life insurance companies in Vietnam)
 (TAL)
 (Dai-ichi Life Vietnam)
Total assets under management
Over 10 trillion yen each in the U.S. and European markets (Janus Henderson)
Asset Management Business
 No. 2
in Japan and Asia region
Total assets
under management*
* Pensions & investments and the Company’s estimates
(Asset Management One)
        Europe
Japan
       Dai-ichi Frontier Life Neo First Life
     EUROPE
ASIA
NORTH AMERICA
 U.S.A.
 PACIFIC India
Japan
Australia
    Talent and know-how
 Group employees
70,000 in 8 countries
 Participants in global exchange program
2,800* employees
* Total for the past five years
(as of March 31, 2019)
 Number of sales employees (Japan)
44,265
Advanced operational and
IT know-how to drive innovation
Well-known brands established over a long history
Since 1902 Since 1907 Since 1869
    Thailand
Vietnam Cambodia
Indonesia
                 India
Thailand
Cambodia
Australia
Indonesia
Vietnam
       The Dai-ichi Life Group’s History of Reform Since 2007
2007 2008
2010
2011
2012
2013
2015
2016
2017
     New foundation as a listed company
Establishes regional headquarters in New York and Singapore
Transition to a holding company structure
Dai-ichi Frontier Life commences business
Neo First Life commences business
Vietnam
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam becomes a subsidiary
India
Establishes Star Union Dai-ichi Life
Thailand
Acquires share of OCEAN LIFE
Australia
Acquires share of Tower Australia Group Limited (currently TAL Group)
Australia
Tower Australia Group Limited becomes a subsidiary
Indonesia
Acquires share of Panin Life (currently Panin Dai-ichi Life)
U.S.A.
Protective becomes a Subsidiary
       Organizational Structure
Developed governance to
support global business expansion
Domestic Life
Insurance Business
2019
Cambodia
Dai-ichi Life Cambodia commences business
Janus Henderson Group plc begins operations
Progress in global business diversification
   Established three brands in
the domestic life insurance market to respond to diversified customer needs
Overseas Life
Insurance Business
Established a balanced business portfolio by covering both growth and stable markets
Asset Management Business
Established a global trilateral structure covering three major markets
Group Adjusted Profit
10%
2012
100.0 billion
90%
22% 78% 2018
236.3 billion
  9 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 10
U.S.A.
   Japan
Overseas
Overseas
 Consolidated Premium and Other Income
  Acquires share of
Janus Capital Group Inc.
Asset Management One begins operations
0%
2010
3312.4 billion
100%
18% 82%
2018
5344.0 billion
Japan
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

Message from the President
We are dedicated to raising quality of life for all, realizing our mission, “By your side, for life.”
President and Representative Director Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 11 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 12
      Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

Message from the President
 Where We Are
The Challenges of a 100-Year Life Society
It is said that we are entering a 100-year life society. When Japan’s Act on Social Welfare for the Elderly was enacted in 1963, we had just 153 people aged 100 or more but over the years this figure has grown to around 70,000 in 2018.
Various issues have become apparent with this change. As the population is aging, more and more people are suffering from dementia and chronic conditions, such as high blood pressure and diabetes. As more people suffer from such health conditions, the gap between average life expectancy and healthy lifespan has been widening. Specifically, a person is likely to spend an average of 10 years in an unhealthy state.
Given this situation, some people advocate the necessity of health promotion and illness prevention at an early stage and measures to stop the progression of diseases, but it seems that this message is not sufficiently influencing people. A survey revealed that roughly 70% of the population is not getting the necessary amount of exercise to prevent chronic diseases, and about 70% of this group were not concerned about their health, meaning they had no particular intention to exercise. It makes it very obvious that there is much room for improvement in spreading awareness on the necessity of maintaining and improving health.
As a life insurer, we need to take these facts very seriously. The Dai-ichi Life Group has been carrying out activities to raise awareness about health and preparing for later life, and we have been providing people with information and services. However, this data suggests our efforts are not effective enough.
It is necessary to make an even greater effort to communicate to people the importance of being proactive and making proper provisions for building assets and improving their health and also we should continuously encourage them to act. This will get us even more involved in raising awareness and changing behavior, and will enable us to make a bigger contribution. Or in other words, our function is to provide a “nudge” in behavioral economics terms. I believe this is our role going forward. In this way, it is our responsibility to complement social security through our life insurance business and I recognize that expectations for us in this regard will grow in the future.
Diversifying Lifestyles
The diversification of lifestyles is being recognized more than ever before and the process seems to have accelerated since the rise of the generation born between 1980 and 2000, also known as “millennials.” Millennials have lived in a digital society since their birth and have a set of values that differs completely from those of previous generations, namely sharing rather than owning, owning only what is needed, and connecting with one another through social media.
Millennials will become the core of society and have a strong influence. As this happens, the composition of society will change significantly, led by their values.
There are also other factors that will drive the diversification of lifestyles, such as an increase in single households, the spread of freelancing as a work-style, and increase of foreign residents as a result of globalization.
Such diversification also reflects the facts that individual customers have different values, and their expectations and aspirations are truly diverse. Therefore, there is a steadily growing demand for companies to provide products and services that meet these diverse needs. Also, if a company does not respond to such diversity, it will not win the support of its customers.
Life insurance is not an exception. Previously, the primary need of our core customer segment was standard death coverage. However, now insurance products cater to diverse needs, such as healthcare, nursing care, and savings for people with diverse lifestyles and values. Also, in line with customer preferences, insurance distribution channels have expanded from traditional face-to-face sales to include walk-in insurance shops, the internet, and other options.
People Suspected to be Affected by Chronic Diseases
(1,000 people)
10,500 High blood 9,500 pressure
8,500
7,500
6,500
About 50% of Japanese Not Concerned about Health
 Not exercising sufficiently to prevent lifestyle-related diseases
67.5%
   Getting sufficient exercise
32.5%
           Diabetes
(high blood cholesterol)
Intention to exercise
29.0%
No particular intention to exercise (unconcerned about health)
71%
Millennials
(born between 1980 and 2000)
Approx. 29 million
Single households
Approx. 14 million
Freelancers
Approx. 11 million
Foreign residents in Japan
Approx. 2.5 million
Diversifying Lifestyles in Japan
 3,000 Hyperlipidemia
  2,000 Malignant tumor 1,000 Alzheimer’s
disease
0 1996 1999 2002 2005 2008 2011 2014 2017
(Source) Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare “Summary of
Patient Survey, 2017”
About 50% of the total
      Another issue is the rising concern about not having enough money for later life. According to a survey by the Japan Institute of Life Insurance, about 70% of people in Japan are worried about supporting themselves financially in later life, and this percentage exceeds 80% of respondents under the age of 50.
Despite such concerns, a recent financial literacy survey revealed that only a little more than 30% of people had plans to save for later life, and less than half were aware of how much money they would need to support themselves in later life.
Percentage of People Worried About Later Life
Approx. 70% Approx. 82%
(Source) Japan Institute of Life Insurance 2018 Survey on the State of Life Insurance
in Japan
Awareness Regarding Financial Needs in Later Life
34.9% 47.8%
(Source) Central Council for Financial Services Information Financial Literacy Survey (2019)
(Source) Survey by Tsukuba University’s Kuno Research Lab (2010)
 Overall
  Under 50
  People with plans to secure money to support themselves in later life
   People aware of the money amount required to support themselves in later life
    13 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 14
     Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

Message from the President
   Pp. 5, 7
→ Group Mission → Our History
In response to these environmental changes, we have served our customers by diversifying our products and channels. This includes adopting a multi-brand structure with three different companies in Japan and introducing non-life insurance and cancer insurance products from our business alliance partners. However, customer needs will continue to diversify and become more specific, in other words, it is not difficult to imagine a further increase in the demand for more personalized insurance and services.
In this way, if the Dai-ichi Life Group would adhere strictly to the traditional life insurance business model, we would not be able to fulfill the role demanded by society and our customers. In addition, the future of our business would also be at great risk. To solve the issues faced in a 100-year life society and to respond to the accelerating changes in the lifestyles of our customers, I think we need to respond to changes with even greater speed and agility.
Continuing to Embrace “By your side, for life,” An Eternal Value Unaffected by Change
We have a commitment to respond to the changes in the environment and provide new value our customers and society expects from us. By meeting these expectations, we can grow even more.
Since our founding in 1902, while contributing to solving social issues we have provided a peace of mind to embrace each of our customers through the life insurance business. We have always adapted ourselves to changes among our customers and in society. Tackling the social issues of each era could be simply summarized as the Dai-ichi Life Group’s history.
The Dai-ichi Life Group’s mission, “By your side, for life,” expresses the pride and commitment of the employees who have inherited this history. This continues unchanged even within the current structure of the Group’s business foundation, comprising of 10 life insurance companies and two asset management companies in Japan and around the world.
The driving forces behind “By your side, for life” are “pursue what’s best” and “spirit of innovation,” values passed down from our founder Tsuneta Yano. “Pursue what’s best” is a pledge to always work hard with integrity to ensure the value we provide is the best it could
possibly be and will earn us maximum support in order to contribute to the happiness of people and the progress of society. “Spirit of innovation” reflects the philosophy of having the agility to do whatever is required to realize “pursue what’s best” and without fear to boldly change business practices when the occasion demands.
Since becoming president, I have used a quote from the founder to share my thoughts with employees about how we should approach work to reflect “By your side, for life.” Our founder used to say “Think about whether what we are doing will delight people around us, or will it be dismissed as something they can live without. People will recognize the value when a product or service is beneficial and convenient, and society will appreciate what we do and grow it larger. Therefore, ultimately we engage in our business for the sake of society.”
This is the essence that allows us to continue being “By your side, for life,” the eternal value that enables us to grow and continue to be chosen by customers and society.
Going forward, we must never lose sight of this essence, and create and provide value that responds to new customer needs and social issues with integrity and agility. I would like the Group’s 70,000 employees to share this ideal so that we can come together and strive for new growth.
New Value Creation We Pursue: Improving Quality of Life
As we face new challenges accompanying diversifying lifestyles and entry into an age of a 100-year life society, the Dai-ichi Life Group has decided to pursue new value creation by contributing to the improvement of quality.
We see improving quality of life as “enabling the lives and lifestyles each and every person aspires to.” The upcoming era will demand not only quantitative abundance, but also qualitative abundance, and we assume what people will desire most is to improve their quality of life. Naturally, what could improve the quality of life will vary from person to person, as the value provided by companies would also likely be diverse.
In this sense, how can the Dai-ichi Life Group contribute to improving quality of life? In order to continue fulfilling our mission “By your side, for life,” what are the areas in which we can provide unique value that will lead to the improvement of people’s quality of life and in which our customers and society are expecting from us? We have reconsidered these questions based on our awareness of the environment around us, the characteristics of our business, our strengths, etc.
 P. 23
→ Value Creation Process
 15 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 16
     Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

Message from the President
As a result, the Dai-ichi Life Group is earnestly expanding into areas in which it can provide value through our business in asset-building, health promotion, and enhancing connections, which will be crucial for everyone in order to realize better quality of life, in addition to our traditional role of providing protection. We will also leverage advances in technology to further improve this value aiming to contribute to customers and society. In this way the Dai-ichi Life Group is helping to improve quality of life.
Improving Quality of Life for Everyone
In order to engage in this new value creation, we will go beyond our traditional role of an insurance company, to take on the challenge of evolving the Dai-ichi Life Group’s business model. When taking on this challenge, we will leverage all our advantages, such as our strong business foundations in Japan and overseas (customer bases and channels), the brand power we have cultivated, the exceptional and diverse personnel and know-how at our Group companies in Japan and overseas, and the resources offered by business partners outside the Group.
Let us share here the four values we will provide going forward and how our efforts regarding each of these will lead to quality of life improvement.
Four Values Offered: 1. Protection
In Japan, we will contribute to improving people’s quality of life by catering more closely to the diversifying protection needs that accompany lifestyles.
Dai-ichi Life’s “Just,” which was launched in 2018, is a highly versatile product that, in addition to death coverage, enables customers to prepare in great detail for various healthcare, illness, and nursing care needs. This has resulted in “Just” being popular among customers from a wide range of age groups and, as of April 2019, we had sold more than 1.3 million policies. Furthermore, we have been employing a multi-brand strategy in Japan. As a result of catering to customer needs in detail through a range of products from three Group companies, in fiscal 2018 we sold 1.43 million new policies, an increase over the previous fiscal year.
In overseas markets, our Group companies have been providing protection customized to the needs of each country and in particular, recently we are also expanding our business into the Mekong region. We have begun operations in Cambodia and have acquired provisional approval to begin business in Myanmar.
In this way, we are responding to the needs of many customers in Japan and other countries to contribute to improvement of quality of life by reducing the burden on household finances in case of emergency or when they become ill or injured, by enabling them to live with a peace of mind.
Furthermore, by utilizing technology, one of our strengths, we are expanding the scope of the protection we can provide. The Group refers to initiatives for fostering unique innovation by combining the insurance business with technology as “InsTech,” and promotes it as a top priority strategic initiative. As part of InsTech, medical big data analysis and analysis of specific illnesses and hospitalizations allowed us to expand underwriting by 38,000 policies for patients with conditions such as high blood pressure and diabetes (equivalent to about 3% of Dai-ichi Life’s annual new policies).
Expanding Underwriting Through Big Data Analysis Big Data Analysis
P. 45
→ Fostering Innovation
        Asset formation Health promotion Connections Protection
Internal data
External data
 Providing the Dai-ichi Life Group’s unique value, “By your side, for life”
Expanded Scope of New Customers
Expanded underwriting by
38,000 customers (fiscal 2018)
   Receiving treatment for high blood pressure
Rheumatoid arthritis
Diabetes
Asthma
Coverage expanded to certain conditions above
 P. 33
→ Domestic Life Insurance Business
Pp. 27, 37
→ Feature: Protection— Expansion of Business into the Mekong Region
→ Overseas Life Insurance Business
Naturally these achievements have meaning in directly leading to sales increase, but the provision of protection to even just one extra person is groundbreaking because it contributes to the improvement of quality of life and the stability of the lives of a greater number of customers, and going forward, we will further advance the expansion of underwriting through our data analysis.
Also, as the result of providing a line-up of products that flexibly cater to medical advances and increasingly segmented needs, the payment of claims related to healthcare and nursing care are increasing annually, and in fiscal 2018, a total of about 1.2 million claim payments were made by Dai-ichi Life and Neo First Life combined. Each year we are increasing the degree to which we contribute to providing stability in people’s lives through
not only death protection, but also paying claims and benefits that support longer lives.
Four Values Offered: 2. Asset Formation
The Dai-ichi Life Group offers a wide range of products that help customers with their asset- building needs primarily through Dai-ichi Frontier Life. In fiscal 2018 we recognized the increasing needs for inheritance and transferring assets and responded by timely introducing new products. We also expanded the sales channels to include over 180 financial institutions across Japan, as well as Dai-ichi Life’s Total Life Plan Designers, which is a face-to-face channel. In this way we are solving one of the issues being faced in the age of a 100-year life society by helping a broad range of customers to “save, use, and transfer,” or in other words, extend the longevity of assets.
P. 33
→ Domestic Life Insurance Business
  17 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 18
     Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

Message from the President
  Pp. 25, 33
→ Feature:
Health Promotion— -Initiatives Geared towards Prevention-
→ Domestic Life Insurance Business
In the 11 years since it started business, Dai-ichi Frontier Life’s in-force policy amount, an indicator of our contribution to customers’ asset-building, has risen to 8.9 trillion yen and the amount of annuities Dai-ichi Frontier Life pays each year has risen to 261.3 billion yen. This way it is playing a role in complementing the social security pension system.
Also, Dai-ichi Life, is offering Tontine Pension, a product designed to increase the amount paid as a future pension by lowering the amount paid in the event of death before the customer reaches a pensionable age. This provides a new option for securing needed funds for later life as society ages.
Four Values Offered: 3. Health Promotion
In health promotion, we aim to contribute to quality of life improvement considering expected increase in chronic conditions and dementia in the age of a 100-year life society. To achieve this, we will expand the value we provide to prevention and early detection, in addition to protection.
With traditional protection we offer financial support in case a customer suffers from an unexpected death or serious disease. Going beyond protection, the Dai-ichi Life Group is adding products and services that promote health and prevent serious medical conditions in everyday life, contributing to prevention and early detection.
  Value to be offered with more emphasis
Added value through health promotion
Prevention Prevention and early detection
Value offered traditionally
Assured payment of claims and benefits
Protection Coverage
Disability
Nursing care required
This is in part attributable to a high level of product development capability, enhanced with technology by InsTech initiatives and also attributable to the encouragement or “nudge” carried out by the Total Life Plan Designers, a face-to-face channel, on a daily basis.
Till now, Dai-ichi Life’s about 40,000 Total Life Plan Designers in collaboration with municipalities have verified and included the status of having health checkups for approximately 3.6 million people across Japan. At every possible opportunity they have been communicating the importance of having health checkups and making preparations for coping with dementia. These activities toward raising health awareness and the “nudge” for changing behavior is impacting people and society, by making many more people, including those who are “unconcerned about health,” to be more health conscious. The strength that our 40,000 face-to-face channel representatives demonstrated when fulfilling their role of giving a “nudge” and the success of initiatives, including this one, leading to an increase in new policies can be seen as a response to the Group’s business direction.
Going forward, we want to raise efforts to provide value that leads to health promotion in every possible way, including our products and services themselves as well as these kinds of initiatives, in order to solve social issues such as extending healthy lifespans and reducing medical expenses.
         19 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 20
Customer’s health
Healthy
Presymptomatic illness
Illness (mild)
Prevention of serious medical conditions
Illness (severe)
Death
 Our role
Health promotion
Financial support through claims and benefits
For example, Dai-ichi Life’s “Health Checkup Discount” is a system that offers a discount for submitted health checkup results when buying a life insurance policy. Our aim here is not just to appeal to the customer through a discount, but also to contribute to their health. Dai-ichi Life’s analysis suggests that people who get regular health checkups have a significantly lower ratio of suffering from the three major diseases (cancer, strokes, and heart attacks) and untimely death. Therefore, we think that offering the “Health Checkup Discount” will encourage people to get health checkups, thereby promoting health and preventing
future illnesses.
Also, in 2018 we launched dementia insurance. As there are currently no conclusive
treatments or drugs for dementia, preventing its inception or stopping its progress is seen as the most effective way of tackling. Therefore, Dai-ichi Life’s dementia insurance not only provides dementia coverage, but also it is enhanced with unique ancillary services which focus on preventing dementia and improving cognitive functions. This is a new value we are providing to improve quality of life by enabling customers to have longer, healthier lives.
It is my perception that introducing these products and services could have a significant impact on society. In fiscal 2018, Dai-ichi Life sold 500,000 new policies with discounts for submitted health checkup results, a 2.5 x increase over the previous fiscal year, and just in four months since the launch of dementia insurance, 100,000 new policies had been sold.
     Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

Message from the President
  P. 33
→ Domestic Life Insurance Business
Four Values Offered: 4. Connections
The Dai-ichi Life Group is leveraging its strengths in the life insurance business all over Japan and helping improve quality of life by building communities that are easy to live and work in through the provision of various “connections” and “opportunities to connect” in each region. By utilizing our strength of being the only Japanese life insurance provider that has established collaboration agreements with all 47 prefectures in Japan, we are launching initiatives that tackle various issues affecting each region, such as taking care of the elderly, supporting child raising, and vitalizing business and industry, by working with local authorities.
We are also using our real estate around Japan to encourage the creation of childcare facilities, enabling us to collect an income from real estate while at the same time helping to promote the participation of women in the workplace and supporting child raising. We have successively expanded facilities with the aim of providing places for 2,500 children, about 10% of the number who were on waiting lists for childcare facilities in 2011, and currently we are able to accept 1,615 children.
Improving Quality of Life by Solving Social Issues and Realizing Group Sustainable Growth
In this way, the Dai-ichi Life Group is raising its efforts to provide these four values to improve quality of life for diverse lifestyles of our customers. In addition to playing our conventional role in complementing social security systems, we will also contribute to solving social issues, including ensuring stability in the lives of citizens, extending healthy lifespans and asset longevity, and ensuring the sustainability of communities.
As a life insurance company we will manage the premiums from policyholders by engaging in ESG investment more actively so that it contributes to innovation, regional vitalization, and mitigating climate change.
In fiscal 2018, we took the first step toward realizing these initiatives and going forward we aim to further improve the value we provide through our business. As a result, we hope to further increase the support we receive from our customers and society, and expand our business foundation by reaching more customers in every country, leading to sustainable profit growth for the Group.
Also, all the values we aim to provide are based on the goals and targets of the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), so we think that our business activities will contribute to realizing the SDGs.
And in order to continue being recognized by customers and societies as a company with our mission of “By your side, for life” and contributing to improving quality of life, we need to further improve every aspect of our customer-first business operations. However, there are some challenges in this aspect as well. Namely, we have received reports from some customers that foreign exchange risk was not sufficiently explained when they purchased foreign-currency denominated savings-type products, and requests to treat our elderly customers with greater care when they sign up for policies.
The Dai-ichi Life Group is taking this situation seriously and we are advancing with improvement measures, such as enhancing our explanations from customer’s perspective and verifying whether our explanations are effective. However, there are no end goals to our customer-first initiatives. Going forward, we will strive continuously to consider customer’s perspective and ensure that the Group’s value creation serves for “pursuing what’s best” for each individual customer.
Medium-Term Management Plan, CONNECT 2020: Progress in Fiscal 2018
Our current medium-term management plan, CONNECT 2020, is focused on improving quality of life. We will increase connections with a greater number of customers and communities and realize growth for the Group by strengthening connections with Group companies in Japan and overseas and with outside business partners, while at the same time increasing the value of our products, services, and channels.
In Japan, we further developed our multi-brand, multi-channel approach by enhancing the mutual distribution of products within the Group and expanding the agent channel. Also, new products introduced in 2018 are contributing to improved business results.
In emerging markets overseas, as a result of concentrating on business growth focused on the top line in each country, we have expanded our contribution to providing stability in our customers’ lives through life insurance. For example, Dai-ichi Life Vietnam has grown to become the top foreign-affiliated life insurance company based on first year premiums. Also, Protective in the U.S. and TAL in Australia have expanded their business foundations through M&A, and we can expect them to make greater contributions to profits going forward.
As a result of these initiatives, in fiscal 2018, the first year of the medium-term management plan, progress was generally smooth.
In addition to exceeding the Group’s adjusted profit forecast of 236.3 billion yen, we also increased the value of new business, an indicator for future profits, year on year to 198.7 billion yen. We will continue to hone our ability to create value by contributing to quality of life in Japan and overseas and aim to achieve our targets in fiscal 2020.
 P. 23
→ Value Creation Process
Pp. 29, 41
→ Feature: Securing of Regional and Social Sustainability— ESG investments
→ Asset Management Business
(Billion yen)
210.0
Fiscal 2017
236.3
Fiscal 2018
Approx. 250.0
Fiscal 2020
(Billion yen)
191.9
Fiscal 2017
P. 31
→ Progress in Fiscal 2018–2020 Medium-term Management Plan
  Accounting profit
 Group adjusted profit
 Future Profit (Economic Value)
 Value of New Business
    198.7
Fiscal 2018
Approx. 230.0
Fiscal 2020
        21 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 22
In Closing
Heading toward a rapidly changing future, each Dai-ichi Life Group employee, both in Japan and overseas, must demonstrate their spirit of innovation so we can apply our collective strengths to “pursue what’s best.” We will aim to realize sustainable growth by being “By your side, for life” to improve customers’ quality of life and contribute to solving social issues.
Last but not least, I would like to thank everyone sincerely for your continued support for the Dai-ichi Life Group.
     Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Value Creation Process
Fulfilling our mission “By your side, for life,” the Dai-ichi Life Group will keep on resolving new social issues through improvement of quality of life of people. By mobilizing our Group’s capabilities and spreading globally the value creation based on our philosophy, we will expand our growth potential and sustainability.
Customer Value Creation that
the Dai-ichi Life Group Seeks to Achieve
   Awareness of Our Environment
Diversification of lifestyles
Improving Quality of Life as We Stand “By your side, for life”
As lifestyles continue to diversify, the Dai-ichi Life Group sees the improvement of quality of life as enabling the desired lifestyle and way of living of each individual. We believe that in addition to conventional protection, it is essential to provide value that contributes to asset-building, health promotion and enhancing connections.
Group Growth
Sustained Growth of Our Businesses through Value Creation for Customers and Society
Group In-Force Annualized Net Premiums
       Diverse Values
Joy of convenient lifestyles
Customers
• Insurance that meticulously covers increasingly diversified protection needs due to changes in lifestyles
• Insurance tailored to circumstances in emerging and other countries p. 27
• Insurance for building assets that further enrich lifestyle
• Insurance for increasing and transferring assets to remaining family
• Insurance and services that broadly support people’s efforts to improve their health
• Insurance and services that contribute to prevention and early detection of illness
p. 25
• Connections among customers in communities (taking care of the elderly through cooperation with municipalities, etc.)
• Connections with customers and society (attracting daycare centers to Group-held properties, etc.)
Society
            Provision of protection that covers a wide range of needs
Stability of lifestyles
Livelihood stability through insurance
Extending asset longevity
Sense of security at later life in the 100-year Life Society
Extension of healthy lifespan
Promote health for all
Measures addressing the declining birthrate and population aging
   More free time
Protection
Asset- Building
Health Promotion
Enhancing Connections
1.34 million
Fiscal 2017
1.43 million
Fiscal 2018
3,955.8 billion yen
Number of New Policies (Japan)
             Globalization Increase of digital natives
Technological advancement (medical/information/science)
In a 100-year Life Society
Surfacing aging population issues
Increase of chronic diseases
and dementia cases
Life spent in poor health
Concerns of insufficient funds in later life
Percentage of people feeling uneasy about financial readiness for old age
Approx. 70%2
1. “Abridged Life Tables”/“Materials from 11th Meeting of the Expert Committee on Promotion of Healthy Japan 21 (Second Term),” Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (2016).
2. 2018 “Nationwide Field Survey on Life Insurance,” JILI.
3. Amount of in-force policies for Dai-ichi Frontier Life.
4. Number of health checkup results received by Dai-ichi Life.
5. Ongoing initiative towards intake of 2,500 children, an equivalent of
approximately 10% of the children waiting to enter daycare centers
across Japan (as of April 2011).
6. Amounts for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2017 excluding one-time factors.
Contribution to asset-building through savings-type products
Policy amount in force 3
7.6 trillion yen 8.9 trillion yen
Supplementing the social security system
Securing regional and social sustainability
Creation of
job satisfaction
Empowerment of women
Development of cutting-edge technology
Contributions to society through responsible loans and investments
2,425.7 billion yen
End of Fiscal 2012
   End of Fiscal 2017
End of Fiscal 2018
    Encouraging health checkups through Health Checkup discount
 Number of health checkup certificates submitted 4
   205 thousand
Fiscal 2017
509 thousand
Fiscal 2018
End of Fiscal 2018
       (Gap between healthy lifespan and average life expectancy)
Building a safe and secure community
ESG investment aimed at creating innovation, vitalizing communities, and mitigating
236.3 billion yen
CAGR 5-7% (estimate)
Fiscal 2018
Reinforced connections
with communities and initiated efforts to resolve regional issues
All 47
Empowerment of women by attracting daycare centers to Group-held properties
Intake Capacity
1,615 5
Image Representation of Growth in Group Profit 6
Number of prefectures with which agreements have been concluded
  Approx. 10 years
1
   •
100.0 billion yen
Fiscal 2012
 Average Life Expectancy
Healthy Lifespan
Difference
Male
81.0
72.1
8.8
Female
87.1
74.8
12.4
 climate change
p. 29
 Improvement of Quality of Life by Resolving Social Issues
       Group Strengths
Business Foundation
Initiatives that Support Our Business Foundation
p. 5
By growing its business, the Dai-ichi Life Group aims to achieve Group adjusted profit of around 250 billion yen during the term of the current Medium-term Management Plan, and a further increase to the level of approximately 300 billion yen during the next Medium-term Management Plan.
We will further reinforce our business foundation to enhance the quantitative and qualitative value that we provide to our customers and society.
 Strong brand p. 10
 Diverse talent/ Know-how
p. 10
 Robust financial base p. 3
 Fostering Innovation p. 45
 ERM p. 47
 Diversity and Inclusion p. 50
 Domestic Life Insurance Business
p. 33
 Overseas Life Insurance Business
p. 37
 Asset Management Business
p. 41
  23 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 24
Corporate Philosophy of “By your side, for life” as Our Mission
    Introduction
Management Strategies
Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of the President Process Management Plan Business
Value Creation Initiatives
Corporate Governance Data Section
Solving Social Issues by Improving Each Customer’s Quality of Life
Value Provided
Sources of Value Creation

 Feature
Improvement of Quality of Life
Health Promotion —Initiatives Geared towards Prevention
  Health Checkup Results Submission
Customers with favorable results
     No discount on insurance premiums
A basic Health Checkup Discount is applied to insurance premiums
 A additional Health Checkup Discount is applied to insurance premiums
  Expanding Role of Prevention
in Addition to Protection
In addition to insurance’s conventional role of financial protection, the Dai-ichi Life Group will continue to support improvement of each customer’s quality of life through initiatives that go beyond existing insurance models such as health promotion and prevention of developing severe or chronic conditions.
Approach behind the Health Checkup Discount
Behind the Health Checkup Discount is our idea that undergoing a health checkup is the first step toward good health. In fact, data shows that relative to people who do not undergo health checkups, those who do are 10% less likely to require payments due to the three major diseases (cancer, acute myocardial infarctions, and strokes) and 30% less likely to require payments due to death. This data was derived following an analysis of big data on over 10 million insurance policies of Dai-ichi Life using the latest technology.
Percentage of Claims and Health Checkup
  Occurrence of claims due to three major diseases
Difference of approx.
Difference of approx. 30%
10%
Occurrence death benefit claims
    No health checkups
With health checkups
No health checkups
With health checkups
 Protection
JUST Dementia Insurance
 Prevention and Early Detection
Mobile app for preventing dementia, etc.
Tool for checking Program for cognitive function preventing dementia
   Healthy lifespan 72.1 years
9.93 million
An increase of approximately 2.40 million in 20 years (2017)
 Hypertension
 Diabetes
3.28 million
An increase of approximately 1.10 million in 20 years (2017)
Approximately 7.30 million Approximately 1/5 of all people aged 65 and above (population projection for 2025)
 People aged 65 and above suffering from dementia
Average life expectancy 81.0 years
Portion of life spent with illness
years
 Approximately
 Healthy lifespan 74.8 years
10
 Average life expectancy 87.1 years
   Number of New Policies with 509 thousand Health Checkup Discount
*Actual Results at Dai-ichi Life
Number of New Policies 119 thousand (Customers Aged 50 and
Above)* Actual Results at Dai-ichi Life
     205 thousand
76 thousand Approx. 1.5x
Approx. 2.5x
After launch of dementia insurance
Contribution to Improving Quality of Life
 Prevention
 Protection
  Protection
+
  Prevention
Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018 Oct-Dec 2018
Jan-Mar 2019
 Latest technology
 Face-to-face channel comprised of approx. 40,000 representatives across Japan
  New Products and Services that Contribute to Prevention
 Health Checkup Discount
The Health Checkup Discount offered by Dai-ichi Life is a life insurance industry-first* system that offer customers with favorable health checkup results a further discount on their insurance premiums on top of the discount on their premiums that they receive by simply submitting those results upon signing an insurance policy.
Through this system, about 40,000 Total Life Plan Designers reach out to customers and encourage them to have a health checkup, which translates into a greater number of customers promoting their health.
* As researched by Dai-ichi Life in February 2018
No Yes
   Issue Awareness
Having entered the 100-year Life Society, an increasing number of individuals suffer from chronic diseases and dementia due to old age. People spend approximately 10 years (the gap between healthy lifespan and average life expectancy)
People suffering from major chronic diseases and dementia in Japan
(Source) “Summary of patient survey 2018,” Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.
(Source) “Overall strategy for promoting measures for dementia (July 5, 2017),” Ministry of Health,
Labour and Welfare
Just Dementia Insurance and Dementia Prevention Services
 receiving medical care, which is presenting a considerable challenge due to the burden of high medical expenses. It is said that in the future, this will not only be a concern for Japan and other developed countries but also for all other countries.
Gap between healthy lifespan and average life expectancy
8.8 years
12.4 years
(Source) “Abridged Life Tables”/“Materials from 11th Meeting of Expert Committee of Promotion of Healthy Japan 21 (Second Term),” Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (2016)
In addition to lump sum payment to cover the financial burden of nursing care due to dementia, Dai-ichi Life’s Just Dementia Insurance offers prevention-related services that include a tool to check a cognitive function based on an eye movement analysis and a mobile app with a brain training function to prevent dementia. Through prevention and early detection of dementia, we are working toward extending healthy lifespan.
Accomplishments in Fiscal 2018
As a result of such initiatives, in fiscal 2018, the year we introduced Health Checkup Discount, the number of new insurance policies with submitting health checkup results exceeded 500,000. This was about 2.5 times the number of new policies sold in fiscal 2017. Moreover, in the three months since Dai-ichi Life launched dementia insurance the number of new insurances policies for customers aged 50 or higher
increased 1.5 times compared to new sales before the launch. By providing such products and services that promote
health and prevent developing chronic or more severe conditions, we at the Dai-ichi Life Group will contribute to the improvement of our customers’ quality of life and aim to address social issues such as extending healthy lifespan and mitigating the burden of medical expenses.
  The Roles to be Fulfilled by the Dai-ichi Life Group: Expand into the Field of Prevention
Based on the above understanding, in addition to insurance’s conventional role of offering financial protection from such risks as illnesses, need for family care, and death, the Dai-ichi Life Group will also contribute to promoting health and prevention of developing severe or chronic illnesses. In taking on these roles, we will fully leverage our advantages in the form of fine-tuned
support that encourages changes in awareness and behavior toward health promotion through our 40,000 Total Life Plan Designers in Japan who communicate face-to-face with customers, as well as our expertise in product and service development that takes advantage of the latest technology.
  Prevention and early detection
Coverage
Disability Nursing Death care required
 Customer’s health
Our role Our strengths
Healthy Presymptomatic illness
Health promotion
Illness (mild)
Prevention of serious medical conditions
Illness (severe)
  25 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 26
Financial support through claims and benefits
Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives
Male Female

 Feature
Improvement of Quality of Life
Protection —Expansion of Business into the Mekong Region
   Contributing to the Stability of Lifestyles in
Emerging Asian Countries by Spreading Insurance
Since commencing operations in Vietnam in 2007, the Dai-ichi Life Group has proactively expanded its business into emerging Asian countries. Going forward, we will promote proactive initiatives in Cambodia and Myanmar, expecting the full-fledged spread of insurance due to the high percentage of young people and their potential for contributing to economic growth. With the spread of insurance, we will contribute to the stability of people’s well-being.
   Indonesia Vietnam
Cambodia
 Myanmar
5,000
  Issue Awareness
In Asian emerging countries, social security systems are yet to be developed. As such, comparing to developed countries, people’s lives in Asian emerging countries are vulnerable to emergencies. In this sense, life insurance complements social security systems and has gradually spread as a means of
Insurance Penetration (Premium Revenue/GDP)
financial protection against unexpected risks as well as a means of asset-building. At the same time, insurance penetration rate in these countries is still relatively low and preparation for emergencies is insufficient.
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam
Utilizing resources of Dai-ichi Life Vietnam
(%)
9
6
3
0
Singapore Japan
50,000
Per capita GDP (USD)
Myanmar
Dai-ichi Life Myanmar Preparation company established (May 2019)
Vietnam
Expected Role of Dai-ichi Life Group:
Providing Long-Term Peace of Mind through Life Insurance
Proactively expanding its business into emerging Asian countries and providing ideal products in each market using optimal channels based on specifics of each country, the Dai-ichi Life Group believes that it can deliver long-term peace of mind to those markets through life insurance. In addition,
considering the need for total life plan design and health promotion, we believe that by spreading and penetrating that in each country, we can contribute to the stability of people’s lifestyles at an unprecedented level.
Fully Leveraging Group Experience and Capabilities
 As one of our initiatives in the Mekong region, in March 2018, we became the first Japanese life insurance company to establish a subsidiary in Cambodia, and it commenced operations in April 2019.
In Myanmar, in April 2019, we became the only Japanese life insurance company to acquire a provisional business permit for a wholly-owned subsidiary, after which we established a preparation company in May. Today, we are moving forward to start business in Myanmar.
To proceed with full-fledged business operation in these countries, in addition to Dai-ichi Life Vietnam providing expertise that it has cultivated over time in the Mekong region, it is essential to fully leverage regional headquarters in
Singapore, which oversees operations for the Group’s insurance companies in the Asia region.
Specific examples of such support include providing marketing know-how and expertise on actuarial and risk management functions, as well as assistance with establishing infrastructure systems.
Going forward, by fully leveraging the experience and expertise we have gained in emerging Asian countries so far, we aim to contribute to further stabilize the lives of the people in the Mekong region and other countries by promoting life insurance. We also intend to contribute to the economic growth in these countries through the development of the life insurance industry.
                  Emerging Countries
Thailand
Thailand Cambodia
Dai-ichi Life Cambodia
Commenced operations (April 2019)
 India
      500
Existing operations Newly entered market
DLI Asia Pacific PTE LTD (Singapore-based regional headquarters)
 27
(Source) Swiss Re “sigma No.3/2018” and “Market analysis 2019 - Brunei, Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar”
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 28
Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

     Feature
Improvement of Quality of Life
Securing of Regional and Social Sustainability —ESG investment
  Impact Investment: Investment in Start-Up Companies that Could Improve Quality of Life
“Impact investment” refers to a type of ESG investment that is made in the kind of businesses and companies that bring about positive structural change (social impact) in society. The Dai-ichi Life Group proactively engages in such investment.
Examples of Impact Investment
CureApp
When making impact investments, we are responsible for not only investment earnings, but also to help resolving social issues by verifying whether the expected social impact is being created after such investments.
      SUSMED
• Development of mobile app to treat insomnia, etc.
• Invested 100 million yen (Jun. 2018) Social impact:
• Reduced risk of side-effects from treatment of insomina
• Reduced medical expenses
Neurotrack
    Securing Regional and Social Sustainability and
Enhancing Corporate Value through ESG investment
By making investments into assets that help to resolve global social issues based on the main themes of “quality of life improvement,” “regional vitalization” and “climate change,” the Dai-ichi Life Group will continue to contribute to building a sustainable society.
Making ESG Investments the Dai-ichi Life Way
Quality of Life Improvement, Regional Vitalization, and Climate Change
• Development of mobile app to treat nicotine addiction, etc.
• Invested 1 billion yen (Feb. 2018/Jul. 2019) Social impact:
• Extended healthy lifespan through improved treatment effects
• Reduced medical expenses
• Development efforts including “cognitive function test” capable of checking cognitive functions based on eye movements
• Invested 800 million yen (Jul. 2019) Social impact:
• Extended healthy lifespan through
prevention of dementia
• Reduced medical expenses
Dai-ichi Life recognizes being a “universal owner” with broadly managed funds in the amount of approximately 35 trillion yen, entrusted by roughly 10 million insurance policy holders across Japan. Accordingly, it is our mission to do our part to secure regional and social sustainability and manage assets considering a variety of stakeholders. For this reason, we have continued to proactively promote ESG investment.
In its ESG investment efforts, Dai-ichi Life has adopted three priority themes around “quality of life improvement,”
Social return (Quality of life improvement)
“regional vitalization” and “climate change.” More specifically, we are investing in start-up companies creating innovation in sectors such as healthcare and operations related to renewable energy generation, among others.
We will continue to pursue ESG investments in-line with the Dai-ichi Life way that help to resolve such social issues and contribute to securing regional and social sustainability.
Investment in SDG Bonds: Contribution to Solving Global Social Issues
 p. 53
Climate Change Initiatives
The Dai-ichi Life Group has been proactively investing in SDG bonds (green bonds, social bonds, etc.) issued by multilateral development banks and other entities as part of its ESG
Development of electric power infrastructure in Africa
Light Up and Power Africa Bonds
Development of cutting-edge technology
Assistance with public health and hygiene in the Asia-Pacific region
Health Bonds
Promote health for all
investment efforts since fiscal 2014. In doing so, we take part in solving global social issues.
Promotion of women’s empowerment in
the Asia-Pacific region
Gender Bonds
Empowerment of women
Assistance with agriculture in Africa
Feed Africa Bonds
Sense of security at later life in
the 100-year
Life Society
            Impact investment (Venture investment)
Regional vitalization investment
Investment
Renewable energy Project finance
SDGs bond investment
Investment earnings (Economic return)
(Innovation creation, regional vitalization, etc.)
Total assets Approx. 35 trillion yen
Policyholders (Approx. 10 million policyholders)
      Insurance premiums
Approx. 2 trillion yen per year
Insurance benefits
Approx. 2 trillion yen per year
                   Social return (Solving global social issues)
(Mitigation of climate change, development of infrastructure in emerging countries, etc.)
 Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives
Investment Assets
29 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 30

 Four “CONNECT” Concepts for Further Enhancing Dai-ichi Life Group Strengths
Under our CONNECT 2020 Medium-Term Management Plan, we have set forth four “CONNECT” concepts to further enhance Dai-ichi Life Group the strengths. By promoting initiatives in-line with these concepts for each of our business strategies, we endeavor to enhance the value we provide to our customers and society.
     CONNECT better with customers
Deliver products and services that improve quality of life
CONNECT deeper
with communities
Address social issues through our business
CONNECT with diverse partners
Expand opportunities with outside partners
CONNECT tighter
as a group
Further synergies between group companies
Progress of the Medium-Term Management Plan
 As each of our businesses reinforcing their individual initiatives based on four “CONNECT” concepts, the first year of CONNECT 2020 progressed smoothly. As we move forward, we will continue to refine our efforts to create value that leads to the improvement of quality of life, and proceed to achieve our medium-term management plan objectives for fiscal 2020 as well as achieving sustainable business growth and medium- to long-term improvements in our corporate value.
 Group Management Objectives (Quantitative Targets)
 (Billion yen)
250 200 150 100
50
0
Accounting Profit
Group Adjusted Profit
Approx. 250
Fiscal 2020 (Target)
210.0*
236.3
Fiscal 2018
        Fiscal 2017
    (Billion yen)
250
200 150 100
50
0
191.9
198.7
Fiscal 2018
Approx. 230
Fiscal 2020 (Target)
Future Profit (Economic Value)
Group Value of New Business
        Fiscal 2017
    Group Medium- to Long-term Vision Targets
 Capital Efficiency EV Growth (ROEV)
10.2% (since listing) At least 8% average growth
 Financial Soundness Economic Solvency Ratio
169% (End of fiscal 2018) 170% to 200% range
Reinforcing the Three Growth Engines that Underpin Value Creation
Under CONNECT 2020 Medium-term Management Plan we will further reinforce the three growth engines that constitute the strengths of the Dai-ichi Life Group through the following core initiatives based on awareness of our surrounding environment. In doing so, we will stick to our mission, “By your side, for life” and contribute to the improvement of quality of life.
      Awareness of the Surrounding Environment
Domestic Life Insurance
Diverse lifestyles
Arrival of 100-year Life Society
Overseas Life Insurance
Asia: High market growth
U.S.A. and AUS: Stable market growth
Asset Management
Strong demand for asset building on a global scale
Technology and Competition Advancement of medical science and IT Borderless markets
International Regulations
Increasing uncertainty of the financial environment
New international capital regulations
Supporting Reinforcement
   Reinforce Three Growth Engines
  Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Asset Management Business
Fostering Innovation
 ERM Diversity and Inclusion
 Core Initiatives
 * Excluding one-time factors
 Selection of Material Issues Faced by the Dai-ichi Life Group
When formulating the CONNECT 2020 Medium-Term Management Plan, we select issues stated below as material for the Dai-ichi Life Group in the context of stakeholder expectations and relevance with our Group’s business activities based on awareness of our environment that reflects diverse lifestyles and the arrival of the so called 100-year Life Society.
These issues have been selected from 50 social issues we derived and analyzed from the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). As such, we believe that the value creation by contributing to the improvement of quality of life in-line with our Group mission, “By your side, for life,” will also help to achieve SDGs.
Stability through insurance
Building a safe and secure community
Promoting
clean energy Improving energy efficiency
Sense of security in later life
Contribute to society
Tackling climate change
Promote health for all
Development of cutting-edge technology
Improving corporate governance and risk management
Increase work motivation Promote regional development
Empowerment of women
 Relevance to the businesses
Material issues
WEB Sustainability https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/sustainability/index.html
    • Provide products and services that serve to improve quality of life including health promotion
• Strengthen the multi-brand and multi-channel structure
• Expand establishing external partnerships
• Further profit growth in developed countries
• Expand market share in emerging Asian countries and gain first-mover advantage in early-stage markets (e.g. the Mekong region)
• •
Benefit from market growth in Japan, the U.S.A., and Europe Maximize synergies with Group companies, including life insurance companies
• Leverage cutting-edge technologies for greater convenience and productivity
• Accelerate expansion into new business domains leveraging our innovation laboratory
• Accelerate human capital collaboration and exchange on a global scale
 Address regional and social issues through our business
  Progress in Fiscal 2018–2020 Medium-Term Management Plan
While our surrounding environment continues to change and competition intensifies, we seek to reinforce each of our businesses from the perspective of the “CONNECT” concept while leveraging the strengths of the Group to realize growth through value creation in-line with our mission “By your side, for life,” and contribute to the improvement of quality of life during the CONNECT 2020 Medium-term Management Plan, which commenced in fiscal 2018.
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
     2018
2019
2020
A secure future for every community we serve. Using the best of our local and global capabilities.
   Medium-term Management Plan
       Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives
Stakeholder expectations based on awareness of our environment
 31 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 2019 32

   Summary of Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Where We Are and Our Strategy in the Market
Progress of Connect 2020
CONNECT 2020 Strategy
Based on the three-domestic-brand structure, in addition to mutual distribution of products and services, the Group will accelerate the multi-channel strategy by further improving the consulting capabilities of Total Life Designers and proactively expanding the agency channel. Moreover, we will implement a product strategy that promotes improvement in quality of life
while we expand cross-industry collaboration in anticipation of changes in social and customer needs. Through these efforts, we aim to increase the value of new business and maintain profit levels.
    The environment surrounding the life insurance industry is changing dramatically due to such factors as the diversification of customers’ lifestyles, the decline in the working age population, the arrival of a super-aging society, and technological innovation.
In-line with our mission “By your side, for life,” we have established a multi-brand, multi-channel structure to deliver products and services developed by our three domestic companies, Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life, through optimal channel (Total Life Plan Designers, independent agents, bancassurance, walk-in insurance shops, etc.) to respond quickly and accurately to the changing social
Initiatives to Improve Quality of Life for All
environment and customer needs.
Moreover, in order to provide customers with high-value-
added products and services and to build an efficient administrative system, we are making Group-wide efforts to promote our highest priority management strategy, InsTech, which leverages cutting-edge technology.
The Dai-ichi Life Group will continue to offer the four values (“protection,” “asset-building,” “health promotion,” and “enhancing connections”) that contribute to the improvement of people’s quality of life through products, propositions and services that suit each individual customer.
Value of New Business in the Domestic Life Insurance Business
Adjusted Profit in the Domestic Life Insurance Business
      CAGR mid- single digits
Maintain levels
   Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2020 objective
Medium- to long-term outlook
Fiscal 2017 (Excluding one-time factors)
Fiscal 2020 objective
Medium- to long-term outlook
 Reflecting on the First Year of CONNECT 2020
 More secure, in your own way.
By your side for life, “Just Right” for your lifestyle
Contribute to the improvement in quality of life for all people throughout Japan
• Dai-ichi Life
Dai-ichi Life has promoted customer-first consulting for its multi-brand, multi-channel strategy to accommodate the diverse needs of its customers. As a product and service that contributes to the improvement of our customers’ quality of life we released Just (March 2018) and dementia insurance (December 2018). They have been well received by a majority of our customers. In addition, as a result of promoting products across our three domestic brands (Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life), annualized net premiums of new business for Dai-ichi Life Group products sold through Dai-ichi Life’s channels increased by 58.2% year on year.
Annualized Net Premiums of New Business for Three Domestic Life Insurance Brands (Sold by Dai-ichi Life)
Moreover, we enhanced support to financial institution agencies and expanded sales channels and agency training. As a result of these efforts, policy amount in force steadily increased, and Dai-ichi Frontier Life firmly maintained its position as a top runner in the bancassurance channel single- premium market.
Policy Amount in Force (Dai-ichi Frontier Life)
     Protection
Products
Health Check-up Discount
Asset-Building
Health Promotion
Enhancing Connections
Services
Up-to-date advice based on health checkup results
Check for future disease risk
(Cancer, stroke, myocardial infarctions and diabetes)
(Billion yen)
9,000 6,000 3,000
0
           Propositions
Find what’s “just right” through optimized consulting
(Billion yen)
250 200 150 100
50 0
241
Fiscal 2018
7,618.6
End of fiscal 2017
8,870.6
End of fiscal 2018
           JUST
Health promotion app
152.3
Fiscal 2017
158.2% YoY
• Neo First Life
With Neo First Life having steadily achieved growth largely through the enhancement of protection under its flagship medical insurance products and the expansion of its commissioned agents, in addition to the increase of new policies its policies in-force topped 200,000.
Number of New Policies (Neo First Life)
   Dai-ichi Frontier Life Savings-type products
Neo First Life Medical insurance
• Dai-ichi Frontier Life
In releasing Premier Story 2, a new product that accommodates inheritance needs and longevity risk, we further enhanced our product lineup that serves to improve our customers’ quality of life primarily through asset-building and wealth succession in this 100-year Life Society.
  Strengthen relationships with regions
(No. of policies)
150,000 100,000 50,000 0
Collaborating with all 47 prefectures and municipalities in Japan
120,137
       Utilization of cutting-edge technology
Mutual cooperation with partners and networking with other industries
51,550
  33 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 34
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

  Summary of Business
 Initiatives Under Connect 2020
Sense of security in later life
Promote health for all
Stability through insurance
Building a safe and secure community
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
 Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Further Development of a Multi-Brand and Multi-Channel Structure
 Product Strategies Contributing to Improvement of Quality of Life
By identifying changes in the social environment and prevailing needs, the Group strives to offer optimal products and services to every customer using the most convenient channel. In this sense, in addition to enhancing the Total Life Plan Designers’ consulting capabilities, the Group will work to improve convenience for customers by evolving its multi-channel structure, including proactive expansion of agency channels and collaboration with affinity groups. Examples of that
Multi-Brand and Multi-Channel Structure
evolution include making Alpha Consulting Co., Ltd. a subsidiary and enhancing new commissioned agents.
Moreover, the Group will expand mutual distribution of products and services across Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life while working to further expand and evolve the multi-brand structure by also providing products from its partners Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc., Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd., and ipet Insurance Co., Ltd.
In addition to improving quality of life for all customers with products and services that provide new added value, we continue
to take on the challenges facing Japan, such as extending healthy lifespans, by providing support for health promotion.
      Protection
Dai-ichi Life
JUST
        Health Promotion
Dai-ichi Life
1st in the Industry1
Health Check-up Discount
Health Promotion App
          Dai-ichi Frontier Life
 Asset- Building
Savings-type products
     Notable improvement in flexibility of combining various insurance coverage through a drastic review of product design to provide protection that perfectly fits each customer needs
Introduction of new benefits for complications of diabetes, which can lead to many diseases
Non-life insurance products are provided through a comprehensive business alliance with Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc., cancer insurance through a business alliance with Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd., and pet insurance products through a business alliance with ipet Insurance Co., Ltd.
Customers throughout Japan
     Provides extensive support for healthy customers as well as those who are trying to improve their health
Promotes improvement in lifestyle habits and prevention of serious medical conditions through early detection and treatment by encouraging health checkup (as a result, also contributes to curbing social security benefit expenses)
Kenko Daiichi (health first) app provides information on one’s health condition and future risks based on health checkup results
Health insurance premium rates are applicable when certain health condition criteria are met, such as smoking habits
Premiums calculated based on “Kenko Nenrei ® 2
Asset-building geared toward sense of security for the future and well-being, and family inheritance
Banks and Securities Companies
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Provide Products
Dedicated Channel, RM*
Independent Agents
Walk-in Shops, Banks
Neo First Life
Direct, Affinity
Other Brands
Provide products from other than the three brands
     Neo First Life
        Medical insurance
   Provide Products
   1 Based on research by Dai-ichi Life as of February 2018. The first product in the life insurance industry to provide a discount for submitting health checkup results. 2 Kenko Nenrei ® (Health Age) is a registered trademark of JMDC Inc.
Initiatives that leverage cutting-edge technologies
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Connecting and Bonding
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
* Relationship manager (sales representative for corporate customers)
  The Dai-ichi Life Group strives to create prosperous and secure lives, while seeking sustainable development together with local communities as a good corporate citizen. We continue to
Contribution to resolving Local Issues
Partnerships with all 47 prefectures (agreements concluded)
Expanding initiatives in local communities
Sponsorship project for public marathons nationwide
contribute solving various local issues through our approximately 40,000 Total Life Plan Designers and around 1,300 offices throughout Japan.
Partnerships Expansion
Based on the diversification of lifestyles, we are proactively working to expand our partnerships with companies in other industries and with various organizations to further diversify channels to reach customers and enhance the value leading to quality of life improvement.
As part of such efforts, we have concluded information enlightenment agreements with all national centers, and have established an information-communications network that is capable of providing accurate information on diseases that seriously impact health.
Cross-Industry Collaboration
  Nihon Chouzai Co.
Rakuten Life Insurance Co. Nihon Sumo Kyokai
    Support for the Elderly
To resolve various issues that local communities in Japan are facing, we have concluded agreements with municipalities across Japan in a wide range of fields that include taking care of the elderly, and promote the development of improved local communities through partnerships.
Empowering Women
We attract daycare centers by utilizing real estate that we own across Japan to solve the issue of waiting children for entering daycare centers.
Information Networks with Six National Institutions
     Training Course for Dementia supporters
Uchu Daycare Center Kamakura
National Cancer Center Japan
National Center for Global Health and Medicine
National Center for Child Health and Development
National Center of Neurology and Psychiatry
National Cerebral and Cardiovascular Center
National Center for Geriatrics and Gerontology
        35 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 36
    Vitalize Communities
Support for the Elderly
Sports Promotion
Empowering Women
Children/ Education
Health Promotion
Safety/ Disaster Prevention
Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

   Summary of Business
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Where We Are and Our Strategy in the Market
Progress of CONNECT 2020
CONNECT 2020 Strategy
In its overseas life insurance business, the Group is aiming to resolve the social challenges each country faces and contribute to the stability of peoples’ lives through its life insurance business.
In developed markets where Protective and TAL operate, the Group will pursue diversification of channels and new growth opportunities leading to stable contribution to profit, while in emerging markets in Asia, we will focus on the topline and aim to expand market share through enhancement of existing sales channels and collaboration with new business partners. Furthermore, the Group is promoting efficient business development utilizing the knowledge and resources of Group companies in the region for new growth opportunities in the Asian markets.
Value of New Business in the Overseas Life Insurance Business
CAGR 10%-20% Range
Adjusted Profit in the Overseas Life Insurance Business
CAGR Approx. 20%
     In developed markets, such as North America, stable growth is expected through economic growth and other factors. Growth is expected to continue for emerging markets in Asia and other regions due to the remarkable economic growth and increases in insurance penetration rates.
The Dai-ichi Life Group is building a portfolio in its overseas life insurance business that strikes a balance between stable contribution to profits in developed markets and positive
Overseas Life Insurance Business Strategy
impact of growth over the medium- to long-term in emerging Asian markets. The Group also strikes a balance between its growth strategy and capital policy through its efforts in ERM* that take into account the balance between growth stage and capital level of each company while aiming for profit growth over the medium- to long-term.
* Enterprise risk management (ERM) is an effort to increase capital efficiency and corporate value by formulating strategies based on profit, capital, and risks while taking into account the types and characteristics of those risks.
Developed Countries
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2020 objective
Medium- to long-term outlook
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2020 objective
Medium- to long-term outlook
        Emerging Countries
      Early Stage
Cambodia
Myanmar
Established preparation company in May 2019
India
Indonesia
Developing Markets
Vietnam
Thailand
Australia
Developed Markets
U.S.A.
        Reflecting on the First Year of Connect 2020
   Growth Strategy
37 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 38
Gain pioneer advantage for growth in the future
Expand market share and reinforce existing sales channels focusing on topline growth
Maintain sustainable growth
while driving profit growth in overseas life insurance business/ Pursue new growth opportunities
Dai-ichi Life Cambodia commences business
  The Group’s overseas life insurance business has continued to grow steadily since the Group expanded its business into Vietnam in 2007. The business has grown to the extent that it posted 46.9 billion yen in Group adjusted profit for fiscal 2018, or approximately 20% of the Group total.
In developed markets, in addition to efforts such as reinforcing our existing channels, Protective acquired in-force blocks from Liberty Life in May 2018 and from Great-West in June 2019. In February 2019, TAL acquired the life insurance business of the Suncorp Group and has been steadily contributing to Group profit.
In emerging Asian markets, we concentrated on business growth in each country while focusing on our topline by reinforcing various channels, such as individual insurance agents at Dai-ichi Life Vietnam, etc.
In the early-stage Mekong region, Dai-ichi Life Cambodia commenced life insurance operations. Moreover, in Myanmar, we became the only Japanese life insurance company to acquire a provisional life insurance business permit for a wholly owned subsidiary, and established a preparation company in May
2019, demonstrating that we have proceeded with endeavors to commence operations in the region on a full scale.
Adjusted Profit in the Overseas Life Insurance Business
(Billion yen)
50
25
0
Protective TAL
Other
    Capital Strategy
Invest limited capital
Invest capital to support growth
Generate cash flows and invest capital to seize opportunities for growth
46.8
Fiscal 2017
46.9
Fiscal 2018
     Group Adjusted Profit
4%
19% 76%
2018
236.3 billion
Domestic life insurance business Overseas life insurance business Asset management business
     Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Summary of Business
 CONNECT 2020 Initiatives
Protective
Steady profit contribution driven by retail and acquisitions
For retail operations (life insurance and individual annuities), we enhanced cross-sales with major financial institutions to promote organic growth, in addition to reinforcing our existing sales channels. For acquisition operations, following the acquisition of in-force blocks from Liberty Life in May 2018, Protective acquired in-force blocks of individual insurance and annuities from Great-West, marking the fourth acquisition since Protective became a part of the Dai-ichi Life Group.
TAL
Top position for six years and Suncorp life acquisition
Going forward, while focusing on integration of these large-scale acquisitions, we will continue to aim for further profit growth through new acquisitions.
U.S.A.
Independent agents, securities companies, bancassurance and direct sales
627.6 billion yen 2,936
cross-sales with the Suncorp Group to realize steady growth.
* Based on the annualized net premiums from in-force as of December-end, 2018
Australia
Independent advisors, direct sales
287.5 billion yen 2,014
Vietnam
Individual insurance agents and bancassurance
57.1 billion yen 1,382
Dai-ichi Life Cambodia
First subsidiary of Japanese life insurance company
In Cambodia, Dai-ichi Life Cambodia was established in March 2018 as the country’s first subsidiary of a Japanese life insurance company and commenced operations in April 2019. Going forward, Dai-ichi Life Cambodia will strive to expand market share by developing distribution channels.
Star Union Dai-ichi Life
Promotion of growth in earnings through reinforcing bancassurance channels
Star Union Dai-ichi Life aims to boost its topline and earning capability through greater collaboration with joint venture partners, strengthening of wholesalers, and the training of highly efficient staff in sales representative (fixed salary) channels.
Panin Dai-ichi Life
Sustainable growth by reinforcing sales channels
Panin Dai-ichi Life aims to improve the topline and profitability by recruiting and developing more individual insurance agents, and enhancing sales promotion structure for bancassurance channels.
OCEAN LIFE
Positive growth through individual insurance agent channels development
OCEAN LIFE aims for sustainable growth through reinforcing the foundation for future growth that involves continuous recruitment and training of new personnel for the individual agency channel, expanding capabilities of leaders, and workplace development.
Stability through insurance
Cambodia
Individual insurance agents and bancassurance
– 41
India
Bancassurance and individual insurance agents
32.1 billion yen 2,810
Indonesia
Individual insurance agents and bancassurance
30.1 billion yen 348
Thailand
Individual insurance agents
44.7 billion yen 1,870
       Country of Location
 Major Sales Channels
 Premium and other income 1
 Number of employees
      Country of Location
 Major Sales Channels
 Premium and other income 1
 Number of employees
             Country of Location
 Major Sales Channels
 Premium and other income 1
 Number of employees
        TAL has held the top position* in terms of annualized net premiums from in-force in Australia’s protection-type insurance market for six straight years since 2013 by reinforcing the foundation of existing channels.
Going forward, in addition to diversifying sales channels, products, and services, TAL will continue to steadily carry out the integration of the life insurance business acquired from Suncorp Group, which was completed in February 2019, as well as promote
    Country of Location
 Major Sales Channels
 Premium and other income 1
 Number of employees
        Country of Location
 Major Sales Channels
 Premium and other income 1,2
 Number of employees
         Dai-ichi Life Vietnam
  Continuous topline growth to become top foreign life insurer
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam expanded market share by strengthening the individual insurance agent channel through extensive training and expansion of sales networks, while developing alternative channels. It acquired the top market share among foreign life insurers in terms of first year premium for 2018.
Going forward, we will continue to aim for sustainable growth by expanding sales and improving quality.
1: Based on the exchange rate as of fiscal year end for each company 2: Including deposit replacement products
   Country of Location
 Major Sales Channels
 Premium and other income 1
 Number of employees
       Country of Location
 Major Sales Channels
 Premium and other income 1
 Number of employees
          39 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 40
     Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

   Summary of Business
Asset Management Business
Dai-ichi Life’s Asset Management
Securing Stable Investment Returns
Dai-ichi Life conducts asset management with a focus on ALM that is based on the nature of its insurance policies (insurance liabilities), mainly investing in fixed-income assets in order to fulfill its obligation to pay out claims and benefits over a long term in a stable manner. We also strive to increase profitability by flexibly allocating capital to risk assets while taking market trends into account and most importantly ensuring overall financial soundness.
In addition, we are also focused on responsible
investment as an institutional investor based on our social
responsibilities. As part of these efforts, we carry out
stewardship activities that aim to enhance the corporate value
of investees and ESG investment* that balances social
responsibilities and profitability.
* ESG investment: An approach to investment that considers environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) criteria
Reflecting on the First Year of CONNECT 2020
 While interest rates remain low in Japan, markets have become more volatile with the impact of US interest rates policy change and trade wars between the US and China. In such an environment, we worked to bolster earnings capability and diversify risk through such means as flexibly allocating funds to risk assets in accordance with market trends and expanding investment to project finance and other new and growing sectors. Through these initiatives, we marked the sixth consecutive year of positive spread.
CONNECT 2020 Initiatives
Positive Spread
(Billion yen)
150
100
50
0
Achieved sixth consecutive years of positive spread
     69.2 28
97.8
Fiscal 2015
136.7
126.3
Fiscal 2018
72.1
   Asset Composition (General Accounts)
* In terms of book value
Others Real estate
Foreign-currency bonds (un-hedged)
Fiscal 2013
Fiscal 2014
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
  3%
3%
Cash, deposits and call loans, etc.
  7%
Other
March 31, 2019
Contribute to society
   Progress of CONNECT 2020
CONNECT 2020 Strategies
Under the current low-interest rate environment, which will likely continue for a while, we have adopted a basic policy of simultaneously controlling market risk and elevating our earnings capability through balanced asset management.
More specifically, we will shift some of our traditional assets in the form of stocks and bonds to alternative and real assets to further diversify our asset portfolio and boost our earnings capability under a low-interest rate environment.
Through these initiatives, we will continue to meet the expectations of stakeholders by ensuring stable earnings power and soundness while contributing to resolving social issues.
Alternative/ real assets*
Others assets
Risk assets
16%
Stocks
 10%
Government and corporate bonds
Customers
Communities and society
  Loans
49%
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Reorganization Aimed at Reinforcing Alternative and Real Asset Investment
7%
Foreign-currency bonds (hedged)
Fixed income assets
In April 2019, Dai-ichi Life established the Alternative Investment Department and the Corporate and Structured Finance Department. We are bolstering our investments in alternative and real assets for diversification to secure stable earnings.
We will take a more proactive approach toward investing in hedge funds, private equity funds, and venture funds in terms of alternative assets and in project finance and real estate in terms of real assets.
Reorganization of the departments handling investments
Details of the reorganization
Assets Targeted for Investment
• Listed stocks
• Hedge funds
• PE funds
• Unlisted stocks
• Corporate lending • Project finance
• Japanese government bonds/regional bonds
• Domestic corporate bonds
• Foreign government bonds
• Foreign corporate bonds
• Real estate
 p. 29
ESG Investment
Fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2019 Newly-established
Newly-established
Fixed Income Investment Department
  Alternative Investment Department
 Loan Department
     Corporate and Structured Finance Department
    Risk
Fixed income assets
Traditional assets
Investment in real estate (Toranomon 2-Chome Area Category 1 Urban Redevelopment Project)
Loans and investments for project finance (Renewable energy-related projects)
Fixed Income Investment Department
 Global Fixed Income Investment Department
  * Assets that exhibit different price movements compared to traditional assets and have relatively high expected returns. Improvement in profitability and stability can be expected when incorporating such assets into the portfolio.
Balance
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Sophistication of Asset Management through Introduction of a Cutting-Edge Management System
Business partners
Group companies
  Strategic Market Risk Control Based on Market Trends
Improvement in earnings capability through balanced management (Fixed income assets + risk assets)
Dai-ichi Life is the first Japanese life insurance company to make the decision to implement a cutting-edge asset management system known as BlackRock Aladdin. By
introducing this new system, we will step up our portfolio analysis and flexibility in our investment judgments to pursue greater returns.
Real Estate Department
  Reduction of market risk
(Stock and interest rate risk)
Establishment of an efficient hedge position
Bolstering of alternative/real asset investment Introduction of a cutting-edge asset management system
 41 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 42
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

    Summary of Business
Asset Management Business
Asset Management Business
Where We Are and Our Strategy in the Market
Reflecting on the First Year of CONNECT 2020
  At both Asset Management One and Janus Henderson, we moved forward with initiatives aimed at growing profit and expanding Group synergy. In addition to supplying greater asset management capability to our domestic Group life insurance companies, competitive asset management products were offered to Protective in the U.S.A. and TAL in Australia,
CONNECT 2020 Initiatives
expanding synergies within the Group.
Moreover, for the first time, Dai-ichi Life and Janus
Henderson jointly developed a solution provision-type product for Japanese corporate pensions. Since the release of this product (Balance Fund Three) in April 2019, we have seen steady growth in assets under management.
             The asset management business at the Dai-ichi Life Group is carried out by Asset Management One, a joint venture with Mizuho Financial Group in Japan, and Janus Henderson Group (Janus Henderson) in global markets, primarily the U.S.A. and the U.K.
The global asset management market is a huge market exceeding 9,000 trillion yen, and high growth in this market is expected to continue due to rising retirement needs in developed countries and economic growth in emerging countries.
History of the Asset Management Business
Entering into the asset management business, the Dai-ichi Life Group aims to benefit from the high market growth prospects and high profitability of asset management companies. In addition, we are pursuing unique Group synergy effects by providing expertise and advanced asset management capabilities of asset management companies to Group life insurance companies in Japan and overseas, accepting funds for management, co-developing products and other efforts.
Sense of security in later life
Stability through insurance
 Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Participation in Real Estate Asset Management Projects
 To leverage the real estate resources of the Dai-ichi Life Group and further expand its Asset Management Business, the Group and Sohgo Housing Co., Ltd. jointly established a new company called Dai-ichi Life Realty Asset Management Co., Ltd. in July 2019.
By the first half of fiscal 2020, this company seeks to form private-placement REITs whose investment targets will be real estate that contributes to the improvement of quality of life at the residences and for the people who inhabit them. Taking advantage of the real estate investment expertise of the Dai-ichi Life Group, Dai-ichi Life Realty Asset Management will offer high-quality investment opportunities to institutional investors in Japan.
Group Collaboration within the Real Estate Asset Management Business
               Japan
U.S.A. Europe
Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. Mizuho Asset Management Co., Ltd. Shinko Asset Management Co., Ltd.
2012: Business alliance and investment
March 31, 2019 Assets under management
Property supply
Established in July 2019
Scheduled to commence operation in fiscal 2020 first half
Personnel dispatch
Capital investment
Capital investment and personnel dispatch
Property supply
 1999: Launched
October 2016: Management integration
May 2017:
Management integration
52 trillion yen
Property management Consignment
    March 31, 2019 Assets under management
Dai-ichi Life Realty Asset Management
Management
Private placement REIT investment corporation
Investment Dividends
Institutional investors (Financial institutions, pension funds, etc.)
     * Total assets under management translated into yen using the exchange rate as of March 31, 2019
Progress of CONNECT 2020
CONNECT 2020 Strategies
Going forward, the Dai-ichi Life Group aims to expand profit, benefitting from considerable profit growth at both Asset Management One and Janus Henderson.
In addition, we will further reinforce joint product development within the Group and other forms of collaboration. In addition, we will increase the provision of competitive asset management capabilities and solutions to Group life insurance companies in Japan and overseas as we continue further accelerating initiatives aimed at creating Group synergy effects.
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Social Value Creation through Improving Quality of Life
40 trillion yen
   connection between our asset management business and Group companies in our life insurance business in Japan and overseas.
Asset building needs
Offer insurance products
  Asset Management Business Adjusted Profit
We will aim to increase the social value we create by meeting the needs of even more customers for asset building, and contributing to improving quality of life by creating a stronger
Role of Asset Management Business
   Customers
Coverage needs
        Offer investment products (Mutual funds, etc.)
Domestic Life Insurance Business
■ Offer competitive investment solutions
■ Co-development products for the separate account with Dai-ichi Life
Overseas Life Insurance Business
 Significant Increase
Fiscal 2020 objective
■ Offer competitive investment solutions Provide investment capabilities
  Fiscal 2017
Medium- to long-term outlook
Asset Management Business
  Mutual use of investment products and sales channels
Initiatives aimed at the Real Estate Asset Management Business
      Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives
Dai-ichi Life Realty Asset Management
 43 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 44
Dai-ichi Life Group

   New Customer Experience CX: Customer Experience
Productivity Improvement EX: Employee Experience
 ■Transforming the insurance pool and providing Quality of Life services Protection & Prevention
■Enhancing CX throughout the customer journey
 ■Enhancing EX In business processes
■Raising operational efficiency
Traditional Val
ue Provided
Death coverage, health coverage, asset-building
Expanding Business Domains
 ■Selling Quality of Life services (healthcare, elderly, etc.) externally
  The Group refers to initiatives for unique innovation in the life insurance business as “InsTech,” representing a combination of the insurance business and technology, and promotes strategically important group-wide initiatives.
With InsTech, we are working to provide a new customer experience (CX), to enhance productivity (EX: employee experience), and to expand our insurance business domains, in addition to providing the traditional value of an insurance company, such as death coverage, etc.
In April 2018, the Group established Dai-ichi Life Innovation Labs in Shibuya, Tokyo and Silicon Valley, U.S. as part of its efforts to create new added value in these domains by repeatedly conducting small-scale proof-of-concept studies in a flexible manner.
 ■Building a home cloud ■Strengthening data management
  Ulcerative colitis, colon polyps, uterine fibroids, endometriosis
Liver function-related, hypertension-related,arrhythmia
Diabetes-related, rheumatoid arthritis, chronic nephritis, bronchial asthma, etc.
  ■Universities that have concluded collaboration agreements or are engaging in joint research (as of July 2019) • Kyoto University • Fujita Health University • Shiga University • Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University
• Tokyo University of Science
■Main objectives
• Training data scientists • Discovery of cutting-edge technologies • Joint research in health and medical fields, etc.
 Value Creation Initiatives
Fostering Innovation
Insurance × Technology
Promote health for all
Our Vision for InsTech
Stability through insurance
Development of cutting-edge technology
       Providing a New Customer Experience (CX)
Analysis and Utilization of Medical Big Data
The Group has reviewed underwriting standards based on analysis of medical big data from internal and external sources. As a result, it now underwrites approximately 38,000 additional policies a year, which is approximately 3%* of all Dai-ichi Life’s new policies. In addition, the Group has developed new products and services based on the results of analysis of medical big data. Examples of such products are Health Age® (using health age) and Health Checkup Discount.
Going forward, the Dai-ichi Life Group aims to contribute
to improving quality of life and promoting extension of a healthy
lifespan using big data analysis.
* People covered by multiple insurance policies are counted as one policy for products from April 2018.
Expanding Insurance Coverage through the Analysis of Big Data
2017 2018 2019
Fiscal 2018: additional 38 thousand policies 45 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Enhancing Productivity (EX)
More User Friendly and Higher
Productivity Through Innovation
The Group is working to increase convenience for customers by digitalization of various administrative processes and to raise productivity by introducing robotic process automation (RPA) and AI technologies. Already, RPA and AI are handling 460 tasks and at least 132,000 hours of work (as of March 31, 2019).
Through these initiatives and related measures such as work-style reform, the Group will shift an equivalent of 2,100 people to growth areas over the coming five years including the term of the current medium-term management plan.
Productivity Improvement (Including Work-style Reform)
Expanding Business Domains
Providing Health Promotion Services Outside
the Group
In June 2018, QOLead, Limited was established as a wholly owned subsidiary of Dai-ichi Life Holdings. In addition to transferring health promotion services, such as Dai-ichi Life’s Kenko Daiichi (health first) app to QOLead, we have also been providing health promotion services to JAPAN POST INSURANCE Co., Ltd. through QOLead since January 2019. Moreover, in October 2019, as an add-on to Dai-ichi Life group insurance, we will launch a service targeting corporate clients to support health management.
Going forward, we will continue developing and considering a variety of health promotion services in collaboration with other companies to expand our customer reach.
Providing Health Promotion Services to JAPAN POST INSURANCE through QOLead
Building infrastructure to support above initiatives
Accelerating Open Innovation
Promoting Human Capital Development and Expanding Industry–Academia Collaboration
In addition to the Group’s internal resources, we are actively collaborating with other companies, research institutions, and start-ups that have knowledge and ideas from other fields to accelerate the creation of groundbreaking innovation.
Moreover, we are also striving to develop human capital to drive future innovation through discovering talent by holding contests and expanding industry-academia collaboration.
InsTech
Open Innovation Business Contest 2019
Annual Report 2019 46
       1–2 years
3 years
5 years
Hundreds
Around 1,000
2,100 people
Dai-ichi Life
           Health promotion app
JAPAN POST INSURANCE (Co., Ltd)
  Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

   By ensuring financial soundness and improving capital efficiency through the optimal allocation of capital,
we aim for sustainable enhancement of corporate value and further improvement of shareholder returns.
Tatsusaburo Yamamoto
Managing Executive Officer Corporate Planning Unit
   Enterprise Risk Management
Profit
Capital
Risk
 Group Adjusted Profit Growth
Domestic Life Overseas Life Asset Management
         Improving capital efficiency
Improving shareholder returns
Ensuring financial soundness
Stable ESR range of 170–200%
  ROEV
ROEV of ESR at least 8%
Sustainable enhancement of corporate value and further improvement in shareholder returns
     Value Creation Initiatives
Capital Policies and ERM
 Basic Approach to Capital Policies
The Dai-ichi Life Group bases its capital policy on the enterprise risk management (ERM) framework, aiming for sustainable enhancement of corporate value and further improvement of shareholder returns.
Along with adequate control of risks surrounding the
Our Capital Policies and Medium- to Long-Term Vision
Risk control
Dai-ichi Life
(Assets) interest rate/equity risk (liabilities) policies with high assumed rate of return, etc.
Group’s business, we promote profit growth by ensuring financial soundness and improving capital efficiency through provision of returns to the holding company and internal reserves that are in line with the growth stage of each Group company. We also implement investment aimed at the growth of the Group, utilizing external procurement as necessary and balanced allocation of capital to strengthen the capital base.
Improving Capital Efficiency by Controlling Risk and Growth Investment
The main business risks for the Dai-ichi Life Group are insurance risk and financial market risk associated with long- term life insurance policies. In view of recent changes in the surrounding environment, the Group is working to improve capital efficiency by generating new capital by controlling risk and utilizing this capital for growth investment.
In terms of controlling risk, the Group has been working to curb financial market risk. This includes maintaining the durations of bonds held by Dai-ichi Life and continual sales of shares amid the prolonged low interest rate environment in Japan. In fiscal 2018, Dai-ichi Life ceded in-force policy blocks with high historical assumed interest rates to a reinsurance company for the first time, strengthening risk control on both the asset and liability fronts.
In terms of growth investment, conditional upon ensuring stable financial soundness, the Group utilizes a portion of internal reserves to engage in investment that strengthens the competitiveness of existing business and expands and diversifies the business portfolio. In fiscal 2018, the Group made two acquisitions in the overseas life insurance business, one in the U.S. and one in Australia (total investment of approximately 185.0 billion yen) that will lead to the future growth of Group profit.
In terms of capital efficiency, we aim for a rate of growth in EV (ROEV), an indicator of corporate value for life insurance companies, of 8% over the medium- to long-term, and we have achieved annualized average change of 10.2% over the nine- year period from demutualization up to March 31, 2019. Going forward, we aim to improve further capital efficiency through appropriate risk control and growth investment that effectively utilizes generated capital and cash flow.
Ensuring Stable Financial Soundness
Given the trends in international capital regulations, in addition to the solvency regulations, which are the current standard of soundness for domestic insurance companies, the Dai-ichi Life Group is appropriately controlling soundness by adopting the economic solvency ratio (ESR), a soundness indicator based on economic value that evaluates the market value of assets and liabilities. The Group aims for an economic solvency ratio that is stable in the 170–200% range over the medium- to long-term, which is the same level as major global insurance companies. As of March 31, 2019, our economic solvency ratio was 169%.
In addition, in fiscal 2018, the Company issued 85.0 billion yen in publicly offered perpetual subordinated notes to enhance the level and quality of the Group’s capital structure. This was the first such issuance by any domestic life insurance company group.
Aiming for Attractive Shareholder Return
Under the current medium-term management plan, the Dai-ichi Life Group has a basic policy of providing shareholder returns that matches profit growth with a target total payout ratio of 40% of Group adjusted profit through stable shareholder dividends and repurchase of the Company’s shares.
In terms of shareholder returns for fiscal 2018, given that the initial fiscal year of the medium-term management plan progressed steadily, shareholder dividends, which are the more direct form of returns, were increased from the initial forecast to 58 yen per share, an increase of 8 yen from the previous fiscal year. Together with the repurchase of the Company’s shares (up to 28.0 billion yen announced on May 15, 2019), we expect to achieve a total payout ratio of 40%.
Going forward, we aim to further improve shareholder returns as we get the business base in Japan and overseas, which we have been expanding and diversifying up until now, onto a growth trajectory, thereby strengthening the sustainable growth of Group profit and capital and cash flow generation capabilities.
Cash Flow of the Dai-ichi Life Group (Fiscal 2018)
Shareholder dividends
Internal reserves of Group companies
66.6 billion yen Shareholder
73.1 billion yen Internal
   return
reserves
40%
Group adjusted profit
236.3 billion yen
60%
 Repurchase of the Company’s shares
Internal reserves of the holding company
 Cash flow management
28.0 billion yen
Shareholder Return History
Cash dividends per share (Yen)
68.4 billion yen Total payout ratio
     Return of capital and cash to holding company
Reserves retained at each Group company
      Generation of group capital and cash flow
External procurement
Strengthen capital base
100 75 50
35
Share repurchase
23 billion yen 43
40
Share repurchase
39 billion yen 50
40 (%) 40
Share repurchase 30
28 billion yen
58
      Growth investment (new and existing businesses)
Dividends and share repurchases
30
Share repurchase
30
Share repurchase
16 billion yen
35
  20
 15 billion yen 25 28
10 00
Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018 (E)
* Total payout ratio = (total dividends to shareholders + total amount of the Company’s share repurchase) / Group adjusted profit (consolidated adjusted net income up to Fiscal 2015)
  47 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 48
Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives
Medium- to Long-Term Vision

    We will engage in forward-looking risk management that is integrated with management strategies to improve financial soundness and enhance corporate value.
Ichiro Okamoto
Managing Executive Officer
Risk Management Unit, Legal and Compliance Unit
  By respecting each other, learning from each other, and growing together, we will innovate and create new value through the efforts of 70,000 employees.
Sumie Watanabe
Executive Officer Human Resources Unit
   Material Risks for the Dai-ichi Life Group
1. Significant deterioration in financial markets (large fall in interest rates, etc.)
2. Major disaster, etc. (major earthquakes, pandemics, etc.)
3. Inability to adjust to changes in the environment
(population decline, changes in customer needs, etc.)
4. Brand damage arising from cyber-attacks, system
failures, etc.
5. Inadequate regulatory capital and decline in competitiveness associated with regulatory changes
 Value creation required by society and local communities
 Social and community issues in diverse fields
  Diversifying customer values and needs
  Value creation that matches the values and needs of each individual customer
 Organizations with diverse talents and values
  Value creation required by society and local communities
Value Creation Initiatives
Risk Management / Compliance
Value Creation Initiatives
Diversity and Inclusion
  Promotion of ERM and Risk Management
The Dai-ichi Life Group practices enterprise risk management (ERM), which is an approach to improve financial soundness and enhance corporate value simultaneously. While appropriate risk management is essential to achieve steady enhancement of corporate value, improvement in financial soundness of the Group cannot be achieved without steady enhancement of corporate value.
The Group engages in risk management focused on its goal of achieving steady enhancement of the Group’s corporate value and always keeps in mind that resolving social issues from a customer perspective will lead to sustainable enhancement in the Dai-ichi Life Group’s corporate value and ultimately lead to improvement of the financial soundness of the Group.
Risk Management Integrated with Management Strategies
The Dai-ichi Life Group promotes development and upgrading of risk management systems that are integrated with management strategies in close collaboration with Group companies so as to facilitate the appropriate identification and control of Group-wide risks. For example, in important projects with a material impact on the Group, such as M&A or development of new products, we cooperate with the department that is responsible for the project and take a risk management approach from the planning stage. We manage risk in parallel with the consideration and progress of the project.
Furthermore, in the rapidly changing environment surrounding the insurance business and ever higher customer expectations and intensified social demands, we strive for forward-looking, proactive awareness and control of risk to facilitate an appropriate response to the changes in the business environment and intensified social demands based on the recognition that failure to do so will result in a damage to the Group’s corporate value.
Identifying Material Risks
The Dai-ichi Life Group engages in appropriate risk management that begins from early signs of risks by identifying foreseeable risks that could have a major impact on our business and formulating business plans that take these risks into account.
The Dai-ichi Life Group must also have diverse talents and capable organization to anticipate diversifying customer values and needs as well as various local challenges in order to deliver products and services that truly delight customers and contribute to local communities. In this sense, the Group promotes diversity and inclusion with the objective to improve job satisfaction of each employee. Thus, implementing systems and work-style reforms that enable diverse work styles to be integrated with corporate culture and working environment to allow every single employee to leverage his/her uniqueness and to contribute in his/her own way in a good health and vitality.
Every employee will benefit from work-style reform,
Value Created by Diversity & Inclusion
human capital development, and promotion of diversity and inclusion and make them part of their daily work with respect for others. A single step of progress of an individual employee could be relatively small, but the steps forward of 70,000 employees can create an impact that leads to innovation and new value creation.
Respecting each other, learning from each other, growing together—We will aim to be a global insurance group that continues to be chosen in Japan and globally while growing into a corporate group with value-creating synergies and where diverse individualities shine.
Promotion of Compliance
With increasing globalization and significant changes in regulatory trends and social demands, it is increasingly important to ensure appropriate legal compliance in expanding businesses in Japan and overseas.
To respond to changing customer expectations and social demands premised on complying with laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation, and observing social norms and market rules, the Dai-ichi Life Group strives to identify potential conduct risks, and promotes forward-looking risk-based compliance. The Legal and Compliance Unit identifies material risks related to compliance, and provides monitoring and guidance for Group companies. Important matters related to compliance are reported to the Board of Directors, the president, the Executive Management Board, and the Audit & Supervisory Committee following deliberation at the Group Compliance Committee.
In addition, we have established internal whistleblowing desks which is independent from management (with an outside law firm), through which officers and employees of Group companies can directly report and consult on compliance, and necessary systems are in place for reporting to the Board of Directors, the president, the Executive Management Board, and the Audit & Supervisory Committee depending on the severity of such matters.
We aim to nurture talent and organizations full of diversity in order to provide products and services that match the ever-changing business environment and the diversifying values and needs of individual customers.
Collaboration with diverse partners, etc.
           49 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 50
Support for the Elderly
Children/ Education
Empowering Women
Disaster Prevention
Sports Promotion
Health Promotion
Vitalize Communities
Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Value Creation Initiatives
Global Diversity
Developing Global Human Capital and Accelerating Group Synergies
Promoting the Achievements of Female Employees
Creating a Workplace Environment and Developing Human Capital to Allow Employees to Achieve their Full Potential
The Group promotes initiatives based on three main themes, which are “transforming awareness and culture,” “enhancing skill development,” and “promoting work-life management.” The Group makes particular efforts to develop next-generation female leaders and strives to transform the awareness of female management candidates through directly involving executives in development and providing female role models who are in senior positions. Going forward, we have established a target to increase the percentage of female employees in managerial positions to “more than 25% of all managerial positions during the term of the medium-term management plan” and to “30% by the 2020s,” and we will continue to promote development and establishment of female leaders.
Promoting Active Participation of Employees with Disabilities
Empowerment Protect rights of women of workers
Promoting Active Participation of Veteran Employees
Long-Standing Experience and Skills as Company Assets
The Group has created systems targeting employees after retirement age to allow motivated and capable human capital with experience and skills developed over many years to actively contribute. As part of our career support system for middle-aged and older employees and assistance with post- retirement re-employment, the Group has also established a support program (Master Challenge Program) to enhance experience and skills prior to retirement age leading to smooth re-employment following retirement.
Improving Employees’ Quality of Life
Promoting Work-Life Management
     The Group has strengthened the development of global human capital with various initiatives, including capacity development through the Global Human Capital Development Programs and the intake of foreign students to secure and develop highly competitive human capital from a global perspective. In addition, we regularly hold conferences and training where overseas Group companies come together to engage in level- and function-specific networking and share best practices with the aim to create Group-wide synergies.
Global Human Capital Development Programs
Achieving Normalization
The Group proactively employs people with disabilities and create a comfortable working environment for them. The Group employs 967 people with disabilities nationwide. (As of June 2019, employees with disabilities make up 2.22% of our total workforce.)
Certified “Company Empowering the Disabled” (Dai-ichi Life Challenged) (2017)
  Promoting LGBT Understanding
 General Manager
Manager
Assistant Manager
Associate (includes
Global Leadership Program (GLP)
    Global Management Skills Development Program
   CASEC (Computerized Assessment System for English Language Communication)
 Chief Associate)
Global Talent Seeds (GTS)
  Training and Development System for Next-Generation Female Leaders
LGBT Friendly
   Level
  General Manager
Line Manager
Training and Development system
 President’s Seminar
 Seminar for the Next Generation of Female Managers
 Manager
Strengthening of Human Capital Development at Department Level for Developing Line Managers
 Assistant Manager
Development of Next-Generation Female Leaders
 Commitments by Executives
              51 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 52
Number of Female Executive Officers
25.6%
*6
In addition to clearly laying out respect for basic human rights in the Dai-ichi Life Human Rights Declaration, we push forward initiatives aimed at becoming an LGBT-friendly company, including promoting employee understanding through training and seminars and expanding eligibility for benefits like paid leaves and accommodation allowance.
Top Gold Rating on PRIDE Index Evaluation of LGBT Initiatives (2018)
At the Dai-ichi Life Group, the two main pillars to promote initiatives are our Family-Friendly System (measures to support work-life balance) and work-style reform. In addition to encouraging strategic utilization of measures to support the balance between work and
private affairs and
promoting teleworking, we
are striving to enhance
awareness of diverse work
styles through training
programs such as
unconscious bias training
as well as other measures.
Includes two internally promoted executive officers
Health & Productivity Stock Selection (2015)
Platinum “Kurumin” certification (2015)
Percentage of Female Managers
April 2019
Nadeshiko Brand (2018)
Total for the Company, including three domestic life insurance companies (Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life)
     Introduction
Management Strategies
Message from the President
Value Creation Process
Feature
Medium-term Management Plan
Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Business Initiatives
Development support by female senior leadership (role model)
Overseas Graduate Study and Trainee Program (Career Challenge Program)
Global Pool Assessment (GPA)
Global Talent Exchange (GTEX)
Short-term Foreign Student Program
Global On-the-job Training (OJT) Dispatch

    Climate Change Initiatives— Response to TCFD
    Climate-related risks and opportunities
Main impacts on business
       Physical risks
• Risks that consist of chronic physical risks (rise in average temperatures and sea levels, etc.) and acute physical risks (increase in abnormal weather, such as typhoons and flooding, etc.) which are associated with physical changes due to climate change
→Impacts could increase under the scenario of significant long-term increase in temperatures due to inadequate climate change countermeasures by each country
     Transition risks
• Risks that consist of market and technology risks (changes in consumption behavior, failure of investments in new technologies, etc.), policy and regulatory system risks (tightening of regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, etc.), and reputational risks (criticism of industry, changes in consumer choices, etc.), which are associated with the transition to a low carbon society
→Impacts could increase under the scenario of reductions in long-term increase in temperatures due to adequate climate change countermeasures, such as the development of new technologies and utilization of carbon recovery and storage technology
     Resource efficiency, products and services, Markets, etc.
• Corporate revenue opportunities associated with climate change, such as an expansion of the market contributing to solving climate change problems
     Initiatives as an operating
company
Fiscal 2011 Fiscal 2013
Established target for
Fiscal 2014
Fiscal 2015
CO2 emissions reduction
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2019
 Researched impact on amount of payments, such as insurance benefits and claims
Switched to renewable energy for electric power at Hibiya Head Office
  Initiatives as an institutional
investor
Donated CO2 emissions reduction to Tokyo metropolitan government
 Investment and loans related to renewable energy power generation (project finance, etc.) Investment in green bonds
ESG integration
(incorporation of ESG elements into the corporate evaluation process and dialogue with investee companies)
   Strengthened initiatives related to climate change
 Negative screening (coal-fired power generation project finance)
 Board of Directors
 Executive Management Board
  Group ERM Committee
Value Creation Initiatives
Strategies
(1) Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities and the Impact on Our Business
(Results of Trial Scenario Analysis at Dai-ichi Life, a core Group company)
Main Risks and Opportunities Affecting Business and Impact (Dai-ichi Life)
Promoting clean energy Improving energy efficiency
Tackling climate change
Improving corporate governance and risk management
 Issue Awareness
The awareness that environmental concerns, climate change in particular, are issues for the international community as a whole has increased with the Paris Agreement going into effect in 2016. The Dai-ichi Life Group, which operates life insurance and asset management businesses globally, also recognizes climate change as an important management issue that could significantly affect the lives and health of its customers, corporate activities, and social sustainability.
Based on such awareness, we positioned tackling climate change as one of the areas we will continually strengthen in CONNECT 20201, our medium-term management plan, and we are working on a variety of initiatives. Moreover, in addition to boosting management resilience through an assessment of the risks and opportunities posed by climate change, we announced our endorsement of the TCFD2 Recommendations in September 2018 in order to enhance corporate value through sound dialogue with stakeholders based on such disclosure.
1 Determined by the Board of Directors of Dai-ichi Life Holdings in March 2018 2 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
Stance on Governance/Risk Management
The Dai-ichi Life Group practices ERM with the aim of enhancing capital efficiency and corporate value based on strategies that are in accordance with the status of profit, capital, and risk. As a part of this, we identify foreseeable risks that could have a major impact on our business, formulate business plans that take these risks into account, and engage in risk management that responds appropriately to early signs of risk. We treat climate-related risk as a risk with the potential to have a serious impact on the Group in the future due to changes in the environment. The Group ERM Committee, which is composed of the officers responsible for the Risk Management Department and the Corporate Planning Department among others, conducts analysis and assessments, and then reports to the Executive Management Board and the Board of Directors periodically and monitors.3
In addition, Dai-ichi Life undergoes an annual assessment based on PRI4, which is the global standard for ESG investment. The initiative policy based on the results of this assessment is discussed at the Responsible Investment Committee, by majority comprised from external experts, and reported to the Executive Management Board to continually upgrade ESG investment.5
Risks
• •
•
•
•
Increase in insurance claims and benefits paid due to increase in heat strokes and infectious diseases associated with warming
Increase in insurance claims and benefits paid associated with increase in flooding due to typhoons, etc.
Decrease in value of investment in, and loans to companies with inadequate responses to environmental change, including the introduction of carbon taxes, damage to assets due to market and social environment changes, development of new technologies, and response to changes in consumer behavior
Increase in investment and loan opportunities in businesses and companies that contribute to solving the climate change problem, such as renewable energy businesses Reduction in business costs due to the introduction of business infrastructure with high resource efficiency
   Opportunities
(2) Specific Initiatives
  As an operating company and an institutional investor, Dai-ichi Life is boosting the resilience of its business against climate change as well as encouraging the enhancement of overall social resilience, which includes financial markets.
              Stance on Governance/Risk Management
3 For details on risk management, see https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/in_control/administer.html
4 Principles for Responsible Investment published by the United Nations in 2005
5 For details on the stance on promoting responsible investment, see
https://www.dai-ichi-life.co.jp/english/dsr/investment/ri.html
       53 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 54
Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Value Creation Initiatives
Initiatives as an Operating Company
Dai-ichi Life will strengthen resilience in the life insurance business through measures such as researching the impact of climate change on the life insurance business. Moreover, in addition to initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions, Dai-ichi Life will contribute to enhancing overall social resilience through initiatives such as environmental protection.
• Provisional estimates of increase in payments, including insurance claims, due to heat strokes and infectious diseases in Japan
• Going forward, continue to research other impacts in regions outside of Japan
• Established a CO2 emission reduction target in 2011. Promoting reductions in energy consumption associated with business site activities through introduction of energy-saving equipment, etc. to achieve target
• Introduced renewable energy (switched all electricity for the Hibiya Head Office building in Tokyo to renewable energy derived from hydro-electricity in April 2019 with an expected annual reduction in CO2 emissions of approximately 3,600t)
• Donated a 41,966t credit for excess CO2 emission reductions to Tokyo Metropolitan Government under the Cap-and-Trade Program to help with Tokyo Metropolitan Government efforts aiming for a Zero Emission Tokyo, a sustainable city with no CO2 emissions
Initiatives as an Institutional Investor
Based on the awareness that climate change could have a medium- to long-term impact on investment performance, Dai-ichi Life is upgrading its climate-related risk analysis and promoting initiatives to reduce that impact, obtain opportunities for profit, and boost overall social resilience.
• As a general rule, we have a policy of not investing in, or loaning to, coal-fired power generation project financing given the risk that the asset value of investee companies will decline due to the transition to a low carbon society (no record of investment in, or loans to, such projects to date)
• Introduced climate change factors into corporate evaluation processes to increase resilience of owned assets against climate change
• Proactively investing in assets, etc. that help solve the climate change problem
• Promoting disclosure of information based TCFD Recommendations through dialogue with investee companies
• Renewable energy project financing
Since fiscal 2013, Dai-ichi Life has been investing proactively in solar, wind, and biomass power generation projects in Japan and overseas, and our investment to date exceeds 100.0 billion yen.
• Investment in green bonds, etc. of international development financial institutions
In June 2019, Dai-ichi Life invested approximately 10.8 billion yen in both green bonds issued by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), part of the World Bank Group, and environmental conservation bonds issued by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD).
• First Japanese life insurance company to participate in Climate Action 100+
Dai-ichi Life joined a global initiative by institutional investors to engage in constructive dialogue on emissions reductions efforts and disclosure of information about those efforts with companies that have high levels of greenhouse gas emissions.
Indicators and Targets
Dai-ichi Life, which operates a large-scale business, has established medium- to long-term CO2 emission reduction targets of 40% by fiscal 2030 and 70% by fiscal 2050 (both compared to fiscal 2013). The Dai-ichi Life Group is also working toward a target of 1% year- on-year reductions in CO2 emissions. Performance in fiscal 2018 was approximately 155,300t (Scope 1: 12,500t and Scope 2: 142,800t), maintaining the target pace of a 1% year-on-year reduction.
• First Japanese Insurance Company to Join RE100*
Dai-ichi Life joined an international initiative that has set a goal of switching to 100% renewable energy from the perspective of promoting increased use of renewable energy to prevent global warming.
* RE100 (Renewable Energy 100%) was launched in 2014 under the leadership of The Climate Group, an international NGO. It operates in collaboration with CDP (a not-for-profit charity that collects information about action on climate change from businesses and provides it to investors).
The target is to procure 100% of the electricity consumed in business activities through renewable energy, and more than 190 of the world’s leading companies have joined as of August 2019.
  Resilience of the Life Insurance Business
    Overall Social Resilience (CO2 reduction, etc.)
   Topics Examples of Environmental Protection Initiatives
Supporting Three Urban Greening Awards
In 1990, Dai-ichi Life established the Green Environmental Plans Award to support urban greening initiatives. Dai-ichi Life now supports three awards, by adding the Green Cities Award and the Competition for Specialized Greening Technology for Rooftops and Wall Facings. Approximately 200 green spaces have been subsidized up until to 2018. As a result of this initiative, Dai-ichi Life received the Minister of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism’s Award for Service in Urban Greening in 2000 and 2014.
Planting Mangroves
Panin Dai-ichi Life (Indonesia) engages in activities to plant mangroves, which absorb large volumes of CO2 and act to protect the coastline from erosion. The company also puts efforts into activities to protect the natural environment, including sponsoring groups that carry out afforestation.
Forest Conservation
Protective (U.S.) works with natural environment protection groups carrying out activities to conserve the aquatic environment and ecosystems and preserve the beauty of nature in Alabama.
     Asset Management Resilience
  Overall Social Resilience
    55 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 56
     Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

        Corporate
Governance
 To fulfill responsibilities from multiple stakeholders the Dai-ichi Life Group will achieve sustainable growth and improve corporate value over the medium- to long-term by strengthening and enhancing its corporate governance system.
Improving corporate governance and risk management
              57 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 2019 58
          Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Interview with an Outside Director
Contributing to the Establishment of a Global- Standard and High-Quality Governance System
 also think that further development and improvement of governance system in Japan and overseas will become essential for future business expansion.
Enhancing Board of Directors effectiveness through constructive discussions from diverse viewpoints
Q Could you explain the composition of the outside directors?
Seven out of 16 members of the Company’s Board of Directors are outside directors. The backgrounds of the outside directors are diverse, being made up of people with a high level of insight and extensive experience in a variety of expert fields such as corporate management, finance, and law. I think that there is an extremely well-balanced selection of board members in the sense of being able to evaluate and judge the Dai-ichi Life Group’s various strategies in Japan and overseas from the required diverse standpoints.
business operations, including overseas locations, and having first-hand experience on the Company’s business is extremely meaningful, and I think that it deepens our discussions at the Board of Directors.
 Q
I serve as the chairman of the Nominations Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee. Both committees endeavor to make decisions through discussions that consider the perspectives of stakeholders, particularly shareholders, based on the clear background, concerning points, and challenges related to the decision matter. In addition, to enhance communication between the committees and the Board of Directors, since fiscal 2018, I have been reporting the main discussion points from both committees to the Board of Directors and plan to continue enhancing such collaboration. In addition, in fiscal 2018, the Remuneration Advisory Committee decided to revise the performance-linked remuneration scheme by introducing restricted stock remuneration. This scheme aims to incentivize directors through making officers’ responsibility more explicit for the Company’s performance and share price. Among other matters, the Nominations Advisory Committee discussed the ideal composition of the Board of Directors, and going forward we plan to deepen our discussions on matters such as succession planning.
Advancing efforts on both tangible institutional frameworks and intangible human capital to support overseas expansion
Q Please explain the governance system relating to overseas M&A.
Up until now, the Group has capitalized on the advantages of the holding company structure to steadily promote its growth strategy, including M&A. Recently, there have been several major M&As at the Company’s overseas businesses. Protective Life acquired in-force blocks from Liberty Life Assurance Company of Boston and Great-West Life & Insurance Annuity Company. And TAL acquired Suncorp’s life insurance business. The institutional frameworks for promoting such international M&A, such as due diligence, capital management, and risk management, are well established, and the outside directors were also involved in the discussions from an early stage.
Moreover, with the similar importance as with acquisitions Annual Report 2019 60
 Governance system for sustainable growth of the Group
Q
Q
It has been nearly three years since you took office as an outside director. How do you evaluate the evolution of the Group’s corporate governance system?
There is vigorous discussion incorporating the diverse knowledge of the outside directors at each Board of Directors meeting. Very frequently outside directors express their opinions, and I feel that the deliberation and constructive discussion from diverse standpoints have led to the enhancement of the Board of Directors effectiveness.
In addition, outside directors have raised various issues to enhance further Board of Directors effectiveness, which I think is leading to continuous improvements, such as the establishment of a follow up system on Board of Directors discussions, strengthening coordination between each committee and the Board of Directors, and provision of feedback on discussions in executive departments.
Providing information to the outside directors is significant and forms the precondition for these vigorous discussions. Apart from the shared materials and briefings prior to the Board of Directors meetings, information is also provided in different ways, including seminars on management issues, internal events, visits to business sites in various places. In fiscal 2018, we visited Dai-ichi Life Vietnam to exchange opinions with the management. There we also visited a sales office and clearly recognized that the knowledge and know-how accumulated in Japan was utilized by highly motivated local employees. Visiting
What are the features of the Dai-ichi Life Group governance system?
In the early days of the transition to the holding company structure, we went through some trial and error while establishing appropriate roles of the Board of Directors at the executive side and the supervisory side for a holding company rather than for an operating company. However, through our discussions on the formulation of the CONNECT 2020 Medium- Term Management Plan and overseas M&A, I recognized that the Group’s solid management system aimed at achieving the Group growth has been strengthened while maintaining an appropriate tension between execution and supervision roles. Also, as a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee, I think during the three-year period the Dai-ichi Life Group established its own distinctive mechanisms and style with a focus on the supervisory function.
On the other hand, given the changes in the business environment that could take place in the insurance industry, I believe, that the Company should foresee the possibilities and leverage the advantages of being a holding company more than ever and develop flexible measures for sustainable growth. I
Koichi Maeda
Outside Director
Please explain the Nominations Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee.
Q
In what ways do the outside directors take part in the discussions at the Board of Directors?
 Three years ago, in October 2016, the Dai-ichi Life Group transitioned to a holding company structure and established an Audit & Supervisory Committee, with the majority of committee members composed of outside directors. I think the main objectives in transitioning to this structure were to allow the Board of Directors of the holding company to flexibly execute business and allocate resources aimed at accelerating the growth of the entire Group based on the future growth strategy. Another aim was to make the Audit & Supervisory Committee responsible for overseeing and supervising the Board of Directors, and for the Board of Directors to clearly demonstrate its monitoring function. This governance design evolved from the prior Group-wide management structure established at The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited, the largest operating company in the Group, with sustainable growth in mind. Thus, I think, a solid governance system has been in place since the start of the holding company.
59 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

  Interview with an Outside Director
Corporate Governance
  proposals, I also focus on the progress of post-merger integration (PMI). I think that confirming whether the original objectives of an acquisition have been achieved, including on what processes the integration is promoted and when the results will appear, are useful for decision making when new M&A projects are proposed.
Q What are the important concerns for promoting further overseas expansion?
When talking with overseas life insurance business local management, I get the sense of willingness to understand the Dai-ichi Life Group’s values and culture along with a positive attitude toward contributing to the Group. To succeed in the overseas life insurance business, I think, it is extremely important to build up these kind of intangible efforts directed at alignment of corporate cultures in addition to the tangible efforts in terms of governance.
The life insurance business is a local business based on laws and regulations and the social security systems in each country. However, I believe there are many aspects such as know- how and systems that the Dai-ichi Life Group has cultivated in Japan and can be shared globally. Therefore, the Company has established the Global Leaders’ Committee, which brings together the management of overseas Group companies, to share the policy, philosophy, and knowledge of the Dai-ichi Life Group. It has also launched the Group Initiative Taskforce, which aims to enhance collaboration and resolve issues on an operational level. It may take time, but I believe that building connections between people and sharing corporate culture through such frameworks is a very positive measure for the Group.
Supporting Group initiatives that contribute to improvement of QOL
The Company has developed a system of corporate governance as stipulated in the Basic Corporate Governance Policy to ensure transparent, fair, prompt and bold decision- making while balancing supervision and management, in order to respond to the entrustment of its multi-stakeholders, such as customers, shareholders, society and employees, and to
Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
achieve sustainable growth and enhancement of corporate value over the medium- to long-term.
Basic Corporate Governance Policy/ Corporate Governance Report
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/basic.html
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Fiscal 2016
• Transitioned to a holding company structure (October 2016)
• Transitioned to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee (October 2016)
• Commenced self-assessment of the effectiveness of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Fiscal 2017
• Commenced self-assessment of the effectiveness of
Nominations Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee
Fiscal 2018
• Introduced a restricted stock remuneration scheme
Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
 Q
As an outside director, how do you plan to support Company initiatives for improving QOL?
The Dai-ichi Life Group stated in CONNECT 2020, the medium- term management plan, that it will contribute to the improvement of Quality of Life. Essentially, the life insurance business, with its contributions to the stability of people’s lifestyles, is a business with strong social aspect. In addition to this Group is trying to enhance its contributions in areas such as assets building and promoting health, and also ensuring sustainable community and social continuity. I believe that this is an extremely meaningful challenge in the sense that the Group will use its strengths as a company with a mission of “By your side, for life” to meet evolving customer needs based on a sound understanding of the business environment.
I think it is a sign that Group is not only providing protection and paying insurance benefits promptly, but also evolving into a company that is closer to customers, through initiatives such as health promotion, solving more diverse social issues by providing more value to customers through utilization of digital technology and establishing diverse partnerships.
While more sophisticated environment changes are expected, decision making on such initiatives needs to be unconventional, fair and just, as well as more flexible and speedier than ever before. Similarly, it is expected that more refined frameworks at a global standard will also be required for the Group’s governance.
Further development in these areas will be the Group’s challenge for achieving sustainable growth. As an outside director, I would continuously consider what is necessary for such development and would contribute to leveraging the advantages of being a holding company.
Fiscal 2010
• Listed its stock on the Tokyo
Stock Exchange (First Section)
Fiscal 2011
• Introduced share
remuneration-type stock options
Fiscal 2013
• Established the Advisory Board
Fiscal 2014
• Established Independence Standards
for Outside Directors
• Established an Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group
• Commenced self-assessment of effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Fiscal 2015
• Established a Basic Corporate
Governance Policy
  Corporate Governance Structure
Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
13 100%
100%
23
98.6%
1 year (2 years for Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
Nominations Advisory Committee, Remuneration Advisory Committee
(1) Basic remuneration, (2) Performance-linked remuneration, (3) Restricted stock remuneration (see p. 66)
KPMG AZSA LLC
As of June 21, 2019
 Corporate Governance Model
 Number of directors
 Number of directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members
 Number of Board of Directors’ meetings (fiscal 2018)
       Average attendance rate of outside directors
     Average attendance rate of outside Audit & Supervisory Committee members
 Number of Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings (fiscal 2018)
      Average attendance rate of outside Audit & Supervisory Committee members
 Term of office for directors
 Voluntary advisory bodies for the Board of Directors
 Remuneration systems for directors and officers
 Independent auditor
   Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee 16 (7 of whom are outside directors)
  5 (3 of whom are outside Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
                 61 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 62
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Corporate Governance
Election/Dismissal
Election Standard, Term of Office, of Directors
Election Standard of Directors
The Company’s Board of Directors elects internal directors based on the knowledge and experience that would enable appropriate and effective management of the Dai-ichi Life Group in a fair manner, as well as considering sufficient social credibility of the candidate. In addition, candidates for outside director are elected from those who generally satisfy the following conditions to fully demonstrate their supervisory function.
• Candidates shall have superior views and extensive experience in any of the following fields: corporate management, risk management, internal control including legal compliance, corporate ethics, management quality control, global management, macroeconomic policy, etc.
• Based on the “Standards for the Independence of Outside Directors,” candidates shall be judged as being independent from the management of the Company.
Independence Standards for Outside Directors
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/structure.html
Term of Office
The term of office for the Company’s directors, excluding those who also serve as members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee, shall be until the close of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders with respect to the last business term ending within one year after election in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Articles of Incorporation.
Moreover, from the perspective of securing independence, the maximum term of office for outside directors, excluding those who also serve as members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee, shall be eight years.
On the other hand, the term of office for directors who serve as a member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee shall be until the close of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders with respect to the last business term ending within two years after election in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. Moreover, from the perspective of securing independence, the maximum term of office for directors who serve as a member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee shall be 12 years.
Support to Outside Directors
To secure effective deliberations, related materials are provided to outside directors prior to the Board of Directors meetings. And based on the significance or urgency of the agenda item, outside directors are briefed in advance. In addition, depending on the content of deliberation of the agenda item, Board of Directors resolutions are issued only after multiple progress reports are made.
Outside directors also attend internal corporate events and study sessions to gain a deeper understanding of the Company’s business.
Director
Outside Director
Framework Supporting Corporate Governance (Election Standard, etc.)
  General Meeting of Shareholders
 Election/ Dismissal
Audit, etc.
Election/ Dismissal
  Audit & Supervisory Committee
Outside directors make up the majority of committee members
 Board of Directors
Outside directors make up more than one-third of the Board of Directors
    Nominations Advisory Committee
    Remuneration Advisory Committee
Directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
Executive Management Board
President
Instructions
In
Report
Directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
structions
Cooperation Report
Cooperation
    Legal and Compliance Unit Risk Management Unit, etc.
Marketing Strategy Unit, International Life Insurance Business Unit, Asset Management Business Unit, etc.
Internal Audit Unit
 Internal Audit
Internal Audit
Independent Auditor
  Advisory Board
          Specific Examples of Support to Outside Directors
Prior explanation of important matters to be discussed at the Board of Directors meetings
Visits to domestic and overseas offices for opinion exchange on-site
Discussions with officers who engage in business execution and also conducting various training programs
Opinion exchange regarding management policies, etc. with the president
 Accounting Audit Advice
    Board of Directors
These committees are made up of the chairman of the Board, president, and outside directors, who constitute a majority of the committee members.
The establishment of the Nominations Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee are stipulated in the Articles of Incorporation.
Executive Management Board
The Executive Management Board, consisting of the president and executive officers appointed by the president, meets to consider important management and executive matters.
Advisory Board
To further strengthen and enhance governance the Company has established an Advisory Board to seek extensive advice from outside experts on a medium- to long-term perspective regarding general management matters.
The Board of Directors is responsible for making important decisions on the Group’s management strategy, management plan, etc. and supervises business operations execution. The Board of Directors consists of internal directors with knowledge and experience necessary to manage in an accurate, fair, and efficient manner and outside directors with the deep insight, rich experience, and independence necessary to fully demonstrate supervisory functions. In principle, outside directors make up more than one-third of the board. The diversity of the Board of Directors is also taken into consideration.
Audit & Supervisory Committee
As an independent body from the Board of Directors, the Audit & Supervisory Committee audits the execution of duties by directors and the development and implementation status of Group internal control systems from a legal and appropriateness standpoint. It is also responsible for supervisory functions over the Board of Directors by expressing opinions on their appointment and remuneration. The Audit & Supervisory Committee includes at least one member with considerable knowledge about finance and accounting. It consists of internal members with knowledge about the life insurance business and outside members with excellent insight, rich experience, and independence.
Nominations Advisory Committee/
Remuneration Advisory Committee
To further enhance management transparency, these committees are established as voluntary advisory committees for the Board of Directors to refer proposals to the Board of Directors after deliberating and deciding on the following.
• Nominations Advisory Committee: election and dismissal of
directors
• Remuneration Advisory Committee: issues related to remuneration
Nominations Advisory Committee
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Outside directors visiting Dai-ichi Life Vietnam and exchanging opinions
Training for Directors
Upon assuming the position of directors, opportunities are provided for directors to fully understand the responsibilities and requirements of directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee members and to obtain the necessary knowledge on the Dai-ichi Life Group’s business, financial situation, and corporate structure. Training tailored to each director and Audit & Supervisory Committee member is provided during their tenure and financial support is provided for related expenses.
Group Companies
 Title
  Name
  Title
  Name
   Outside Director
Outside Director
Outside Director
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board
Representative Director, President
Koichi Maeda*
George Olcott
Yuriko Inoue
Rieko Sato
Koichiro Watanabe
Seiji Inagaki
Outside Director
Outside Director
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board
Representative Director, President
Koichi Maeda*
Yasushi Shingai
Ungyong Shu
Koichi Masuda
Koichiro Watanabe
Seiji Inagaki
        Specific Examples of Training for Directors
Opinion exchange with the president on management policy, etc.
Provide explanatory materials including matters reported through media that could possibly affect the business
      * The chairman of the Nominations Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee.
 63 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 64
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Corporate Governance
  Evaluating Board of Directors Effectiveness
Officer Remuneration
We recognized the remuneration system for directors and officers to be a critical component of “fair treatment” for directors and officers responsible for the development of the Group. Therefore, we set up the basic policy and basic principles for directors and officers remuneration as well as the decision process as follows.
To strengthen corporate governance, the Board of Directors has self-evaluated its effectiveness each year since fiscal 2014 to ensure the effectiveness of Board of Directors decision-making. The results of each year’s assessment are used to improve operation in the following fiscal year. Furthermore, the Board of Directors evaluates not only itself, but also the overall governance system, including the Audit & Supervisory
Measures based on Effectiveness Evaluation
Committee, the Nominations Advisory Committee, and the Remuneration Advisory Committee.
Self-assessment of the Board of Directors
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/structure.html
 Basic Policy
● Based on fair treatment
● Evaluates and rewards directors and officers for their contributions to the achievement of sustainable value creation for the Group ● Offers proper structure and competitive level remuneration
Basic Principles
1. Remuneration according to responsibilities and expectations 2. Consistency with strategies on which the Group focuses
3. Linked to Company and individual performance
Decision Process
4. Shares interests with all stakeholders 5. Proper level of remuneration
6. Ensures objectivity and transparency
Remuneration for directors (excluding outside directors and directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members) consists of basic remuneration, performance-linked remuneration (company performance and individual performance), and restricted stock remuneration. Outside directors and directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members receive basic remuneration only. The amount of these remuneration portions are established using third party research on remuneration for management roles at Japanese companies. Moreover, the aforementioned Basic Policy for Remuneration of Directors and Officers and Basic Principles for Remuneration of Directors and Officers were determined by the Board of Directors following deliberation by the Remuneration Advisory Committee where outside directors make a majority of committee members.
 Fiscal 2017
March 1
April May
Respondents
All directors
Main assessment items
● Operation of the Board of Directors and initiatives aimed at enhancing deliberations
● Composition of the Board of Directors
● Role and state of operation of each committee
● Encouragement of communication among directors
● General effectiveness of governance system and Board of Directors
1 Conducting self-assessment survey
2
3 Anonymous
 4
Response style
  2 Results analysis and improvement plan formulation
● Collection and analysis of survey responses by a third party
● Based on the analysis results creating a draft assessment of effectiveness and improvement plan
● Exchange of opinions between the third party and outside directors, etc.
4 Implementation of improvement measures
Main issues raised in survey for fiscal 2017
● Information sharing between the Board of Directors and each committee
    Directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
   Directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
  Remarks
  Internal
  Outside
  Fiscal 2018
(Evaluation period: fiscal 2017)
3 Report to Board of Directors and disclosure of results
● The results of the assessment and the improvement plan are disclosed on the Company’s website after being reported to the Board of Directors
Director Remuneration Structure
Basic amount
Performance-linked amount (company performance and individual performance) (short-term incentive)
Restricted stock amount (long-term incentive)
       ―
   ―
       Improvement measures
● Reporting or information sharing on the points discussed at each of the committees by the chairman to the Board of Directors
● Visits to business sites in Japan and overseas for opinion exchange with management executives
● Expansion of discussions on important matters with the executive officer in charge
● Provision of materials and minutes from the Board of Directors and Executive Management Board, including materials from the past meetings on a tablet device
― ―
Remuneration according to duties and responsibilities Linked to the level performance indicators achievement
Set as an incentive to achieve management objectives and enhance corporate value in the medium- to long-term
 March April
May
1 ● Promoting outside directors’ understanding of the Group’s business
Diagram of Remuneration Breakdown*1 (When Key Performance Indicator Achievement is at Standard Level, Total Remuneration Set at 100)
 2 3 5
Restricted stock amount
● When key performance indicators are at the maximum of theoretical value
 Basic amount
44
  Performance-linked amount 90
 ● When key performance indicators are at the standard value
stock amount
20
● When key performance indicators are the lowest theoretical value
Total: +54%
Restricted
20
Fixed portion: 29% Variable portion: 71%
   Basic amount
44
   Performance-linked amount 36
 June July
August September October November December January February
Fixed portion: 44% Variable portion: 56%
   Basic amount
44
Fixed portion: 69% Variable portion: 31%
 Fiscal 2019
(Evaluation period: fiscal 2018)
Restricted stock amount
Total: -36%
 5 Implementation of improvement measures
Main issues raised in survey for fiscal 2018
● Setting an appropriate agenda and briefings that are narrowed down and focused on the main points are continued to be recognized as an discussion issue
● In order to have appropriate management resources allocation within the Group, and to strengthen Group companies governance and the monitoring strategy execution, which are Board of Directors’ main functions and roles, clarification of business issues and discussion of strategy planning must be done at an
early stage.
20
  Improvement measures (planned)
● Ensure time for deliberation of important matters
● Further scrutiny of agenda
● Improve proposals briefing methods
● Progress management and follow-up for matters
yet to be decided
● Sharing deliberation points from the Executive
Management Board on items to be put on the
agenda for the Board of Directors
● Enhance information sharing between the Board of Directors and each committee
*1 Calculation are based on the average of executive directors. When key performance indicator achievement is at standard level, total remuneration is set as 100.
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)*2 for Performance-linked Amounts
 Business Perspective
  KPI
  Business Perspective
  KPI
   Capital efficiency
Financial soundness
Average EV growth (Group ROEV)
Consolidated operating ROE*3, consolidated ROE
Economic solvency ratio (ESR)
Margin of improvement in ESR (excluding factors due to economic changes)
Profit indicators
Market evaluation
Group adjusted profit
Dividends received from subsidiaries Value of new business*4
Share price (against benchmark)
        65 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 66
June July
August September October November December January February
*2 The above are company performance KPIs included in performance-linked remuneration.
*3 Operating ROE is a core profitability indicator for life insurance business and derived after certain adjustments to ROE.
*4 The value of new business is an indicator representing the value of new business at the time of acquisition for a fiscal 2018.
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Corporate Governance
Total Remuneration Details for Fiscal 2018
For Stakeholders
At Dai-ichi Life Group, we recognize our customers, local communities, shareholders and investors, business partners, and employees as stakeholders who are deeply involved in our business activities. Based on opinions and evaluations obtained through active communication with various stakeholders, we aim to promote higher-quality activities and enhance corporate value by reflecting to business activities our understanding of issues.
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
We are working to enhance dialogue with shareholders and investors through investor relations activities led by our executive management team. Opinions and requests obtained through investor relations activities are shared with the Executive Management Board and Board of Directors in an effort to enhance corporate value.
Securing the Rights and Equal Treatment of Shareholders at the General Meeting of Shareholders (the “Meeting”)
We recognize that the General Meeting of Shareholders serves as a place for productive dialogue, and we are taking measures to develop an environment in which the rights of shareholders are ensured and appropriately exercised.
      Total remuneration (Millions of yen)
Remuneration components (Millions of yen)
    Basic remuneration
Performance-linked amount
Restricted stock amount
Number of board members
        Company performance amount
Individual performance amount
Others
               265
126
78
13
47
0
             78
78
―
―
―
0
        Directors (excluding members of Audit & Supervisory Committee and outside directors)
Members of Audit & Supervisory Committee (excluding outside directors)
Outside directors
92
92
―
―
―
7
2 ― 6
Dai-ichi Life Holdings
Securing Appropriate Information Disclosure and Transparency
In an effort to ensure management transparency, Dai-ichi Life Group discloses information in a fair, timely and appropriate manner following its Basic Information Disclosure Policy. In addition to statutory disclosure, we proactively disclose information on management, quantitative financial information, and non-financial information such as governance and medium- to long-term corporate strategy in both Japanese and English.
IR Library
Japanese: https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/investor/library/ index.html
English: https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/investor/library/ index.html
Information Disclosure
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/disclosure.html
       Shares Held for Strategic Purposes
In principle, shares shall be held for purely investment purposes by Group companies engaged in the life insurance business, as part of asset management in the life insurance business; however, to a limited extent, there are shares held for strategic purposes and are important in terms of the Group’s business strategies, such as strengthening relations through business alliances.
Group companies examine their individual listed shares held for strategic purpose and review the appropriateness of holding such shares at their Board of Directors meetings every
fiscal year. The shareholdings for strategic purpose shall be sold in case the appropriateness or rationale of holding such shares, either in terms of strategic holding or for investment purposes, is not confirmed.
Strategic-holding Shares
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/reference.html
 Specific examples of activities
Prompt dispatch of convocation notices (three weeks prior to the Meeting) and website publication (five weeks prior to the Meeting, including an English version)
Holding the General Meeting of Shareholders on days and at times that avoid conflicting with shareholders’ meetings of other companies
Adopting an electronic voting rights execution platform for institutional investors
Prompt disclosure of minutes summary of the Meeting and the voting results
  Establishment and Operation of Internal Control System
The Dai-ichi Life Group has an internal control policy that stipulates the core philosophies for the establishment and operation of internal control to ensure the integrity and appropriate conduct of business activities at the Dai-ichi Life Group and to maintain and build corporate value.
Details of the Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/ control/in_control/index.html
General Meeting of Shareholders
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/investor/share/meeting/ index.html
 Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group
1. System for Ensuring Proper Operations within the Group
2. System for Ensuring Execution of Professional Duties in
Accordance with Applicable Laws, Regulations and the
Articles of Incorporation
3. System for Risk Management
4. System for Ensuring Efficient Execution of
Professional Duties
5. System for Ensuring Appropriateness and Reliability of
Financial Reporting
6. System for Preserving and Managing Information Concerning
Execution of Directors’ and Executive Officers’ Duties
7. System for Ensuring Effective Internal Audits
8. System for Execution of Duties of the Audit &
Supervisory Committee
 Specific Examples of Ensuring Information Disclosure and Transparency (Fiscal 2018)
Results briefings for institutional investors and analysts (2) Financial results teleconferences (4) and analyst days (1)
Interviews for domestic institutional investors (individual interviews and conferences) (106)
Interviews for overseas institutional investors (individual interviews and conferences) (145)
Company briefings and seminars for individual investors (16)
  67 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 68
General Meeting of Shareholders
    Local communities
Shareholders/ investors
Business partners
Employees
Customers
Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Leadership (As of June 21, 2019)
Directors
Koichiro Watanabe Representative Director, Chairman of the Board
Assumed office in July 2001
Age: 66
Number of shares held: 80,674 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, Chairman of the Board,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
• Outside Director, Japan Tobacco Inc.
• Chairman, Central Council for Education,
Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports,
Science and Technology, Government of Japan
• Vice Chair, Subdivision on Universities, Central Council for Education, Ministry
of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Government of Japan
• Vice Chair, Director of Japan Business Federation
• Chair of Committee on Education Reform, Japan Business Federation
• Chair of Committee on Consumer Affairs, Japan Business Federation
• Vice-Chairman, The Japan Quality Award Council, Japan Productivity Center
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including corporate planning, human resources management, public relations and government relations, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. He has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since July 2001 by making use of his abundant experience and insight. He has promoted business strategy for the growth of the Group through his service as a representative director and president since 2010. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Seiji Inagaki Representative Director, President
Assumed office in June 2016
Age: 56
Number of shares held: 36,891 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, President,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited • Chair of Business and Industry Advisory
Committee to the OECD Japan,
Japan Business Federation
• Vice Chair of Executive Board, Business at OECD (BIAC)
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including corporate planning and investment planning, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2016 and as a representative director and president since April 2017. He has developed a growth strategy to further strengthen and expand the Group’s business foundation. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Kazuma Ishii
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Assumed office in July 2003
Age: 65
Number of shares held: 30,313 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Other major occupations:
• Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including profit management, financial planning and actuarial accounting and internal audit, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since July 2003. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Masao Taketomi Director, Managing Executive Officer
Assumed office in June 2017
Age: 55
Number of shares held: 22,551 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, President,
The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including personnel management and underwriting, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since June 2017 and as a representative director and president of The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. since April 2018. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
        Apr. 1976 Jul. 2001 Apr. 2004 Jul. 2004 Jul. 2007 Apr. 2008 Apr. 2010
Oct. 2016 Apr. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company Director
Managing Director
Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, President, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Representative Director, President, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Representative Director, Chairman of the Board (to present)
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2016 Oct. 2016 Apr. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Representative Director, President (to present)
Apr. 1977 Jul. 2003 Jul. 2004 Apr. 2005 Jul. 2008 Apr. 2010
Apr. 2011 Oct. 2016
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company Director
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2015 Oct. 2016 Jun. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Director, Managing Executive Officer (to present)
    Shigeo Tsuyuki Representative Director, Vice Chairman
Assumed office in July 2003
Age: 64
Number of shares held: 42,095 shares Board of Directors meetings attended:12/13 Other major occupations: Not applicable
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including overseas life insurance business management, domestic corporate life insurance business and asset management business, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since July 2003. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Satoru Tsutsumi Representative Director, Vice President
Assumed office in June 2015
Age: 63
Number of shares held: 26,041 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, Vice President,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including asset management business and domestic corporate life insurance business, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a representative director and president of The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. since June 2010 and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since June 2015. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Hideo Teramoto Director
Assumed office in June 2012
Age: 59
Number of shares held: 28,060 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, Vice Chairman,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including corporate planning and marketing planning, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2012. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
George Olcott Outside Director
Assumed office in June 2015
Age: 64
Number of shares held: 4,985 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Other major occupations:
• Outside Director, Member of the Board, DENSO CORPORATION
• Outside Director, Hitachi Chemical Company, Ltd.
He is an expert on human resources management and corporate governance of global companies, based on the knowledge he gained through a wide range of experiences, such as acting as managing director of financial institutions and as outside director of other corporations. He has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and advising on various matters of corporate management based on his global and objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes he will share his experience and expertise on oversight of management of the Group, and therefore appointed him as an outside director.
    Apr. 1977 Jul. 2003 Jul. 2004 Apr. 2005 Jul. 2008 Apr. 2010
Apr. 2011 Apr. 2014 Oct. 2016 Apr. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company Director
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, Vice President
Representative Director, Vice President, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Representative Director, Vice Chairman (to present)
Apr. 1978 Apr. 2005 Jul. 2005
Apr. 2010 Jun. 2010 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015 Oct. 2016
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Director, DLIBJ Asset Management Co., Ltd. (presently Asset Management One Co., Ltd.)
Advisor, The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Representative Director, President
Vice President, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Representative Director, Vice President
Representative Director, Vice President, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1983 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2011 Jun. 2012 Apr. 2015 Oct. 2016
Apr. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer
Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer,
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Director (to present)
Jul. 1986 Nov. 1991 Sep. 1993
Apr. 1997 Apr. 1998 Feb. 1999
Jun. 2000 Sep. 2001 Mar. 2005 Mar. 2008 Sep. 2010
Apr. 2014
Jun. 2015 Oct. 2016
Joined S.G. Warburg & Co., Ltd.
Director
Executive Director, Equity Capital Market Group, S.G. Warburg Securities London
Head of Tokyo Office, SBC Warburg
Vice President, LTCB-UBS-Brinson Asset Management President, UBS Asset Management (Japan)
President, Japan UBS Brinson
Managing Director, Equity Capital Market, SBC Warburg Tokyo Judge Business School, University of Cambridge
FME Teaching Fellow
Senior Fellow
Project Professor, Research Center for Advanced Science and Technology, The University of Tokyo
Guest Professor, Keio University, Faculty of Business and Commerce (to present)
Outside Director, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Outside Director, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
* Other major occupations from which candidates have retired as of the publication of this report are not listed.
69 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 70
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Leadership (As of June 21, 2019)
Directors
Koichi Maeda Outside Director
Assumed office in October 2016
Age: 67
Number of shares held: 3,373 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Other major occupations: Not applicable
He has deep experience and insight gained through acting as business executive of highly public enterprises. He has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and advising on various matters of corporate management based on his global and objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes he will share his experience and expertise on oversight of management of the Group, and therefore appointed him as an outside director.
Yuriko Inoue Outside Director
Assumed office in June 2018
Age: 56
Number of shares held: 182 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 10/10 Other major occupations:
• Outside Director, NIPPON SIGNAL CO., LTD.
She is an experienced and trusted professor specialized in intellectual property laws, and she has had a wide range of knowledge about IT-related systems and policies backed by her expertise. She could bring significant benefits to the Company by supervising management and advising on various legal matters and data governance in IT strategies of the Company based on her objective viewpoint. The Company believes she is qualified to supervise the Group’s management, and therefore appointed her as an outside director.
Fusakazu Kondo
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (Full-Time))
Assumed office in October 2016
Age: 58
Number of shares held: 14,064 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Audit & Supervisory Committee
meetings attended: 23/23
Other major occupations: Not applicable
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including profit management and finance, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties in the auditing work as a Senior Audit and Supervisory Board member (full-time) of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited from June 2012 to September 2016 and as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member (full-time) of the Company since October 2016. The Company believes he has the qualifications necessary to strengthen the effectiveness of the supervisory and auditing function over the management of the Group by making use of his experience and knowledge. Therefore, the Company appointed him as a director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
Rieko Sato
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Assumed office in June 2015
Age: 62
Number of shares held: 4,985 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 23/23
Other major occupations:
• Partner, Ishii Law Office
• Outside Director, J. FRONT RETAILING Co., Ltd.
• Outside Corporate Auditor, NTT DATA CORPORATION
She is an experienced and trusted attorney, and she has had a wide range of experiences serving as outside Audit and Supervisory Board member of various corporations. She has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and auditing management as well as advising on various legal matters of the Company based on her objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes she could take advantage of her experience in conducting audits and supervision of the Group’s management, and therefore appointed her as an outside director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
        Apr. 1975 Jul. 1999
Jul. 2000
Jun. 2002 Jun. 2004
Aug. 2006 Jun. 2008 Jun. 2009
Jun. 2012 Jun. 2016 Oct. 2016 Jul. 2017 Jul. 2018
Joined Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation General Manager, Kagoshima Branch, NIPPON TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE WEST CORPORATION
General Manager, Planning Department, Consumer & Office Division, NTT Communications Corporation
General Manager, Consumer & Office Division
Director, Senior Vice President, General Manager, Consumer & Office Division
Director, Senior Vice President, Deputy General Manager, Net Business Division
Director, Executive Vice President, Deputy General Manager, Net Business Division
Representative Director, Senior Executive Vice President, General Manager, Consumer Business Promotion Division, NIPPON TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE EAST CORPORATION; Representative Director, President, NTT EAST PROPERTIES, INC. Representative Director, President, NTT FINANCE CORPORATION Director, Chief Executive Counselor
Outside Director, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Chief Executive Counselor, NTT FINANCE CORPORATION Advisor to the President, NTT FINANCE CORPORATION
(to present)
Nov. 1993 Apr. 1995
Apr. 2001
Sep. 2002 Apr. 2004 Oct. 2010
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Lecturer, University of Tokyo Graduate Schools for Law and Politics Associate Professor, University of Tsukuba Graduate School of Business Administration & Public Policy
Associate Professor, University of Tsukuba Graduate School of Business Sciences
Associate Professor, Kobe University Graduate School of Law Professor
Professor, Hitotsubashi University Graduate School of International Corporate Strategy
Professor, Business Law Department of Graduate School of Law (to present)
Outside Director, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1983 Jun. 2012
Oct. 2016
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Senior Audit and Supervisory Board Member (full-time),
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (full-time)), Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1984 Jun. 1989 Jul. 1998 Jun. 2015 Oct. 2016
Registered as Attorney-at-Law
Shearman & Sterling LLP
Partner, Ishii Law Office (to present)
Outside Director, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member), Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
      Yasushi Shingai Outside Director
Assumed office in June 2019
Age: 63
Number of shares held: 300 shares Other major occupations:
• Outside Director, Asahi Group Holdings, Ltd. • Member of the Board of Directors
(Outside Director), Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.
In addition to his deep experience and insight gained through acting as a business executive of a global company, he has rich experience and sophisticated and expert knowledge of corporate finance and mergers & acquisitions as the finance officer. The Company believes that he could bring significant benefits to the Company by supervising management and advising on various matters of corporate management based on his global and objective viewpoint at Board of Directors meetings and other occasions, and therefore appointed him as an outside director.
Morinobu Nagahama
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (Full-Time))
Assumed office in June 2014
Age: 62
Number of shares held: 16,401 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Audit & Supervisory Committee
meetings attended: 23/23
Other major occupations:
• Director, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance
Company, Limited
• Outside Corporate Auditor, Sekisui Plastics Co., Ltd.
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including compliance, internal audits, legal affairs, secretarial administration and general affairs, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties in the auditing work as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member (full-time) since October 2016. The Company believes he has the qualifications necessary to strengthen the effectiveness of the supervisory and auditing function over the management of the Group by making use of his experience and knowledge.Therefore, the Company appointed him as a director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
Ungyong Shu
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Assumed office in June 2015
Age: 56
Number of shares held: 2,491 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 22/23
Other major occupations:
• President & CEO, Core Value Management,
Co., Ltd.
He has a wide range of experiences as a managing director of financial institutions. He has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and auditing management as well as advising on various matters of corporate management based on his global and objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes he could take advantage of his experience in conducting audits and supervision of the Group’s management, and therefore appointed him as an outside director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
Koichi Masuda
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Assumed office in October 2016
Age: 75
Number of shares held: 4,760 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 13/13 Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 23/23
Other major occupations:
• Director (Outside), Audit and Supervisory
Committee Member, Daishi Hokuetsu Financial
Group, Inc.
• Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member,
Sumitomo Riko Company Limited
He is an experienced and trusted certified public accountant, and he has had a wide range of experiences serving as Outside Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee member) and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board member of various corporations. He has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and auditing management and advising on various financial matters of the Company based on his objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes he could take advantage of his experience in conducting audits and supervision of the Group’s management, and therefore appointed him as an outside director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
  Apr. 1980
Jul. 2001 Jul. 2004 Jun. 2005
Jun. 2006 Jun. 2011
Jan. 2018 Jun. 2019
Joined the Japan Tobacco and Salt Public Corporation (presently Japan Tobacco Inc.)
Vice President, Finance Planning Division
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Member of the Board, Senior Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer
Member of the Board of Japan Tobacco Inc., Executive Vice President, JT International S.A.
Representative Director and Executive Vice President, Japan Tobacco Inc.
Member of the Board
Director, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1986
May. 2001 Jul. 2005 May. 2007
Jul. 2010 Jul. 2011 Nov. 2013 Jun. 2015 Oct. 2016
Joined Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, a subsidiary of J.P. Morgan & Company, Inc.
Managing Director, JP Morgan Securities
Head of Financial Institutions Division
Managing Director and Chairman of Financial Institutions Group, Merrill Lynch Japan Securities Ltd.
Co-Head of Investment Banking Division
Vice Chairman
President & CEO, Core Value Management, Co., Ltd. (to present) Outside Director, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member), Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1966 Jan. 1970 Jan. 1975 Sep. 1978 Jul. 1992 Oct. 1993 Jan. 2004 Jul. 2007
Jul. 2010 Oct. 2016
Yoshiji Tanaka CPA Office
Otemachi Kaikei Jimusho Audit Corporation
Shinwa Audit Corporation *
Partner
Representative Partner, Asahi Shinwa Audit Corporation * Representative Partner, Asahi Audit Corporation *
Representative Partner, KPMG AZSA & Co. *
Chairman and President, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Advisor (to present)
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member), Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
*Other major occupations from which candidates have retired as of the publication of this report are not listed.
Hideo Hatanaka Yuji Tokuoka Tetsuya Kikuta Munehiro Uryu
Hiroshi Shoji Tatsusaburo Yamamoto Norimitsu Kawahara Ichiro Okamoto
Tomohiko Asano Tsuyoshi Kawamoto Hidehiko Sogano
71 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 72
Apr. 1979 Sep. 2008 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2016 Oct. 2016
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer
Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (full-time)), Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
* Presently, KPMG AZSA LLC Executive Officers (excluding those who are directors)
Vice President Kenji Sakurai
Managing Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Sumie Watanabe Hiroyuki Kanou Toshiaki Sumino Yasumasa Iwai
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

   Recognition from Society / Participation in External Initiatives
Recognition from Society
   Data Section
74 Recognition from Society / Participation in External Initiatives 75 Financial and Non-Financial Historical Data
77 Financial Analysis
81 Corporate and Financial Data
Recipient
TAL
Panin Dai-ichi Life
OCEAN LIFE
Organizer
The Australian and New Zealand Institute of Insurance and Finance (ANZIIF)
Warta Ekonomi
Ministry of Labor
Assessment/Award
Winner of Life Company of the Year at the 15th Annual Australian Insurance Industry Awards (2018)
Best Financial Performance
The Best of DSD (Employee Skill Development Award)
Summary
TAL received Winner of Life Company of the Year at the 15th Annual Australian Insurance Industry Awards from the Australian and New Zealand Institute of Insurance and Finance in recognition of outstanding financial performance and customer service suited to market needs.
Panin Dai-ichi Life received Best Financial Performance in the Life Insurance Company with 5 – 10 Trillion Rupiah in Total Assets category from Warta Ekonomi in recognition of its financial standing.
OCEAN LIFE received The Best of DSD (Employee Skill Development Award) for the fifth year running from Thailand’s Ministry of Labor in recognition of its human capital development and training programs, etc.
   Participation in External Initiatives
Principles for Financial Action Towards a Sustainable Society (Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century)
• Dai-ichi Life
• Neo First Life
RE100
• Dai-ichi Life
• Asset Management One
 81 Overview and Organization of the Insurance Holding Company
81 Corporate Profile
81 Management Organization
82 Capital Stock and Number of Shares
82 1 Capital Stock
82 2. Number of Shares and Shareholders 82 3. Type of Issued Shares
83 4. Major Shareholders (Top 10)
83 5. Independent Auditor
84 Overview of the Insurance Holding Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
84 Main Businesses and Organization
85 List of Group Companies
86 Main Businesses of the Insurance Holding Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
86 Key Management Indicators 86 Outline of business
87 Consolidated Financial Statements
152 Financial Statements of The Dai-ichi Life
Insurance Company, Limited 175 Solvency Margin Ratio
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
• Dai-ichi Life Holdings
Women’s Empowerment Principles (WEPs)
• Dai-ichi Life Holdings
Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)
• Dai-ichi Life
• Asset Management One
• Janus Henderson Group plc
        Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
• Dai-ichi Life Holdings
Climate Action 100+
• Dai-ichi Life
• Asset Management One
      73 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 74
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

Financial and Non-Financial Historical Data
(Millions of yen)
 Fiscal 2018
7,184,093
5,344,016
1,583,228
6,751,148
3,839,105
1,309,287
541,541
703,573
432,945
87,500
225,035
55,941,261
52,227,668
47,325,761
3,713,592
1,708,808
2,101,587
508.7
3,955.8
5,936.5
197.4
3.78
6.0
(0.6)
869.7
169
236.3
194.43
3,240.72
58
62,938
25.6
955
155,300
6,513
   Results of Operations
Ordinary revenues
Premium and other income Investment income
Ordinary expenses
Benefits and claims
Provision for policy reserves and others Investment expenses
Operating expenses
Ordinary profit
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company
Financial Condition
Total assets Total liabilities
Policy reserves Total net assets
Total shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
Sales Results 1
Annualized net premium of new business (billions of yen)
Annualized net premium from policies in force (billions of yen)
Corporate Value
Group European embedded value (EEV) (billions of yen) 2 Value of new business (billions of yen) 2
New business margin (%)
Key Financial Indicators
Return on equity (ROE) (%)
Return on embedded value (ROEV) (%) Consolidated solvency margin ratio (%) Economic solvency ratio (%) 3
Group adjusted profit (billions of yen)
Per Share Indicators 4
Earnings per share (EPS) (yen) Book value per share (BPS) (yen) Dividends per share (DPS) (yen)
Key Non-financial Indicators
Number of Group employees
Percentage of women in managerial posts (%) 5 Number of employees with disabilities (people) 6 CO2 emissions (t-CO2) 7
Total paper usage (t) 7
Fiscal 2016
6,456,796 4,468,736 1,626,177 6,031,476 3,618,385 1,016,744
342,102 650,985 425,320
85,000 231,286
51,985,850 48,848,583 43,740,238
3,137,266 1,300,756 1,906,091
440.7 3,633.4
5,495.4 145.5 2.94
Fiscal 2017
7,037,827 4,884,579 1,802,626 6,565,833 3,789,907 1,223,870
548,957 661,110 471,994
95,000 363,928
53,603,028 49,853,756 44,597,717
3,749,271 1,589,623 2,238,159
406.4 3,671.1
6,094.1 190.2 4.30
10.6
13.1 838.3 170 243.2
310.69 3,217.68 50
62,943 25.2 966 166,000 6,510
Fiscal 2011
4,931,781 3,539,579 1,035,662 4,705,860 2,688,419
718,673 380,315 471,061 225,920
69,000 20,357
33,468,670 32,476,924 29,862,729
991,745 569,253 483,446
205.3 2,322.3
2,661.5 187.7 5.89
2.4 10.6 563.2 − −
20.61 993.76 16
60,305 − 846 129,000 9,922
Fiscal 2012
5,283,989 3,646,831 1,335,120 5,126,695 2,795,355 1,191,953
221,738 486,419 157,294
86,000 32,427
35,694,411 34,045,391 31,012,539
1,649,020 563,340 1,099,351
244.3 2,425.7
3,341.9 211.2 5.86
2.5 25.5 702.4 − 100.0
32.75 1,657.14 16
60,771 − 865 153,500 9,849
Fiscal 2013
6,044,955 4,353,229 1,320,066 5,740,205 2,903,587 1,634,864
234,950 517,566 304,750
94,000 77,931
37,705,176 35,757,563 32,574,923
1,947,613 628,538 1,322,731
303.4 2,560.3
4,294.7 255.4 6.25
4.3 29.4 756.9 − 116.0
78.58 1,962.05 20
59,512 21.9 891 175,000 8,116
Fiscal 2014
7,252,242 5,432,717 1,444,012 6,845,400 3,380,827 2,271,268
168,935 559,344 406,842 112,200 142,476
49,837,202 46,247,274 41,634,712
3,589,927 1,029,622 2,528,262
339.1 3.217.0
5,987.6 286.1 5.53
5.1 28.8 818.2 147 214.7
124.94 3,012.46 28
60,647 22.5 913 168,000 6,509
Fiscal 2015
7,333,947 5,586,000 1,344,852 6,915,780 3,830,941 1,496,360
524,041 661,384 418,166
97,500 178,515
49,924,922 46,991,963 42,922,534
2,932,959 1,129,262 1,840,084
387.2 3,396.2
4,646.1 216.1 3.92
5.5
(21.9) 20.3
                            7.6
  763.8 98 204.6
150.53 2,472.86 35
61,446 23.3 926 178,100 6,559
749.2 151 210.1
196.62 2,668.61 43
62,606 24.2 953 171,900 6,998
              1. Total of Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, TAL, and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam from fiscal 2011 to fiscal 2013. Total of Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, Neo First Life, TAL and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam for fiscal 2014. Total of Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, Neo First Life, Protective, TAL and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam for fiscal 2015 and subsequent figures.
2. From fiscal 2014, the extrapolation method beyond the last liquid data point of Japanese interest rate is changed from a method taking into account the yield curve of Japanese swap rate to a method using an ultimate forward rate.
3. From March 31, 2017, reflects expected rate of return on asset portfolio in valuation of insurance liabilities.
4. The Company conducted a 1:100 share split on October 1, 2013. Adjustments are made to per share indicators prior to the share split.
5. Total of Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life. Figures as of April 1 of the next fiscal year, which represent the percentage for
the current fiscal year.
6. Total of Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Life Challenged, Dai-ichi Life Business Services and Dai-ichi Life Information Systems. Figures as of April 1 of
the next fiscal year, which represent the number of persons for the current fiscal year.
7. Figures for fiscal 2011 to fiscal 2014 are for Dai-ichi Life only.
75 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 76
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

Financial Analysis
FY2018–2020: Progress of CONNECT 2020 Our Medium-Term Management Plan
Review of FY2018
Economic and Financial Environment
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the global economy continued to expand, primarily in the U.S., but economic slowdown in Europe and emerging countries in Asia caused overall growth to remain modest. In Japan, despite an increase in employment and capital investment in light of a labor shortage, the economy slowed down due to the effect of natural disasters in addition to sluggish exports.
Industry Trends
In April 2018, the Standard Mortality Table, which forms the basis for calculating policy reserves, was revised for the first time in 11 years. In addition to a reduction in premium rates for death insurance, a line-up of insurance products has been launched that offer discounts based on one’s wellness in light of increasing interest in health awareness. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, annualized net premium of new business of all 41 domestic life insurance companies increased 12.7% from the previous fiscal year. There was also a significant increase in sales of individual annuities due to a greater need for savings. As a result, annualized net premium from in-force policies also increased 2.9% from the end of the previous fiscal year.
Annualized Net Premium of New Business of 41 Life
Dai-ichi Life Group’s Operating Results
Annualized net premium of new business for the three domestic life insurance Group companies combined increased 31.1% year-on-year. This was due to the launch of competitive products and services through optimal distribution channels based on a multi-brand, multi-channel strategy, which increased new business through the sales representative, agency, and bancassurance channels. Sales were strong for products such as Dai-ichi Life’s JUST, introduced in March 2018, insurance with a health checkup discount, dementia insurance, launched in December 2018 and Dai-ichi Frontier Life’s foreign currency- denominated insurance product. As a result of strong sales of products such as dementia insurance, value of new business for the three domestic life insurance companies increased 5.6% year-on-year.
In overseas markets, amid large-scale industry reorganization in Australia, new business at TAL declined year- on-year, impacted by intensified competition and government review of sales practices for financial products, including insurance. However, new business at Protective in the U.S. and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam grew steadily, and annualized net premium of new business in the overseas life insurance business increased 3.2% on a yen-denominated basis. In particular, Dai-ichi Life Vietnam achieved top market share in terms of first year premium for a foreign-affiliated life insurance company.
Annualized Net Premium of New Business of the Three Domestic Life Insurance Group Companies (Billions of yen)
  Since demutualization and listing on the stock exchange in April 2010, the Dai-ichi Life Group has been diversifying its business and geographical distribution both in Japan and abroad in order to increase its corporate value through sustainable growth amid major changes in the financial and economic environment. Under CONNECT 2020, our medium-term management plan, Group companies engaging in each of the three growth engine businesses (domestic life insurance, overseas life Insurance, and asset management) that we have built so far will CONNECT (connect, join, and collaborate) with customers, communities, diverse partners with the aim of growing the value of new business and group adjusted profit.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the first year of the Medium-term Management Plan, we got off to a steady start.
The value of the Group’s new business increased year- on-year, largely due to strong performance of the domestic life insurance business. Group adjusted profit and consolidated net income (net income attributable to shareholders of parent company) declined compared to the previous fiscal year when there were one-time factors that had a positive impact on net
income. However, both group adjusted profit and consolidated net income exceeded the Company’s initial forecast.
The growth rate of the Group’s European embedded value (EEV), which indicates corporate value from the perspective of capital efficiency, has averaged 10.2% since demutualization, and economic solvency ratio, which indicates soundness, declined marginally from 170% at the end of the previous fiscal year to 169%, affected by the prolonged low interest rate environment.
Reflecting the steady progress of our medium-term management plan, dividends per share are set at 58 yen, an increase of 8 yen from the previous fiscal year, and the Company also made a resolution to repurchase up to 28.0 billion yen of its own shares.
We forecast profit growth on a consolidated basis for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 as we expect profit in the overseas life insurance business to increase due to three large-scale acquisitions in the U.S. and Australia, while the domestic life insurance business maintains stable profit.
 Steady First-Year Progress of Medium-Term Management Plan CONNECT 2020
   Group adjusted profit 236.3 billion yen
Achievement rate 103% (Initial forecast: 230.0 billion yen)
Consolidated net income 225.0 billion yen
Achievement rate: 102% (Initial forecast: 220.0 billion yen)
Value of new business 198.7 billion yen
Up 3.5% year-on-year
ROEV
10.2 %
Average since demutualization
Dividends per share 58 yen
8 increase yen
(Total amount of dividends: 66.6 billion yen)
Share repurchase Up to 28.0 billion yen
Individual 175.9 Insurance
Individual 143.4 Annuities
Total 319.4
Third-sector 76.3
Group Annualized Net Premium of New Business
   Fiscal 2017
  Fiscal 2018
   Year-on-year
  Insurance Companies in Japan
(Trillions of yen)
2.4 11.6%
0.5 18.4%
2.9 12.7%
0.7 11.9%
296.3 68.4%
122.5 (14.6%)
418.9 31.1%
    Fiscal 2017
  Fiscal 2018
   Year-on-year
      Individual Insurance
Individual Annuities
Total
2.2
0.4
2.6
66.9
(12.3%)
     Third-sector 0.6
(Billions of yen) 418.9 31.1%
89.8 3.2%
508.7 25.2%
   Fiscal 2017
  Fiscal 2018
   Year-on-year
   Note: Compiled by the Company based on data disclosed by each company.
Domestic Life
Overseas Life
Group Total
319.4
87.0
406.4
   77 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 78
Note: For overseas life insurance companies the annualized net premium of new business and annualized net premium from policies in-force were calculated based on the Group’s criteria.
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

   Dai-ichi Life Group Financial Results
Consolidated ordinary revenues for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 increased by 2% from the previous year. The main factors were an increase in premium and other income driven by strong sales of foreign currency denominated insurance at Dai-ichi Frontier Life. Consolidated ordinary profit decreased by 8% due to such factors as the decline in income from interest and dividends at Dai-ichi Life. Income from interest and dividends decreased compared to the previous fiscal year when there were notable one-time factors, which included Dai-ichi Life’s investment income increases on distribution from mutual funds, etc.
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company decreased by 38% to 225.0 billion yen. Net income in
the previous fiscal year included 90.1 billion yen recorded by Protective from the effect of U.S. tax reforms and a share exchange gain of 33.5 billion yen related to the merger of Janus Capital Group Inc. and Henderson Group plc.
The Dai-ichi Life Group has set “group adjusted profit” as the indicator that forms the source of funds for shareholder returns. Group adjusted profit is the total of the adjusted profit of Group companies. Each company’s adjusted profit indicates profit in real term on cash basis. Group adjusted profit decreased from 243.2 billion yen in the previous fiscal year to 236.3 billion yen as a result of the abovementioned decrease in income from interest and dividends, among other factors.
Our annual cash dividend forecast is 58 yen per share (8 yen increase from the previous fiscal year). We also plan a share repurchase of up to 28.0 billion yen. Together with cash dividends, we expect the total dividend payout ratio to reach 40%.
Performance Trends of Major Group Companies
(1) Dai-ichi Life
Fundamental profit, which represents profit from an insurance company’s core business for a given fiscal year, increased from 429.0 billion yen in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 to 479.1 billion yen. The main factors for the increase were a year-on-year decrease in standard provisions for policy reserves due to the launch of new products with premium rates that were revised in March 2018. On the other hand, positive spread declined year-on-year due to the decrease in income from interest and dividends, derivative transaction losses and foreign exchange losses also increased, resulting in a 12.2 billion yen decrease in ordinary profit to 346.6 billion yen. Net income was up 2.9 billion yen to 172.9 billion yen due to such factors as a decrease in extraordinary losses.
(2) Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Premium and other income increased due to an increase in foreign currency-denominated product sales following efforts to expand distribution channels to include regional financial institutions, major banks, and Dai-ichi Life sales representatives. Net income decreased due to provision related to market value adjustment resulting from lower interest rates, particularly Australian dollar interest rates, in addition to the adjustment in stock markets towards the end of the fiscal year resulting in provision related to guaranteed minimum maturity benefit risk on variable products. Despite such impacts, Dai-ichi Frontier Life secured operating income (fundamental profitability) at roughly the same level as in the previous fiscal year.
(3) Protective
Pre-tax adjusted operating income decreased from the previous fiscal year. Main factors were an increase in insurance claims, which had an adverse impact on the life insurance segment. In the acquisitions segment, profit increased with the contribution from acquired Liberty Life in-force policy blocks (completed in May 2018). The annuities segment recorded a decline in profit as a result of adjustments to the financial environment. Moreover, lower interest spreads lead to a decrease in earnings in the stable value segment. Net income fell compared to the previous fiscal year when Protective recorded one-time profit on the corporate tax rates reduction.
(4) TAL
The Australian individual insurance market continues to face a challenging market environment, and with regulatory review underway, annualized net premium of new business decreased year-on-year. In the group insurance segment, annualized net premium of new business also declined from the previous fiscal year when TAL acquired a number of large-scale group insurance contracts. On the other hand, annualized net premium from in-force policies increased year on year, reflecting the in-force policies of Suncorp Life (currently Asteron Life), the acquisition of which was completed in February 2019. Underlying profit, which represents TAL’s essential profit, decreased due to factors such as an increase in insurance claims for both individual and group insurance.
Economic Value Indicators
Value of new business in fiscal 2019 was 198.7 billion yen for the Group, including two affiliated companies in Asia. This was an increase of 3.5% from 191.9 billion yen in the previous fiscal year due to strong sales of dementia insurance at Dai-ichi Life and increase in sales of insurance products at Dai-ichi Frontier Life and Neo First Life through Dai-ichi Life’s sales representative channel.
The Group’s EEV as of March 31, 2019 was 5.9 trillion yen, a marginal decrease from 6.0 trillion yen recorded at the end of the previous fiscal year. EEV decrease from the fall in domestic interest rates and stock prices was offset by the accumulation in value of new business through the sales activities of each group company and the impact of the acquisition of Liberty Life’s in-force insurance blocks
by Protective.
The economic solvency ratio, which represents soundness on an economic value basis, was 169%, which slightly fell short of 170% from the end of the previous fiscal year. While there were contributions from accumulation of new business and the issuance of yen-denominated publicly offered perpetual subordinated notes by Dai-ichi Life Holdings, the fall in domestic interest rates and stock prices were the major factors of the shortfall. Over the medium- to long-term we target ESR in the range from 170% to 200%.
  Dai-ichi Life Group Financial Results – Net Income Attributable to Shareholders of Parent Company
 (Billion yen)
400
300
200
100
0
Includes temporary factors such as the one-time gain at Protective and the share exchange gain related to the merger of Janus Capital Group Inc. and Henderson Group plc.
363.9
    231.2
225.0
  178.5 142.4
     79 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 80
19.1
Fiscal 2010
20.3
Fiscal 2011
77.9 32.4
 Fiscal 2012
Fiscal 2013
Fiscal 2014
Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
    Introduction Management Message from Value Creation Feature Medium-term Summary of Value Creation Corporate Governance Data Section Strategies the President Process Management Plan Business Initiatives

 Overview and Organization of the Insurance Holding Company Corporate Profile
   Trade name
Date of Establishment Head Office
Phone number Official website
Main Business
Capital stock
Number of employees
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
September 15, 1902
13-1, Yurakucho 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8411, Japan
81-(0)3-3216-1222
https://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/
The purpose of the Company shall be to engage in the following businesses:
(1) Business administration of life insurance companies, non-life insurance
companies, and other companies operating as the Company's subsidiaries
pursuant to the provisions of the Insurance Business Act, and
(2) Other business activities incidental to the business listed in the preceding item.
343.3 billion yen 634 persons
       Management Organization
  81
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Capital Stock and Number of Shares 1. Capital stock
     Date
Increase in capital
Capital stock after increase
Details
Reconciliation of net assets associated with the change in corporate structure to a public company from a mutual company
    April 1, 2010
210,200 million yen
210,200 million yen
   Exercise of stock options
 Exercise of stock options
 Exercise of stock options
 Exercise of stock options
 Issuance of new shares by way of public offering
 Third-party allotment associated with the secondary offering through over-allotment
 Exercise of stock options
 April 2, 2012
7 million yen
210,207 million yen
   April 1, 2013
8 million yen
210,215 million yen
   June 21, 2013
9 million yen
210,224 million yen
   June 25, 2014
37 million yen
210,262 million yen
   July 23, 2014
124,178 million yen
334,440 million yen
   August 19, 2014
8,663 million yen
343,104 million yen
   April 1, 2015
42 million yen
343,146 million yen
    July 24, 2018
180 million yen
Third-party allotment associated with the stock remuneration scheme using restricted stocks
2. Number of shares and shareholders
(As of March 31, 2019)
4,000,000 thousand shares
1,198,208 thousand shares Number of shareholders 761,102 persons
(Note) Numbers of shares less than one thousand are truncated. 3. Type of issued shares
Type Number of issued shares Common stock 1,198,208 thousand shares
(Note) Numbers of shares less than one thousand are truncated.
(As of March 31, 2019) Details
―
343,326 million yen
 Number of shares authorized to be issued
 Number of issued shares
          Annual Report 2019 82

 4. Major Shareholders (Top 10)
  Name of shareholders
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 1300000
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT – TREATY 505234
(As of March 31, 2019)
Ownership in the Company Shares held Percentage
thousands of shares % 70,960 6.17
58,907 5.12 58,272 5.06 45,000 3.91
21,896 1.90
20,857 1.81 19,083 1.65 17,161 1.49 16,983 1.47 16,684 1.45
               83
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
(Notes) 1. The treasury stock held by the Company (48,488 thousands of shares) is excluded from the above Major Shareholders.
2. Numbers of shares less than one thousand are truncated.
3. Percentage figures of ownership are calculated after deducting the number of treasury stock from the number of issued shares,
and figures less than the second decimal place are truncated.
5. Independent Auditor KPMG AZSA LLC
 Overview of the Insurance Holding Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
Main Businesses and Organization
Main businesses operated by the Company and its 85 subsidiaries and 135 affiliated companies, and the positioning of the group companies with respect to each of these businesses, are described as follows.
〈Diagram of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies〉
(Notes) 1. Company names of principal subsidiaries and affiliated companies are shown.
2. Company names with "*" are consolidated subsidiaries and "○" are affiliated companies under the equity method as of March 31,
2019.
3. NEOSTELLA CAPITAL CO., LTD. was dissolved as of March 30, 2018 and liquidation was completed on May 30, 2019.
  Annual Report 2019 84

 List of Group Companies
         TAL Life Limited
April 1, 2016
December 1, 2006
April 23, 1999
July 24, 1907
March 25, 2011
March 25, 2011
October 11, 1990
June 14, 1996
January 18, 2007
March 14, 2018
September 25, 2007
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Birmingham, U.S.A.
Sydney, Australia
Sydney, Australia
Sydney, Australia
Sydney, Australia
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Phnom Penh, Cambodia
  The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
  The Neo First Life
Insurance Company, Limited
  Protective Life Corporation
  TAL Dai-ichi Life Australia Pty Ltd
  TAL Dai-ichi Life Group Pty Ltd
    Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited
  Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company of Vietnam, Limited
   Dai-ichi Life Insurance (Cambodia) PLC.
     (Affiliated Company Under the Equity Method)
Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company Limited
Navi Mumbai, India
Overseas insurance business
   PT Panin Internasional
   PT Panin Dai-ichi Life
   OCEAN LIFE INSURANCE PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED
   Corporate-Pension Business Service Co., Ltd.
   Asset Management One Co., Ltd.
   Janus Henderson Group plc
   NEOSTELLA CAPITAL CO., LTD.
   85
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Company Name
Japan Excellent Asset Management Co., Ltd.
July 24, 1998
July 19, 1974
January 11, 1949
October 1, 2001
July 1, 1985
May 30, 2017
December 1, 1989
April 14, 2005
Jakarta, Indonesia
Jakarta, Indonesia
Bangkok, Thailand
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
London,
United Kingdom
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Minato-ku, Tokyo
1,022.5 billion IDR
1,067.3 billion IDR
2.360 billion THB
6.0 billion JPY
2.0 billion JPY
292 million USD
100 million JPY
400 million JPY
Overseas insurance business
Overseas insurance business
Overseas insurance business
Other business
Other business
Other business
Other business
Other business
Percentage of voting rights of subsidiaries, etc. held by Group companies (%) (Note 2)
100.0% 0.0%
100.0% 0.0%
100.0% 0.0%
100.0% 0.0%
100.0% 0.0%
0.0% 100.0%
0.0% 100.0%
0.0% 100.0%
100.0% 0.0%
100.0% 0.0%
45.9% 0.0%
36.8% 0.0%
5.0% 95.0%
24.0% 0.0%
0.0% 50.0%
49.0% 0.0%
15.7% 0.0%
0.0% 50.0%
0.0% 36.0%
Date of Establishment
Location
Capital
(Notes) 1. "Principal Business" is categorized with the three reportable segments of the Company.
2. "Percentage of voting rights of subsidiaries, etc. held by Group companies" represent percentages including the those of indirect
voting rights, which in turn include the percentages of "voting rights held by any persons who are found to exercise their voting rights in the same manner as the intent of the subject person due to their close ties with the subject person in terms of contribution, personnel affairs, funds, technology, transactions, etc. and those held by any persons who have given their consent to exercising their voting rights in the same manner as the intent of the subject person."
3. NEOSTELLA CAPITAL CO., LTD. was dissolved as of March 30, 2018 and liquidation was completed on May 30, 2019.
Principal Business (Note 1)
Percentage of voting rights of subsidiaries, etc. held by the Company (%)
  (Consolidated Subsidiary)
The Dai-ichi Life
Insurance Company, Limited
60.0 billion JPY
117.5 billion JPY
32.5 billion JPY
10 USD
2.130 billion AUD
2.217 billion AUD
0.604 billion AUD
0.764 billion AUD
7,697.5 billion VND
16 million USD
2.589 billion INR
Life insurance business in Japan
Life insurance business in Japan
Life insurance business in Japan
Overseas insurance business
Overseas insurance business
Overseas insurance business
Overseas insurance business
Overseas insurance business
Overseas insurance business
Overseas insurance business
         Main Businesses of the Insurance Holding Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
Key Management Indicators
Comprehensive income (million yen)
Consolidated solvency margin ratio (%)
Outline of business
Fiscal Year Ended March 31,
1,384,315           72,613 As of March 31,
818.2           869.7
         2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
      Ordinary revenues (million yen)
7,252,242
7,333,947
6,456,796
7,037,827
7,184,093
      Ordinary profit (million yen)
406,842
418,166
425,320
471,994
432,945
      Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company (million yen)
142,476
178,515
231,286
363,928
225,035
 (592,867)
264,969
684,757
        2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
      Total net assets (million yen)
3,589,927
2,932,959
3,137,266
3,749,271
3,713,592
      Total assets (million yen)
49,837,202
49,924,922
51,985,850
53,603,028
55,941,261
 763.8
749.2
838.3
 Ordinary revenues for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 increased by 2.1% compared to the previous fiscal year to 7,184.0 billion yen, consisting of 5,344.0 billion yen (9.4% increase) in premium and other income, 1,583.2 billion yen (12.2% decrease) in investment income, and 256.8 billion yen (26.7% decrease) in other ordinary revenues.
Meanwhile, the Group's ordinary expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 increased by 2.8% compared to the previous fiscal year to 6,751.1 billion yen, consisting of 3,839.1 billion yen (1.3% increase) in benefits and claims, 1,309.2 billion yen (7.0% increase) in provision for policy reserves and others, 541.5 billion yen (1.4% decrease) in investment expenses, 703.5 billion yen (6.4% increase) in operating expenses, and 357.6 billion yen (4.6% increase) in other ordinary expenses.
As a result, the Group's ordinary profit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 decreased by 8.3% compared to the previous fiscal year to 432.9 billion yen. Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company, which is ordinary profit after extraordinary gains and losses, provision for reserve for policyholder dividends and total of corporate income taxes, decreased by 38.2% compared to the previous fiscal year to 225.0 billion yen. There was a notable impact to the previous fiscal year results from favorable one-time factors including a re-measurement of deferred tax liabilities as a result of a reduction in the United States corporate tax rates recognized at the Protective Life Corporation and a share exchange gain recorded in relation to the merger between Janus Capital Group Inc. and Henderson Group plc, based in the United Kingdom.
Segment results were as follows: (1) Domestic Life Insurance Business
Ordinary revenues for the domestic life insurance business increased compared to the previous fiscal year by 316.9 billion yen, or 5.6%, to 5,933.2 billion yen due mainly to an increase in sales of foreign currency-denominated products at The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Segment profit decreased compared to the previous fiscal year by 35.8 billion yen, or 8.7%, to 375.7 billion yen due mainly to a decrease in interest and dividends income at The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited.
(2) Overseas Insurance Business
Ordinary revenues for the overseas insurance business decreased compared to the previous fiscal year by 119.6
billion yen, or 8.2%, to 1,341.8 billion yen due mainly to a decrease in investment income at Protective Life Corporation. Segment profit decreased compared to the previous fiscal year by 7.3 billion yen, or 12.2%, to 52.7 billion yen.
(3) Other Business
Ordinary revenues for other business increased compared to the previous fiscal year by 95.4 billion yen, or 147.8%, to
160.0 billion yen mainly because of an increase in dividends income. Segment profit increased compared to the previous fiscal year by 96.2 billion yen, or 199.4%, to 144.5 billion yen.
Annual Report 2019 86

 Consolidated Balance Sheet
(Unit: million yen)
As of March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2019
8,290 3,022 1,794 5,040
424,047 30,212 10,318
7,094 3,143 21 1 57 4,008 870 440 2,696 1,399 15,245 154 500 (11) (3) 504,020
434,989 5,005 426,396 3,587 3,419 9,570 12,802 3,805
11
8 1,966 1,966 2,802 684 500 470,561
3,093
2,970 10,220 (888) 15,396 18,934 34 (121) (697) (97) 18,052 10 33,458 504,020
    (ASSETS)
Cash and deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Money held in trust Securities
Loans
Tangible fixed assets
Land
Buildings
Leased assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets Software
Goodwill
Other intangible fixed assets
Reinsurance receivable
Other assets
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Reserve for possible loan losses
Reserve for possible investment losses Total assets
(LIABILITIES)
Policy reserves and others
Reserves for outstanding claims Policy reserves
Reserve for policyholder dividends
Reinsurance payable
Bonds payable
Other liabilities
Net defined benefit liabilities
Reserve for retirement benefits of directors,
executive officers and corporate auditors
Reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims Reserves under the special laws
Reserve for price fluctuations Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
(NET ASSETS)
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans Total accumulated other comprehensive income Subscription rights to shares
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
2018
891,285 164,600 195,133 523,828
44,916,958 3,487,682 1,130,525
773,762 346,027 4,276 97 6,362 414,995 86,422 51,481 277,091 94,064 1,676,172 1,201 108,514 (1,497) (436) 53,603,028
45,513,790 517,422 44,597,717 398,650 218,791 968,938 1,998,151 413,189
1,384
900 195,797 195,797 357,859 76,438 108,514 49,853,756
343,146 329,653 976,899 (60,076)
1,589,623 2,238,159 (9,649) (12,423) (49,201) (8,584) 2,158,300 1,348 3,749,271 53,603,028
2019
920,177 335,500 199,193 559,474
47,065,031 3,353,268 1,145,267
787,421 348,900 2,440 149 6,355 444,869 96,631 48,926 299,311 155,320 1,692,127 17,154 55,515 (1,248) (390) 55,941,261
48,279,458 555,517 47,325,761 398,178 379,568 1,062,252 1,420,986 422,346
1,298
900 218,259 218,259 311,059 76,023 55,515 52,227,668
343,326
329,723 1,134,392 (98,634) 1,708,808 2,101,587 3,803 (13,488) (77,457) (10,824) 2,003,621 1,162 3,713,592 55,941,261
               87
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Consolidated Statement of Earnings
(Unit: million yen)
Year ended March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2019
64,727 48,148 14,264 11,210
– 2,515 190 2 15 330 2,314
60,826 34,589 10,494
7,377 4,528 6,059 6,130
11,796 113 11,608 74 4,879 390 4 768 1,277 100 32 374 1,462 0 1 119 348 6,339 3,222
3,900
22 22
– 0
257 36 16 202 2
788 2,877 899 (49) 849 2,027 2,027
    ORDINARY REVENUES Premium and other income Investment income
Interest and dividends
Gains on investments in trading securities Gains on sale of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Reversal of reserve for possible loan losses Other investment income
Gains on investments in separate accounts
Other ordinary revenues
ORDINARY EXPENSES Benefits and claims
Claims
Annuities Benefits Surrender values Other refunds
Provision for policy reserves and others
Provision for reserves for outstanding claims Provision for policy reserves
Provision for interest on policyholder dividends
Investment expenses
Interest expenses
Losses on money held in trust
Losses on investments in trading securities
Losses on sale of securities
Losses on valuation of securities
Losses on redemption of securities
Derivative transaction losses
Foreign exchange losses
Provision for reserve for possible investment losses Write-down of loans
Depreciation of real estate for rent and others Other investment expenses
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
EXTRAORDINARY GAINS
Gains on disposal of fixed assets
Gains on exchange of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies
Other extraordinary gains
EXTRAORDINARY LOSSES
Losses on disposal of fixed assets Impairment losses on fixed assets Provision for reserve for price fluctuations Other extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends Income before income taxes
Corporate income taxes-current
Corporate income taxes-deferred
Total of corporate income taxes
Net Income
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company
2018 7,037,827 4,884,579 1,802,626 1,197,362
214,470 236,702 24,835 343 1,484 127,428 350,621
6,565,833 3,789,907 1,177,487
656,046 457,515 803,906 694,950
1,223,870 – 1,215,562 8,308 548,957 43,866 1,244 – 115,943 4,709 4,338 78,917 245,255 205 992 13,286 40,199 661,110 341,986
471,994
34,182 651
33,507 23
34,416 1,446 11,589 21,120 259
95,000 376,760 113,588
(100,757) 12,831 363,928 363,928
2019
7,184,093 5,344,016 1,583,228 1,244,255
– 279,220 21,146 237 1,692 36,676 256,848
6,751,148 3,839,105 1,164,756
818,785 502,606 672,578 680,379
1,309,287 12,553 1,288,468 8,265 541,541 43,306 448 85,306 141,762 11,151 3,569 41,586 162,354 37 120 13,254 38,642 703,573 357,641
432,945
2,512 2,476
– 36
28,607 4,064 1,801
22,462 279
87,500 319,349 99,814 (5,501) 94,313 225,035 225,035
                Annual Report 2019 88

 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
(Unit: million yen)
Year ended March
2018 2019 363,928 225,035
335,075 (134,626)
(Unit: million US dollars)
31,
    Net income
Other comprehensive income
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and
affiliates accounted for under the equity method Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income (Details)
Attributable to shareholders of parent company
15,579 (3)
(28,541) 11,288
(12,568)
320,828 (152,421) 684,757 72,613
684,757 72,613
2019
2,027
(1,212) 121 –
(195) (21)
(65) (1,373)
654 654
13,452 –
(21,674) (2,350)
(7,223)
     89
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Year ended March 31, 2018
Balance at the beginning of the year
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Capital stock
343,146 343,146
- 343,146
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
1,906,091 1,906,091
332,068
332,068 2,238,159
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Shareholders' equity
Retained earnings
665,345 665,345
(50,531) 363,928
(5,121) 3,277
311,553 976,899
(Unit: million yen)
Total shareholders' equity
1,300,756 -
1,300,756
- (50,531) 363,928 (22,999)
312 (5,121) 3,277
288,866 1,589,623
 Capital surplus
329,740 329,740
(87)
(87) 329,653
Treasury stock
(37,476) (37,476)
(22,999) 400
(22,599) (60,076)
(Unit: million yen)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(8,178) (8,178)
(41,023) (41,023) (49,201)
(Unit: million yen)
Total net assets
3,137,266 -
3,137,266
- (50,531) 363,928 (22,999)
312 (5,121) 3,277
323,138
612,005 3,749,271
     Accumulated other comprehensive income
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
(25,243) (17,541) (25,243) (17,541)
15,594 5,117 15,594 5,117 (9,649) (12,423)
      Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(19,865) (19,865)
11,280 11,280 (8,584)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
1,835,262 -
1,835,262
323,037
323,037 2,158,300
Subscription rights to shares
1,247 1,247
101
101 1,348
    Annual Report 2019 90

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets (Continued)
Year ended March 31, 2019
Balance at the beginning of the year
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Capital Capital stock surplus
343,146 329,653 343,146 329,653 180 180
(109)
180 70 343,326 329,723
Shareholders' equity
Retained earnings
976,899 (9,420)
967,479
(58,239) 225,035
1,064 (947)
166,913 1,134,392
Treasury stock
(60,076) (60,076)
(39,000) 441
(38,558) (98,634)
(Unit: million yen)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(49,201) (49,201)
(28,255) (28,255) (77,457)
(Unit: million yen)
Total net assets
3,749,271 (10,612)
3,738,659
360 (58,239) 225,035 (39,000)
331 1,064 (947)
(153,672) (25,066) 3,713,592
(Unit: million yen)
Total shareholders' equity
1,589,623 (9,420)
1,580,202
360 (58,239) 225,035 (39,000)
331 1,064 (947)
128,605 1,708,808
      Net unrealized
gains (losses) on Deferred hedge
securities, net gains (losses) of tax
2,238,159 (9,649) (1,192)
Reserve for land revaluation
Accumulated other comprehensive income
(12,423) 2,236,967 (9,649) (12,423)
(135,379)
(135,379) 2,101,587
Accumulated other comprehensive income
13,452 13,452 3,803
(1,064)
(1,064) (13,488)
Subscription rights to shares
1,348 1,348
(185)
(185) 1,162
      Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(8,584) (8,584)
(2,239)
(2,239) (10,824)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
2,158,300 (1,192)
2,157,108
(153,486)
(153,486) 2,003,621
    91
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Year ended March 31, 2019
(Unit: million US dollars)
 Shareholders' equity
Capital Capital Retained stock surplus earnings
Balance at the beginning of the year 3,091 2,970 8,801 Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies (84)
Treasury stock
(541) (541)
(351) 3
(347) (888)
Total shareholders' equity
14,322 (84)
14,237
3 (524) 2,027 (351)
2
9 (8)
1,158 15,396
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
3,091 2,970 8,716
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares 1 1
Dividends (524) Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company 2,027 Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock (0)
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation 9 Others (8) Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year 1 0 1,503 Balance at the end of the year 3,093 2,970 10,220
    Balance at the beginning of the year
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting policies
Balance at the beginning of the year after reflecting the effect of changes in accounting policies
Changes for the year
Issuance of new shares
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
20,165 (10)
(111) (443) (111) (443)
(9) (254)
(9) (254) (121) (697)
(Unit: million US dollars) Total net
(Unit: million US dollars) Accumulated other comprehensive income
  Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
(1,219) (1,219) 18,934
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
(86) 20,154 (86)
Reserve for land revaluation
121 121 34
      Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(77) (77)
(20) (20) (97)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
19,445 (10)
19,435
(1,382) (1,382) 18,052
Subscription rights to shares
12 12
(1) (1) 10
assets
33,780 (95)
33,684
3 (524) 2,027 (351)
2
9 (8) (1,384) (225)
33,458
    Annual Report 2019 92

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Amortization of goodwill
Increase (decrease) in reserves for outstanding claims
Increase (decrease) in policy reserves
Provision for interest on policyholder dividends
Provision for (reversal of) reserve for policyholder dividends Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible loan losses
Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible investment losses Write-down of loans
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liabilities
Increase (decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits of directors,
executive officers and corporate auditors
Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible reimbursement of
prescribed claims
Increase (decrease) in reserve for price fluctuations
Interest and dividends
Securities related losses (gains)
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses (gains)
Losses (gains) on disposal of fixed assets
Equity in losses (income) of affiliates
Gains on exchange of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies Decrease (increase) in reinsurance receivable
Decrease (increase) in other assets unrelated to investing and
financing activities
Increase (decrease) in reinsurance payable
Increase (decrease) in other liabilities unrelated to investing and
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Policyholder dividends paid Others, net
Corporate income taxes paid
Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Net decrease (increase) in cash and deposits
Purchases of monetary claims bought
Proceeds from sale and redemption of monetary claims bought Purchases of money held in trust
Proceeds from decrease in money held in trust
Purchases of securities
Proceeds from sale and redemption of securities
Origination of loans
Proceeds from collection of loans
Others, net
Total of net cash provided by (used in) investment transactions Total of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities and
investment transactions
Acquisition of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sale of tangible fixed assets
Acquisition of intangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sale of intangible fixed assets
Acquisition of stock of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope
of consolidation
Acquisition of stock of subsidiaries
Proceeds from transfer of business
Proceeds from acquisition of business
Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities
11,589 3,823 (35,828) 1,004,292 8,308 95,000 (564) (8) 992 8,378
(114)
100 21,120 (1,197,362) (478,445) 43,866 245,255 595 (5,528) (33,507) (6,147)
(40,271) 15,603
159,708
126,897 Subtotal 381,008
financing activities Others, net
2018
2019
319,349 13,254 50,914
1,801
4,390 35,993 1,155,292 8,265 87,500 (239) (46) 120 6,112
(85)
– 22,462 (1,244,255) (95,253) 43,306 162,354 527 (10,067) – (50,501)
(87,727) 158,963
(85,831) 83,869 580,470 1,424,532 (50,442) (96,237) 8,247 (169,576) 1,696,993
3,708 (34,317) 32,131 (117,960) 81,781 (10,790,799) 9,677,088 (738,590) 914,523 (279,306) (1,251,739)
445,253 (58,163) 22,833 (34,757) 295
(30,334) (881) 1,343 4,268 (1,347,136)
(Unit: million yen)
Year ended March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2019
2,877 119 458 16 39 324 10,408 74 788 (2) (0) 1 55
(0)
– 202 (11,210) (858) 390 1,462 4 (90) – (455)
(790) 1,432
(773) 755 5,229 12,834 (454) (867) 74 (1,527) 15,289
33 (309) 289 (1,062) 736 (97,223) 87,188 (6,654) 8,239 (2,516) (11,277)
4,011 (524) 205 (313) 2
(273) (7) 12 38 (12,137)
    CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Income before income taxes
Depreciation of real estate for rent and others
Depreciation 43,208
376,760 13,286
  1,356,311 (51,328) (90,542)
(369,626) (56,686) 1,169,136
(19,575) (29,134) 32,648 (355,628) 163,600 (9,663,806) 8,851,662 (715,646) 757,822 31,173 (946,884)
222,252 (35,547) 2,818 (34,129) –
– (1,696) – – (1,015,438)
        93
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (Unit: million yen)
Year ended March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2019
593 (1,781) 1,315 (361) (11) (151) (351) (523)
(19)
0 (1,292) (21) 1,838 9,307 11,145
    CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from borrowings
Repayment of borrowings
Proceeds from issuing bonds
Redemption of bonds
Repayment of financial lease obligations
Net increase (decrease) in short-term financing
Purchase of treasury stock
Cash dividends paid
Acquisitions of stock of subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Others, net
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
2018
60,455 (79,665) 62,176 (62,545) (2,177) 9,862 (22,999) (50,413)
(114)
0 (85,421) (12,364) 55,912 977,110 1,033,022
2019
65,860 (197,715) 146,055 (40,169) (1,331) (16,808) (39,000) (58,100)
(2,219)
0 (143,428) (2,373) 204,054 1,033,022 1,237,077
       Annual Report 2019 94

 95
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019
I. BASIS FOR PRESENTATION
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared from the accounts maintained by Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") and its consolidated subsidiaries in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan ("Japanese GAAP") which are different in certain respects from the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards.
Certain items presented in the consolidated financial statements are reclassified for the convenience of readers outside Japan. The notes to the consolidated financial statements include information which is not required under Japanese GAAP but is presented herein as additional information.
The amounts indicated in millions of yen are rounded down by truncating the figures below one million. Totals may not add up exactly because of such truncation. Amounts in U.S. dollars are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan. The rate of ¥110.99=US$1.00, the foreign exchange rate on March 31, 2019, has been used for translation of the truncated figures in Japanese yen. The inclusion of such amounts is not intended to imply that Japanese yen has been or could be readily converted, realized or settled into U.S. dollars at that rate or any other rate.
II. PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
1. Scope of Consolidation
The number of consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2019 was sixty-four. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, "the Group"), including The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited ("DL"), The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. ("DFLI"), The Neo First Life Insurance Company, Limited ("Neo First Life"), Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company of Vietnam, Limited ("DLVN"), TAL Dai-ichi Life Australia Pty Ltd ("TDLA"), Protective Life Corporation ("PLC") and Dai-ichi Life Insurance (Cambodia) PLC. ("DLKH").
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, DLKH, a non-consolidated subsidiary in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, was included in the scope of consolidation as its impact on the consolidated financial statements increased.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, three subsidiaries of TDLA were included in the scope of consolidation.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, one subsidiary of TDLA was excluded from the scope of consolidation as it had been liquidated.
The number of non-consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2019 was twenty-one. The main subsidiaries that are not consolidated for the purposes of financial reporting are The Dai-ichi Life Information Systems Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Seimei Business Service K.K and First U Anonymous Association.
The twenty-one non-consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2019 had, individually and in the aggregate, a minimal impact on the consolidated financial statements in terms of total assets, sales, net income (loss) (amount corresponding to equity interest), retained earnings (amount corresponding to equity interest), cash flows, and others.
2. Application of the Equity Method
The number of non-consolidated subsidiaries under the equity method as of March 31, 2019 was zero.
The number of affiliated companies under the equity method as of March 31, 2019 was one hundred and thirty-one. The affiliated companies included Asset Management One Co., Ltd., Corporate-pension Business Service Co., Ltd., Japan Excellent Asset Management Co., Ltd., NEOSTELLA CAPITAL CO., LTD., OCEAN LIFE INSURANCE PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED, Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company Limited, PT Panin International and Janus Henderson Group plc.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the total one hundred and fifteen companies of Janus Henderson Group plc were included in the scope of the equity method as it had become an affiliated company of the Company.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, two affiliated companies of PLC were included in the scope of the equity method as it had become an affiliated company of the Company.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, one affiliated company of Asset Management One Co., Ltd. was included in the scope of the equity method as it had become an affiliated company of the Company.
As a result of the business integration with Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd., effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, Trust & Custody Services Bank Ltd. was excluded from the scope of the equity method.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, nine affiliated companies of Janus Henderson Group plc were excluded from the scope of the equity method.
NEOSTELLA CAPITAL CO., LTD. wound up on March 30, 2018, and completed liquidation on May 30, 2019.
The non-consolidated subsidiaries (The Dai-ichi Life Information Systems Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Seimei Business Service K.K. and First U Anonymous Association and others), as well as affiliated companies (Mizuho-DL Financial Technology Co., Ltd., O.M. Building Management Co., Ltd., and others) were not accounted for under the equity method. These companies had, individually and in the aggregate, a minimal impact on the consolidated financial statements, in terms of the net income (loss) (amount corresponding to equity interest), retained earnings (amount corresponding to equity interest) and others.
 3. Year-end Dates of Consolidated Subsidiaries
The closing date of domestic consolidated subsidiaries is March 31, whereas that of consolidated overseas subsidiaries is December 31 or March 31. Financial information as of those closing dates is used to prepare the consolidated financial statements, although the necessary adjustments are made when significant transactions take place between the account closing date of an individual subsidiary and that of the consolidated financial statements.
4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (1) Valuation Methods of Securities
Securities held by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries including cash and deposits and monetary claims bought which are equivalent to marketable securities, and marketable securities managed as trust assets in money held in trust, are carried as explained below:
The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts is calculated by the straight-line method.
a) Trading Securities
Trading securities are carried at fair value with cost determined by the moving average method.
b) Held-to-maturity Bonds
Held-to-maturity bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
c) Policy-reserve-matching Bonds (in accordance with the Industry Audit Committee Report No.21 "Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Policy-reserve-matching Bonds in the Insurance Industry" issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (JICPA))
Policy-reserve-matching bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
d) Stocks of Non-consolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies Not Accounted for under the Equity Method
Stocks of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies not accounted for under the equity method are stated at cost determined by the moving average method.
e) Available-for-sale Securities
i) Available-for-sale Securities with Fair Values
Available-for-sale securities which have market value are valued at fair value at the end of the fiscal year (for
domestic stocks, the average market value during March), with cost determined by the moving average method. ii) Available-for-sale Securities Whose Fair Values Are Extremely Difficult to Recognize
a. Government/Corporate Bonds (including Foreign Bonds), Whose Premium or Discount Represents the Interest Adjustment
Government/corporate bonds (including foreign bonds), whose premium or discount represents the interest adjustment are valued at the amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
b. Others
All others are valued at cost determined by the moving average method.
Net unrealized gains or losses on these available-for-sale securities are presented as a separate component of net assets and not in the consolidated statement of earnings.
Securities held by certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries are stated at cost determined by the first-in first-out.
(2) Valuation Method of Derivative Transactions
Derivative transactions are reported at fair value.
(3) Depreciation of Depreciable Assets
a) Depreciation of Tangible Fixed Assets Excluding Leased Assets
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets excluding leased assets of the Company and its domestic consolidated
subsidiaries is calculated by the declining balance method (the depreciation of buildings (other than facilities attached to buildings and structures that were acquired on or before March 31, 2016) is calculated by the straight-line method).
Estimated useful lives of major assets are as follows: Buildings two to sixty years Other tangible fixed assets two to twenty years
Tangible fixed assets other than land and buildings that were acquired for ¥100,000 or more but less than ¥200,000 are depreciated at equal amounts over three years.
With respect to tangible fixed assets that were acquired on or before March 31, 2007 and that were fully depreciated to their original depreciable limit, effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008, the remaining values are depreciated at equal amounts over five years from the following fiscal year of the year in which they reached the original depreciable limit.
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets owned by consolidated overseas subsidiaries is calculated by the straight-line method.
Annual Report 2019 96

 97 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
b) Amortization of Intangible Fixed Assets Excluding Leased Assets
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries use the straight-line method for amortization of intangible fixed assets
excluding leased assets.
Intangible fixed assets acquired through the business combination of consolidated overseas subsidiaries are
amortized over a period during which their effect is estimated, in proportion to the manner in which their effect is realized.
Software for internal use is amortized by the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of two to eight years.
c) Depreciation of Leased Assets
Depreciation of leased assets with regard to finance leases whose ownership does not transfer to the lessees is
computed under the straight-line method assuming zero salvage value and using the lease period as the useful life.
(4) Reserve for Possible Loan Losses
The reserve for possible loan losses of consolidated subsidiaries that operate a life insurance business in Japan is calculated based on the internal rules for self-assessment, write-offs, and reserves on assets.
For loans to and claims on obligors that have already experienced bankruptcy, reorganization, or other formal legal failure (hereafter, "bankrupt obligors") and loans to and claims on obligors that have suffered substantial business failure (hereafter, "substantially bankrupt obligors"), the reserve is calculated by deducting the estimated recoverable amount of the collateral or guarantees from the book value of the loans and claims after the direct write-off described below.
For loans to and claims on obligors that have not yet suffered business failure but are considered highly likely to fail (hereafter, "obligors at risk of bankruptcy"), the reserve is calculated, taking into account a) the recoverable amount covered by the collateral or guarantees and b) an overall assessment of the obligor's ability to repay.
For other loans and claims, the reserve is calculated by multiplying the actual rate or other appropriate rate of losses from bad debts during a certain period in the past by the amount of the loans and claims.
For all loans and claims, the relevant department in each subsidiary performs an asset quality assessment based on the internal rules for self-assessment, and an independent audit department audits the result of the assessment. The above reserves are established based on the result of this assessment.
For loans and claims to bankrupt and substantially bankrupt obligors, the unrecoverable amount is calculated by deducting the amount deemed recoverable from collateral and guarantees from the amount of the loans and claims and is directly written off from the amount of the loans and claims. The amounts written off during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥6 million and ¥2 million (US$0 million), respectively.
The reserve for possible loan losses of consolidated subsidiaries that do not operate a life insurance business in Japan is calculated mainly by considering the estimated recoverable amount from the book value of individual loans.
(5) Reserve for Possible Investment Losses
In order to provide for future investment losses, a reserve for possible investment losses is established for securities whose fair values are extremely difficult to recognize. It is calculated based on the internal rules for self-assessment, write- offs, and reserves on assets.
(6) Reserve for Retirement Benefits of Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Auditors
For the reserve for retirement benefits of directors, executive officers and corporate auditors, an estimated amount for future payment in accordance with the internal policies of certain consolidated subsidiaries is provided.
(7) Reserve for Possible Reimbursement of Prescribed Claims
To prepare for the reimbursement of claims for which prescription periods had expired, an estimated amount for reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims based on past reimbursement experience is provided.
(8) Net Defined Benefit Liabilities
For the net defined benefit liabilities, the amount is provided by deducting the pension assets from the projected benefit obligations based on the estimated amounts as of March 31, 2019. The accounting treatment for retirement benefits is as follows.
a) Allocation of Estimated Retirement Benefits
In calculating the projected benefit obligations, the benefit formula basis is adopted to allocate estimated retirement
benefit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
b) Amortization of Actuarial Differences
Actuarial differences are amortized under the straight-line method through a certain period (seven years) within the
employees' average remaining service period, starting from the following year. Certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries apply corridor approach.
Certain consolidated subsidiaries apply the simplified method in calculating their projected benefit obligations.
 (9) Reserve for Price Fluctuations
A reserve for price fluctuations is calculated based on the book value of stocks and other securities at the end of the year in accordance with the provisions of Article 115 of the Insurance Business Act.
(10) Translation of Assets and Liabilities Denominated in Foreign Currencies into Yen
The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries translate foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities (excluding stocks of its non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not accounted for under the equity method) into yen at the prevailing exchange rates at the end of the year. Stocks of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not accounted for under the equity method are translated into yen at the exchange rates on the dates of acquisition. Assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses of the Company's consolidated overseas subsidiaries are translated into yen at the exchange rates at the end of their fiscal year.
Translation adjustments associated with the consolidated overseas subsidiaries are included in foreign currency translation adjustments in the net assets section of the consolidated balance sheet.
For certain consolidated subsidiaries of the Company, changes in fair value of bonds included in foreign currency- denominated available-for-sale securities related to foreign currency-denominated insurance contracts are divided into two: changes in fair value due to changes in market prices in their original currencies are accounted for as "net unrealized gains (losses) on securities", and the remaining changes are reported in "foreign exchange gains (losses)".
(11) Hedge Accounting
a) Methods for Hedge Accounting
As for the Company and certain of its domestic consolidated subsidiaries, hedging transactions are accounted for in
accordance with the "Accounting Standards for Financial Instruments" (ASBJ Statement No.10 issued on March 10, 2008). Primarily, i) special hedge accounting and the deferral hedge method for interest rate swaps are used for cash flow hedges of certain loans, government and corporate bonds, loans payable and bonds payable; ii) the currency allotment method and the deferral hedge method using foreign currency swaps, foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated monetary claims are used for cash flow hedges against exchange rate fluctuations in certain foreign currency-denominated bonds, loans, loans payable and bonds payable and certain foreign currency- denominated term deposits and stocks (forecasted transaction); iii) the fair value hedge method using currency options and foreign currency forward contracts is used for hedges against exchange rate fluctuations in the value of certain foreign currency-denominated bonds; iv) the deferral hedge method for bond over-the-counter options is used for hedges against interest-rate fluctuations in certain foreign currency-denominated bonds; v) the deferral hedge method and fair value hedge method using equity options and equity forward contracts are used for hedges against price fluctuations in the value of certain domestic stocks and foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction), and vi) the deferral hedge method using interest rate swaps is used for hedges against interest rate fluctuations in certain insurance liabilities, under the "Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments to Insurance Operators" (Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26 issued by JICPA).
b) Hedging Instruments and Hedged Items
Hedging instruments Interest rate swaps
Foreign currency swaps
Foreign currency forward contracts
Foreigncurrency-denominatedmonetary claims
Currency options
Bond over-the-counter options Equity options
Equity forward contracts
Hedged items
Loans, government and corporate bonds, loans payable, bonds
payable, insurance liabilities
Foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated loans, foreign currency-denominated loans payable,
foreign currency-denominated bonds payable
Foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated term deposits, foreign currency-denominated stocks
(forecasted transaction)
Foreigncurrency-denominatedstocks(forecastedtransaction)
Foreign currency-denominated bonds Foreign currency-denominated bonds
Domestic stocks, foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction)
Domestic stocks
  c) Hedging Policies
The Company and certain of its domestic consolidated subsidiaries conduct hedging transactions with regard to
certain market risk and foreign currency risk of underlying assets to be hedged, in accordance with the internal investment policy and procedure guidelines.
Annual Report 2019 98

 99 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
d) Assessment of Hedge Effectiveness
Hedge effectiveness is assessed primarily by a comparison of fluctuations in cash flows or fair value of hedged items
to those of hedging instruments.
(12) Amortization of Goodwill
Goodwill is amortized over an effective period up to 20 years under the straight-line method. The entire amount is expensed as incurred if the amount is immaterial.
(13) Scope of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows consist of cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition, which are readily convertible into cash and have an insignificant risk of changes in value.
(Changes in Accounting Policies)
Previously, cash and cash equivalents consisted of the following items contained in the consolidated balance sheet: cash and deposits, call loans, commercial paper included in monetary claims bought, money market funds included in securities, and overdrafts included in other liabilities.
In order to more accurately present the actual cash flows, scope of cash and cash equivalents has been revised and consists of cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition, which are readily convertible into cash and have an insignificant risk of changes in value.
This change in the accounting policies has been applied retrospectively.
As a result, "Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities" decreased by ¥19,575 million (US$184 million), "Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents" increased by ¥68 million (US$0 million), "Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents" decreased by ¥19,507 million (US$183 million), "Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year" decreased by ¥3,355 million (US$31 million), and "Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year" decreased by ¥22,863 million (US$215 million) in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
(14) Calculation of National and Local Consumption Tax
The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries account for national and local consumption tax mainly by the tax-exclusion method. Deferred consumption tax included in non-recoverable consumption tax on certain assets is capitalized as other assets and amortized equally over five years in accordance with the Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act, and such taxes other than deferred consumption tax are recognized as an expense when incurred.
(15) Policy Reserve
Policy reserves of the consolidated subsidiaries that operate a life insurance business in Japan are established in accordance with Article 116 of the Insurance Business Act. Insurance premium reserves are calculated as stated in a) and b) below. Policy reserves include additional policy reserves for some whole life insurance policies in accordance with Article 69, Paragraph 5 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act.
a) Reserves for policies subject to the standard policy reserve rules are calculated based on the methods stipulated by the Commissioner of Financial Services Agency (Notification of the Minister of Finance No. 48, 1996).
b) Reserves for other policies are established based on the net level premium method.
Policy reserves of consolidated overseas subsidiaries are calculated based on the each country's accounting standard, such as US GAAP.
(16) Policy Acquisition Costs
The costs of acquiring and renewing policies, which include agent commissions and certain other costs directly related to the acquisition of policies, are expensed when incurred as the Insurance Business Act in Japan does not permit insurance companies to defer and amortize these costs.
(17) Changes in Accounting Policies - Revenue from contracts with customers
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB").
Under the new guidance principle, entities are required to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
In accordance with the amendments in this update applied on a modified retrospective basis, a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings was recorded at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
As a result, retained earnings decreased by ¥10,612 million (US$99 million) at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. There was no significant impact on the figures in the consolidated statement of earnings for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
The impact on the figures in per share information is described XX. PER SHARE INFORMATION.
 (18) Changes in Accounting Policies - Recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries adopted ASU No. 2016-01 - Financial Instruments - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities issued by the FASB.
The update requires that equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income.
In accordance with the amendments in this update applied on a modified retrospective basis, a cumulative effect adjustment to both retained earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income was recorded at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
As a result, retained earnings increased by ¥1,192 million (US$11 million) and net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax decreased by ¥1,192 million (US$11 million) at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. There was no significant impact on the figures in the consolidated statement of earnings for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
There was no significant impact on the figures in per share information.
(19) Accounting Standard and Guidance Not Yet Adopted
Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944) (US GAAP, ASU No. 2018-12 issued on August 15, 2018) a) Outline
The amendments in this Update are mainly designed to make improvements of (i) the accounting treatment of the liability for future policy benefits, (ii) the measurement of benefits with market risks at fair value, and (iii) the amortization methods of deferred acquisition costs of insurance contracts.
Companies that have adopted US GAAP will apply the amendments in this Update from the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2020 (early adoption is permitted).
b) Scheduled date for adoption
Certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries that have adopted US GAAP will apply the amendments in this Update,
but the date for application is undetermined. c) Impact of applying the standard and guidance
The impact of applying the standard and guidance is currently under assessment.
(Additional information)
Incentive Programs for Employees
The Company conducts transactions by granting its stocks to its employees using trust scheme ("the Stock Granting Trust
(J-ESOP)") to incentivize its employees to improve stock prices and financial results. a) Overview of the transactions
J-ESOP is a program to grant stocks of the Company to the employees who fulfill requirements under the Stock Granting Regulations of the Company and its group companies. The Company vests points to each managerial level employee based on her/his contribution, and vests stocks based on total points at retirement. Such stocks, including stocks to be granted in the future, are purchased by money held in the J-ESOP trust, managed separately from book of the Company.
b) While adopting "Practical Solution on Transactions of Delivering the Company's Own Stock to Employees etc. through Trusts." (ASBJ PITF No. 30), the Company applies the same accounting treatment as before.
c) Information related to the stocks of the Company which the trusts hold
i) Book value of the stocks of the Company within the trust as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥6,455 million and
¥6,291 million (US$56 million), respectively. These stocks were recorded as the treasury stock in the total
shareholders' equity.
ii) The number of stocks within the trust as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were 4,270 thousand shares and 4,161
thousand shares, and the average number of stocks within the trust for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were 4,294 thousand shares and 4,203 thousand shares, respectively. The number of shares at the year-end and the average number of stocks were included in the treasury stock, which is deducted when calculating per-share information.
AnnualReport2019 100

 III. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 1. Assets Pledged as Collateral / Secured Liabilities
The amounts of securities and deposits pledged as collateral were as follows:
As of March 31, 2018 2019
(Unit: million yen)
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
1,865 134 2 2,003
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
733 175 0 909
   Securities Deposits Others Total
The amounts of secured liabilities were as follows:
Payables under repurchase agreements
Cash collateral for securities lending transactions Others
Total
657,654 5,925 – 663,579
207,081 14,947 299 222,328
As of March 31, 2019
    2018
(Unit: million yen)
  – 299,045 – 299,045
81,426 19,473 21 100,920
   The amount of "Securities" pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements and for securities lending transactions with cash collateral as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥251,489 million and ¥99,252 million (US$894 million), respectively.
2. Securities Lending
Securities lent under lending agreements are included in the consolidated balance sheet. The total balance of securities lent as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥1,749,161 million and ¥2,307,472 million (US$20,789 million), respectively.
3. Risk Management Policy of Policy-reserve-matching Bonds
Certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries categorize their insurance products into sub-groups by the attributes of each product and, in order to manage risks properly, formulate their policies on investments and resource allocation based on the balance of the sub-groups. Moreover, they periodically check that the duration gap between policy-reserve-matching bonds and policy reserves stays within a certain range.
The sub-groups of insurance products of DL are:
Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
i) individual life insurance and annuities,
ii) non-participating single premium whole life insurance (without duty of medical disclosure), iii) financial insurance and annuities, and
iv) group annuities,
with the exception of certain types.
The sub-groups of insurance products of DFLI are:
Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
i) individual life insurance and annuities(yen-denominated),
ii) individual life insurance and annuities(U.S. dollar-denominated),
iii) individual life insurance and annuities(Australian dollar-denominated), and iv) individual life insurance and annuities(New Zealand dollar-denominated),
with the exception of certain types and contracts.
(Additional information)
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, DFLI integrated the sub-groups of individual life insurance and annuities (yen-denominated, short-term) and individual life insurance and annuities (yen-denominated, long-term) into individual life insurance and annuities (yen-denominated).This integration has been conducted for the purpose of carrying out appropriate duration control in terms of efficient ALM, following the shortened policy reserve duration, in accordance with the sales discontinuation of the products categorized as individual life insurance and annuities (yen-denominated, short-term). There was no impact on the figures in the consolidated statement of earnings.
  101 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 4. Stocks of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
The amounts of stocks of and stakes in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies of the Company held were as follows:
Stocks Capital Total
5. Problem Loans
107,197 62,952 170,149
202,679 1,826 66,475 598 269,155 2,425
As of March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
   The amounts of credits to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, loans past due for three months or more, and restructured loans, which were included in loans, were as follows:
As of March 31, 2018 2019
(Unit: million yen)
4,235
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
0 35 – 1 38
   Credits to bankrupt borrowers (*1)
Delinquent loans (*2)
Loans past due for three months or more (*3)
Restructured loans (*4)
Total 2,704
115 88 2,537 3,953 – – 52 193
   (*1) Credits to bankrupt borrowers represent non-accrual loans, excluding the balances already written
prescribed in Article 96, Paragraph 1, Item 3, (a) to (e) or 4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act. Interest accruals of such loans are suspended since the principal of or interest on such loans is unlikely to be collected.
(*2) Delinquent loans are credits that are delinquent other than credits to bankrupt borrowers and loans for which interest payments have been suspended to assist and support the borrowers in the restructuring of their businesses.
(*3) Loans past due for three months or more are loans for which interest or principal payments are delinquent for three months or more under the terms of the loans excluding those classified as credits to bankrupt borrowers or delinquent loans.
(*4) Restructured loans are loans for which certain concessions favorable to borrowers, such as interest reductions or exemptions, postponement of principal or interest payments, release from repayment or other agreements have been negotiated for the purpose of assisting and supporting the borrowers in the restructuring of their businesses. This category excludes loans classified as credits to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, and loans past due for three months or more.
As a result of the direct write-off of loans, decreases in credits to bankrupt borrowers and delinquent loans were as follows: As of March 31,
off, which meet the conditions
   Credits to bankrupt borrowers Delinquent loans
6. Commitment Line
2018 2019 (Unit: million yen)
3 2 3 –
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
0 –
 As of March 31, 2018 and 2019, there were unused commitment line agreements under which the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries were the lenders of ¥110,263 million and ¥139,433 million (US$1,256 million), respectively.
7. Accumulated Depreciation of Tangible Fixed Assets
The amounts of accumulated depreciation of tangible fixed assets as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥625,682 million and ¥614,786 million (US$5,539 million), respectively.
8. Assets and Liabilities Held in Separate Accounts
The total amounts of assets held in separate accounts defined in Article 118, Paragraph 1 of the Insurance Business Act as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥3,260,643 million and ¥3,044,451 million (US$27,429 million), respectively. Separate account liabilities were the same amount as the separate account assets.
AnnualReport2019 102

 9. Changes in Reserve for Policyholder Dividends
Changes in reserve for policyholder dividends were as follows:
Balance at the beginning of the year
Dividends paid during the year
Interest accrual during the year
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends Balance at the end of the year
Year ended March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   385,884 (90,542) 8,308 95,000 398,650
398,650 3,591 (96,237) (867) 8,265 74 87,500 788 398,178 3,587
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
   10. Obligations to the Life Insurance Policyholders Protection Corporation of Japan
The estimated future obligations of consolidated companies that operate a life insurance business in Japan to the Life Insurance Policyholders Protection Corporation of Japan under Article 259 of the Insurance Business Act as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥56,369 million and ¥56,111 million (US$505 million), respectively. These obligations will be recognized as operating expenses for the years in which they are paid.
11. Revaluation of Land
Based on the "Act on Revaluation of Land" (Act No. 34, March 31, 1998), land for business use was revalued. The difference between the fair value and book value resulting from the revaluation, net of related deferred taxes, is recorded as a reserve for land revaluation as a separate component of net assets and the related deferred tax liability is recorded as deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation.
• Date of revaluation: March 31, 2001
• Method stipulated in Article 3, Paragraph 3 of the Act on Revaluation of Land:
The fair value was determined based on the appraisal value publicly announced for tax assessment purposes with certain reasonable adjustments in accordance with Article 2-1 and 2-4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land (Publicly Issue Cabinet Order No. 119, March 31, 1998).
103 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 12. Bonds Payable
As of March 31, 2018 and 2019, bonds payable included foreign currency-denominated subordinated bonds of ¥551,872 million and ¥647,888 million (US$5,837 million), respectively, whose repayment is subordinated to other obligations.
Issuer
The Company
DL
(*1)
(*2)
TDLA
Total
Description
1st series perpetual subordinated bond
Foreign currency (US dollar) denominated perpetual subordinated bonds
Foreign currency (US dollar) denominated bonds (Note: 3)
Foreign currency (US dollar) denominated subordinated bonds
Foreign currency (Australian dollar) denominated subordinated bonds
–
date
March 19, 2019
From March 15, 2011 To July 20, 2016
From August 15, 1994 to August 23, 2018
From August 10, 2017 to May 1, 2018
March 31, 2017
–
Details of bonds payable were as follows: Issuance
Balance as of April 1, 2018
(Unit: million yen) –
476,277 [4,800 mil US$]
417,065 [3,690 mil US$]
55,967 [495 mil US$]
19,627 [240 mil AUD]
968,938
Balance as of March 31, 2019
85,000
476,277 [4,800 mil US$]
414,363 [3,733 mil US$]
67,202 [605 mil US$]
19,409 [246 mil AUD]
1,062,252
Interest rate (%)
1.22
From 4.00 to 7.25
From 4.30 to 8.45
From 3.55 to 5.35
6.00
–
Maturity Collateral date
None Perpetual
None Perpetual
From October None 15, 2019 to
July 15, 2052
From May 1, None 2038 to August
10, 2052
March None 31, 2027
– –
      Note: 1. The above (*1) represents the total of bonds issued by the following consolidated overseas subsidiaries: PLC, Golden Gate II Captive Insurance Company, Golden Gate V Vermont Captive Insurance Company, MONY Life Insurance Company and Golden Gate Captive Insurance Company.
The above (*2) represents the total of bonds issued by the following consolidated overseas subsidiaries: PLC and Protective Life Insurance company.
2. Figures in [ ] are the amounts denominated in foreign currency.
3. Foreign currency (US dollar) denominated bonds of ¥46,228 million yen (US$416 million) are due in one year or less.
4. The following table shows the maturities of long-term subordinated bonds for the 5 years subsequent to March 31, 2019
Bonds payable
Bonds payable
–
Due after one year through two years
–
Due after two years
Due in one year or less
44,400
Due in one year or less
400 – –
Due after one year Due after two years through two years through three years
Due after three years through four years
–
Due after three years through four years
–
Due after four years through five years
–
Due after four years through five years
–
 (Unit: million yen)
 through three years (Unit: million US dollars)
  AnnualReport2019 104

 13. Subordinated Debt and Other Liabilities
As of March 31, 2018 and 2019, other liabilities included subordinated debt of ¥283,000 million and ¥283,000 million (US$2,549 million), respectively, whose repayment is subordinated to other obligations.
Details of borrowings and lease obligations were as follows: Balance as of
Average interest rate (%)
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Category
Current portions of lease obligations
Long-term borrowings (excluding current portion)
Lease obligations
(excluding current portion)
Other interest-bearing liabilities Payables under repurchase
Balance as of March 31, April 1, 2018 2019
(Unit: million yen)
Maturity
Balance as of April 1, 2018
 agreements (current portion)
Total 755,660
1.3–– 733
– – 7,112 6,331
1,571 751,251
2,837
–
988 618,721
1,629
81,426
702,766
(Unit: million US dollars) ––14 8
September
0.9 2021~ 7,071 5,574
–
perpetual January 2020
~ December 26 14 2023
   Note: 1. Those borrowings, lease obligations and payables under repurchase agreements above are included in the "other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheet.
2. The average interest rate represents the weighted-average rate applicable to the balance as of March 31, 2019. As for lease obligations, the average interest rate of is
not presented above because interests of certain lease obligations are included in the total amount of lease payments.
3. The following table shows the maturities of long-term borrowings (excluding the current portion or those without maturities) and lease obligations (excluding the
current portion) for the 5 years subsequent to March 31, 2019: Due after one year through two years
Due after two years Due after three years through three years through four years
Due after four years through five years
6,907 16
Due after four years through five years
62 0
 Long-term borrowings Lease obligations
Long-term borrowings Lease obligations
14. Securities Borrowing
– 854
Due after one year through two years
– 7
(Unit: million yen) 321,907
634
Due after two years through three years
6,907 123
Due after three years through four years
  (Unit: million US dollars)
2,900 62 5 1
 Securities borrowed under borrowing agreements and securities received as collateral of reinsurance transactions can be sold or pledged as collateral. As of March 31, 2018 and 2019, the market value of the securities which were not sold or pledged as collateral was ¥129,588 million and ¥143,197 million (US$1,290 million), respectively. None of the securities were pledged as collateral as of March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
15. Organizational Change Surplus
As of March 31, 2018 and 2019, the amounts of organizational change surplus stipulated in Article 91 of the Insurance Business Act were ¥117,776 million and ¥117,776 million (US$1,061 million), respectively.
105 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 IV. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
1. Operating Expenses
Details of operating expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows: Year ended March 31,
 Sales activity expenses
Sales management expenses General management expenses
2. Gains on Disposal of Fixed Assets
282,630 95,253 283,227
311,924 2,810 96,739 871 294,909 2,657
2018 2019 2019
  (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
 Details of gains on disposal of fixed assets for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows: Year ended March 31,
   Land
Buildings
Other tangible fixed assets
Total
Losses on Disposal of Fixed Assets
2018 2019 (Unit: million yen)
421 2,065 199 406 30 3 651 2,476
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
18 3 0 22
     3.
Details of losses on disposal of fixed assets for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows: Year ended March 31,
 2018 2019 (Unit: million yen)
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
  Land 327 Buildings 712 Leased assets 0 Other tangible fixed assets 205 Software 41
253 2 2,555 23 75 0 119 1 878 7 153 1 28 0 4,064 36
Other intangible fixed assets Other assets
Total
– 158 1,446
   AnnualReport2019 106

 4. Impairment Losses on Fixed Assets
Details of impairment losses on fixed assets of the consolidated subsidiaries that operate a life insurance business in Japan for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows:
a) Method of Grouping Assets
Real estate and other assets used for insurance business purposes are recognized as one asset group for each
consolidated company. Each property for rent and property not in use, which is not used for insurance business purposes, is deemed to be an independent asset group.
b) Background for Recognition of Impairment Losses
As a result of significant declines in profitability or market value of some asset groups, the consolidated subsidiaries
wrote down the book value of these assets to the recoverable value, and reported such write-off as impairment losses in extraordinary losses.
c) Breakdown of Impairment Losses
Impairment losses by asset group for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 were as follows:
Impairment Losses
Land Buildings Total (Unit: million yen)
46 7,961 3,627 11,589
Impairment losses by asset group for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 were as follows:
Asset Group
Asset Group
Real estate not in use
Place
Place Number
Niigata city, Niigata Prefecture and others 20
Number
   Real estate not in use
Chuo-ku, Tokyo and others
Land Buildings Total (Unit: million yen)
1,052 714 1,766
Land Buildings
(Unit: million US dollars)
9 6 15
Impairment Losses
 Total
   107 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
d) Calculation of Recoverable Value
Value in use or net sale value is used as the recoverable value of real estate for rent, and net sale value is used as the
recoverable value of real estate not in use. Discount rates of 2.34% and 2.28% for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, were applied for discounting future cash flows in the calculation of value in use. Estimated disposal value, appraisal value based on real estate appraisal standards, or appraisal value based on publicly assessed land value for tax purposes is used as the net sale value.
 V. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME The amount reclassified and tax effect amounts related to other comprehensive income were as follows:
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Amount incurred during the year
Amount reclassified
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Amount incurred during the year
Amount reclassified
Amount adjusted for asset acquisition cost
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation Amount incurred during the year Amount reclassified
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Reserve for land revaluation
Foreign currency translation adjustments Amount incurred during the year Amount reclassified
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax Amount incurred during the year
Amount reclassified
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Amount incurred during the year Amount reclassified
Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Total other comprehensive income
488,128 (16,139) 471,989
(136,914) 335,075
15,467 5,074 1,158
21,700 (6,121) 15,579
– – –
(3) (3)
(28,541) – (28,541) – (28,541)
12,621 3,250 15,871 (4,583) 11,288
(2,573) (9,995)
(12,568) 320,828
(150,463) (18,255) (168,719) 34,092 (134,626)
14,987 3,495 235 18,718 (5,266) 13,452
– – – – –
(21,674) – (21,674) – (21,674)
(2,152) (1,098) (3,250)
900 (2,350)
(7,135) (87)
(7,223) (152,421)
Year ended March 31, 2018 2019
(Unit: million yen)
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
(1,355) (164) (1,520) 307 (1,212)
135 31 2 168 (47) 121
– – – – –
(195) – (195) – (195)
(19) (9) (29) 8 (21)
(64) (0)
(65) (1,373)
                      AnnualReport2019 108

 VI. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 1. For the Year Ended March 31, 2018
(1) Type and Number of Shares Outstanding
  Common stock
Treasury stock(*1)(*2)(*3)
At the beginning of the year
1,198,023 22,873
Year ended March 31, 2018
Increase during Decrease during the year the year (Unit: thousands of shares)
– – 10,602 245
At the end of the year
1,198,023 33,230
 (*1) Treasury stock at the beginning and the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, includes 4,334 thousand shares and 4,270 thousand shares held by the trust fund
through the J-ESOP, respectively.
(*2) The increase of 10,602 thousand shares of treasury stock was due to the repurchase of outstanding common stock.
(*3) The decrease of 245 thousand shares of treasury stock represents the sum of (1) 181 thousand shares due to the exercise of stock acquisition rights (stock options) and
(2) 64 thousand shares granted to eligible employees at retirement by the J-ESOP.
(2) Stock Acquisition Rights
Issuer Details
The Company Stock acquisition rights in the form of stock options 1,348
   109 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
(3) Dividends on Common Stock
a) Dividends paid during the fiscal
b) Dividends, the record date of which was March 31, 2018, to be paid out in the year ending March 31, 2019
year ended March 31, 2018
June 26, 2017 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥50,531 million
¥43
Date of resolution
Type of shares
Total dividends(*)
Dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
Dividend resource
(*) Total dividends did not include ¥186 million of dividends to the J-ESOP trust, as the Company recognized the shares held by the trust as treasury shares.
March 31, 2017 June 27, 2017 Retained earnings
Date of resolution
Type of shares
Total dividends(*)
Dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
Dividend resource
(*) Total dividends did not include ¥213 million of dividends to the J-ESOP trust, as the Company recognized the shares held by the trust as treasury shares
June 25, 2018 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥58,239 million
¥50
March 31, 2018 June 26, 2018 Retained earnings
Balance as of March 31, 2018 (Unit: million yen)
  2. For the Year Ended March 31, 2019
(1) Type and Number of Shares Outstanding
  Common stock(*1) Treasury stock(*2)(*3)(*4)
At the beginning of the year
1,198,023 33,230
Year ended March 31, 2019
Increase during Decrease during the year the year (Unit: thousands of shares)
185 – 19,678 258
At the end of the year
1,198,208 52,650
 (*1) The increase of 185 thousand shares of outstanding common stock was due to the issuance of new shares under stock remuneration scheme.
(*2) Treasury stock at the beginning and the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, includes 4,270 thousand shares and 4,161 thousand shares held by the trust fund
through the J-ESOP, respectively.
(*3) The increase of 19,678 thousand shares of treasury stock was due to the repurchase of outstanding common stock.
(*4) The decrease of 258 thousand shares of treasury stock represents the sum of (1) 150 thousand shares due to the exercise of stock acquisition rights (stock options) and
(2) 108 thousand shares granted to eligible employees at retirement by the J-ESOP.
(2) Stock Acquisition Rights
Issuer Details
The Company Stock acquisition rights in the form of stock options 1,162(US$10 million)
   Balance as of March 31, 2019 (Unit: million yen)
 (3) Dividends on Common Stock
a) Dividends paid during the fiscal
Date of resolution
Type of shares
Total dividends(*)
Dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
Dividend resource
year ended March 31, 2019
June 25, 2018 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥58,239 million (US$524 million)
¥50 (US$0.45)
March 31, 2018 June 26, 2018 Retained earnings
(*) Total dividends did not include ¥213 million (US$1 million) of dividends to the J-ESOP trust, as the Company recognized the shares held by the trust as
treasury shares.
b) Dividends, the record date of which was March 31, 2019, to be paid out in the year ending March 31, 2020
Date of resolution
Type of shares
Total dividends(*)
Dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
Dividend resource
June 21, 2019 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥66,442 million (US$598 million)
¥58 (US$0.52)
March 31, 2019 June 24, 2019 Retained earnings
(*) Total dividends did not include ¥241 million (US$2 million) of dividends to the J-ESOP trust, as the Company recognized the shares held by the trust as
treasury shares
VII. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
1. Reconciliations of Cash and Cash Equivalents to Consolidated Balance Sheet Accounts
Details of reconciliations of cash and cash equivalents to consolidated balance sheet accounts were as follows: As of March 31,
 2018 2019 (Unit: million yen)
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
8,290 3,022 (167) 11,145
  Cash and deposits
Call loans
Term deposits exceeding three months and others
Cash and cash equivalents
891,285 164,600 (22,863)
1,033,022
920,177 335,500 (18,600)
1,237,077
   (*) As described in the "Changes in Accounting Policies", the Company has changed scope of cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows, effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. This change in the accounting policies has been applied retrospectively.
AnnualReport2019 110

 2. Breakdown of Assets and Liabilities of Newly Consolidated Subsidiaries as a Result of the Acquisition of Shares
Associated with the consolidation of Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited as a result of the acquisition of share, the breakdown of the assets and liabilities of Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited at the beginning of the consolidation, and the reconciliation of the acquisition price with net cash flow for the acquisition were as follows:
(Unit: million yen) Assets 336,163
Cash and cash deposits included in the above assets 19,994 Liabilities (282,609)
(Unit: million US dollars) 3,028
Policy reserves and others included in the above liabilities
Acquisition price of shares of Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited Accounts payables included in acquisition price
Cash and cash equivalents held by Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited Acquisition of stock of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
(272,674) 53,553 (3,224) (19,994)
30,334
180 (2,546) (2,456) 482 (29) (180)
273
    3. Breakdown of Increased Assets and Liabilities as a Result of the Acquisition of business
Associated with the acquired in-force blocks of individual insurance and annuities under a reinsurance agreement from Liberty Life Assurance Company of Boston to PLC, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, the breakdown of the increased assets and liabilities and the reconciliation of the proceeds from acquisition of business were as follows:
(Unit: million yen) Assets 1,518,917
Cash and cash deposits included in the above assets 4,268 Liabilities (1,518,917)
(Unit: million US dollars) 13,685
38 (13,685) (13,614) 38 38
Policy reserves and others included in the above liabilities Cash and cash equivalents included in acquired assets
Proceeds from acquisition of business
VIII. LEASE TRANSACTIONS
1. Finance Leases (As Lessee)
(1,511,029) 4,268 4,268
    For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, information regarding finance leases (as lessee) is omitted due to the importance on the consolidated financial statements.
2. Operating Leases
Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows: (As Lessee)
As of March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   Due within one year Due after one year
Total
(As Lessor)
12,413 2,534 22 16,707 12,844 115 29,121 15,378 138
As of March 31,
2018 2019 2019
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
      (Unit: million yen) 293
3,845 Total 4,138
(Unit: million US dollars)
Due within one year Due after one year
312
3,767 33 4,079 36
2
   111 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 IX. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OTHERS
1. Financial Instruments
(1) Policies in Utilizing Financial Instrument
The Group mainly operates in life insurance business and, in an effort to manage investment assets in a manner appropriate to liabilities, which arise from the insurance policies underwritten, engages in asset liability management, or ALM, which considers the long-term balance between assets and liabilities to ensure stable returns. With this strategy, the Group holds fixed income investments, including bonds and loans, as the core of its asset portfolio. While placing its financial soundness first, the Group also holds stocks and foreign securities within its tolerable risk to enhance its profitability and facilitate diversification of investment risks.
The Group uses derivatives primarily to hedge market risks associated with its existing asset portfolio and to mitigate the risks associated with guaranteed minimum maturity benefits of individual variable annuity insurance.
With respect to financing, the Group has raised capital directly from the capital markets by issuing subordinated bonds as well as indirectly from banks in order to strengthen its capital base. To avoid impact from interest-rate fluctuations, the Group utilizes derivative transactions in hedging some of such financial liabilities and adopts hedge accounting.
(2) Financial Instruments Used and Their Risks
Securities included in financial assets of the Group, mainly stocks and bonds, are exposed to market fluctuation risk, credit risk and interest-rate risk and some of the securities denominated in foreign currency are exposed to foreign currency risk. Also, loans are exposed to credit risk arising from the defaults of obligors.
The Group might be exposed to liquidity risk in certain circumstance in which it cannot make timely payments of principal, interest or other amounts due to unpredictable cash outflows or is forced to raise capital with interest rates substantially higher than usual. Also, some of its loans payable and bonds payable which are floating interest rate based and denominated in foreign currency are exposed to interest-rate risk and foreign currency risk.
The Group utilizes a) interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain of its loans receivable and payable, b) equity forward contracts to hedge market fluctuation risks associated with domestic stocks, and c) foreign currency forward contracts, currency options and foreign currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with certain foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated short-term deposits and foreign currency- denominated debts, etc. and adopts hedge accounting.
In addition, certain consolidated subsidiaries utilize a) interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain insurance liabilities, under the "Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments to Insurance Operators" (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26), and b) foreign currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with funding agreements and adopts hedge accounting.
In applying the hedge accounting, in order to fulfill requirements stipulated in accounting standards such as the "Accounting Standards for Financial Instruments" (ASBJ Statement No. 10 issued on March 10, 2008), the Group has established investment policy and procedure guidelines and clarified the transactions to be hedged, the risk of underlying assets to be hedged and derivative instruments to be used, and conducted pre- and post-effectiveness tests of the transactions.
(3) Risk Management
The Group manages risk in accordance with a basic policy for risk management, rules for management procedures, etc. defined by the board of directors, etc.
a) Market risk management
Under the internal investment policy and market risk management policy, DL manages market risk by conducting mid-
to long-term asset allocation in a manner appropriate to its liabilities. Therefore, it categorizes its portfolio into sub- groups, based on their investment purpose, and manages them taking into account each of their risk characteristics. i) Interest rate risk
DL keeps track of interest rates and durations of its assets and liabilities, monitors its internal analyses on duration gap and interest rate sensitivity, and periodically reports its findings to the board of directors, etc.
ii) Currency risk
DL keeps track of currency composition of its financial assets and liabilities, conducts sensitivity analyses, and
periodically reports its findings to the board of directors, etc. iii) Fluctuation in market values
DL defines risk management policies and management procedures for each component of its overall portfolio, including securities, based on the risk characteristics of the categories, and sets and manages upper limits of each asset balance and asset allocation weight.
Such management conditions are periodically reported by its risk management sections to the board of directors, etc.
iv) Derivative transactions
For derivative transactions, DL has established internal check system by segregating (i) the executing
department, (ii) the department which engages in assessment of hedge effectiveness, and (iii) the back-office. Additionally, in order to limit speculative use of derivatives, it has put restrictions on utilization purpose, such as hedging, and establishes position limits for each asset class.
AnnualReport2019 112

 113 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
The consolidated subsidiaries other than DL have established appropriate risk management systems in accordance with the Group's basic policy for risk management, etc.
DFLI utilizes derivatives in order to reduce the risk associated with guaranteed minimum maturity benefits of individual variable annuities and hedge foreign currency risks associated with bonds. For derivatives used to reduce the risk associated with guaranteed minimum maturity benefits of individual variable annuities, in accordance with its internal regulations to manage the risks associated with its guaranteed minimum maturity benefits, it (i) assesses the hedge effectiveness of derivative transactions, (ii) manages gains and losses from derivative transactions on a daily basis, and (iii) periodically checks its progress on reducing the risk associated with its guaranteed minimum maturity benefits and measures estimated losses based on VaR (value-at-risk). The risk management section is in charge of managing overall risks including risks associated with the guaranteed minimum maturity benefits, and periodically reports the status of such management to the board of directors, etc.
b) Credit Risk Management
In accordance with the internal investment policy and credit risk management procedure guidelines, DL has
established a credit management system related to loans, such as preliminary reviews on individual transactions, credit limit setting, credit information management, internal credit rating, attachment of guarantees and collateral, and follow- ups on problem loans. For corporate bond investment, the credit section sets investment caps on individual issuers taking into account internal credit ratings and other factors. Excessive risk-taking is restricted since front offices make investment within those caps. Policies and frameworks for large-lot borrowers have been formulated in order to prevent credit concentration by monitoring compliance, etc. That credit management has been conducted by the credit and risk management sections, and has been periodically reported to its board of directors, etc. Additionally, the internal audit section has also checked credit management status.
Credit risk of security issuers and counterparty risk with respect to derivative transactions are managed by the credit section, which sets upper limits for each counterparty and financial instrument and periodically monitors credit information, and by the risk management section, which periodically monitors current exposures.
The consolidated subsidiaries other than DL have established appropriate risk management systems in accordance with the Group's basic policy for risk management, etc.
(4) Supplementary Explanation for Fair Value of Financial Instruments
As well as the values based on market prices, fair value of financial instruments includes values which are reasonably calculated in case market prices do not exist. As the calculation of those values adopts certain assumptions, those values may vary in case different assumptions are applied. Also, for the contract value regarding derivative transactions described in "2. Fair Value of Financial Instruments", the "Notional amount/contract value" itself does not indicate market risk related to derivative transactions.
 2. Fair Values of Financial Instruments
The carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet, fair value and differences between carrying amount and fair value as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows.
The following tables do not include financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to recognize (please refer to Note 2).
Carrying amount
(1) Cash and deposits 891,285 (2) Call loans 164,600 (3) Monetary claims bought 195,133 (4) Money held in trust 523,828 (5) Securities
a. Trading securities 5,103,308 b. Held-to-maturity bonds 355,877 c. Policy-reserve-matching bonds 15,654,655 d. Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies 815 e. Available-for-sale securities 23,116,985
(6) Loans 3,487,682
Fair value (Unit: million yen)
891,285 164,600 195,133 523,828
5,103,308 366,225 18,521,357 815 23,116,985
3,600,132 52,483,672
979,680
758,617 1,738,298
[46,347] 166,180 119,832
Gains (losses)
– – – –
– 10,348 2,866,701 – –
112,997 2,990,047
10,742 7,366 18,109
– (2,351) (2,351)
Gains (losses)
As of March 31, 2018
  (547) 3,487,134 Total assets 49,493,625
(1) Bonds payable 968,938 (2) Long-term borrowings 751,251 Total liabilities 1,720,189
Derivative transactions (*2)
a. Hedge accounting not applied [46,347] b. Hedge accounting applied 168,532
Total derivative transactions 122,184
(*1) Excluding general reserves for possible loan losses and specific reserves for possible loan losses related to loans. (*2) Credits/debts from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. Figures in [ ] are net debts.
Reserves for possible loan losses (*1)
         As of March 31, 2019
 Carrying Gains amount Fair value (losses)
Carrying amount
  (1) Cash and deposits
(2) Call loans
(3) Monetary claims bought (4) Money held in trust
(5) Securities
a. Trading securities
b. Held-to-maturity bonds
c. Policy-reserve-matching bonds
d. Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated
companies
e. Available-for-sale securities
(6) Loans
Reserves for possible loan losses (*1)
Total assets
(1) Bonds payable
(2) Payables under repurchase agreements (3) Long-term borrowings
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2)
a. Hedge accounting not applied b. Hedge accounting applied
Total derivative transactions
– – – –
8,290 3,022 1,794 5,040
44,726 3,189 151,601
964
219,023 30,212 (2) 30,209 467,864
9,570 733 5,574 15,878
[393] 100 [293]
8,290 – 3,022 – 1,794 – 5,040 –
44,726 – 3,134 (55) 180,937 29,336
776 (187) 219,023 –
30,950 741 497,698 29,834
9,482 (87) 733 – 5,587 12 15,803 (75)
[393] – 77 (22) [316] (22)
(Unit: million yen) 920,177 920,177 335,500 335,500 199,193 199,193 559,474 559,474
Fair value
(Unit: million US dollars)
4,964,194 4,964,194 353,977 347,854 16,826,256 20,082,306
107,033 86,168
24,309,464 24,309,464 3,353,268
(309)
3,352,958 3,435,204
51,928,230 55,239,538
1,062,252 1,052,499 81,426 81,426 618,721 620,130 1,762,400 1,754,055
[43,729] [43,729] 11,119 8,619 [32,609] [35,110]
– (6,122) 3,256,049
(20,864) –
82,246 3,311,308
(9,753) – 1,408 (8,344)
– (2,500) (2,500)
         (*1) Excluding general reserves for possible loan losses and specific reserves for possible loan losses related to loans. (*2) Credits/debts from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. Figures in [ ] are net debts.
AnnualReport2019 114

 Note 1: Notes to Methods for Calculating Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Securities and Derivative Transactions Assets
(1) Cash and deposits
Since deposits are mainly close to maturity or have no maturity and their fair value is close to the carrying amounts, fair value is based on the carrying amount.
(2) Call loans
Since all call loans are close to due date and their fair value is close to carrying amounts, fair value of call loans is based
on their carrying amount.
(3) Monetary claims bought
The fair value of monetary claims bought is based on the reasonably calculated price.
(4) Money held in trust
The fair value of stocks is based on the price on stock exchanges and that of bonds is based on the price on bond markets or price presented by counterparty financial institutions. The fair value of mutual funds is based on unit price.
For details on derivative transactions of money held in trust, please refer to XII. DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS.
(5) Securities
The fair value of stocks is based on the price on stock exchanges and that of bonds is based on the price on bond markets or price presented by counterparty financial institutions. The fair value of mutual funds is based on unit price. As for ownership stakes in partnerships, the amount equivalent to partnership interest in fair value of the partnership assets is recorded as fair value of the stake in the partnership. Additionally, notes for the securities for each investment purpose are described in X. SECURITIES.
(6) Loans
The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting future cash flows of the subject loan, using interest rates
corresponding to the internal credit rating and remaining period which are assumed to be applied to new loans to the subject borrower.
Additionally, for risk-monitored loans, reserve for possible loan losses is calculated based on the present value of estimated future cash flows or the amount deemed recoverable from collateral and guarantees and the fair value is close to the carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet minus reserve for possible loan losses at the end of the fiscal year. Therefore, that amount (the carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet minus reserve for possible loan losses) is recorded as the fair value of risk-monitored loans.
Also, loans without a due date because of their characteristics that their exposure is limited to the amount of their collaterals, are deemed to have fair value close to book value, taking into account estimated repayment period and interest rates. Therefore, their book value is recorded as the fair value.
Liabilities
(1) Bonds payable
The fair value of bonds is based on the price on the bond market.
(2) Payables under repurchase agreements
Since the terms of all payables under repurchase agreements are short and their fair value is close to the carrying amounts, fair value is based on the carrying amount.
(3) Long-term borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings is calculated by discounting future cash flows, using interest rates corresponding
to internal credit rating and remaining periods which are assumed to be applied to new borrowing. Also, certain of long-term borrowings are deemed to have fair value close to book value, taking into account interest rates. Therefore, their book value is recorded as the fair value.
Derivative Instruments
For details on derivative transactions, please refer to XII. DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS.
Note 2: Financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to recognize are as follows and are not included in the fair value of (5) Securities in Note 1
 As of March 31,
2018 2019 2019
  Carrying amount (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
  1. Unlisted domestic stocks (*1)(*2) 2. Unlisted foreign stocks (*1)(*2) 3. Other foreign securities (*1)(*2) 4. Other securities (*1)(*2)
Total
77,088
64,022 448,852 95,350 685,315
80,840 728
64,622 582 254,205 2,290 104,437 940 504,105 4,541
   (*1) These securities cannot be assigned a market value because of unavailability of tradable markets, and they are excluded from disclosure of fair value. (*2) For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, impairment charges of ¥375 million and ¥836 million (US$7 million), respectively, were recorded.
115 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Note 3: Scheduled redemptions of monetary claims and securities with maturities
As of March 31, 2018
 Due in 1 year Due after 1 year Due after 5 years
Due after 10 years
–
– 179,789
2,000 297,642 11,293,547 348,441 1,336,592
5,984,501
21,370
642,471
or less
889,905 164,600 6,000
–
– 88,570 26,616 239,849
414,887
46,033
391,390
through 5 years through 10 years (Unit: million yen)
 Cash and deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Securities:
Held-to-maturity bonds (bonds)
Held-to-maturity bonds(foreign securities) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (bonds) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (foreign securities) Available-for-sale securities with maturities (bonds) Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(foreign securities)
Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(other securities) Loans (*)
1,384 – 3,025
–
– 205,551 235,355 720,017
2,290,618
91,800
912,873
– – –
48,100 100 1,163,763 2,156,388 989,604
3,530,330
240,516
964,541
 (*) Loans for which interest or principal payments cannot be forecasted, such as credit to bankrupt obligors, substantially bankrupt obligors and obligors at risk of bankruptcy, amounted to ¥86 million were not included. Also, ¥553,011 million of loans without maturities were not included.
As of March 31, 2019
Due in 1 year Due after 1 year Due after 5 years or less through 5 years through 10 years
Due after 10 years
–
– 176,314
5,200 283,383 11,124,247 502,666 1,218,501
6,979,386
44,109 572,827
Due after 10 years
–
– 1,588
46 2,553 100,227 4,528 10,978
62,883
397
5,161
  Cash and deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Securities:
Held-to-maturity bonds (bonds)
Held-to-maturity bonds(foreign securities) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (bonds) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (foreign securities) Available-for-sale securities with maturities (bonds) Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(foreign securities)
Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(other securities) Loans (*)
Cash and deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Securities:
Held-to-maturity bonds (bonds)
Held-to-maturity bonds(foreign securities) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (bonds) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (foreign securities) Available-for-sale securities with maturities (bonds) Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(foreign securities)
Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(other securities) Loans (*)
(Unit: million yen) 919,685 497
335,500 – – 4,646
– 50,600
– 5,200 44,900 374,228 12,563 571,407
247,665 598,341 426,419 2,986,546
21,565 194,339 333,083 1,014,910
As of March 31,
–
– 10,020
500 1,400 1,334,269 2,738,456 1,067,472
3,673,241
290,248 860,609
2019
  Due in 1 year Due after 1 year Due after 5 years or less through 5 years through 10 years
 (Unit: million US dollars) 8,286 4
3,022 – – 41
– 455
– 46 404 3,371 113 5,148
2,231 5,390 3,841 26,908
194 1,750
3,001 9,144
–
– 90
4 12 12,021 24,672 9,617
33,095
2,615
7,753
 (*) Loans for which interest or principal payments cannot be forecasted, such as credit to bankrupt obligors, substantially bankrupt obligors and obligors at risk of bankruptcy, amounted to ¥86 million (US$ 0 million) were not included. Also, ¥557,403 million (US$5,022 million) of loans without maturities were not included.
AnnualReport2019 116

 Note 4: Scheduled maturities of bonds, long term borrowings, and other interest-bearing liabilities As of March 31, 2018
  Bonds payable (*1)
Long term borrowings (*2)
or less
16,950 –
through 2 years
45,200
18,251
through 3 years through 4 years (Unit: million yen)
– – – 450,000
As of March 31, 2019
through 5 years
– –
5 years
406,806 –
Due in 1 year Due after 1 year Due after 2 years Due after 3 years Due after 4 years Due after
 (*1) ¥476,277 million of bonds payable without maturities were not included.
(*2) ¥283,000 million of long term borrowings without maturities were not included.
 Due in 1 year or less
44,400 81,426 –
Due in 1 year or less
Due after 1 year through 2 years
Due after 2 years Due after 3 years Due after 4 years Due after through 3 years through 4 years through 5 years 5 years
(Unit: million yen)
– – – 437,869
 Bonds payable (*1) Payables under repurchase agreements
Long term borrowings (*2)
Bonds payable (*1) Payables under repurchase agreements
Long term borrowings (*2)
–
–
– 321,907 6,907 6,907 –
– – – –
  Due after 1 year through 2 years
As of March 31, 2019
Due after 2 years Due after 3 years Due after 4 years Due after through 3 years through 4 years through 5 years 5 years
(Unit: million US dollars)
– – –3,945
– – – – 2,900 62 62 –
 400 – 733 – – –
 (*1) ¥561,277 million (US$5,057 million) of bonds payable without maturities were not included.
(*2) ¥283,000 million (US$2,549 million) of long term borrowings without maturities were not included.
X. SECURITIES
1. Trading Securities
Gains (losses) on valuation of trading securities
2. Held-to-maturity Bonds
Carrying amount
Held-to-maturity securities with unrealized gains: (1) Bonds
Year ended March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   (Unit: million yen)
110,962 (345,897) (3,116)
As of March 31, 2018 Fair
value (Unit: million yen)
52,090 50,160 – 1,929 236,336 236,336 288,427
309 – – 309 77,488 77,488 77,798 366,225
(Unit: million US dollars)
   48,230 46,316 – 1,913 227,681 227,681 Subtotal 275,912
Unrealized gains (losses)
3,860 3,844 – 16 8,654 8,654 12,515
(1) – – (1) (2,165) (2,165) (2,166) 10,348
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
  Held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses: (1) Bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
311 – – 311 79,654 79,654 Subtotal 79,965 Total 355,877
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
    117 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Held-to-maturity securities with unrealized gains: (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
Subtotal
Held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses: (1) Bonds
54,447 46,617 – 7,829 4,711 4,711 59,159
57,899 3,451 49,940 3,322 – – 7,958 128 4,733 21 4,733 21 62,632 3,472
599 (0) – – – –
599 (0) 284,623 (9,594) 284,623 (9,594) 285,222 (9,595) 347,854 (6,122)
  490
  420
   –
   70
   42
   42
  533
5 – – 5
2,650 2,650 2,656 3,189
521 31 449 29 – – 71 1 42 0 42 0 564 31
5 (0) – – – – 5 (0)
2,564 (86) 2,564 (86) 2,569 (86) 3,134 (55)
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
600 – – 600 294,217 294,217 294,817 353,977
Carrying Fair Unrealized
Carrying amount
Fair value
Unrealized gains (losses)
dollars)
amount
value gains (losses)
(Unit: million yen)
As of March 31, 2019
   (Unit: million US
      3.
Subtotal Total
Policy-reserve-matching Bonds
 Subtotal
Policy-reserve-matching bonds with unrealized losses:
Carrying amount
As of March 31, 2018 Fair
value (Unit: million yen)
15,249,007 14,430,474 113,682 704,851 2,153,077 2,153,077 17,402,084
357,009 213,374 321 143,314 762,262 762,262 1,119,272 18,521,357
 Policy-reserve-matching bonds with unrealized gains:
Unrealized gains (losses)
2,820,661 2,755,578 14,772 50,310 75,657 75,657 2,896,318
(12,047) (9,543) (3) (2,500) (17,569) (17,569) (29,616) 2,866,701
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign Securities a. Foreign bonds
12,428,346 11,674,895 98,910 654,540 2,077,420 2,077,420 14,505,766
  (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign Securities a. Foreign bonds
Subtotal Total
369,057 222,917 325 145,815 779,831 779,831 1,148,889 15,654,655
    AnnualReport2019 118

 (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
12,868,843 11,748,006 124,631 996,205 3,634,988 3,634,988 16,503,832
15,915,549 14,704,261 142,896 1,068,391 3,852,476 3,852,476 19,768,026
46,983 – – 46,983 267,296 267,296 314,279 20,082,306
3,046,706 2,956,255 18,265 72,185 217,487 217,487 3,264,193
(396) – – (396) (7,748) (7,748) (8,144) 3,256,049
115,945 105,847 1,122 8,975 32,750 32,750 148,696
426 – – 426 2,478 2,478 2,904 151,601
]
143,396 27,450 132,482 26,635 1,287 164 9,626 650 34,710 1,959 34,710 1,959 178,106 29,409
423 (3) – – – –
423 (3) 2,408 (69) 2,408 (69) 2,831 (73)
180,937 29,336
value (Unit: million yen)
gains (losses)
As of March 31, 2019
 Carrying amount
Policy-reserve-matching bonds with unrealized gains:
Fair Unrealized
Carrying amount
Fair value
Unrealized gains (losses)
  (Unit: million US dollars)
 Subtotal
Policy-reserve-matching bonds with unrealized losses:
 (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
47,379 – – 47,379 275,044 275,044 322,424 16,826,256
    4.
Subtotal Total
Available-for-sale Securities
 Carrying amount
As of March 31, 2018 Acquisition
cost
(Unit: million yen)
3,457,686 2,074,108 25,338 1,358,239 1,440,923 7,527,570 6,920,204 607,365 652,540 13,078,720
333,599 431 4,794 328,373 197,398 6,481,700 5,986,462 495,238 203,853 7,216,551 20,295,272
 Available-for-sale securities with unrealized gains:
Unrealized gains (losses)
498,843 430,416 1,706 66,720 2,045,830 754,984 591,334 163,649 40,471 3,340,129
(9,487) (53) (148) (9,284) (29,892) (229,744) (207,912) (21,831) (4,163) (273,287) 3,066,842
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
3,956,530 2,504,525 27,044 1,424,960 3,486,754 8,282,554 7,511,539 771,015 693,011 16,418,850
 Subtotal
Available-for-sale securities with unrealized losses:
 (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
Subtotal Total
324,112 377 4,645 319,089 167,505 6,251,956 5,778,549 473,406 199,689 6,943,264 23,362,114
    Note:Other securities include (1) certificates of deposit and (2) trust beneficiary rights, which were recorded as cash and deposits and monetary claims bought on the consolidated balance sheet, respectively. The aggregate acquisition cost and carrying amount of such certificates of deposit were ¥50,000 million and ¥49,995 million, respectively, as of March 31, 2018. The aggregate acquisition cost and carrying amount of trust beneficiary rights were ¥188,874 million and ¥195,133 million, respectively, as of March 31, 2018.
119 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 As of March 31, 2019
Carrying amount
(Unit: million US
Unrealized gains (losses)
dollars)
4,709 4,068 13 627 16,601 7,414 6,019 1,395 449 29,175
(12) (0) (0) (11) (461) (3,427) (3,253) (173) (23) (3,924) 25,251
 Carrying amount
Available-for-sale securities with unrealized gains:
Acquisition Unrealized
Acquisition cost
cost
(Unit: million yen)
gains (losses)
  (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
4,061,211 2,403,662 26,872 1,630,676 3,054,170 9,691,820 9,013,318 678,502 784,223 17,591,426
92,825 2,330 1,864
88,629 295,933 6,419,337 6,024,457 394,879 179,130 Subtotal 6,987,226 Total 24,578,652
3,538,516 1,952,069 25,372 1,561,074 1,211,519 8,868,839 8,345,230 523,609 734,314 14,353,190
94,165 2,362 1,898
89,904 347,146 6,799,705 6,385,569 414,136 181,742 7,422,759 21,775,949
522,695 451,593 1,499 69,602 1,842,650 822,981 668,088 154,892 49,909 3,238,236
(1,340) (31) (34) (1,275) (51,212) (380,368) (361,111) (19,256) (2,612) (435,533) 2,802,703
36,590 21,656 242 14,692 27,517 87,321 81,208 6,113 7,065 158,495
836 20 16 798 2,666 57,837 54,279 3,557 1,613 62,953 221,449
31,881 17,587 228 14,064 10,915 79,906 75,189 4,717 6,616 129,319
848 21 17 810 3,127 61,264 57,532 3,731 1,637 66,877 196,197
 Subtotal
Available-for-sale securities with unrealized losses: (1) Bonds
 a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
    Note:Other securities include (1) certificates of deposit and (2) trust beneficiary rights, which were recorded as cash and deposits and monetary claims bought on the consolidated balance sheet, respectively. The aggregate acquisition cost and carrying amount of such certificates of deposit were ¥70,000 million (US$630 million) and ¥69,995 million (US$630 million), respectively, as of March 31, 2019. The aggregate acquisition cost and carrying amount of trust beneficiary rights were ¥191,055 million (US$1,721 million) and ¥199,193 million (US$1,794 million), respectively, as of March 31, 2019.
5. Held-to-maturity Bonds Sold
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries sold no held-to-maturity bonds during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019.
AnnualReport2019 120

 6. Policy-reserve-matching Bonds Sold
Policy-reserve-matching bonds sold during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows: Year ended March 31, 2018
 Amounts sold
854,871 786,968 – 67,903 86,579 86,579 – 941,451
Amounts sold
Realized gains
Realized losses
 (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities
Total
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities
Total
(Unit: million yen)
133,078 –
129,924 – – – 3,153 – 2,224 1,193 2,224 1,193 – – 135,302 1,193
   (Unit: million 848,310 126,480
835,742 126,062 – – 12,568 417 51,127 292 51,127 292 – – 899,438 126,773
3,844 3,844 – – 1,349 1,349 – 5,194
Realized gains
Realized losses
yen)
Amounts Realized sold gains
(Unit: million US 7,643 1,139 7,529 1,135
– – 113 3 460 2 460 2
– – 8,103 1,142
Realized losses
dollars)
34
34 – – 12 12 – 46
Year ended March 31, 2019
      121 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 7. Available-for-sale Securities Sold
Available-for-sale securities sold during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows: Year ended March 31, 2018
  (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
Total
Amounts sold
233,465 43,362 3,386 186,716 163,978 4,423,122 4,020,781 402,340 121,062 4,941,628
Amounts sold
Realized gains
(Unit: million yen) 3,542
2,766 – 776 43,140 46,198 13,751 32,446 8,519 101,399
Realized losses
4,857 41 145 4,670 5,203 101,671 91,082 10,589 3,017 114,750
   (Unit:
gains (Unit: million US
Year ended March 31, 2019
 Realized Realized
Amounts sold
Realized Realized
gains million yen)
losses
4,817
–
–
4,817
6,127
122,319
104,102 18,217 3,303 136,567
losses dollars)
36 43 21 – 0 – 15 43 599 55 707 1,102
272 937 435 164 30 29 1,373 1,230
  (1) Bonds 255,444
a. Government bonds 44,927
b. Local government bonds 2,751
c. Corporate bonds 207,765
(2) Domestic Stocks 197,606
(3) Foreign securities 4,399,564
a. Foreign bonds 3,831,640
b. Other foreign securities 567,924 (4) Other securities 125,523 Total 4,978,139
8. Securities Written Down
4,067
2,378
13
1,675
66,489
78,531
30,190 48,340 3,359 152,447
2,301
404
24
1,871
1,780
39,639
34,522 5,116 1,130
44,852
   The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries write down the balance of certain available-for-sale securities with fair values (1) when the fair value of such securities declines by 50%, or more, of its purchase cost or (2) when the fair value of such securities without a certain level of creditworthiness declines by 30% or more, but less than 50%, of its purchase cost unless it is deemed that there is a possibility that the fair value of the security could recover to equal or exceed the purchase cost. The aggregate amounts written down from the balance of available-for-sale securities with fair value for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥4,333 million and ¥10,314 million (US$92 million), respectively.
XI. MONEY HELD IN TRUST
1. Money Held in Trust for Trading
Carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet Gains (losses) on valuation of money held in trust
As of March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
523,828 559,474 5,040 (9,234) (1,376) (12)
 AnnualReport2019 122

 XII. DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS
1.
Derivative Transactions (Hedge Accounting Not Applied) (1) Currency-related transactions
(A) Notional amount/ contract value
28,969 11,619 9,799 7,549
2,927,206
U.S. dollar
Euro 823,408
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
(235) (149) (81) (4)
24,127 2,359 9,839
10,185 731
(37) 1,049
(28,940) (7,469) (17,325) (3,175) (291)
18 (696)
(3,886) (3,886)
(2) 24 (27)
1,885 1,885
–
– 2,017 2,070
(53)
(8,828)
(13,862)
Bought
U.S. dollar
Euro
Australian dollar Canadian dollar British pound Others
Currency swaps:
Receipts foreign currency,
payments yen Australian dollar
Receipts foreign currency, payments foreign currency
Australian dollar / U.S. dollar
Australian dollar / Euro
Currency options: Sold:
Put
U.S. dollar
Bought: Call
U.S. dollar Put
U.S. dollar
British pound
Total return swaps: Foreign currency index linked
2,453,761 1,159,510 826,836 212,084 58,128 15,169 182,033
275,026 275,026
174,102 174,102 (8,828) Total – – –
380,165 95,171 69,310
As of March 31, 2018
  Exchange-traded transactions: Currency futures:
Sold
Euro / U.S. dollar
British pound / U.S. dollar Yen / U.S. dollar
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency forward
contracts: Sold
(Unit: million yen)
– (235) – (149) – (81) – (4)
– 24,127 – 2,359 – 9,839 – 10,185 – 731 – (37) – 1,049 – (28,940) – (7,469) – (17,325) – (3,175) – (291) –18 – (696)
275,026 (3,886) 275,026 (3,886)
Australian dollar
Canadian dollar
British pound
Others 197,630
1,361,519
43,359 (2) 12,656 (27)
– 9,466 – 9,466
– – – – – 16,130 – 16,130 ––
43,359
30,703 30,703 24
12,656
251,112 [11,351]
251,112 [11,351]
10,076 [–]
10,076 [–]
719,375 [14,112]
708,956 [14,059]
10,418 [53]
   Note: 1. (1) Fair value of currency futures listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices and the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions. (2) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
(3) Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows.
(4) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of currency options or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(5) Fair value of total return swaps is based on fair value calculated by referred index of 31 March, 2018.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for forward contracts and swaps, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown
in "Gains (losses)".
123 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
  Australian dollar
British pound
Canadian dollar
Others 296,197 –
Bought 1,032,625 – U.S. dollar 522,771 – Euro 250,824 – Australian dollar 14,002 – Canadian dollar 3,697 – British pound 2,473 – Others 238,855 –
Currency swaps:
Receipts foreign currency,
payments yen 311,926 311,926 Australian dollar 310,926 310,926 U.S. dollar 1,000 1,000
Receipts foreign currency,
payments foreign currency 43,665 43,665
Australian dollar / U.S.
dollar
Australian dollar / Euro 14,097 14,097
Currency options: Sold:
Put 100,900
[2,914] –
U.S. dollar 100,900
[2,914] –
Bought:
Put 821,224
[16,676] – U.S. dollar 779,801
[16,223] – British pound 41,422
Total return swaps: Foreign currency index linked
Total
[452] – 171,388 171,388
(A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
As of March 31, Gains
2019
(A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
value
value
208,363 – 65,322 – 31,166 –
29,567 29,567
Fair value
(losses)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
  Exchange-traded transactions: Currency futures:
Sold 22,504 –
(240) 202 – (52) 97 – (27) 62 –
(160) 42 –
(1,557) 17,351 – (5,038) 7,430 – 2,817 4,505 – 430 1,877 – (63) 588 – 63 280 – 232 2,668 – (1,146) 9,303 – 2,388 4,710 – (3,400) 2,259 – (62) 126 – (1) 33 – (42) 22 – (28) 2,152 –
(1,658) 2,810 2,810 (1,681) 2,801 2,801 22 9 9
(855) 393 393 (851) 266 266 (3) 127 127
909
2,638 [26] –
909
2,638 [26] –
7,399
(12,327) [150] –
7,025
(12,255) [146] –
373
(72) [4] –
(11,284) 1,544 1,544
(2) (2) (0) (0) (0) (0) (1) (1)
(14) (14) (45) (45) 25 25 3 3 (0) (0) 0 0 2 2 (10) (10) 21 21 (30) (30) (0) (0) (0) (0) (0) (0) (0) (0)
(14) (14) (15) (15) 0 0
(7) (7) (7) (7) (0) (0)
2 23 2 23
39 (111) 35 (110) 3 (0)
(101) (101)
Euro / U.S. dollar
British pound / U.S. dollar Yen / U.S. dollar
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency forward
10,771 – 6,982 – 4,751 –
contracts:
Sold 1,925,843 –
U.S. dollar 824,731 – Euro 500,062 –
(Unit: million
yen)
(240) (52) (27) (160)
(1,557) (5,038) 2,817 430 (63) 63 232 (1,146) 2,388 (3,400) (62) (1) (42) (28)
(1,658) (1,681) 22
(855) (851) (3)
276 276
4,348 3,968 379
(11,284)
(Unit: million US dollars)
 – – – (26,432)
– – – (238)
  Note: 1. (1) Fair value of currency futures listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices and the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions. (2) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
(3) Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows.
(4) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of currency options or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(5) Fair value of total return swaps is based on fair value calculated by referred index of 31 March, 2019.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for forward contracts and swaps, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown
in "Gains (losses)".
AnnualReport2019 124

 (2) Interest-related transactions
Over-the-counter transactions: Yen interest rate swaps:
Receipts fixed, payments floating
333,912 34,000
6,657 (2)
Receipts floating, payments fixed
Yen interest rate swaptions: Sold:
Receipts fixed, payments floating
Receipts floating, payments fixed
Bought:
Receipts floating,
payments fixed
Total
10,000 [19]
(A) Notional amount/ contract value
333,912 61,000
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
6,657 (2)
As of March 31, 2018
  (Unit: million yen)
–
[39] – 0 38
10,000
1,155,425 [13,630]
–
19
705,000
[4,579] 2,270 (11,359)
– – (4,666)
(0)
   Note: 1. (1) Fair value of yen interest rate swaps listed above is present value of expected cash flows, discounted by the interest rates at the end of the year or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(2) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of yen interest rate swaptions or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for swaps, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown in "Gains (losses)".
 (A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
As of March 31, 2019 (A)
Over 1 year included in (A)
value
Fair value
Notional amount/ contract value
Gains (losses)
2,730 (2,399)
761
– (6,193)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
  Over-the-counter transactions: Yen interest rate swaps:
Receipts fixed, payments floating
Receipts floating, payments fixed
Yen interest rate swaptions: Bought:
Receipts floating, paymentsfixed
Total
282,054 257,357 181,869 110,374
1,430,000 1,270,000 [7,285] [6,064]
– –
2,730 (2,399)
2,541 2,318 1,638 994
12,884 11,442 [65] [54] – –
24 24 (21) (21)
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
(6,524)
6 (58) (55)
 –
  Note: 1. (1) Fair value of yen interest rate swaps listed above is present value of expected cash flows, discounted by the interest rates at the end of the year or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(2) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of yen interest rate swaptions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for swaps, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown in "Gains (losses)".
125 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (3) Stock-related transactions
Exchange-traded transactions: Yen stock index futures:
Sold
Bought
Foreign currency-denominated
stock index futures: Sold
Bought
Yen stock index options: Bought:
Put
Foreign currency-denominated stock index options:
Sold:
Call
Bought: Call
Put
Others: Bought:
Call
Over-the-counter transactions: Yen stock index options:
Bought: Put
Foreign currency-denominated stock index options:
Sold:
Call
Bought: Call
Put
Total return swaps:
Foreign currency-denominated stock index linked
Total
– –
– –
4,081 [485]
–
– 35,107
[2,742]
17 [14]
8,615 [2,124]
148 [9]
3,308 [158]
46,509 [8,045]
(675) 84
538 (228)
4,036
23,961
31,058 6,189
22
807
2,910
4,880 3,491
(675) 84
538 (228)
(1,321)
(13,487)
15,910 (967)
8
(1,316)
(1,605)
2,414 (7,240)
As of March 31, 2018
Fair Gains value (losses)
 (A) Notional amount/ contract value
28,650 4,549
65,588 13,763
161,575 [5,357]
295,687 [10,474]
286,818 [15,147]
121,723 [7,156]
17 [14]
8,615 [2,124]
56,060 [1,305]
59,733 [2,466]
62,584 [10,732]
49,078
– – – (7,907)
Over
1 year included in (A)
 (Unit: million yen)
45,626 (20) (20)
   Note: 1. (1) Yen stock index futures, foreign currency-denominated stock index futures, yen stock index options, foreign currency-denominated stock index options and Others Fair value is based on the closing exchange-traded prices and the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(2) Total return swaps
Fair value is based on the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for forward contracts, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown in "Gains
(losses)".
AnnualReport2019 126

  Exchange-traded transactions: Yen stock index futures:
Sold 22,595 –
Bought 8,830 – Foreign currency-denominated
stock index futures:
Sold 28,894 – Bought 76,676 –
Yen stock index options: Bought:
Put 154,009 394 [6,840] [60]
Foreign currency-denominated stock index options:
Sold:
Call 287,979
[11,712] –
Bought:
Call 279,994
[15,972] – Put 117,129 22,493 [6,859] [1,641]
Others: Bought:
Call 17 – [14] –
Over-the-counter transactions: Yen stock index options:
Bought:
Put 8,463 5,295
[2,086] [1,410]
Foreign currency-denominated stock index options:
Sold:
Call 178,492 – [7,029] –
Bought:
Call 189,819 13,692
[10,990] [623] Put 83,579 54,099 [11,125] [7,482]
63 (218)
(793) (3,390)
2,072
2,322
3,654 7,823
15
1,011
1,471
2,648 9,022
(2,118)
203 – 79 –
260 – 690 –
1,387 3 [61] [0]
2,594
[105] –
2,522
[143] –
1,055 202 [61] [14]
0 – [0] –
76 47 [18] [12]
1,608 – [63] –
1,710 123 [99] [5] 753 487
[100] [67] 906 344
0 0 (1) (1)
(7) (7) (30) (30)
18 (42)
20 84
32 (110) 70 8
0 0
9 (9)
13 50
23 (75) 81 (18)
(19) (19)
Total return swaps:
Foreign currency-denominated stock index linked
100,593 38,199
(A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
As of March 31, 2019
(A) Over
value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
63 (218)
(793) (3,390)
(4,768)
9,390
(12,318) 963
1
(1,075)
5,557
(8,342) (2,102)
(2,118)
Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
  (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
 Total – –
– (19,152)
– – – (172)
  Note: 1. (1) Yen stock index futures, foreign currency-denominated stock index futures, yen stock index options, foreign currency-denominated stock index options and Others Fair value is based on the closing exchange-traded prices and the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(2) Total return swaps
Fair value is based on the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for forward contracts, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown in "Gains
(losses)".
127 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (4) Bond-related transactions
Exchange-traded transactions: Yen bond futures:
Sold
Bought
Foreign currency-denominated bond
futures: Sold Bought
Foreign currency-denominated bond futures options:
Bought
Call
Put
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency-denominated bond
forward contracts Sold
Bought
Yen bond OTC options: Sold:
Call
Put
Bought: Call
Put
Total
33,812 55,351
580,577 764,296
50,995 [351]
50,995 [298]
80,181 108,853
4,977 [29]
92,197 [422]
92,197 [269]
4,977 [44]
–
39 39 (19) (19)
(5,911) (5,911) 7,244 7,244
531 179 39 (258)
(512) (512) 277 277
41 (12) 274 147
458 189 36 (8)
– 1,354
As of March 31, 2018
 Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
 (Unit: million yen)
   Note: 1. (1) Fair value of yen bond futures and foreign currency-denominated bond futures options are based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
(2) Fair value of foreign currency-denominated bond futures is based on the closing exchange-traded prices or the price presented by counterparty financial
institutions.
(3) Fair value of foreign currency-denominated bond forward contracts is based on the price quoted by information vendors. (4) Fair value of yen bond OTC options is based on the price calculated by the option pricing model.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for futures and forward contracts, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option, are shown in "Gains (losses)". 4. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
AnnualReport2019 128

 Exchange-traded transactions: Yen bond futures:
Sold 48,974
Bought 48,573 Foreign currency-denominated bond
futures:
Sold 392,526 Bought 665,185
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency-denominated bond
forward contracts
Sold 5,814 Bought 26,979
Yen bond OTC options: Sold:
(74) 169
(6,308) 14,147
(51) 209
58 59
519 1
–
Call 40,490 [34] Put 173,973 [252]
Bought:
Call 173,973
[192] Put 40,490 [43]
Total –
Notional amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
(74) 169
(6,308) 14,147
(51) 209
(24) 193
326
(41) 8,545
Notional Fair Gains
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
441 (0) (0) 437 1 1
3,536 (56) (56) 5,993 127 127
52 (0) (0) 243 1 1
364
[0] 0 (0)
1,567
[2] 0 1
1,567
[1] 4 2
364
[0] 0 (0)
– – 76
As of March 31, 2019
 amount/ value (losses) contract value
     Note: 1.
2. 3. 4.
(1) Fair value of yen bond futures is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
(2) Fair value of foreign currency-denominated bond futures is based on the closing exchange-traded prices or the price presented by counterparty financial
institutions.
(3) Fair value of foreign currency-denominated bond forward contracts is based on the price quoted by information vendors.
(4) Fair value of yen bond OTC options is based on the price calculated by the option pricing model.
Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
Fair value for futures and forward contracts, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option, are shown in "Gains (losses)". There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
129 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (5) Others
a) Credit Default Swaps and Embedded Derivatives
As of March 31, 2018
 Over-the-counter transactions: Credit default swaps:
Sold protection
Bought protection Others:
Embedded derivatives Total
60,562 1,000
1,603,514
–
1,257 22
(70,612)
–
(A) Notional amount/ contract value
63,562 1,000
1,603,514
–
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
1,257 22
(70,612)
(69,331)
 (Unit: million yen)
   Note: 1. Embedded derivatives are guaranteed minimum portion and others of variable annuity products, which are classified as embedded derivatives by certain overseas subsidiaries under local accounting standards.
2. Fair value listed above is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. 3. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
 Over-the-counter transactions: Credit default swaps:
Sold protection
Bought protection Others:
519 406 8 8 52 52 (1) (1)
(A) Notional amount/ contract value
57,650 5,800
Over
1 year included in (A)
As of March 31, 2019 (A)
Over
1 year included in (A)
(Unit: million yen)
45,150 942 5,800 (130)
(Unit: million US dollars)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
942 (130)
Notional amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
  Embedded derivatives 1,958,433 1,958,433 (57,453) (57,453) 17,645 17,645 (517) (517) Total – – – (56,641) – – – (510)
Note: 1. Embedded derivatives are guaranteed minimum portion and others of variable annuity products, which are classified as embedded derivatives by certain overseas subsidiaries under local accounting standards.
2. Fair value listed above is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. 3. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
   AnnualReport2019 130

 b) DFLI utilizes derivative transactions within its money held in trust for trading purposes and foreign securities (investment trust). Details of the derivative transactions are as follows:
i) Currency-related transactions
Exchange-traded transactions: Currency futures:
Sold
Euro / U.S. dollar
British pound / U.S. dollar
Bought
Yen / U.S. dollar
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency forward contracts:
Sold
U.S. dollar
Euro
British pound Canadian dollar Australian dollar Others
Bought
U.S. dollar Euro
Total
As of March 31, 2018
 Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
99 111
(11) (42) (42)
325 127 177
(19) 13 22
4 (5) (4) (0)
377
 (Unit: million yen)
19,617 99 14,067 111
5,550 (11) 41,819 (42) 41,819 (42)
81,151 325 51,449 127 18,683 177
4,734 (19) 1,760 13 1,592 22 2,930 4 1,729 (5) 1,597 (4)
131 (0)
– –
   Note: 1. (1) Fair value of currency futures listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
(2) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
As of March 31, 2019
 Total   – –
Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
55 64 (9)
113 113
281 24 217 21 2 (2) 18 449
Notional Fair
amount/ value contract value
Gains (losses)
  Exchange-traded transactions: Currency futures:
Sold
Euro / U.S. dollar
British pound / U.S. dollar
Bought
Yen / U.S. dollar
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency forward contracts:
Sold
U.S. dollar
Euro
British pound
Canadian dollar
Australian dollar
Others 2,877
21,886 15,656 6,230 47,993 47,993
55 64 (9)
113 113
281 24 217 21 2 (2) 18
82,648 53,995 18,300
4,366 1,624 1,483
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
197 0 0 141 0 0 56 (0) (0) 432 1 1 432 1 1
744 2 2 486 0 0 164 1 1
39 0 0 14 0 0 13 (0) (0) 25 0 0
– – 4
 Note: 1. (1) Fair value of currency futures listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
(2) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
131 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 ii) Stock-related transactions
As of March 31, 2018
 Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
(617)
1,224 606
As of March 31, 2019
 Exchange-traded transactions: Yen stock index futures:
Sold
Foreign currency-denominated
stock index futures: Sold
Total
42,283 44,281
–
(617) 1,224
–
(Unit: million yen)
   Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
 Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
446
(889) (443)
Notional Fair
amount/ value contract value
Gains (losses)
  Exchange-traded transactions: Yen stock index futures:
Sold
Foreign currency-denominated
stock index futures: Sold
Total
47,251 46,291
–
446 (889)
–
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
425 4 4 417 (8) (8)
– – (3)
   Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
iii) Bond-related transactions
Exchange-traded transactions: Yen bond futures:
Sold
Foreign currency-denominated
bond futures: Sold
Total
As of March 31, 2018
 Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
6
(1,082) (1,075)
As of March 31, 2019
 54,284 111,732
–
6 (1,082)
–
(Unit: million yen)
   Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
 Exchange-traded transactions: Yen bond futures:
Sold
Foreign currency-denominated
bond futures: Sold
Total
53,457 126,803
–
(190) (1,961)
–
– –
(19)
Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
(190)
(1,961) (2,151)
Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
  (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
481 (1) (1) 1,142 (17) (17)
   Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
AnnualReport2019 132

 2. Derivative Transactions (Hedge Accounting Applied) (1) Currency-related transactions
As of March 31, 2018
 (A) Notional amount/ contract value
Deferral hedge:
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated
Receipts yen, payments foreign currency
U.S. dollar Euro
British pound
273,422 199,735 61,568 12,119
250,038 176,351 61,568 12,119
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with funding agreement:
Receipts foreign currency, payments
foreign currency 13,241 13,241 Norway krone / U.S. dollar 13,241 13,241
Fair value hedge:
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated
bonds: Sold
U.S. dollar
Euro
Australian dollar British pound Canadian dollar Others
Bought
U.S. dollar Euro
British pound Others
Currency options: Sold
Call
U.S. dollar
Bought Put
U.S. dollar
5,252,956 – 2,792,212 – 1,422,032 –
360,649 – 132,251 – 112,785 – 433,024 – 118,466 – 118,253 –
83 – 62 – 67 –
93,057
[1,686] –
93,057
[1,686] –
93,057
[1,686] –
93,057
[1,686] –
163,366 100,027 28,035 15,883 2,504 7,260 9,654
(2,217) (2,214) (1) (0) (1)
824 824
1,958 1,958
Foreign currency forward contracts, etc., allocated to and/or combined with corresponding hedged items:
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated term
deposits: Sold
Australian dollar U.S. dollar Others
262,693 – (*1) 119,405 – (*1) 32,904 – (*1) 110,383 – (*1)
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans:
Receipts foreign currency, payments yen
Foreign currency-denominated
bonds payable:
U.S. dollar
Receipts yen, payments foreign
currency
Foreign currency-denominated
loans: U.S. dollar Euro
476,277
476,277 38,081
32,116 5,964
476,277 (*2)
476,277 (*2) 38,081 (*2)
32,116 (*2) 5,964 (*2)
Over
1 year Fair
included value in (A)
 stocks (forecasted transactions): Bought
U.S. dollar
Others
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds:
(Unit: million yen)
9,654 – 7,384 –
(508) (439) (68)
16,595 17,303 (1,226)
517
679 679
2,270
–
 Note: 1. (1) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
(*1) As foreign currency forward contracts which apply the currency allotment method are accounted for as combined with foreign currency-denominated term
deposits as hedged items, their fair value is included in the fair value of such foreign currency-denominated term deposits.
(2) Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows or the price presented by counterparty financial institutions.
(*2) As foreign currency swaps which apply the currency allotment method are accounted for as combined with foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans as hedged items, their fair value is included in the fair value of such foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans.
(3) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of currency options or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions. 2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
133 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
  (A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
Bought 27,248 – U.S. dollar 27,248 –
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds: Receipts yen, payments foreign
256,613 212,995 181,959 149,098 62,543 51,786 12,110 12,110
As of March 31, 2019 (A)
Over
1 year Fair
included value in (A)
value
(Unit: million yen)
Fair value
Notional amount/ contract value
  (Unit: million US dollars) Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transactions):
Deferral hedge:
currency U.S. dollar Euro
British pound
499 245 – 4 499 245 – 4
7,701 2,312 1,919 69 5,178 1,639 1,343 46 1,720 563 466 15
803 109 109 7 Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with funding agreement:
Receipts foreign currency, payments
foreign currency 13,006 13,006 (100)
Norway krone / U.S. dollar 13,006 13,006 (100) Fair value hedge:
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds:
117 117
44,783 21,699 14,335
117 (0) 117 (0)
– (114) – (310) – 239 – (16) – (30) – (0) – 3 – (0) – (0) – (0)
Sold 4,970,497 U.S. dollar 2,408,422 Euro 1,591,097
Australian dollar
British pound
Canadian dollar
Others 426,043
Bought
U.S. dollar
Euro
Australian dollar Others
409 (59) (53)
– (12,710) – (34,423) – 26,561 – (1,842) – (3,380) – (36)
– 16,165 – 15,458 – 341 –
341,336 141,192 62,405
3,075 1,272 562 3,838 145 139 (5) 3
291 – (0) 2 – (0) 73 – (0) 0 – (0)
Foreign currency forward contracts, etc., allocated to and/or combined with corresponding hedged items: Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated term deposits:
Sold
U.S. dollar Australian dollar Others
252,646 – 103,525 – 79,522 – 69,597 –
(*1) 2,276 (*1) 932 (*1) 716 (*1) 627
– (*1) – (*1) – (*1) – (*1)
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans: Receipts foreign currency,
payments yen
Foreign currency-denominated
bonds payable:
U.S. dollar
Receipts yen, payments foreign
currency
Foreign currency-denominated
loans: U.S. dollar Euro
476,277 476,277
476,277 476,277 37,142 33,598
31,178 27,633 5,964 5,964
(*2) 4,291 4,291 (*2) (*2) 4,291 4,291 (*2)
(*2) 334 302 (*2) (*2) 280 248 (*2)
(*2) 53 53 (*2)
 Note: 1. (1) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
(*1) As foreign currency forward contracts which apply the currency allotment method are accounted for as combined with foreign currency-denominated term
deposits as hedged items, their fair value is included in the fair value of such foreign currency-denominated term deposits.
(2) Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows or the price presented by counterparty financial institutions.
(*2) As foreign currency swaps which apply the currency allotment method are accounted for as combined with foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans as hedged items, their fair value is included in the fair value of such foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet. Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows.
AnnualReport2019 134

 (2) Interest-related transactions
Deferral hedge:
Receipts fixed, payments floating 604,000 Special hedge accounting:
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans:
Receipts fixed, payments floating 16,800
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans payable: Receipts floating, payments fixed 283,000
(A) Notional amount/ contract value
(Unit: million yen)
Deferral hedge:
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans and insurance liabilities:
283,000
Note: Fair value listed above is present values of expected cash flows, discounted by the interest rates at the end of the fiscal year.
Receipts fixed, payments floating 714,450 714,450
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with funding
6,437 350
137
2,549
6,437 142 350 –
137 1
2,549 (24)
agreement:
Receipts floating, payments fixed 38,850
Special hedge accounting:
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans:
Receipts fixed, payments floating 15,300 Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans payable:
Receipts floating, payments fixed 283,000
38,850
15,300
283,000
15,789 –
As of March 31, 2018
 (A) Notional amount/ contract value
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
(10,492)
137
 (Unit: million yen) Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans and insurance liabilities:
604,000
15,300
Note: Fair value listed above is present values of expected cash flows, discounted by the interest rates at the end of the fiscal year or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(3) Stock-related transactions
As of March 31, 2018
Notional
amount/ Fair value contract value
(Unit: million yen)
(2,489)
  Over
1 year included in (A)
As of March 31, 2019 (A)
Over
1 year Fair
Fair value
Notional amount/ contract value
included in (A)
203
(2,703)
value (Unit: million US dollars)
     Fair value hedge:
Equity forward contracts to hedge domestic stocks:
Sold 9,559 (24)
Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the market price of underlying assets, interest rates and expected dividends, etc. 2. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
As of March 31, 2019 Not applicable
 135 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 XIII. EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT BENEFITS
1. Overview of Employees' Retirement Benefit Plan of the Group
As a defined benefit plan for its sales representatives, DL has established and maintained a benefit plan consisting of retirement lump sum grants and company administered pension. For its administrative personnel, DL has established and maintained a benefit plan consisting of defined benefit corporate pension and retirement lump sum grants as a defined benefit plan and defined contribution pension as a defined contribution plan.
Certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries have maintained their defined benefit plan and defined contribution plan.
2. Defined Benefit Plans
(1) Reconciliations of beginning and ending balances of projected benefit obligations
Year ended March 31, 2018 2019
(Unit: million yen)
733,207 29,785 3,326 228 (36,145) (1,832) 728,569
Note: Retirement benefit expenses for consolidated subsidiaries adopting the simplified method are included in "Service cost".
(2) Reconciliations of beginning and ending balances of pension assets
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
6,606 268 29 2 (325) (16) 6,564
   Beginning balance of the projected benefit obligations Service cost
Interest cost
Accruals of actuarial (gains) and losses
730,381 29,372 3,358 6,961 (34,665) Others (2,201) Ending balance of the projected benefit obligation 733,207
Payment of retirement benefits
   Year ended March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   Beginning balance of pension assets Estimated return on assets
Accruals of actuarial (gains) and losses Contributions from the employer Payment of retirement benefits
(Unit: million yen)
320,017 2,283 (2,078) 10,044 (23,522) (521) 306,222
(Unit: million US dollars)
2,883 20 (18) 90 (211) (4) 2,759
308,821 1,915 19,717 12,485 (22,218) Others (704) Ending balance of pension assets 320,017
   (3) Reconciliations of year-end balance of projected benefit obligations and pension assets, and net defined benefit liabilities and assets that have been recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
Year ended March 31, 2018 2019
(Unit: million yen)
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
3,648 (2,759) 889 2,916
3,805 3,805 –
3,805
   Projected benefit obligation for funded pensions Pension assets
Projected benefit obligation for unfunded pensions
Net of assets and liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance
sheet
Net defined benefit liabilities Net defined benefit assets
Net of assets and liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
412,373 (320,017) 92,355 320,833
413,189 413,189 –
413,189
404,910 (306,222) 98,687 323,659
422,346 422,346 –
422,346
      AnnualReport2019 136

 (4) Amount of the components of retirement benefit expenses
Year ended March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   (Unit: million yen)
29,785 3,326 (2,283) (1,400) 448 29,876
Note: Retirement benefit expenses for consolidated subsidiaries adopting the simplified method are included in "Service cost".
(5) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(Unit: million US dollars)
268 29 (20) (12) 4 269
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on assets
Expense of actuarial (gains) and losses
29,372 3,358 (1,915) 3,073 Others 257 Retirement benefit expenses for defined benefit plans 34,146
   Breakdown of items recorded in remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before applicable tax effect) was as follows: Year ended March 31,
 2018 2019 2019
  Actuarial gains (losses) Total
(6) Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
15,871 (3,250) (29) 15,871 (3,250) (29)
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
   Breakdown of items recorded in accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before applicable tax effect) was as follows:
Unrecognized actuarial gains (losses) Total
(7) Pension assets
11,575 14,818 133 11,575 14,818 133
Year ended March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
   a) The main components of the pension assets
Ratios of the major assets to the total pension assets were as follows:
Year ended March 31,
2018 2019 Stocks 59% 59% Assets under joint management 15% 18% Bonds 11% 11% Life insurance general account 7% 5% Others 8% 7% Total 100% 100%
Note: The proportion of retirement benefit trust to total pension assets that has been set for the unfunded retirement benefit plans as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 were 50% and 48%, respectively.
b) The method of setting the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets
To determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets, the consolidated subsidiaries have taken into
account the allocation of pension assets at present and in future, and long-term rate of return on a variety of assets that make up the pension assets at present and in future.
(8) Calculation basis of actuarial gains and losses
Major assumptions of basis of actuarial calculation as of the fiscal year-end were as follows: Year ended March 31,
       Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return
Defined benefit corporate pension Employee pension trust
3. Defined Contribution Plans
2018
0.30 to 3.55%
0.30 to 7.00% 0.00%
2019
0.30 to 4.21%
0.30 to 7.00% 0.00%
 137 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Required amounts of contribution to defined contribution plans of consolidated subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥2,479 million and ¥2,561 million (US$23 million), respectively.
 XIV. STOCK OPTIONS
1. The Account Used to Record Expenses Associated with Issuing Stock Options and the Amount Expensed
Operating expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018: ¥327 million Operating expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019: Not applicable
2. Details of the Stock Options Granted (1) Details of the stock options
  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
1st Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
 The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited 2nd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
 The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
3rd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
 Granted persons
 10 directors (except outside directors) and 16 executive officers of DL
 11 directors (except outside directors) and 16 executive officers of DL
 11 directors (except outside directors) and 17 executive officers of DL
 Class and total number (*1)
 169,800 shares of common stock
 318,700 shares of common stock
 183,700 shares of common stock
 Grant date
 August 16, 2011
 August 16, 2012
 August 16, 2013
 Vesting conditions
 The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
 The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
 The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
 Service period covered
 N/A
 N/A
 N/A
 Exercise period (*2)
 From August 17, 2011 to August 16, 2041
 From August 17, 2012 to August 16, 2042
 From August 17, 2013 to August 16, 2043
  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
4th Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
 The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
5th Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 1st Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
 Granted persons
 11 directors (except outside directors) and 17 executive officers of DL
 11 directors (except outside directors) and 18 executive officers of DL
 10 directors (except directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) and 15 executive officers of the Company, and 38 directors, etc. of the Company's subsidiaries
 Class and total number (*1)
 179,000 shares of common stock
 110,600 shares of common stock
 269,600 shares of common stock
 Grant date
 August 18, 2014
 August 17, 2015
 October 18, 2016
 Vesting conditions
 The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
 The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
 The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
 Service period covered
 N/A
 N/A
 N/A
 Exercise period (*2)
 From August 19, 2014 to August 18, 2044
 From August 18, 2015 to August 17, 2045
 From October 19, 2016 to October 18, 2046
  Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 2nd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
 Granted persons
 6 directors (except directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) and 15 executive officers of the Company, and 37 directors, etc. of the Company's subsidiaries
 Class and total number (*1)
 215,800 shares of common stock
 Grant date
 August 24, 2017
 Vesting conditions
 The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
 Service period covered
 N/A
 Exercise period (*2)
 From August 25, 2017 to August 24, 2047
(*1) It has been described in terms of the number of shares. The Company conducted a 1:100 share split on October 1, 2013. It is translated into the number of shares that takes into account the share split.
(*2) A granted person can exercise stock acquisition rights only within 10 days from the day on which she/he loses status as any of a director (except director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member) or an executive officer of the Company, DL, DFLI and Neo First Life. For stock options granted before the shift to a holding company structure, the terms and conditions for the exercise period have been changed due to the shift to a holding company structure effective on October 1, 2016.
AnnualReport2019 138

 (2) Figures relating to the stock options
The following table covers stock options which existed during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and the total number of stock options is translated to the number of shares of common stock.
a) Number of the stock options (shares)
  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
 1st Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 2nd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 3rd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 Before vesting
    Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year
 -
 -
 -
 Granted
 -
 -
 -
 Forfeited
 -
 -
 -
 Vested
 -
 -
 -
 Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
 -
 -
 -
 After vesting
    Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year
 69,000
 165,200
 115,100
 Vested
 -
 -
 -
 Exercised
 14,400
 39,200
 23,000
 Forfeited
 -
 -
 -
 Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
 54,600
 126,000
 92,100
  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 4th Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 5th Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 1st Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 Before vesting
    Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year
 -
 -
 -
 Granted
 -
 -
 -
 Forfeited
 -
 -
 -
 Vested
 -
 -
 -
 Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
 -
 -
 -
 After vesting
    Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year
 123,200
 88,000
 231,600
 Vested
 -
 -
 -
 Exercised
 24,000
 10,900
 24,500
 Forfeited
 -
 -
 -
 Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
 99,200
 77,100
 207,100
  Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 2nd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 Before vesting
  Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year
 -
 Granted
 -
 Forfeited
 -
 Vested
 -
 Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
 -
 After vesting
  Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year
 208,900
 Vested
 -
 Exercised
 14,100
 Forfeited
 -
 Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
 194,800
139 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Note: The Company conducted a 1:100 share split on October 1, 2013. It is translated into the number of shares that takes into account the share split.
 b) Price information
  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
 1st Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 2nd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 3rd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 Exercise price
 ¥1 per stock option
 ¥1 per stock option
 ¥1 per stock option
 Average stock price at the time of exercise
 ¥1,940 (US$17)
 ¥1,942 (US$17)
 ¥1,942 (US$17)
 Fair value at the grant date
 ¥885 (US$7)
 ¥766 (US$6)
 ¥1,300 (US$11)
  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 4th Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 5th Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 1st Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 Exercise price
 ¥1 per stock option
 ¥1 per stock option
 ¥1 per stock option
 Average stock price at the time of exercise
 ¥1,942 (US$17)
 ¥1,941 (US$17)
 ¥1,940 (US$17)
 Fair value at the grant date
 ¥1,366 (US$12)
 ¥2,318 (US$20)
 ¥1,344 (US$12)
  Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 2nd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
 Exercise price
 ¥1 per stock option
 Average stock price at the time of exercise
 ¥1,937 (US$17)
 Fair value at the grant date
 ¥1,568 (US$14)
Note: The Company conducted a 1:100 share split on October 1, 2013. It is translated into the number of shares that takes into account the share split.
3. Method to Estimate the Number of Stock Options Vested
Only the actual number of forfeited stock options is considered, because it is difficult to rationally estimate the number of stock options to be forfeited in the future.
AnnualReport2019 140

 XV. DEFERRED TAX ACCOUNTING
1. Major Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
As of March 31, 2018 2019
(Unit: million yen)
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
4,732 1,352 549 375 759 7,768 (659) 7,108
(7,777) (682) (1,296) (9,756) (2,648)
   Deferred tax assets:
Policy reserves and others
Net defined benefits liabilities
Reserve for price fluctuations
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Others
Subtotal
Valuation allowances
Total
Deferred tax liabilities:
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Evaluation difference related to business combination Others
Total
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)
496,111 148,075 54,678 – 101,004 799,869 (64,809) 735,059
(857,498) (75,997) (158,221) (1,091,718) (356,658)
525,235 150,063 60,953 41,652 84,287 862,192 (73,239) 788,953
(863,200) (75,772) (143,884) (1,082,857) (293,904)
       2. The Principal Reasons for the Difference between the Statutory Effective Tax Rate and Actual Effective Tax Rate after Considering Deferred Taxes
As of March 31, 2018 2019
Statutory effective tax rate 30.85%
(Adjustments)
Decrease in deferred tax liabilities in relation to U.S. tax reform (23.92%)
Permanent differences such as dividends received (5.21%)
Decrease in valuation allowance 2.79%
Others (1.11%)
Actual effective tax rate after considering deferred taxes 3.41%
–
– – – – –
     Note: The note of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 is omitted because the difference between the statutory effective tax rate and actual effective tax rate after considering
deferred taxes was 5% or less than the statutory effective tax rate as of the end of the current fiscal year. XVI. ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS
1. Overview of Asset Retirement Obligations
The note is omitted because the balance of the asset retirement obligations as of the beginning and that as of the end of the current fiscal year were 1% or less than the total balance of the liabilities and the net assets as of the beginning and that as of the end of the current fiscal year, respectively.
XVII. BUSINESS COMBINATION AS A RESULT OF ACQUISITION
(1) Liberty Life Assurance Company of Boston
PLC, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, acquired in-force blocks of individual insurance and annuities from Liberty
Life Assurance Company of Boston under a reinsurance agreement started from May1, 2018.
PLC recognized this transaction as the acquisition of business in accordance with Business Combinations, an Accounting
Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 805 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. a) Overview of the business combination
i) Name and business of the counterparty
Company name: Liberty Life Assurance Company of Boston Business: Individual insurance and annuities business
ii) Purpose of the business combination
Further enhancing the profitability of PLC, the Group aims for further growth and profit enhancement within North America.
141 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 b) Acquisition costs
Consideration for the acquisition of in-force blocks Acquisition costs
c) Major acquisition-related expenses Advisory fees, etc.
422 million US dollars 422 million US dollars
 5 million US dollars d) Assets received and liabilities assumed on the date of the business combination
Total assets 13,683 [Securities 12,588
million US dollars million US dollars] million US dollars million US dollars]
Total liabilities
[Policy reserves and others
(2) Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited a) Overview of the business combination
13,683 13,612
i) Name and business of the acquired company
Company name: AsteronLife & Superannuation Limited (*) Business: Life insurance and life insurance-related business
ii) Purpose of the business combination
Acquiring Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited, the Group aims for further growth and profit enhancement within Australia.
iii) Date of the business combination February 28, 2019
iv) Legal form of the business combination Purchase of shares for cash
v) Name of the acquired company after the business combination Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited (*)
vi) Ratio of voting rights acquired 100%
vii) Main reason for determining the controlling company
TDLA, a subsidiary of the Company, owns the majority of the voting rights and thus clearly influences decision making of Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited (*).
(*) Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited changed its name from Suncorp Life & Superannuation Limited.
b) The period for which the results of the acquired company were included in the consolidated financial statements From March 1, 2019 to March 31, 2019
c) Acquisition costs Consideration paid in cash Acquisition costs
d) Major acquisition-related expenses Advisory fees, etc.
681 million AU dollars 681 million AU dollars
 15 million AU dollars e) Amount of goodwill, reason to recognize goodwill, amortization method and period
No negative goodwill or goodwill has been recognized.
f) Assets received and liabilities assumed on the date of the business combination
Total assets 4,274 [Securities 3,496 Total liabilities 3,593 [Policy reserves and others 3,467
million AU dollars million AU dollars] million AU dollars million AU dollars]
g) Allocation of acquisition cost
Since TDLA has not yet completed the allocation of acquisition cost, a tentative accounting treatment was made, based on
reasonable information available at that point.
AnnualReport2019 142

 XVIII. REAL ESTATE FOR RENT
Certain domestic consolidated subsidiary owns a number of commercial buildings, including land, for rent in various locations including Tokyo. Net rental income from such real estate for rent for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥32,603 million and ¥34,259 million (US$308 million), respectively. The rental income was included in investment income and the rental expense was included in investment expenses. Impairment losses on rental real estate as extraordinary losses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were ¥11,505 million and ¥1,751 million (US$15 million), respectively.
The carrying amount, net change during the year and the market value of such rental real estate were as follows:
Carrying amount: Beginning balance
Net change during year Ending balance
Market value
795,164 9,438 804,603 958,825
804,603 10,305 814,908 1,015,543
Year ended March 31,
2018 2019 2019
   (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
7,249 92 7,342 9,149
    Note: 1. The carrying amount of rental real estate on the consolidated balance sheet was acquisition costs net of accumulated depreciation and impairments.
2. Net change in carrying amount included cost of acquisition of the real estate of ¥23,038 million, depreciation expense of ¥13,262 million, impairment loss of ¥11,505
million, sale of the real estate of ¥1,931 million, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
Net change in carrying amount included cost of acquisition of the real estate of ¥43,151 million (US$388 million), sale of the real estate of ¥20,901 million (US$188 million), depreciation expense of ¥13,231 million (US$119 million), impairment loss of ¥1,751 million (US$15 million), during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
3. Certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries calculate the market value of the majority of the rental real estate based on real estate appraisal standards by an independent appraiser, and others based on the internal but reasonable estimates.
XIX. SEGMENT INFORMATION AND OTHERS
1. Segment Information
(1) Overview of reportable segments
The reportable segments of the Company are components of the Company about which separate financial information is
available. The segments are subject to periodic review to enable the Company's Board of Directors to decide on allocation of business resources and evaluate business performance.
The Company is a holding company which manages life insurance companies in Japan and elsewhere as well as other subsidiaries and affiliated companies. These companies are subject to regulations of the Insurance Business Act. The Company's operations are therefore segmented based on the operations of its subsidiaries and affiliated companies and the Company's three reportable segments are the Domestic Life Insurance Business, the Overseas Insurance Business, and Other Business.
The Domestic Life Insurance Business consists of subsidiaries that engage in the life insurance business in Japan. The Overseas Insurance Business consists of subsidiaries and affiliated companies that engage in the insurance business overseas. The company and affiliated companies that do not operate either the Domestic Life Insurance Business or the Overseas Insurance Business are segmented as Other Business and mainly consist of the asset management related business.
(2) Method of calculating ordinary revenues, income or loss, assets and liabilities and others by reportable segment
The method of accounting for the reportable segments is the same as that described in "Principles of Consolidation".
Figures for reportable segment profit are based on ordinary profit. Intersegment revenue is based on market prices.
143 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (3) Information on ordinary revenues, income or loss, assets and liabilities, and others by reportable segment For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018:
   Domestic Life Insurance Business
5,613,667 2,614 5,616,282 411,592 43,922,781 40,869,167
Depreciation of real estate for rent
and others
Depreciation 30,511
Overseas Insurance Business
1,460,270 1,242 1,461,512 60,104 9,458,921 8,535,223
16
12,499 3,823 242,371 30,370 2,131 160 170 (–) (70,975) 52,505
4,424
Other Business
(Note 2)
7,081,984 (44,157) 60,402 (60,402) 7,142,387 (104,559) 519,970 (47,976) 55,165,139 (1,562,110) 49,890,754 (36,997)
13,286 –
43,208 – 3,823 – 1,247,733 (50,371) 46,140 (2,274) 5,528 – 34,185 (3) 34,419 (3) (11,589) (–) 12,831 – 98,220 –
65,263 –
financial statements (Note 3)
7,037,827 – 7,037,827 471,994 53,603,028 49,853,756
13,286
43,208 3,823 1,197,362 43,866 5,528 34,182 34,416 (11,589) 12,831 98,220
65,263
Reportable Segment
Amount on Adjustments consolidated
Total (Unit: million yen)
 Ordinary revenues (Note 1) Intersegment transfers
Total Segment income (loss)
Segment assets
Segment liabilities
Other relevant information
8,046 56,545 64,591 48,272
1,783,437 486,363
–
196 – 50,220 1,725 3,396 33,507 – (–) (250) 45,714
9
   Amortization of goodwill
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Equity in income of affiliates
Extraordinary gains
Extraordinary losses
(Impairment losses)
– 955,142 14,045 – 517 34,248 (11,589)
Taxes 84,056
Investments in affiliated companies –
Increase in tangible fixed assets and
intangible fixed assets
60,829
Note: 1. Ordinary revenues, instead of sales, are presented here. 2. Adjusted amounts were as follows.
13,270
a) Adjustment for ordinary revenues of ¥(44,157) million was mainly related to ordinary expenses including provision for reserves for outstanding claims of ¥25,774 million and ordinary revenues including gains on money held in trust of ¥9,222 million reconciled to other ordinary revenues and losses on money held in trust in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, respectively.
b) Adjustment for segment income (loss) of ¥(47,976) million was mainly related to elimination of dividend income from subsidiaries and affiliated companies. c) Adjustment for segment assets of ¥(1,562,110) million was mainly related to elimination of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
d) Adjustment for segment liabilities of ¥(36,997) million was mainly related to elimination of intersegment receivables and payables.
e) Adjustment for others was mainly related to elimination of intersegment transactions.
3. Segment profit is reconciled with Ordinary profit booked in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
AnnualReport2019 144

 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019:
   Domestic Life Insurance Business
5,931,313 1,963 5,933,276 375,758 44,863,905 41,770,825
Depreciation of real estate for rent
and others
Depreciation 30,640
Overseas Insurance Business
1,341,382 482 1,341,864 52,770 10,872,663 10,056,099
14
20,231 4,390 286,163 29,877 2,295 39 90 (35) 12,312 49,524
Other Business
Reportable Segment
Amount on
Adjustments consolidated (Note 2) financial
statements (Note 3)
(99,809) 7,184,093 (151,323) – (251,132) 7,184,093 (140,109) 432,945
(1,588,375) 55,941,261 (52,707) 52,227,668
– 13,254
– 50,914
– 4,390 (141,374) 1,244,255 (1,148) 43,306 – 10,067 – 2,512 – 28,607 (–) (1,801) – 94,313 – 191,123
– 92,961
Amount on Adjustments consolidated
Total (Unit: million yen)
 Ordinary revenues (Note 1) Intersegment transfers
Total Segment income (loss)
Segment assets
Segment liabilities
Other relevant information
11,207 148,877 160,085 144,525
1,793,066 453,451
–
42 – 139,906 1,719 7,771 – – (–) 2,619 141,599
   Amortization of goodwill
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Equity in income of affiliates
Extraordinary gains
Extraordinary losses
(Impairment losses)
Taxes 79,382
Investments in affiliated companies Increase in tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets
Ordinary revenues (Note 1) Intersegment transfers
– 82,337
Domestic Life Insurance Business
10,562 Reportable Segment
Overseas Insurance Business
13,240
7,283,903 151,323 7,435,226 573,054 57,529,636 52,280,376
13,254
50,914 4,390 1,385,630 44,455 10,067 2,512 28,607 (1,801) 94,313 191,123
92,961
Total (Unit: million US dollars)
– 959,560 12,858 – 2,472 28,516 (1,766)
60
   145 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Amortization of goodwill
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Equity in income of affiliates
Extraordinary gains
Extraordinary losses
(Impairment losses)
– 8,645 115 – 22 256 (15)
Taxes 715
Investments in affiliated companies –
Increase in tangible fixed assets and
intangible fixed assets
741
Note: 1. Ordinary revenues, instead of sales, are presented here.
3,385 404,215 376,347
Other Business
(Note 2)
financial statements (Note 3)
 53,440 17 Total 53,457
12,085 100 4 1,341 12,089 1,442 475 1,302 97,960 16,155 90,603 4,085
0 –
182 0 39 – 2,578 1,260 269 15 20 70 0 – 0 – (0) (–) 110 23 446 1,275
95 0
65,626 (899) 64,727 1,363 (1,363) – 66,990 (2,262) 64,727 5,163 (1,262) 3,900 518,331 (14,310) 504,020 471,036 (474) 470,561
119 – 119
458 – 458 39 – 39 12,484 (1,273) 11,210 400 (10) 390 90 – 90 22 – 22 257 – 257 (16) (–) (16) 849 – 849 1,721 – 1,721
837 – 837
  Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Segment liabilities
Other relevant information
Depreciation of real estate for rent
and others
Depreciation 276
 119
2. Adjusted amounts were as follows.
a) Adjustment for ordinary revenues of ¥(99,809) million (US$(899) million) was mainly related to ordinary revenues including other ordinary revenues of
¥73,367 million (US$661 million) reconciled to provision for policy reserves and provision for reserves for outstanding claims in the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings, respectively.
b) Adjustment for segment income (loss) of ¥(140,109) million (US$(1,262) million) was mainly related to elimination of dividend income from subsidiaries
and affiliated companies.
c) Adjustment for segment assets of ¥(1,588,375) million (US$(14,310) million) was mainly related to elimination of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated
companies.
d) Adjustment for segment liabilities of ¥(52,707) million (US$(474) million) was mainly related to elimination of intersegment receivables and payables. e) Adjustment for others was mainly related to elimination of intersegment transactions.
3. Segment profit is reconciled with Ordinary profit booked in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
 2. Other Related Information
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018:
(1) Product (Service) Segment Information
Premium and other income Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Insurance Business Other Business
Total
(2) Geographic Segment Information
a) Ordinary Revenues
Ordinary revenues Japan
United States of America Other Areas
Total
Year ended March 31, 2018 (Unit: million yen)
3,954,540 930,038 – 4,884,579
Year ended March 31, 2018 (Unit: million yen)
5,329,138 1,107,957 600,731 7,037,827
        Note: 1. Ordinary revenues, instead of sales, are presented here.
2. Geographic area is classified into "Japan," "United States of America" or "Other Areas" mainly based on locations of customers.
b) Tangible fixed assets
The geographic segment information has been omitted as more than 90% of the Group's tangible fixed assets derive from its business unit in Japan.
(3) Major Customer Information
The major customer information has been omitted as no single customer accounts for 10% or more of the Group's ordinary revenues.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019:
(1) Product (Service) Segment Information
Premium and other income Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Insurance Business Other Business
Total
(2) Geographic Segment Information
a) Ordinary Revenues
Ordinary revenues Japan
United States of America Other Areas
Total
b) Tangible fixed assets
The geographic segment information has been omitted as more than 90% of the Group's tangible fixed assets derive
from its business unit in Japan.
Year ended March 31, 2019
 (Unit: million yen)
4,372,090 971,925 – 5,344,016
(Unit: million US dollars)
39,391 8,756 – 48,148
   Year ended March 31, 2019
 (Unit: million yen)
5,682,437 971,261 530,394
(Unit: million US dollars)
51,197 8,750 4,778
 7,184,093
2. Geographic area is classified into "Japan," "United States of America" or "Other Areas" mainly based on locations of customers.
64,727
  Note: 1. Ordinary revenues, instead of sales, are presented here.
AnnualReport2019 146

 (3) Major Customer Information
The major customer information has been omitted as no single customer accounts for 10% or more of the Group's ordinary revenues.
3. Impairment Losses on Fixed Assets by Reporting Segment
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
The information on impairment losses on fixed assets by reporting segment has been omitted as it is explained in the
segment information section.
4. Amortization of Goodwill and Unamortized Amount of Goodwill by Reporting Segment
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018:
Domestic Life Insurance Business Overseas Insurance Business Other Business
Total
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019:
Domestic Life Insurance Business Overseas Insurance Business Other Business
Total
Year ended March 31, 2018 (Unit: million yen)
 Amortization of goodwill
Unamortized amount of goodwill
– – 3,823 51,481 – – 3,823 51,481
Year ended March 31, 2019
    (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
Amortization of goodwill
– 4,390 – 4,390
Unamortized amount of goodwill
– 48,926 – 48,926
Amortization of goodwill
– 39 – 39
Unamortized amount of goodwill
– 440 – 440
   5. Gain on Negative Goodwill by Reporting Segment
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 Not applicable
6. Related Party Transactions
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 There are no significant transactions to be disclosed.
147 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 XX. PER SHARE INFORMATION
the calculation of the net income per share and the diluted net income per share was as follows: Year ended March 31,
As of / Year ended March 31, 2019
   Net assets per share
Net income per share Diluted net income per share
Note: 1. Underlying basis for
Net income per share
Net income attributable to Net income attributable to
stock
Net income attributable to
2018
(Unit: yen)
3,217.68 310.69 310.45
3,240.72 194.43 194.29
2019
(Unit: US dollars)
29.19 1.75 1.75
    shareholders of parent company other than shareholders of common
2018 (Unit:
363,928
– 363,928
1,171,339 thousand shares
– 935 thousand shares [935 thousand
shares]
2019 million yen)
225,035
– 225,035
1,157,398 thousand shares
– 850 thousand shares [850 thousand
shares] –
As of March 31, 2019
million yen)
3,713,592 (1,162) (1,162) 3,712,430
1,145,557 thousand shares
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
2,027
– 2,027
1,157,398 thousand shares
– 850 thousand shares [850 thousand
shares] –
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
33,458 (10) (10) 33,448
1,145,557 thousand shares
 shareholders of common stock Average number of common stock outstanding
  Diluted net income per share
Adjustments to net income
Increase in the number of common stock
[Increase in the number of common stock attributable to subscription rights to shares]
Outline of the dilutive shares which are not counted in the basis of calculation of diluted net income per share because they do not have dilutive effect
– Note: 2. Underlying basis for the calculation of the net assets per share was as follows:
  Net assets
Adjustments (1,348)
Subscription rights to shares
Net assets attributable to common stock Number of outstanding common stock
(1,348)
3,747,923
1,164,792 thousand shares
2018 (Unit:
  3,749,271
   Note: 3. As described in the "Changes in Accounting Policies", ASU No. 2014-09 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers was adopted from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and this update applied on a modified retrospective basis.
As a result, net assets per share was decreased ¥8.92 (US$0.08) during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. There was no significant impact on the figures in net income per share and diluted net income per share during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
4. For the calculation of net income per share, the treasury stock which includes shares held by "the Stock Granting Trust (J-ESOP)" was excluded from the average number of common shares outstanding. The average number of treasury stocks during the year ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 was 4,294 thousand shares and 4,203 thousand shares, respectively. For the calculation of net assets per share, the treasury stock which includes shares held by the J-ESOP was excluded from the total number of issued and outstanding shares. The number of treasury stocks as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 was 4,270 thousand shares and 4,161 thousand shares, respectively.
AnnualReport2019 148

 XXI. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
149 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
The board of directors of the Company resolved at its meeting held on May 15, 2019 to repurchase the Company's own shares under the provision of Article 156 of the Companies Act of Japan, as applied pursuant to Article 165, Paragraph 3 of the Act, as follows.
(1) Reason for the Repurchase of the Company's own shares
To enhance shareholder return through the implementation of a flexible capital policy and the improvement of capital efficiency.
(2) Details of the Repurchase
a) Class of shares to be repurchased Shares of common stock
b) Aggregate number of shares to be repurchased Up to 28,000,000 shares
c) Aggregate price of shares to be repurchased Up to ¥28,000 million (US$252 million)
d) Period of repurchase of shares
From May 16, 2019 to March 31, 2020
e) Method of repurchase of shares Open-market repurchase by the trust method
 XXII. (Unaudited) QUARTERLY INFORMATION
  Three months ended June 30, 2018
 Six months ended September 30, 2018
 Nine months ended December 31, 2018
 Year ended March 31, 2019
 Ordinary revenues (million yen)
 1,687,535
 3,596,965
 5,289,316
 7,184,093
 Income before income taxes (million yen)
 57,865
 163,957
 213,238
 319,349
 Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company(million yen)
 41,435
 116,334
 150,850
 225,035
 Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company per share (yen)
 35.57
 99.94
 129.92
 194.43
  Three months ended June 30, 2018
 Three months ended September 30, 2018
 Three months ended December 31, 2018
 Three months ended March 31, 2019
 Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company per share (yen)
 35.57
 64.40
 29.88
 64.71
  Three months ended June 30, 2018
 Six months ended September 30, 2018
 Nine months ended December 31, 2018
 Year ended March 31, 2019
 Ordinary revenues (million US dollars)
 15,204
 32,408
 47,655
 64,727
 Income before income taxes (million US dollars)
 521
 1,477
 1,921
 2,877
 Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company (million US dollars)
 373
 1,048
 1,359
 2,027
 Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company per share (US dollars)
 0.32
 0.90
 1.17
 1.75
  Three months ended June 30, 2018
 Three months ended September 30, 2018
 Three months ended December 31, 2018
 Three months ended March 31, 2019
 Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company per share (US dollars)
 0.32
 0.58
 0.26
 0.58
AnnualReport2019 150

 Independent Auditor's Report
151 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Balance Sheet of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited (Unit: million
(Unit: million yen)
As of March 31,
2019
461,554 Cash 170
Bank deposits Call loans
US dollars)
2019
    (ASSETS)
Cash and deposits
4,158 1 4,156 3,022 1,794 222 277,101 124,243 1,174 18,014 32,079 94,445 7,144 21,156 3,067 18,089 10,116 7,067 3,001 19 1 26 963 764 198 24 4,822 616 116 1,494 479 898 0 872 43 301 500 (5) (3) 323,877
Monetary claims bought
Money held in trust
Securities 30,755,525
Government bonds
Local government bonds
Corporate bonds
Stocks 3,560,534 Foreign securities 10,482,496 Other securities 792,950
Loans 2,348,201
Policy loans
Ordinary loans Tangible fixed assets
Land
Buildings
Leased assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets Software
Other intangible fixed assets Reinsurance receivable
Other assets
Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Accrued revenue Deposits
Margin money for futures trading Differential account for futures trading Derivatives
Suspense payment
Other assets
Customers' liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Reserve for possible loan losses
Reserve for possible investment losses
Total assets
340,424 2,007,776 1,122,873
784,424 333,188 2,219 149 2,892 106,939 84,892 22,047 2,762 535,293 68,384 12,881 165,820 53,221 99,756 68 96,872 4,801 33,487 55,515 (588) (390) 35,947,128
461,384 335,500 199,193
24,747
13,789,754 130,344 1,999,444
   AnnualReport2019 152

 Balance Sheet of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited (Continued)
    (LIABILITIES)
Policy reserves and others
Reserves for outstanding claims Policy reserves
Reserve for policyholder dividends
Reinsurance payable Subordinated bonds Other liabilities
Payables under repurchase agreements Long-term debt and other borrowings Corporate income tax payable
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses Unearned revenue
Deposits received Guarantee deposits received Derivatives
Collateral for financial instruments Lease liabilities
Asset retirement obligations Suspense receipt
Other liabilities
Reserve for employees' retirement benefits
Reserve for retirement benefits of directors, executive officers
and corporate auditors
Reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims Reserve for price fluctuations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation
Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
(NET ASSETS) Capital stock Capital surplus
Legal capital surplus
Other capital surplus Retained earnings
Other retained earnings
Reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
(Unit: million yen)
As of March 31,
2019
30,882,605 130,650 30,353,777 398,178 129,512 476,277 639,493 35,018 283,000 14,743 42,264 46,073 345 57,879 52,467 73,295 18,797 2,392 2,432 2,483 8,299 400,632
1,298
900 198,453 201,155 76,023 55,515 33,061,866
60,000 420,000 60,000 360,000 204,144 204,144 2,228 201,915 684,144 2,211,147 3,457 (13,488) 2,201,117 2,885,261 35,947,128
(Unit: million US dollars)
2019
278,246 1,177 273,482 3,587 1,166 4,291 5,761 315 2,549 132 380 415 3 521 472 660 169 21 21 22 74 3,609
11
8 1,788 1,812 684 500 297,881
540 3,784 540 3,243 1,839 1,839 20 1,819 6,164 19,922 31 (121) 19,831 25,995 323,877
          153 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Statement of Earnings of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
(Unit: million (Unit: million yen) US dollars)
  Year ended March 31,
Ordinary revenues 3,739,594 Premium and other income 2,314,938 Premium income 2,313,738 Reinsurance income 1,199 Investment income 1,140,412 Interest and dividends 805,121 Interest from bank deposits 7,086 Interest and dividends from securities 669,479 Interest from loans 46,172 Rental income 73,175 Other interest and dividends 9,208 Gains on sale of securities 274,737 Gains on redemption of securities 20,397 Reversal of reserve for possible loan losses 379 Other investment income 2,646 Gains on investments in separate accounts 37,130 Other ordinary revenues 284,243 Fund receipt for annuity rider of group insurance 390 Fund receipt for claim deposit payment 170,622 Reversal of reserves for outstanding claims 17,359 Transfer from policy reserves 53,441 Other ordinary revenues 42,431 Ordinary expenses 3,392,943 Benefits and claims 2,328,439 Claims 656,200 Annuities 514,125 Benefits 388,606 Surrender values 509,499 Other refunds 128,972 Ceding reinsurance commissions 131,035 Provision for policy reserves and others 8,265 Provision for interest on policyholder dividends 8,265 Investment expenses 360,777 Interest expenses 12,852 Losses on money held in trust 4,661 Losses on sale of securities 138,415 Losses on valuation of securities 7,852 Losses on redemption of securities 3,099 Derivative transaction losses 48,266 Foreign exchange losses 95,920 Provision for reserve for possible investment losses 37 Write-down of loans 37 Depreciation of real estate for rent and others 13,240 Other investment expenses 36,393 Operating expenses 390,287 Other ordinary expenses 305,173 Claim deposit payments 222,030 National and local taxes 27,653 Depreciation 29,058 Provision for reserve for employees' retirement benefits 7,403 Other ordinary expenses 19,027 Ordinary profit 346,651
2019
33,693 20,857 20,846
10 10,274 7,254 63 6,031 416 659 82 2,475 183 3 23 334 2,560 3 1,537 156 481 382 30,569 20,978 5,912 4,632 3,501 4,590 1,162 1,180 74 74 3,250 115 42 1,247 70 27 434 864 0 0 119 327 3,516 2,749 2,000 249 261 66 171 3,123
 2019
       AnnualReport2019 154

 Statement of Earnings of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited (Continued)
(Unit: million (Unit: million yen) US dollars)
   2019
Year ended March 31,
2,472
2,472 23,038 3,993 1,766 17,000 279 87,500 238,584 72,571 (6,886) 65,684 172,900
2019
 Extraordinary gains
Gains on disposal of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses
Losses on disposal of fixed assets Impairment losses on fixed assets Provision for reserve for price fluctuations Other extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends Income before income taxes
Corporate income taxes-current
Corporate income taxes-deferred
Total of corporate income taxes Net income
22
22 207 35 15 153 2 788 2,149 653 (62) 591 1,557
       155 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Statement of Cash Flows of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
(Unit: million (Unit: million yen) US dollars)
  2019
2019
Year ended March 31,
  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Income before income taxes
Depreciation of real estate for rent and others
Depreciation 29,058 Impairment losses on fixed assets 1,766 Increase (decrease) in reserves for outstanding claims (17,359) Increase (decrease) in policy reserves (53,441) Provision for interest on policyholder dividends 8,265 Provision for (reversal of) reserve for policyholder dividends 87,500 Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible loan losses (406) Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible investment losses (46) Write-down of loans 37 Increase (decrease) in reserve for employees' retirement benefits 7,683 Increase (decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits of directors,
executive officers and corporate auditors (85) Increase (decrease) in reserve for price fluctuations 17,000 Interest and dividends (805,121) Securities related losses (gains) (182,897) Interest expenses 12,852 Foreign exchange losses (gains) 95,920 Losses (gains) on disposal of fixed assets 463 Decrease (increase) in reinsurance receivable (252) Decrease (increase) in other assets unrelated to investing and
financing activities (42,177) Increase (decrease) in reinsurance payable 128,898 Increase (decrease) in other liabilities unrelated to investing and
financing activities (101,221) Others, net 87,286 Subtotal (474,449) Interest and dividends received 827,885 Interest paid (15,999) Policyholder dividends paid (96,237) Others, net 11,940 Corporate income taxes paid (123,411) Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 129,726
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of monetary claims bought (34,317) Proceeds from sale and redemption of monetary claims bought 28,131 Purchases of money held in trust (30,000) Proceeds from decrease in money held in trust 59,853 Purchases of securities (7,084,492) Proceeds from sale and redemption of securities 7,354,019 Origination of loans (620,307) Proceeds from collection of loans 834,076 Others, net (272,984) Total of net cash provided by (used in) investment transactions 233,980 Total of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities and
investment transactions 363,707 Acquisition of tangible fixed assets (48,244) Proceeds from sale of tangible fixed assets 22,736 Acquisition of intangible fixed assets (30,143) Proceeds from sale of intangible fixed assets 295 Proceeds from transfer of business 1,343 Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 179,967
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of financial lease obligations (1,234) Net increase (decrease) in short-term financing 35,018 Cash dividends paid (185,862) Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities (152,078)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 808 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 158,424 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 638,630 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 797,054
238,584 13,240
2,149 119 261 15 (156) (481) 74 788 (3) (0) 0 69
(0) 153 (7,254) (1,647) 115 864 4 (2)
(380) 1,161
(911) 786 (4,274) 7,459 (144) (867) 107 (1,111) 1,168
(309) 253 (270) 539 (63,830) 66,258 (5,588) 7,514 (2,459) 2,108
3,276 (434) 204 (271) 2 12 1,621
(11)
315 (1,674) (1,370) 7 1,427 5,753 7,181
                AnnualReport2019 156

 Statement of Changes in Net Assets of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Year ended March 31, 2019
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Capital stock
60,000
Shareholders' equity
Capital surplus
Legal capital Other capital surplus surplus
60,000 410,000 (49,999)
(Unit: million yen)
Total capital surplus
470,000 (49,999)
(49,999) 420,000
(Unit: million yen)
Total shareholders' equity
696,041
(185,862) 172,900
- 1,064
(11,896) 684,144
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
2,192,217
8,899
8,899 2,201,117
   60,000
(49,999) 60,000 360,000
Shareholders' equity Retained earnings
- -
     Other retained earnings
 Reserve for tax basis adjustments
real estate 1,746
482
482 2,228
of
Retained earnings brought forward
164,295
(135,862) 172,900 (482) 1,064
37,620 201,915
Total retained earnings
166,041
(135,862) 172,900
- 1,064
38,102 204,144
     Valuation and translation adjustments
(Unit: million yen) Total net assets 2,888,259
(185,862) 172,900 - 1,064 8,899 (2,997) 2,885,261
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
2,213,897
(2,750)
(2,750) 2,211,147
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
(9,256)
12,714 12,714 3,457
Reserve for land revaluation
(12,423)
(1,064)
(1,064) (13,488)
    157 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Statement of Changes in Net Assets of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited (Continued)
Year ended March 31, 2019
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Capital stock
Shareholders' equity
Capital surplus
(Unit: million US dollars)
Total capital surplus
4,234 (450)
(450) 3,784
(Unit: million US dollars)
Total shareholders' equity
6,271
(1,674) 1,557 - 9
(107) 6,164
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
  Legal capital surplus
540 540
- - 540 540
Other capital surplus
3,694 (450)
(450) 3,243
     Shareholders' equity Retained earnings
 Other retained earnings
 Reserve for tax basis adjustments
real estate 15
4
4 20
of
Retained earnings brought forward
1,480
(1,224) 1,557 (4) 9
338 1,819
Total retained earnings
1,496
(1,224) 1,557 - 9
343 1,839
     Valuation and translation adjustments
(Unit: million US dollars)
Total net assets
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
19,946
(24)
(24) 19,922
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
(83)
114 114 31
Reserve for land revaluation
(111)
(9)
(9) (121)
19,751 26,022
(1,674) 1,557 - 9 80 80 80 (27) 19,831 25,995
    AnnualReport2019 158

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019
I. BASIS FOR PRESENTATION
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared from the accounts maintained by The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited ("DL"). Certain items presented in the financial statements are reclassified for the convenience of readers outside Japan.
The amounts indicated in millions of yen are rounded down by truncating the figures below one million. Totals may not add up exactly because of such truncation. Amounts in U.S. dollars are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan. The rate of ¥110.99=US$1.00, the foreign exchange rate on March 31, 2019, has been used for translation of the truncated figures in Japanese yen. The inclusion of such amounts is not intended to imply that Japanese yen has been or could be readily converted, realized or settled into U.S. dollars at that rate or any other rate.
II. NOTES TO THE BALANCE SHEET AS OF MARCH 31, 2019
1. Valuation Methods of Securities
Securities held by DL including cash and deposits and monetary claims bought which are equivalent to marketable securities, and marketable securities managed as trust assets in money held in trust, are carried as explained below:
The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts is calculated by the straight-line method.
(1) Trading Securities
Trading securities are carried at fair value with cost determined by the moving average method.
(2) Held-to-maturity Bonds
Held-to-maturity bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
(3) Policy-reserve-matching Bonds (in accordance with the Industry Audit Committee Report No. 21“Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Policy-reserve-matching Bonds in the Insurance Industry”issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (JICPA))
Policy-reserve-matching bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
(4) Stocks of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies are stated at cost determined by the moving average method.
(5) Available-for-sale Securities
a) Available-for-sale Securities with Fair Value
Available-for-sale securities which have market value are valued at fair value at the end of the fiscal year (for domestic stocks, the average value during March), with cost determined by the moving average method.
b) Available-for-sale Securities Whose Fair Values Are Extremely Difficult to Recognize
i) Government/Corporate Bonds (including foreign bonds), Whose Premium or Discount Represents the Interest
Adjustment
Government/corporate bonds (including foreign bonds), whose premium or discount represents the interest adjustment are valued at the amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
ii) Others
All other securities are valued at cost determined by the moving average method.
Net unrealized gains or losses on these available-for-sale securities are presented as a separate component of net assets and not in the statement of earnings.
 159 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 2. Risk Management Policy of Policy-reserve-matching Bonds
DL categorizes its insurance products into sub-groups by the attributes of each product and, in order to manage risks properly, formulates its policy on investments and resource allocation based on the balance of the sub-groups. Moreover, it periodically checks that the duration gap between policy-reserve-matching bonds and policy reserves stays within a certain range.
The sub-groups of insurance products are:
a) individual life insurance and annuities,
b) non-participating single premium whole life insurance (without duty of medical disclosure), c) financial insurance and annuities, and
d) group annuities
with the exception of certain types.
3. Valuation Method of Derivative Transactions
Derivative transactions are reported at fair value.
4. Revaluation of Land
Based on the "Act on Revaluation of Land" (Act No.34, March 31, 1998), land for business use was revalued. The difference between the fair value and book value resulting from the revaluation, net of related deferred taxes, is recorded as a reserve for land revaluation as a separate component of net assets and the related deferred tax liability is recorded as deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation.
(1) Date of revaluation: March 31, 2001
(2) Method stipulated in Article 3, Paragraph 3 of the Act on Revaluation of Land;
The fair value was determined based on the appraisal value publicly announced for tax assessment purposes with certain reasonable adjustments in accordance with Articles 2-1 and 2-4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land (Publicly Issue Cabinet Order No.119, March 31, 1998).
5. Depreciation of Depreciable Assets
(1) Depreciation of Tangible Fixed Assets Excluding Leased Assets
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets excluding leased assets is calculated by the declining balance method (the
depreciation of buildings (other than facilities attached to buildings and structures that were acquired on or before March 31, 2016) is calculated by the straight-line method).
Estimated useful lives of major assets are as follows: Buildings two to sixty years Other tangible fixed assets two to twenty years
Tangible fixed assets other than land, buildings and leased assets that were acquired for ¥100,000 or more but less than ¥200,000 are depreciated at equal amounts over three years.
With respect to tangible fixed assets that were acquired on or before March 31, 2007 and that were fully depreciated to their original depreciable limit, effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008, the remaining values are depreciated at equal amounts over five years from the following fiscal year of the year in which they reached the original depreciable limit.
(2) Amortization of Intangible Fixed Assets Excluding Leased Assets
DL uses the straight-line method for amortization of intangible fixed assets excluding leased assets. Software for internal
use is amortized by the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of five years.
(3) Depreciation of Leased Assets
Depreciation for leased assets with regard to finance leases whose ownership does not transfer to the lessees is
computed under the straight-line method assuming zero salvage value and using the lease period as the useful life.
(4) Accumulated Depreciation of Tangible Fixed Assets
The amount of accumulated depreciation of tangible fixed assets as of March 31, 2019 was ¥609,327 million (US$5,489
million).
    AnnualReport2019 160

 6. Translation of Assets and Liabilities Denominated in Foreign Currencies into Yen
DL translates foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities (excluding stocks of its subsidiaries and affiliated companies) into yen at the prevailing exchange rates at the end of the year. Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies are translated into yen at the exchange rates on the dates of acquisition.
7. Reserve for Possible Loan Losses
The reserve for possible loan losses is calculated based on the internal rules for self-assessment, write-offs, and reserves on assets.
For loans to and claims on obligors that have already experienced bankruptcy, reorganization, or other formal legal failure (hereinafter,“bankrupt obligors”) and loans to and claims on obligors that have suffered substantial business failure (hereinafter,“substantially bankrupt obligors”), the reserve is calculated by deducting the estimated recoverable amount of the collateral or guarantees from the book value of the loans and claims after the direct write-off described below.
For loans to and claims on obligors that have not yet suffered business failure but are considered highly likely to fail, the reserve is calculated taking into account a) the recoverable amount covered by the collateral or guarantees and b) an overall assessment of the obligor’s ability to repay.
For other loans and claims, the reserve is calculated by multiplying the actual rate or other appropriate rate of losses from bad debts during a certain period in the past by the amount of the loans and claims.
For all loans and claims, the relevant department in DL performs an asset quality assessment based on the internal rules for self-assessment, and an independent audit department audits the result of the assessment. The above reserves are established based on the result of this assessment.
For loans and claims to bankrupt and substantially bankrupt obligors, the unrecoverable amount is calculated by deducting the amount deemed recoverable from collateral or guarantees from the amount of the loans and claims and is directly written off from the amount of the loans and claims. The amount written off during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was ¥2 million (US$ 0 million).
8. Reserve for Employees' Retirement Benefits
For the reserve for employees’ retirement benefits, the amount is provided based on the projected benefit obligations and pension assets as of March 31, 2019.
Accounting treatment of retirement benefit obligations and retirement benefit expenses are as follows.
(1) Allocation of Estimated Retirement Benefits
In calculating the projected benefit obligations, the benefit formula basis is adopted to allocate estimated retirement benefit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
(2) Amortization of Actuarial Differences
Actuarial differences are amortized under the straight-line method over a certain period (seven years) within the employees’ average remaining service period, starting from the following year.
9. Reserve for Possible Investment Losses
In order to provide for future investment losses, a reserve for possible investment losses of DL is established for securities whose fair values are extremely difficult to recognize. It is calculated based on the internal rules for self-assessment, write-offs, and reserves on assets.
10. Reserve for Retirement Benefits of Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Auditors
For the reserve for retirement benefits of directors, executive officers and corporate auditors, an estimated amount for future payment pursuant to the internal policies is provided.
11. Reserve for Possible Reimbursement of Prescribed Claims
To prepare for the reimbursement of claims for which prescription periods had expired, an estimated amount for reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims based on past reimbursement experience is provided.
12. Reserve for Price Fluctuations
A reserve for price fluctuations is calculated based on the book value of stocks and other securities at the end of the year in accordance with the provisions of Article 115 of the Insurance Business Act.
       161 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 13. Hedge Accounting
(1) Methods for Hedge Accounting
Hedging transactions are accounted for in accordance with the“Accounting Standards for Financial
Instruments” (Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) Statement No. 10). Primarily, i) special hedge accounting and the deferral hedge method for interest rate swaps are used for cash flow hedges of certain loans, government and corporate bonds, loans payable and bonds payable; ii) the currency allotment method and the deferral hedge method using foreign currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts are used for cash flow hedges against exchange rate fluctuations in certain foreign currency-denominated bonds, loans, loans payable and bonds payable and certain foreign currency- denominated term deposits and stocks (forecasted transaction); iii) the fair value hedge method using currency options and foreign currency forward contracts is used for hedges against exchange rate fluctuations in the value of certain foreign currency-denominated bonds; iv) the deferral hedge method for bond over-the-counter options is used for hedges against interest rate fluctuations in certain foreign currency-denominated bonds; v) the deferral hedge method and fair value hedge method using equity options and equity forward contracts are used for hedges against price fluctuations in the value of certain domestic stocks and foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction), and vi) the deferral hedge method using interest rate swaps is used for hedges against interest rate fluctuations in certain insurance liabilities,under the “Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments to Insurance Operators”(Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26 issued by the JICPA).
 (2) Hedging Instruments and Hedged Items Hedging instruments
 Interest rate swaps
Foreign currency swaps
Foreign currency forward contracts
Currency options
Bond over-the-counter options Equity options
Equity forward contracts
Hedged items
Loans, government and corporate bonds, loans payable, bonds payable, insurance
liabilities
Foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated loans, foreign currency-denominated loans payable, foreign currency-denominated bonds payable Foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated term deposits, foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction)
Foreign currency-denominated bonds
Foreign currency-denominated bonds
Domestic stocks, foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction) Domestic stocks
 (3) Hedging Policies
DL conducts hedging transactions with regard to certain market risk and foreign currency risk of underlying assets to be
hedged, in accordance with the internal investment policy and procedure guidelines.
(4) Assessment of Hedge Effectiveness
Hedge effectiveness is assessed primarily by a comparison of fluctuations in cash flows or fair value of hedged items to
those of the hedging instruments.
14. Calculation of National and Local Consumption Tax
DL accounts for national and local consumption tax by the tax-exclusion method. Deferred consumption tax included in non- recoverable consumption tax on certain assets is capitalized as a prepaid expense and amortized equally over five years in accordance with the Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act, and such taxes other than deferred consumption tax are recognized as an expense when incurred.
15. Policy Reserve
Policy reserves of DL are established in accordance with Article 116 of the Insurance Business Act. Insurance premium reserves are calculated as stated in (1) and (2) below. Policy reserves include additional policy reserves for some whole life insurance policies in accordance with Article 69, Paragraph 5 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act.
(1) Reserves for policies subject to the standard policy reserve rules are calculated based on the methods stipulated by the Commissioner of Financial Services Agency (Notification of the Minister of Finance No.48, 1996).
(2) Reserves for other policies are established based on the net level premium method.
16. Policy Acquisition Costs
The costs of acquiring and renewing policies, which include agent commissions and certain other costs directly related to the acqusition of policies, are expensed when incurred as the Insurance Business Act in Japan does not permit insurance companies to defer and amortize these costs.
   AnnualReport2019 162

 17. Financial Instruments and Others
(1) Financial Instruments
a) Policies in Utilizing Financial Instruments
In an effort to manage investment assets in a manner appropriate to liabilities, which arise from the insurance policies underwritten, DL engages in asset liability management, or ALM, which considers the long-term balance between assets and liabilities to ensure stable returns. With this strategy, DL holds fixed income investments, including bonds and loans, as the core of its asset portfolio. While placing its financial soundness first, DL also holds stocks and foreign securities within its tolerable risk to enhance its profitability and facilitate diversification of investment risks.
DL uses derivatives primarily to hedge market risks associated with its existing asset portfolio and supplement its investment objectives, taking into account the exposure of underlying assets.
With respect to financing, DL has raised capital directly from the capital markets by issuing subordinated bonds as well as indirectly from banks in order to strengthen its capital base. To avoid impact from interest rate fluctuations, DL utilizes derivative transactions in hedging some of such financial liabilities and adopts hedge accounting.
b) Financial Instruments Used and Their Risks
Securities included in financial assets of DL, mainly stocks and bonds, are categorized by its investment objectives
such as held-to-maturity securities, policy-reserve-matching securities and available-for-sale securities. Those securities are exposed to market fluctuation risk, credit risk and interest rate risk and some of the securities denominated in foreign currency are exposed to foreign currency risk. Also, loans are exposed to credit risk arising from the defaults of obligors. DL might be exposed to liquidity risk in certain circumstances in which it cannot make timely payments of principal, interest or other amounts due to unpredictable cash outflows or is forced to raise capital with interest rates substantially higher than usual. Also, some of its loans payable and bonds payable which are floating interest rate based and denominated in foreign currency are exposed to interest rate risk and foreign currency risk.
DL utilizes i) interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain of its loans receivable and payable, ii) equity forward contracts to hedge market fluctuation risks associated with domestic stocks, and iii) foreign currency forward contracts, currency options and foreign currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with certain foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated short-term deposits and foreign currency- denominated debts, etc. and adopt hedge accounting.
In addition, DL utilizes iv)interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain insurance liabilities, under the“Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments to Insurance Operators”(JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26).
In applying the hedge accounting, in order to fulfill requirements stipulated in the“Accounting standards for financial instruments”(ASBJ Statement No. 10), DL has established investment policy and procedure guidelines and clarified the transactions to be hedged, the risk of underlying assets to be hedged and derivative instruments to be used, and conducted pre- and post-effectiveness tests of the transactions.
c) Risk Management
The risk management system of DL is as follows: i) Market Risk Management
Under the internal investment policy and market risk management policy, DL manages market risk by conducting mid- to long-term asset allocation in a manner appropriate to its liabilities. Therefore, it categorizes its portfolio into sub-groups, based on their investment purpose, and manages them taking into account each of their risk characteristics.
(a) Interest rate risk
DL keeps track of interest rates and durations of its assets and liabilities, monitors its internal analyses on
duration gap and interest rate sensitivity, and periodically reports its findings to the board of directors, etc.
(b) Currency risk
DL keeps track of currency composition of its financial assets and liabilities, conducts sensitivity analyses, and
periodically reports its findings to the board of directors, etc.
(c) Fluctuation in market values
DL defines risk management policies and management procedures for each component of its overall portfolio,
including securities and specific risk management procedures, based on the risk characteristics of the categories, and set and manages upper limits of each asset balance and asset allocation weight.
Such management conditions are periodically reported by its risk management sections to the board of directors, etc.
 163 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (d) Derivative transactions
For derivative transactions, DL has established internal check system by segregating i) executing department, ii)
the department which engages in assessment of hedge effectiveness, and iii) the back-office. Additionally, in order to limit speculative use of derivatives, DL has put restrictions on utilization purpose, such as hedging, and establishes position limits for each asset class.
ii) Credit Risk Management
In accordance with the internal investment policy and credit risk management procedure guidelines, DL has
established a credit management system related to loans, such as preliminary reviews on individual transactions, credit limit setting, credit information management, internal credit rating, attachment of guarantees and collateral, and follow-ups on problem loans. For corporate bond investment, the credit section sets investment caps on individual issuers taking into account internal credit ratings and other factors. Excessive risk-taking is restricted since front offices make investment within those caps. Policies and framework for large-lot borrowers have been formulated in order to prevent credit concentration by monitoring compliance, etc. That credit management has been conducted by the credit and risk management sections, and has been periodically reported to the board of directors, etc. Additionally, the internal audit section has also checked credit management status.
Credit risk of security issuers and counterparty risk with respect to derivative transactions are managed by the credit section, which sets upper limits for each counterparty and financial instrument and periodically monitors credit information, and by the risk management section, which periodically calculates current exposures.
d) Supplementary Explanation for Fair Value of Financial Instruments
As well as the values based on market prices, fair value of financial instruments includes values which are reasonably
calculated in case market prices do not exist. As the calculation of those values adopts certain assumptions, those values may vary in case different assumptions are applied.
(2) Fair Values of Financial Instruments
The carrying amount on the balance sheet, fair value and differences between carrying amount and fair value as of
March 31, 2019 were as follows. The following tables do not include financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to recognize. (Please refer to (Note 2))
As of March 31, 2019
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Call loans
(3) Monetary claims bought
(4) Money held in trust
(5) Securities
a. Trading securities
b. Held-to-maturity bonds
c. Policy-reserve-matching bonds
d. Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliate companies e. Available-for-sale securities
Carrying amount
461,554 335,500 199,193
24,747
Fair value
(Unit: million yen) 461,554
335,500 199,193 24,747
865,794 49,940 14,922,259 350 17,528,653
2,461,048 36,849,043
481,044 35,018 283,230 799,293
12,856 8,220 21,076
Gains (Losses)
- 3,322 2,967,732 7 -
113,014 3,084,077
4,767 - 230 4,997
- (2,500) (2,500)
Carrying amount
4,158 3,022 1,794
222
7,800 420 107,708 3 157,930 21,156 (1) 21,155 304,216
4,291 315 2,549 7,156
115 96 212
Fair value
Gains (Losses)
  865,794 46,617 11,954,527 343 17,528,653 (6) Loans 2,348,201 Reserve for possible loan losses (*1) (167) 2,348,033 Total assets 33,764,966
- - - -
(Unit: million US dollars)
4,158 -
3,022 - 1,794 - 222 -
7,800 - 449 29 134,446 26,738 3 0 157,930 -
22,173 1,018 332,003 27,786
4,334 42 315 - 2,551 2 7,201 45
115 - 74 (22) 189 (22)
      (1) Bonds payable 476,277 (2) Payable under repurchase agreement 35,018 (3) Long-term borrowing 283,000
Total liabilities 794,295
Derivative transactions (* 2)
a. Hedge accounting not applied 12,856 b. Hedge accounting applied 10,720
Total derivative transactions 23,577
           (*1) Excluding general reserves for possible loan losses and specific reserves for possible loan losses related to loans. (*2) Credits/debts from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. Figures in [ ] are net debts.
AnnualReport2019 164

 (Note 1) Notes to Methods for Calculating Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Securities and Derivative Transactions ● Assets
(a) Cash and deposits
Since deposits are close to maturity or have no maturity and their fair value is close to the carrying amounts, fair value is
based on the carrying amount.
(b) Call loans
Since all call loans are close to the due date and their fair value is close to their carrying amounts, fair value of call loans
is based on their carrying amount.
(c) Monetary claims bought
The fair value of monetary claims bought is based on the reasonably calculated price.
(d) Money held in trust
The fair value of stocks is based on the price on stock exchanges and that of bonds is based on the price on bond
markets or price presented by counterparty financial institutions. The fair value of mutual funds is based on unit price.
(e) Securities
The fair value of stocks is based on the price on stock exchanges and that of bonds is based on the price on bond
markets or price presented by counterparty financial institutions. The fair value of mutual funds is based on unit price. As for ownership stakes in partnerships, the amount equivalent to partnership interest in fair value of the partnership assets is recorded as fair value of the stake in the partnership.
(f) Loans
The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting future cash flows of the subject loan, using interest rates
corresponding to the internal credit rating and remaining period which are assumed to be applied to new loans to the subject borrower.
Additionally, for risk-monitored loans, reserve for possible loan losses is calculated based on the present value of estimated future cash flows or the amount deemed recoverable from collateral and guarantees and the fair value is close to the carrying amount on the balance sheet minus reserve for possible loan losses at the end of the fiscal year. Therefore, that amount (the carrying amount on the balance sheet minus reserve for possible loan losses) is recorded as fair value of risk-monitored loans.
Also, loans without a due date because of their characteristics that their exposure is limited to the amount of their collaterals are deemed to have fair value close to book value, taking into account estimated repayment period and interest rates. Therefore, their book value is recorded as the fair value.
● Liabilities
(a) Bonds payable
The fair value of bonds is based on the price on the bond market.
(b) Payables under repurchase agreement
Since payables under repurchase agreements are close to the due date and their fair value is close to their carrying
amounts, fair value of payables under repurchase agreements is based on their carrying amount.
(c) Long-term borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings is calculated by discounting future cash flows, using interest rates corresponding
to internal credit rating and remaining periods which are assumed to be applied to new borrowings.
● Derivative Transactions
The breakdown of derivative transactions is a) currency-related transactions; b) interest-related transactions; c) stock-related
transactions; and d) bond-related transactions,etc. The fair value of the instruments is based on the prices on derivatives markets and the prices quoted from financial institutions, etc.
 165 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (Note 2) Financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to recognize were as follows and are not included in the fair value of e) Securities in (Note 1)
As of March 31, 2019
1. Unlisted domestic stocks (*1)(*2) 2. Unlisted foreign stocks (*1)(*2) 3. Other foreign securities (*1)(*2) 4. Other securities (*1)(*2)
Total
Carrying amount
(Unit: million US dollars)
 (Unit: million yen) 45,944
24,207 185,000 104,437 359,588
413
218 1,666 940 3,239
   (*1) These securities cannot be assigned a market value because of the unavailability of tradable markets, and they are excluded from the disclosure of fair value.
(*2) DL recorded impairment charges of ¥836 million (US$7 million) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
18. Real Estate for Rent
DL owns a number of commercial buildings, including land, for rent in various locations, including Tokyo. Net rental income from such real estate for rent for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was ¥34,259 million (US$308 million). The rental income was included in investment income and the rental expense was included in investment expenses. DL recorded impairment loss of ¥1,751 million (US$15 million) on rental real estate as extraordinary losses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
The carrying amount, net change during the year and the fair value of such rental real estate were as follows:
 Carrying amount Beginning balance
Net change for the year Ending balance
Fair value
(Unit: million yen)
804,603 10,305 814,908 1,015,543
(Unit: million US dollars)
7,249 92 7,342 9,149
    (*1) The carrying amount of rental real estate on the balance sheet was acquisition costs net of accumulated depreciation and impairments.
(*2) Net change in the carrying amount included cost of acquisition of the real estate of ¥43,151 million (US$388 million), sale of the real estate of ¥20,901 million (US$188 million), depreciation expense of ¥13,231 million (US$119 million) and impairment of ¥1,751 million (US$15 million).
(*3) DL calculates the fair value of the majority of the rental real estate based on real estate appraisal standards and assessment by an independent appraiser, and others based on internal but reasonable estimates.
19. Securities Lending
Securities lent under lending agreements are included in the balance sheet. The total balance of securities lent as of March 31, 2019 was ¥2,145,862 million (US$19,333 million).
 AnnualReport2019 166

 20. Problem Loans
As of March 31, 2019, the total amounts of credits to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, loans past due for three months or more, and restructured loans were as follows:
 (Unit: million yen)
Credits to bankrupt borrowers (*1)
Delinquent loans (*2)
Loans past due for three months or more (*3)
Restructured loans (*4)
Total 3,905
(Unit: million US dollars)
0 34 - - 35
88 3,816 - -
   (*1) Credits to bankrupt borrowers represent non-accrual loans, excluding the balances already written off, which meet the conditions prescribed in Article 96, Paragraph 1, Item 3, (a) to (e) or Item 4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act (Cabinet Order 97, 1965). Interest accruals of such loans are suspended since the principal of or interest on such loans is unlikely to be collected.
(*2) Delinquent loans are credits that are delinquent other than credits to bankrupt borrowers and loans for which interest payments have been suspended to assist and support the borrowers in the restructuring of their businesses.
(*3) Loans past due for three months or more are loans for which interest or principal payments are delinquent for three months or more under the terms of the loans excluding those classified as credits to bankrupt borrowers or delinquent loans.
(*4) Restructured loans are loans for which certain concessions favorable to borrowers, such as interest reductions or exemptions, postponement of principal or interest payments, release from repayment or other agreements have been negotiated for the purpose of assisting and supporting the borrowers in the restructuring of their businesses. This category excludes loans classified as credits to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, and loans past due for three months or more.
As a result of the direct write-off of loans described in Note 7, the decreases in credits to bankrupt borrowers and delinquent loans were as follows:
Credits to bankrupt borrowers Delinquent loans
21. Assets and Liabilities Held in Separate Accounts
2 -
0 -
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
 The total amount of assets held in separate accounts defined in Article 118, Paragraph 1 of the Insurance Business Act as of March 31, 2019, was ¥1,256,560 million (US$11,321 million). Separate account liabilities were the same amount as the separate account assets.
22. Receivables from and Payables to Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
The total amounts of receivables from and payables to subsidiaries and affiliated companies as of March 31, 2019, were ¥48,279 million (US$434 million) and ¥4,653 million (US$41 million), respectively.
 167 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 23. Deferred Tax Accounting
(1) Major components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2019 (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
4,179 1,224 499 77 55 157 6,193 (110) 6,083
(7,611) (88) (81) (113) (7,895)
(1,812)
 Deferred tax assets:
Policy reserves and others
Reserve for employees' retirement benefits
Reserve for price fluctuations
Impairment losses
Losses on valuation of securities
Others 17,517 Subtotal 687,407 Valuation allowances (12,223)
Total 675,183
463,834 135,903 55,408 8,599 6,144
    Deferred tax liabilities:
Net unrealized gains on securities, net of tax Reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Accrued dividend receivables
Others
Total
Net deferred tax liabilities
(844,848) (9,820) (9,054) (12,615) (876,339)
(201,155)
     (2) The principal reasons for the difference between the statutory effective tax rate and actual effective tax rate after considering deferred taxes as of March 31, 2019
The difference between the statutoy effective tax rate and actual effective tax rate after considering deferred taxes was 5%
or less than satatutory effective tax rate, therefore the principle reason of the diferrece
24. Contingent Liabilities
Guarantee for debt obligations of a separate company were as follows:
(Unit: million yen)
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 315,009
25. Changes in Reserve for Policyholder Dividends
Changes in reserve for policyholder dividends were as follows:
(Unit: million yen)
is omitted.
(Unit: million US dollars) 2,838
(Unit: million US dollars) 3,591
867 74 788 3,587
  Balance at the beginning of the fiscal year Dividends paid during the fiscal year
Interest accrual during the fiscal year Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends Balance at the end of the fiscal year
26. Stocks of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
398,650 96,237 8,265 87,500 398,178
    The amount of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies of DL held as of March 31, 2019 was ¥70,664 million (US$636 million).
27. Organization Change Surplus
As of March 31, 2019, the amount of organizational change surplus stipulated in Article 91 of the Insurance Business Act was ¥117,776 million (US$1,061 million).
 AnnualReport2019 168

 28. Assets Pledged as Collateral / Secured Liabilities
The amounts of assets pledged as collateral were as follows:
(Unit: million yen)
Securities 74,409 Land 261 Cash and deposits 86 Buildings 38
(Unit: million US dollars) 670
2 0 0
673
(Unit: million US dollars) 315
0 315
  Aseets pledged as collateral
The amount of secured liabilities were as follows:
Payables under repurchase agreements Guarantee deposits received
Secured liabilities
74,796
(Unit: million yen) 35,018
21 35,039
     "Securities" mentioned above included ¥30,159 million (US$271 million) of Securities which were sold under repurchase agreements, as of March 31, 2019.
29. Reinsurance
The amount of reserves for outstanding claims for reinsured parts defined in Article 71, Paragraph 1 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act, which is referred to in Article 73, Paragraph 3 of the Ordinance (hereinafter “reserves for outstanding claims reinsured”), was ¥26 million (US$0 million) The amount of policy reserves provided for reinsured parts defined in Article 71, Paragraph 1 of the Ordinance (hereinafter“policy reserves reinsured”) was ¥98,654 million (US$888 million).
30. Net Assets per Share
The amount of net assets per share of DL as of March 31, 2019 was ¥480,876,998.30 (US$4,332,615.53).
31. Employees' Retirement Benefits
(1) Overview of Employees' Retirement Benefit Plan
As a defined benefit plan for its sales representatives, DL has established and maintained a benefit plan consisting of
retirement lump sum grants and company administered pension.
For its administrative personnel, DL has established and maintained a benefit plan consisting of defined benefit corporate
pension and retirement lump sum grants as a defined benefit plan and defined contribution pension as a defined contribution plan.
  (2) Defined Benefit Plans
a) Reconciliations of beginning and ending balances of projected benefit obligations
a. Beginning balance of the projected benefit obligations
b. Service cost
c. Interest cost
d. Accruals of actuarial (gains) and losses
e. Payment of retirement benefits
f. Others
g. Ending balance of the projected benefit obligation (a + b + c + d + e + f)
(Unit: million yen) 693,065
28,164 2,076 2,183
(33,058) (1,121)
691,309
(Unit: million US dollars) 6,244
253 18 19 (297) (10)
6,228
   169 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 b) Reconciliations of beginning and ending balances of pension assets
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars) 2,617
3
4 63 (184) 2,505
a. Beginning balance of pension assets
b. Estimated return on assets
c. Accruals of actuarial (gains) and losses
d. Contribution from the employer
e. Payment of retirement benefits
f. Ending balance of pension assets (a + b + c + d + e)
290,532 389 488 7,059 (20,436) 278,033
   c) Reconciliations of year-end balance of projected benefit obligations and pension assets, and net defined benefit liabilities and assets that have been recorded in the balance sheet
a. Projected benefit obligation of funded pensions
b. Pension assets
c. Subtotal (a + b)
d. Projected benefit obligation for unfunded pensions
e. Unrecognized actuarial differences
f. Net of assets and liabilities recorded in the balance sheet (c + d + e)
d) Amount of the components of retirement benefit expenses
a. Service cost
b. Interest cost
c. Expected return on assets
d. Amortization of unrecognized actuarial differences
(Unit: million yen) 372,927
(278,033) 94,893 318,381 (12,643)
400,632
(Unit: million yen) 28,164
2,076 (389) (1,508)
(Unit: million US dollars) 3,360
(2,505) 854 2,868 (113)
3,609
(Unit: million US dollars) 253
18
(3) (13) 2
257
     e. Others 279
 f. Retirement benefit expenses for defined benefit plans (a + b + c + d + e)
e) Pension assets
Ratios of the major assets to the total pension assets were as follows:
Stocks 59% Asset under joint management 20% Bonds 8% Life insurance general account 5%
28,621
  Others Total
7% 100%
  The proportion of retirement benefit trust to total pension assets that has been set of March 31, 2019 was 53%.
for the retirement lump sum grants as
f) The method of setting the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets
To determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets, DL has taken into account the allocation of pension assets at present and in future, and long-term rate of return on a variety of assets that make up the pension assets at present and in future.
g) Calculation basis of actuarial gains and losses
Major assumptions of basis of actuarial calculation as of March 31, 2019 were as follows:
Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return
Defined benefit corporate pension Employee pension trust
0.30%
0.30% 0.00%
 (3) Defined Contribution Plans
Required amount of contribution to defined contribution plans for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was ¥1,542
million (US$13 million).
AnnualReport2019 170

 32.
Securities Borrowing
Of securities borrowed under borrowing agreements, the market value of the securities which can be sold or pledged as collateral but were not sold nor pledged as of March 31, 2019 was ¥59,021 million (US$531 million), among which none of the securities were pledged as collateral.
Commitment Line
As of March 31, 2019, there were unused commitment line agreements under which DL was the lender of ¥63,367 million (US$570 million).
Subordinated Debt
As of March 31, 2019, other liabilities included subordinated debt of ¥283,000 million (US$2,549 million), whose repayment is subordinated to other obligations.
Subordinated Bonds
As of March 31, 2019, bonds payable included foreign currency-denominated subordinated bonds of ¥476,277 million (US$4,291 million), whose repayment is subordinated to other obligations.
Obligations to the Life Insurance Policyholders Protection Corporation of Japan
The estimated future obligations to the Life Insurance Policyholders Protection Corporation of Japan under Article 259 of the Insurance Business Act as of March 31, 2019 were ¥45,066 million (US$406 million). These obligations will be recognized as operating expenses in the period in which they are paid.
 33.
34.
35.
36.
    171 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 III. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF EARNINGS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019
1. Revenues and Expenses from Transactions with Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
The total amounts of revenues and expenses from transactions with subsidiaries and affiliated companies were ¥5,688 million (US$51 million) and ¥20,265 million (US$182 million), respectively.
2. Gains/Losses on Sale of Securities, Losses on Valuation of Securities
Gains on sale of securities included gains on sale of domestic bonds, domestic stocks, foreign securities and other securities of ¥129,070 million (US$1,162 million), ¥69,097 million (US$622 million), ¥75,817 million (US$683 million) and ¥751 million (US$6 million), respectively.
Losses on sale of securities included losses on sales of domestic bonds, domestic stocks, foreign securities and other securities of ¥8,658 million (US$78 million), ¥8,819 million (US$79 million), ¥120,326 million (US$1,084 million) and ¥611 million (US$5 million), respectively.
Losses on valuation of securities included losses on valuation of domestic stocks and foreign securities of ¥7,514 million (US$67 million) and ¥338 million (US$3 million), respectively.
3. Reinsurance
In calculating the reversal of reserves for outstanding claims, a provision for reserves for outstanding claims reinsured of ¥24 million (US$ 0 million) was added. In calculating the reversal of policy reserves, a provision for reserves for policy reserves reinsured of ¥98,654 million (US$888 million) was added.
4. Gains/Losses on Money Held in Trust
Losses on money held in trust included losses on valuation of securities of ¥5,590 million (US$50 million).
5. Derivative Transaction Gains/Losses
Derivative transaction losses included losses on valuation of ¥8,808 million (US$79 million).
6. Net Income per Share
Net income per share for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was ¥28,816,757.07 (US$259,633.81). Diluted net income per share for the same period is not presented because there were no existing diluted shares.
7. Impairment Losses on Fixed Assets
Details of impairment losses on fixed assets for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 were as follows:
(1) Method of Grouping Assets
Real estate and other assets used for insurance business purposes are recognized as one asset group. Each property for rent and property not in use, which is not used for insurance business purposes, is deemed to be an independent asset group.
(2) Background for Recognition of Impairment Losses
As a result of significant declines in profitability or market value of some asset groups, DL wrote down the book value of
these assets to the recoverable value, and reported such write-off as impairment losses in extraordinary losses.
(3) Breakdown of Impairment Losses
Impairment losses by asset group for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 were as follows:
      Asset Group
Real estate not use
Place
Niigata city,Niigata Prefecture and others
Number
Impairment Losses
   in
Total 9 6 15
Buildings Total (Unit: million yen)
Land
20 1,052 714 1,766
Land Buildings
(Unit: million US dollars)
  (4) Calculation of Recoverable Value
Value in use or net sale value is used as the recoverable value of real estate for rent, and net sale value is used as the
recoverable value of real estate not in use. A discount rate of 2.28% for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was applied for discounting future cash flows in the calculation of value in use. Estimated disposal value, appraisal value based on real estate appraisal standards, or appraisal value based on publicly assessed land value for tax purposes is used as the net sale value.
AnnualReport2019 172

 IV. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019
1. Scope of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows consists of cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition, which are readily convertible into cash and have an insignificant risk of changes in value.
 2. Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents to Balance Sheet Accounts
Details of reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents to balance sheet accounts were as follows: As of March 31,
2019
(Unit: million yen)
Cash and deposits 461,554 Call loans 335,500 Cash and cash equivalents 797,054
2019 (Unit: million US dollars)
4,158 3,022 7,181
        V. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019
1. Number of Shares Outstanding
2. Dividends on Common Stock
(1) Dividends paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
   At the beginning of the fiscal year
 Increase during the fiscal year
 Decrease during the fiscal year
 At the end
of the fiscal year
 Common Stock
 6,000
 -
 -
 6,000
 173 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Date of resolution Type of shares Total dividends Dividends per share Record date Effective date Dividend resource
Date of resolution Type of shares Total dividends Dividends per share Record date Effective date Dividend resource
June 20, 2018 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥135,862 million (US$1,224 million)
¥22,643,700 (US$204,015)
March 31, 2018 June 21, 2018 Retained earnings
June 20, 2018 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥49,999 million (US$450 million)
¥8,333,300 (US$75,081)
March 31, 2018 June 21, 2018 Capital surplus
(2) Dividends, the record date of which was March 31, 2019, to be paid out in the year ending March 31, 2020
Date of resolution Type of shares Total dividends Dividends per share Record date Effective date Dividend resource
Date of resolution Type of shares Total dividends Dividends per share Record date Effective date Dividend resource
June 18, 2019 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥137,148 million (US$1,235 million)
¥22,858,000 (US$205,946)
March 31, 2019 June 19, 2019 Retained earnings
June 18, 2019 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥49,999 million (US$450 million)
¥8,333,300 (US$75,081)
March 31, 2019 June 19, 2019 Capital surplus
 Independent Auditor's Report
AnnualReport2019 174

 Solvency Margin Ratio
(1) Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Total solvency margin (A)
Common stock, etc. (*1)
Reserve for price fluctuations Contingency reserve
Catastrophe loss reserve
General reserve for possible loan losses
(Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities (before tax) and deferred hedge gains (losses) (before tax) ) × 90% (*2)
Net unrealized gains (losses) on real estate × 85% (*2)
Sum of unrecognized actuarial differences and unrecognized past service cost
Policy reserves in excess of surrender values
Qualifying subordinated debt
Excluded portion of policy reserves in excess of surrender values and qualifying subordinated debt
As of March 31, 2018 7,291,806
(Unit: million yen)
As of March 31, 2019 7,334,485
       1,223,916 1,314,711
  195,797 218,259
  721,146 730,962
  ――
487     100
  2,799,571 2,639,363
  155,521 199,850
  (11,591) (15,103)
  2,320,038 2,334,583
  759,277 844,277
  (749,638) (728,756)
  (165,060) (265,089)
           Excluded items
Others 42,340
61,326 1,686,480 123,221 5,906 1,592 194,479
―
261,882 72,822 1,280,399 38,806
869.7%
       Total risk
Insurance risk
General insurance risk
Catastrophe risk
3rd sector insurance risk
Small amount and short-term insurance risk
Assumed investment yield risk Guaranteed minimum benefit risk Investment risk
Business risk
Solvency margin ratio
(A) ×100
(B) R1
R5 R6 R8
R9
R2 R7 R3 R4
1,739,555 120,255 5,264 2,087 201,344
―
253,235 81,046 1,332,508 39,914
838.3%
                    (*3)
            (1/2)×(B)
*1: Expected disbursements of capital to outside the Company and accumulated other comprehensive income, etc. are excluded. *2: Multiplied by 100% if losses.
*3: Calculated by standard method.
Note: The above figures are calculated based on Article 210-11-3 and 210-11-4 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance Business Act, and Notification of the Financial Services Agency No. 23, 2011.
175 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (2) The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Solvency Margin Ratio
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2019
6,397,977
970.8%
      Total solvency margin (A)
6,328,252
   Total risk (B)
1,435,172
1,318,040
   Solvency margin ratio
(A) ×100
881.8%
 (1/2)×(B)
Note:The figures are calculated based on Articles 86, 87 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance Business Act, and Announcement No. 50,
Ministry of Finance, 1996. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Total solvency margin (A)
Solvency margin ratio
(A) ×100
As of March 31, 2018
884.3%
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2019
6,318,688
974.4%
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2019
520,279
506.9%
      6,251,712
   Total risk (B)
1,413,924
1,296,925
    (1/2)×(B)
Note: The figures are calculated based on Article 86-2 and 88 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance
Business Act, and Notification of the Financial Services Agency No. 23, 2011.
(3) The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Solvency Margin Ratio
As of March 31, 2018
   As of March 31, 2018
   Total solvency margin (A)
472,720
   Total risk (B)
164,541
205,244
   Solvency margin ratio
(A) ×100
574.5%
 (1/2)×(B)
Note: The figures are calculated based on Articles 86, 87 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance Business Act, and Announcement No. 50,
Ministry of Finance, 1996.
(4) The Neo First Life Insurance Company, Limited Solvency Margin Ratio
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2019
29,541
3,134.3%
   As of March 31, 2018
   Total solvency margin (A)
21,825
   Total risk (B)
831
1,884
   Solvency margin ratio
(A) ×100
5,250.4%
 (1/2)×(B)
Note: The figures are calculated based on Articles 86, 87 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance Business Act, and Announcement No. 50, Ministry of Finance, 1996.
AnnualReport2019 176

     