Summary of Business
 CONNECT 2020 Initiatives
Protective
Steady profit contribution driven by retail and acquisitions
For retail operations (life insurance and individual annuities), we enhanced cross-sales with major financial institutions to promote organic growth, in addition to reinforcing our existing sales channels. For acquisition operations, following the acquisition of in-force blocks from Liberty Life in May 2018, Protective acquired in-force blocks of individual insurance and annuities from Great-West, marking the fourth acquisition since Protective became a part of the Dai-ichi Life Group.
TAL
Top position for six years and Suncorp life acquisition
Going forward, while focusing on integration of these large-scale acquisitions, we will continue to aim for further profit growth through new acquisitions.
U.S.A.
Independent agents, securities companies, bancassurance and direct sales
627.6 billion yen 2,936
cross-sales with the Suncorp Group to realize steady growth.
* Based on the annualized net premiums from in-force as of December-end, 2018
Australia
Independent advisors, direct sales
287.5 billion yen 2,014
Vietnam
Individual insurance agents and bancassurance
57.1 billion yen 1,382
Dai-ichi Life Cambodia
First subsidiary of Japanese life insurance company
In Cambodia, Dai-ichi Life Cambodia was established in March 2018 as the country’s first subsidiary of a Japanese life insurance company and commenced operations in April 2019. Going forward, Dai-ichi Life Cambodia will strive to expand market share by developing distribution channels.
Star Union Dai-ichi Life
Promotion of growth in earnings through reinforcing bancassurance channels
Star Union Dai-ichi Life aims to boost its topline and earning capability through greater collaboration with joint venture partners, strengthening of wholesalers, and the training of highly efficient staff in sales representative (fixed salary) channels.
Panin Dai-ichi Life
Sustainable growth by reinforcing sales channels
Panin Dai-ichi Life aims to improve the topline and profitability by recruiting and developing more individual insurance agents, and enhancing sales promotion structure for bancassurance channels.
OCEAN LIFE
Positive growth through individual insurance agent channels development
OCEAN LIFE aims for sustainable growth through reinforcing the foundation for future growth that involves continuous recruitment and training of new personnel for the individual agency channel, expanding capabilities of leaders, and workplace development.
Stability through insurance
Cambodia
Individual insurance agents and bancassurance
– 41
India
Bancassurance and individual insurance agents
32.1 billion yen 2,810
Indonesia
Individual insurance agents and bancassurance
30.1 billion yen 348
Thailand
Individual insurance agents
44.7 billion yen 1,870
      Country of LocationMajor Sales ChannelsPremium and other income 1Number of employeesCountry of LocationMajor Sales ChannelsPremium and other income 1Number of employees   Country of LocationMajor Sales ChannelsPremium and other income 1Number of employees   TAL has held the top position* in terms of annualized net premiums from in-force in Australia’s protection-type insurance market for six straight years since 2013 by reinforcing the foundation of existing channels.
Going forward, in addition to diversifying sales channels, products, and services, TAL will continue to steadily carry out the integration of the life insurance business acquired from Suncorp Group, which was completed in February 2019, as well as promote Country of LocationMajor Sales ChannelsPremium and other income 1Number of employees  Country of LocationMajor Sales ChannelsPremium and other income 1,2Number of employees Dai-ichi Life Vietnam
 Continuous topline growth to become top foreign life insurer
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam expanded market share by strengthening the individual insurance agent channel through extensive training and expansion of sales networks, while developing alternative channels. It acquired the top market share among foreign life insurers in terms of first year premium for 2018.
Going forward, we will continue to aim for sustainable growth by expanding sales and improving quality.
1: Based on the exchange rate as of fiscal year end for each company 2: Including deposit replacement products
  Country of LocationMajor Sales ChannelsPremium and other income 1Number of employees  Country of LocationMajor Sales ChannelsPremium and other income 1Number of employees39 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2019 40