 ■Universities that have concluded collaboration agreements or are engaging in joint research (as of July 2019) • Kyoto University • Fujita Health University • Shiga University • Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University
• Tokyo University of Science
■Main objectives
• Training data scientists • Discovery of cutting-edge technologies • Joint research in health and medical fields, etc.
 Value Creation Initiatives
Fostering Innovation
Insurance × Technology
Promote health for all
Our Vision for InsTech
Stability through insurance
Development of cutting-edge technology
    Providing a New Customer Experience (CX)
Analysis and Utilization of Medical Big Data
The Group has reviewed underwriting standards based on analysis of medical big data from internal and external sources. As a result, it now underwrites approximately 38,000 additional policies a year, which is approximately 3%* of all Dai-ichi Life’s new policies. In addition, the Group has developed new products and services based on the results of analysis of medical big data. Examples of such products are Health Age® (using health age) and Health Checkup Discount.
Going forward, the Dai-ichi Life Group aims to contribute
to improving quality of life and promoting extension of a healthy
lifespan using big data analysis.
* People covered by multiple insurance policies are counted as one policy for products from April 2018.
Expanding Insurance Coverage through the Analysis of Big Data
2017 2018 2019
Fiscal 2018: additional 38 thousand policies 45 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Enhancing Productivity (EX)
More User Friendly and Higher
Productivity Through Innovation
The Group is working to increase convenience for customers by digitalization of various administrative processes and to raise productivity by introducing robotic process automation (RPA) and AI technologies. Already, RPA and AI are handling 460 tasks and at least 132,000 hours of work (as of March 31, 2019).
Through these initiatives and related measures such as work-style reform, the Group will shift an equivalent of 2,100 people to growth areas over the coming five years including the term of the current medium-term management plan.
Productivity Improvement (Including Work-style Reform)
Expanding Business Domains
Providing Health Promotion Services Outside
the Group
In June 2018, QOLead, Limited was established as a wholly owned subsidiary of Dai-ichi Life Holdings. In addition to transferring health promotion services, such as Dai-ichi Life’s Kenko Daiichi (health first) app to QOLead, we have also been providing health promotion services to JAPAN POST INSURANCE Co., Ltd. through QOLead since January 2019. Moreover, in October 2019, as an add-on to Dai-ichi Life group insurance, we will launch a service targeting corporate clients to support health management.
Going forward, we will continue developing and considering a variety of health promotion services in collaboration with other companies to expand our customer reach.
Providing Health Promotion Services to JAPAN POST INSURANCE through QOLead
Building infrastructure to support above initiatives
Accelerating Open Innovation
Promoting Human Capital Development and Expanding Industry–Academia Collaboration
In addition to the Group’s internal resources, we are actively collaborating with other companies, research institutions, and start-ups that have knowledge and ideas from other fields to accelerate the creation of groundbreaking innovation.
Moreover, we are also striving to develop human capital to drive future innovation through discovering talent by holding contests and expanding industry-academia collaboration.
InsTech
Open Innovation Business Contest 2019
Annual Report 2019 46