Special Feature: Providing New Value Decarbonization Initiatives and Exploration of Growth Markets
We will support customers in their efforts
to achieve carbon neutrality while cementing our presence in this growth market.
Satoshi Kanamori
Executive Officer
In charge of LNG, Carbon-Neutral Promotion
 Utilization of Energy Transportation Experience and Customer Base
“K” LINE established the Carbon-Neutral Promotion Group in April 2021 to facilitate the swift launch of businesses that contribute to carbon neutrality amid an accelerating global decarbonization movement.
We anticipate that markets which promote carbon neutrality will see continuous growth. Factors behind this growth will include increased demand for offshore support vessels for offshore wind energy generation; the establishment of supply chains for alternative fuel sources, such as LNG, hydrogen, and ammonia; the emergence of zero-emission ships
that utilize fuel cells and electric systems; and the commercialization of carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) methodologies. With its accu- mulated experience and insight related to energy transportation business of oil, coal, and LNG and offshore support vessels, “K” LINE has been able to earn trust from energy industry customers around the world. We will support customers in their effort to achieve carbon neutrality with this business experience while increasing our presence in this growing market.
New Trends in Carbon Neutrality-Related Business
 In June 2021, operations commenced at “K” Line Wind Service, Ltd. (KWS), a company that provides offshore support vessels and transportation service related to the development, construction, operation, and maintenance of offshore wind power generation projects. KWS is a joint venture with Kawasaki Kinkai Kisen Kaisha Ltd. that combines both parties’ offshore support business expertise as well as the insight of the “K” LINE Group companies pertaining to tug vessel operations and logistics solutions. We plan
to develop the operations of KWS to support the development of offshore wind power generation projects in Japan with a focus on recruiting and training Japanese seafarers, contributing to offshore business communities, and invigorating local communities.
Furthermore, in August 2021, Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., and “K” LINE entered into a joint development agreement with DP Energy, a renewable energy developer headquartered in Ireland, for a tidal energy project in Canada. This project will be the first overseas tidal energy project participated
in by Japanese companies and will entail the installation of three underwater turbine generators.
At the same time, “K” LINE is advancing
R&D activities with an eye to future technological progress, including participation in verification tests for the social implementation of liquefied CO2 maritime transportation (see page 65).
  28
Offshore support vessel
 By supporting customers’ carbon neutrality initiatives, “K” LINE aims to help contribute to targets of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals related to expanding renew- able energy use (target 7.2), improving efficiency in natural resource use (targets 9.4 and 12.2), and mitigating climate change (target 13.3).
    Value Creation Initiatives
Contributions to customers’ carbon neutrality initiatives utilizing insight accumulated through offshore service and energy transportation businesses
Leadership for the development of carbon neutrality-related markets together with partners in maritime business communities comprised of shipbuilding, ship machinery, port transporta- tion, and warehouse and distribution industries as a shipping company that plays a central role in the maritime industry
Support for the development of offshore wind power generation, which has been defined as a priority field in the Japanese government’s “Green Growth Strategy Through Achieving Carbon Neutrality in 2050,” through offshore support vessels and transportation solutions
Advancement of R&D activities with an eye to future innovation   Overview of Maritime Industry and Carbon Neutrality TrendsRegulatory Environment
The International Maritime Organization (IMO), a specialized United Nations agency that plays a leadership role in international cooperative actions relating to maritime issues, is responsible for developing environmental policies and other rules for international shipping activities. The initial IMO greenhouse gas strategy launched in April 2018 puts forth the following greenhouse gas reduction targets for international shipping activities: reduce CO2 emissions per transport work by at least 40% by 2030 compared to 2008, reduce total annual greenhouse emissions from international shipping by at least 50% by 2050 compared to 2008, and phase out greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible in this century.
The IMO’s initial greenhouse gas strategy was originally planned to be revised in 2023, and the revision process is slated to begin in fall 2021.
The European Union, which is taking the lead in environmental discussions, has introduced the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) and has proposed instituting stricter international regulations by expanding the application of EU ETS to the entire world. The Japanese government encourages the acceleration of effective policy develop- ment by the IMO instead of simply expanding the application of the EU ETS.
Meanwhile, the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (CORSIA) was instituted in the aviation industry in 2021, allowing for the utilization of voluntary credits.
Reduction of Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Ship Operations
It is imperative for shipping companies to replace heavy fuel oil with low-emissions fuel to achieve carbon neutrality. In order to transition to low-emissions fuel while maintaining ongoing shipping operations, there is a need to establish supply infrastructure for providing alternative fuels with reliable quality in a timely manner across the globe.
Energy Supply Chain Development
Shipping companies support energy resource supply chains through maritime transportation. The role played by these companies is particularly important in Japan, which depends on imports for a large amount of its energy resources. In the future, it is expected that shipping companies will be able to make continuous contributions to the safe transportation of and development of supply chains for new energy resources, such as hydrogen, ammonia, and CO2, while also transporting traditional energy resources such as oil, coal, and LNG.
The transition to alternative fuel sources is advancing rapidly in power, chemical, and other industries, and it will therefore be important to secure sufficient volumes of fuel over the long term. In order to facilitate this transition to alternative fuel sources, the shipping industry will need to contribute to the establishment of a sustainable and strategic energy supply chain together with the relevant industries.
The transition to renewable energy will facilitate the local generation and local consumption of energy in Japan, and such localization will increase demand for short sea and coastal vessels. These increases in demand will create a greater need for Japanese seafarers to ensure the sustainability of operations, meaning that strategic educational programs are a must.
   “K” LINE REPORT 2021
29