Special Feature: Providing New Value Improvement of Safety, Environmental Performance, and Quality with Digital Technologies
As we pursue safety in navigation, the reduction of environmental impacts, and improvements in service quality, we will use data and cutting-edge technologies to create new value.
Hiroshi Uchida
General Manager of AI/Digitalization Strategy Group
 Data Platform Development to Support Digital Transformation
 Guided by its management plan’s theme of “Connecting the World via Oceans and Technology,” “K” LINE is pursuing safety in navigation, the reduction of environ- mental impacts, and improvements in service quality. Our accumulated technological know-how is being utilized along with digital technologies to accelerate our prog- ress toward these goals. At the same time, constituents of the Ship Technical Group, including the Safety and Quality Management Group and the Advanced Technology Group, are teaming up with the Information System Group, business groups, and all other onshore
divisions to create new value.
Responding swiftly to digital transformation trends in
the shipping industry and achieving higher levels of safety, environmental performance, and quality will require the development of data platforms for both onshore and offshore operations. “K” LINE is installing digital infra- structure for communications between onshore facili- ties and vessels at sea while linking data from the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions integrated vessel operation and performance management system, vessel management data, and data from various internal systems.
Safer Operation and More Sophisticated Operation Management Using AI Technologies
 We started to use the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions system in 2016, and we have recently been augmenting this system with the latest artificial intel- ligence (AI) analysis technologies. Infusing the system with these technologies enables highly accurate analysis of the impacts of external factors such wind, waves, and currents on the operating performance of vessels at sea. When combined with the navigation optimization sup- port system that is a component of the overall Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions system, these analytical capabilities contribute to more sophisticated operation management along with increased safety and reduced environmental impacts.
“K” LINE is also using AI-powered technologies to
develop autonomous ship technologies. For example,
AI can be used to analyze data collected by the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions system as well as opera- tion data pertaining to past incidents and maintenance records, which make it possible to optimize the perfor- mance of engine plants and to predict engine trouble
in advance. We are also developing ship maneuvering support systems that use image recognition technologies employing high-spec cameras and AI to avoid collisions with other vessels and prevent vessels from grounding accidents, along with the latest collision risk calculation engines. By introducing such advanced technologies, we aim to reduce the burden placed on crew members while improving safety and transportation quality.
Reforms to Onboard Workstyles and Improvement of Service Quality through Digitalization
   Digital technologies are contributing to reforms to onboard workstyles. We are bolstering the network infrastructure of ships by installing onboard communica- tions equipment and Wi-Fi networks to heighten the efficiency of onboard work. For example, we are utilizing mathematical optimization technologies to automate cargo loading plan preparation in order to allow the planning simulations traditionally conducted onboard to be performed onshore. By sharing information between vessels and onshore facilities in these ways, we aim to expand safety in ship management and develop new frameworks to respond swiftly to customer needs.
Data collecting & monitoring
  30
Performance analysis
Optimum navigation
K-IMS
 By using data and cutting-edge technologies to increase the safety of operations, reduce environmental impacts, and improve service quality, “K” LINE aims to help contribute to targets of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals related to increasing energy efficiency (targets 7.3 and 12.2), mitigating climate change (target 13.3), and preventing marine pollution (target 14.1).
    Value Creation Initiatives
Development of data platforms necessary for digital transformation
Introduction of cutting-edge technologies into the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions integrated vessel operation and performance management system to boost safety in naviga- tion, reduce environment impacts, and improve transportation quality and thereby heighten “K” LINE’s service quality
Digitalization of onboard work to reform onboard workstyles and strengthen service quality
Development of next-generation autonomous ship technologies using advanced digital technologies   Digital Technology Utilization in the Shipping IndustryInstallation of Offshore Broadband Networks
The installation of high-speed communications equipment on ships is significantly behind the installation of onshore infrastructure. However, the spread of satellite communication services and the growth of this market sparked an increase in the speed of communications on ships together with a reduction in costs in the mid-2010s, contributing to the digitalization of onboard work. In the near future, increases in low-orbit satellites are expected to further accelerate the speed of communications on ships.
The spread of broadband networks on ships and the installation of onboard Wi-Fi networks is contributing to improved operational efficiency as well as to increased benefits for crew members. These networks have been espe- cially important since 2020, as they are an invaluable method of communicating with family members and maintaining good mental health for crew members faced with extended stays on vessels due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Maritime Business and Vessel Innovation
The digitalization of vessel navigation systems and terminal operations is becoming more common in the shipping industry, helping to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through the overall optimization of operation management. In addition, cutting-edge blockchain technology is being used to streamline processes across the shipping value chain, ranging from fuel procurement and cargo tracking to ship recycling and waste management.
It can be expected that we will see increased use of open platforms for sharing navigation and ship data in conjunc- tion with the acceleration of land and sea communications, the installation of high-speed communication systems and the spread of Internet of Things (IoT) technologies. In Japan, the Internet of Ships Open Platform (IoS-SP) ship data sharing platform was implemented in 2018 for the purpose of sharing shipping industry data. In this manner, data sharing and distribution are on the rise in Japan’s shipping industry.
R&D on autonomous ship technologies is moving forward with the goals of improving safety in navigation, onboard work environments, and industry competitiveness and productivity. In Japan, safety engineering guidelines have been established by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism to facilitate the practical application of autonomous ship technologies, and verification tests related to these guidelines are underway.
Cybersecurity Enhancement
Recent years have seen serious system failures resulting from large-scale cyberattacks, and there have been cases in which weeks have been required to fully recover from attacks or when the alteration of Global Positioning System (GPS) data necessary for navigation has impacted ship courses. For these reasons, enhancing cybersecurity for information systems is a matter of utmost importance for shipping companies.
In response to such issues, the IMO released guidelines on maritime cyber risk management in 2017, and the management of cyber risks through safety management systems based on the International Safety Management (ISM) Code has been strongly encouraged since January 2021.
“K” LINE has been taking steps to enhance cybersecurity by developing a safe and robust global network to effectively manage cyber risks. For example, we received Cyber Security Management System accreditation from ClassNK, and we are working to improve system defense measures and surveillance using the latest technologies to build a safe and strong global network (see pages 54 and 55).
   “K” LINE REPORT 2021
31