   
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 
  
Our Vision 
We will strive to make positive contributions to society by providing appealing products from global perspectives and based on our vibrant and trustworthy corporate qualities. 
	.	1  We will strive to make a positive contribution to society with safe, appealing, and useful technology and products.  
	.	2  We will pull together culture based on trust, reliability and the pursuit of excellence.  
Editorial Policy 
The Aichi Steel Integrated Report 2020 was prepared to assist understanding among our many stakeholders of the approaches taken by Aichi Steel and the Aichi Steel Group in fiscal 2019, ended March 31, 2020. Besides describing these approaches with specific examples, it sets forth as much as possible the causes and future initiatives concerning items for which targets have not yet been met. 
As we celebrate our 80th anniversary, we have written this report with a focus on the clear communication of our growth strategies, and the value we contribute to society, during this major once-in-a-century transition. The report follows an integrated reporting format, combining financial and non-financial information, and introduces our initiatives for creating medium- to long-term corporate value as we strengthen our efforts to achieve the SDGs*1 to put our ESG*2 management into action. 
Use of color, volume of text, text size and other factors were taken into consideration to create a more easily readable report. 
Reporting Media 
Our reporting via print and the web takes advantages of the characteristics of each medium. The print version narrows down the content to those items of significant importance and those of greatest interest to the public, presented in an easy-to-read and easy-to-understand format. The web version offers a more complete overview of our ESG initiatives. 
Readers 
This Report is mainly intended for our customers, suppliers, other business partners, shareholders and investors, affiliated companies and our employees. 
Report Period and Scope 
The Report covers activities conducted by the Aichi Steel Group during fiscal 2019 (April 2019 to March 2020). However, some activities conducted before or after fiscal 2019 are also explained where necessary. 
Important note about forecasts 
Website: Sustainability 
   
3 We will be a good corporate citizen, ever mindful of our environmental responsibilities. 
Philosophy System 
Aichi Steel Integrated Report (this report) 

Our Vision 
Mission 
A great society comes from great materials. 
Vision 2030 
Company of Choice Globally 
Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines 
Importance to Aichi Steel Group and stakeholders 
Reference Guidelines 
GRI Standards ISO 26000 (Corporate Social Responsibility) International Integrated Reporting Framework (published by IIRC) 
Information Available on Our Website 
For topics with the “Web” mark, please refer to our website for Website further details including figures. 
https://www.aichi-steel.co.jp/ENGLISH/csr/csr_report/index.html 

The financial results forecasts in this report are based on judgments and assumptions from currently available information. Actual business results may differ greatly from targets, in light of their inherent uncertainty and the potential of revision due to future business operation or changes to information inside or outside the company. 
   
Shareholders and Investors 
The Earth and Society 
Brand Slogan 
Suppliers 
*1 SDGs: Sustainable Development Goals *2 ESG: Environmental, social and governance 
CONTENTS 
Our Vision / Editorial Policy ................................................... 1 
Our History of Value Creation DNA of Aichi Steel .................................................................. 3 Aichi Steel Today ..................................................................... 5 Value Creation Model ............................................................ 7 
Message of Commitment from the President ........................ 9 
Vision 2030 

Declaration on Labor-Management Cooperation 
   
Customers 
Employees 
In March 2020, we created our brand slogan. This is our declaration to society that we intend to become a company that expands the possibilities of manufacturing by adding value to materials, as the starting point, to evolve them into products and systems. 
The orange dots in the logo symbolize our commitment to using materials to support the future. 
Brand website (Japanese only) 
Priority Issues ........................................................................................................ 19 
 
01 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 02 
Risks & Opportunities 
......................................................... 15 ........................................................................ 17 
E Priority Issue 1 
S Priority Issue 2 Priority Issue 3 
Priority Issue 4 
G Priority Issue 5 
Priority Issue 6 
Contribute to a sustainable global environment .............21 
Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe and comfortable to improve employee happiness................25 
Create a prosperous society through business reform and provide extremely competitive products ................ 27 
Hagane Company.................................................................. 29 Stainless Steel Company ..................................................... 31 Kitaeru Company.................................................................. 33 Smart Company....................................................................35 Strengthen Relationships with Local 
Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society .......... 37 Increase Compliance Awareness Globally, and Strengthen Corporate Sustainability .......................... 39 Establish a Solid Financial Foundation to Support 

Stable and Sustainable Growth .......................................... 45 Financial/Non-financial Highlights ........................................................................ 49 
Complete overview Selected topics 

Our History of Value Creation 
History DNA of Aichi Steel 
Aichi Steel Corporation was originally established as a steel making division at Toyoda Automatic Loom Works (currently Toyota Industries Corporation), and it began operating in 1940 as Toyota Steel Works. The history of Aichi Steel shows our efforts to contribute to society by carrying forward the spirit of our founder Kiichiro Toyoda and his belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.” 
Conventional product 
Developed 
          
History of the Business 
Developed steel for high-strength connecting rods to improve fuel efficiency for vehicles 
2016 
“Built integrated production system from raw materials to sensors Started production amorphous wire” 
2002 
Successfully developed and produced MI highly sensitive magnetic sensor elements 
2011 
Completed construction of 
No. 3 bloom continuous casting machine at Chita Plant 
2014 
Used stainless steel in the high-pressure hydrogen system of MIRAI fuel-cell vehicles 
2015 
product 
2017 
Started autonomous driving trials with autonomous driving support system using magnetic markers (GMPS) 
2018 
Completed construction of new production line at Gifu Plant for power card lead frames for EVs 

Net sales (Billion yen) 
250 
200 
150 
100 
50 
1934 
Established as the steelmaking division of Toyoda Automatic Loom Works 
1935 
First prototype, A1 passenger vehicle completed 
1940 
Changed to become a 
specialty steel manufacturer 
1943 
Started operations at Chita Plant 
1958 
Brought stainless steel rolled angle bars to market 
Net sales Operating profit 
1964 
Started operations at Forging Plant 
1982 
Developed world’s first composite steel making process 
1995 
Established Aichi Forge Philippines as first overseas forging base 
2001 
Developed SUSCOn® stainless steel bars for concrete reinforcement as a solution to weaknesses in steel bars 
2003 
Developed TetsuRiki Agri to promote photosynthesis in vegetation 
2010 
Developed Dy-free MAGFINE® magnetic powder containing no heavy rare earth metals 
Operating profit (Billion yen) 
20 
15 
10 
5 
                 
00 
Philosophy Evolution 
1940 
Five Main Principles of Toyoda established as management philosophy 
* Consolidated since 1995 * The standards for posting sales were changed in 1998 (the portion of sales from steel making base 
material are excluded from sales of steel products) 
2020 
(80th Anniversary) 
 
1985 
Our Vision established 
1998 
Action Guidelines established 
2018 
Aichi Way established 
2020 
Brand slogan created 
Looking forward to our 90th, 100th and other future anniversaries 
    
03 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 04 

1934− 
1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 
2030 

Our History of Value Creation 
At a glance Aichi Steel Today 
Manufacturing at Aichi Steel had its beginnings in specialty steel production. While carrying on this founding DNA, it has evolved into a wide range of businesses. Taking advantage of the technical capabilities we have cultivated, we are creating the products of choice for our customers. 
Segment Net sales (FY2019) 
Main products 
Developed technologies 
Market presence (FY2019) 
 
Hagane Company 
Based on our experience and technical capabilities in manufacturing specialty steels for over half a century, the Aichi Steel Group continues to evolve in pursuit of being number one in quality. 
82.8 
billion yen 
Carbon steels and alloys for machine structural use, steel with guaranteed hardenability for structural use, microalloyed steel, boron steel, spring steel, high carbon chrome bearing steel, etc. 
● Development capabilities that have evolved with the accumulation of years of experience since foundation 
● High quality that contributes to automobile safety, refined through the belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.” 
Hot-rolled steel bars (alloys for structural use) Share of Ja1panese production 
No. 
(25%) 
 
Stainless Steel Company 
As the leading manufacturer of stainless steel shapes in Japan, the Aichi Steel Group meets the various needs of the customers through large variety and small quantity production of over 4,000 products of different shapes and types. 
39.0 
billion yen 
Stainless steel shapes, round bars, deformed bars and titanium bars, and engineering of stainless steel construction 
● Hot-rolling technologies of various shapes and dimensions accumulated over the years since producing Japan’s first hot-rolled stainless steel angle bar in 1958 
● Stainless steel building structure engineering technologies, including design partnership, plant production, and one site construction 
Stainless steel shapes and flat steel Share of Ja1panese production 
No. 
(70%) 
 
Kitaeru Company 
Leveraging the strengths of integrated forging with steel making process, which enables in-house production of everything from steel material to forged products, the Aichi Steel Group is producing high value-added components that contribute to lighter, higher-performance automobiles. 
102.0 
billion yen 
Hot-cold-forged products and machined products (engine, chassis and drivetrain components, etc.) 
● Ability to offer solutions using high quality products that leverage the strengths of integrated forging with steel making processes 
● World-class forging technologies that create highly functional, highly accurate products 
Production volume in Japan as a single forging plant 
No. 1(No. 3 globally) 

 
Smart Company 
The Aichi Steel Group is creating new businesses across five fields, from electronic components, magnets, dentistry and sensors, to iron fertilizers developed through knowledge of specialty steel manufacturing. 
14.8 
billion yen 
Electronic materials and components, anisotropic Nd-Fe-B bonded magnets (MAGFINE®), dental magnetic attachments, ultra-compact ultra-sensitive magnetic sensors (MI Sensors), iron fertilizers, etc. 
● Practical ability to expand the possibilities of a smart society through new products that leverage steel making technologies 
● Unique technical capabilities able to contribute to a diverse range of customers 
Anisotropic Nd-Fe-B bonded magnets 1 Share of global production No. 
Lead frames for EVs Share of Japanese 1 production No. 
 
(40%) 
  
 
05 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 06 
Company Profile 
Establishment: March 8, 1940 Capital: 25,016 million yen (as of March 31, 2020) Representative: Takahiro Fujioka, President Employees: 4,912 (Consolidated) 
Business Description: Production and sale of specialty steel products, forgings and electromagnetic products 
Head Office: Tokai City, Aichi Pref., Japan Sales Offices: Tokyo / Osaka / Fukuoka Overseas offices: Shanghai / Silicon Valley Plants: Chita / Kariya / Forging / Higashiura / Gifu / Seki / Electronic Components 
2,687 (Non-consolidated) (as of March 31, 2020) 

Our History of Value Creation Value Creation 
Value Creation Model 
Even as our environment undergoes drastic changes, we will address social challenges through our business activities and achieve steady growth, supported by the spirit of our founder and his belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.” Aichi Steel employees, who all share the Aichi Way mindset, will continue to provide value to society with the belief that “A great society comes from great materials.” by leveraging the strengths of materials developed since foundation in each of our business domains. 
About the Sustainable Development Goals 
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) were adopted at a United Nations summit in September 2015 as a number of goals for creating a sustainable world. The global community is working together to achieve the goals. Aichi Steel is also committed to the achievement of the SDGs through its businesses. 

Identity 
Roots/DNA of Aichi Steel 
	▪	Established to manufacture the specialty steels required for automobiles  
	▪	Toyota Group’s only materials manufacturer, supporting the basic performance of automobiles  Mission  At foundation:  “Great cars are made with great steel.”  Now:  “A great society comes from great materials.”  Changes in society and the environment  
Strengths 
Systems and people 
■ Business organization comprising Companies and a Corporate office 
■ HR diversity and HR development systems to support sustainable growth 
Development and manufacturing capabilities 
■ Material development capabilities handed down since foundation 
■ Magnet and sensor technologies derived from steel manufacturing 
■ High quality, stable manufacturing capabilities developed by the Toyota Group 
Networks and cooperation 
■ Global production and sales sites ■ Robust supply chains ■ Future-focused business and technical 
collaborations 
Financial foundation 
■ Healthy and robust financial foundation ■ Varied financing channels ■ Cash flows with highly efficient capital 
Business 
Value for Society 
Maintaining human and global health 
	▪	CO2 reductions through high strength, high performance materials for lightweighting vehicles  
	▪	CO2 reductions through waste heat recovery and heat storage units  
	▪	Soil improvement and greening through iron fertilizers  
	▪	Safer and more secure healthcare provision through medical equipment using sensing technologies  
	▪	Food safety through detection of foreign matter in food  
	▪	Safe and secure workplaces and richer work lives  Supporting safe, secure and  convenient mobility 
	▪	Accident reductions and help for mobility-impaired people through autonomous driving support  
	▪	High strength, high performance materials to support vehicle running, turning and stopping  
	▪	Highly functional components for EVs and FCVs  Creating an exciting future  

Existing businesses 
Hagane Company 
Specialty Steel 
Stainless Steel Company 
Stainless Steel / Titanium 
Kitaeru Company 
Forged products 
Smart Company 
Electro-magnetic products 
          
Expanded value through creativity and further leveraging of existing strengths 
Laying the foundation for new businesses 
 
    
Electronic 
functional components 
HVs, EVs, FCVs 
Battery materials 
EVs 
Motors and magnets 
EVs 
GMPS (Global Magnetic Positioning System) 
Autonomous driving 
Ultra high sensitive sensors 
Sensing and medical 
Environment and energy materials 
Heat storage material developed by Aichi Steel 
Heat storage systems 
Iron fertilizers 
Agriculture and biotechnology 
         
    
New value focused on social changes and needs 

■ ■ 
■ 
■ ■ 
Global warming and air pollution Urbanization and aging populations Information technologies and intelligent technologies 
Changes in automobiles Automation and driverless technologies 
Business foundation that supports steady growth 
● 
● ● ● 
ESG management (Environmental, Social and Governance) 
Risk management and compliance Prioritization (safety, quality, production, costs) Employee contentedness and growth 
■ ■ 
Creating clean and safe cities through superior design and maintenance-free stainless steel Developing materials that make our dreams come true 
(Aerospace, oceanic and underground development etc.) 
         
07 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 08 

Message of Commitment from the President 

Aichi Steel and the COVID-19 Pandemic 
Message of Commitment from the President 
Contributing to Sustainable Earth 
and Society 
Through Vision 2030 
President 
Takahiro Fujioka 
What We Should Do to Transform the Industry 
Due to the spread of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19), and an economic slowdown in China caused by trade friction between the U.S. and China, Aichi Steel production dropped during FY2019 in an environment of rapidly deteriorating demand in the global economy. Nevertheless, the falling price of raw materials and efforts to improve profits by managing with Genryou Management (managing with limited order quantity), which we have been encouraging company-wide since last year, have yielded results and while experiencing a slight drop in revenues, our profits have increased. 
The impact of COVID-19 on our business was only minor in FY2019, but with production during the first quarter of FY2020 falling below the break-even point, the situation has become extremely difficult. 
To overcome this crisis, we have adopted the policies of (1) Ensuring safety and quality, (2) Protecting the health of employees and ensuring no one gets infected, (3) Ensuring customer production never stops, and (4) Containing the impact on profits to a minimum across the whole company. We have also worked to achieve continuous and 
optimal operations by reviewing our operating systems and adjusting production. 
To stop the spread of COVID-19, we leveraged our crisis management capabilities, built on our experience including the January 8, 2016 accident and natural disasters, to launch an Emergency Control Headquarters and quickly implement appropriate measures. We were also proactive in adopting working from home and staggered work hours for our employees. As a result of this disaster, we have had the opportunity to identify challenges with flexible workstyles and explore future directions, and we have had considerable help in driving workstyle reform. 
On the other hand, I think our second quarter will be a turning point for us. With customer production gradually recovering, this next phase will see increased production. We will beat this COVID-19 pandemic by building flexible production systems and accelerating workstyle reform. And in the new normal of a post-COVID world, we will continue contributing to the future by adapting appropriately to the new environment. 
Our response to CASE 
Right now, the automotive industry is experiencing a major once-in-a-century transformation. As CASE (Connected, Autonomous, Shared & Services, and Electric) technologies accelerate and automakers reinvent themselves as “mobility companies,” providing all kinds of mobility-related services, we also have to change to be able to provide high value-added components and systems. We consider autonomous driving and vehicle electrification in particular to be areas in which we can make 
contributions. For autonomous driving, we have developed systems for commercializing our GMPS (Global Magnetic Positioning System), an autonomous driving support system that uses magnetic markers that we are developing for practical use. For electrification, we are focusing on developing electronic components and forged products for EVs, and new products for EV motors. 
                   
GMPS autonomous driving support system 
MI Sensors (ultra high sensitive magnetic sensors) used for the GMPS 
Electronic components 
Magnet rotor with high strength gear 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 10 

09 

Message of Commitment from the President Efforts to strengthen 
our business foundation 
The electrification of vehicles will certainly result in reduced demand for our specialty steels in the future. For this reason, the company as a whole has started efforts to manage with Genryou Management starting last year as part of activities to strengthen our business foundation. Our Companies have been focused on lowering the break-even point, and consolidating equipment to build lean production systems that are always profitable due to our “volume-matched costs” approach, and as a result we have seen a great improvement. When the results of your efforts start to become visible like this, it really boosts motivation among employees. 
We are also actively working to strengthen connected earnings capacity on a global basis. Starting with our investment in, and technical support of, India’s Vardhman Special Steels Limited in August 2019, we are building the foundations for future steel supplies within India and to the ASEAN region. 
We are also actively driving organizational reform. We introduced our in-house company 
What We Had to Do as We Celebrated Our 80th Anniversary 
Four pillars raised during our 80th year 
Aichi Steel celebrated its 80th anniversary in 2020. To all our stakeholders, I offer you my sincerest thanks. 
Since I became president in 2011, I have worked to make Aichi Steel the Company of Choice Globally by strengthening the framework of the company. In 2020, as we celebrate our 80th anniversary, we have raised four important pillars as guidelines toward our vision for the Aichi Steel Group. 
The first of those pillars is the Aichi Way, which we established in 2018. This is an employee- directed initiative that acts as a code of conduct and spiritual anchor for our employees to all share the common values with the same mind. This was 
system in 2017 to improve the speed of decision-making in the CASE era. In April 2020, we also added the Stainless Steel Company to the system, as a spin-off of the stainless steel business from the Hagane Company, to become a new pillar of our business. We did this in response to the infrastructure crisis and hydrogen society expected in the future and in anticipation of increasing expectations and demands from society for stainless steel. We also split our Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters into a Research and Development Headquarters and a Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters to increase the speed of commercialization for development projects and to strengthen the business foundation for our manufacturing functions. 
To further accelerate executive decision-making by management, we have also consolidated the roles of Managing Executive Officer and Senior Managing Executive Officer into a single Managing Executive Officer role. We are enhancing governance as well, with the adoption of incentives to encourage the creation of sustainable corporate value and a restricted stock compensation plan to provide even greater value to shareholders. 
2020 as an outward-facing initiative to demonstrate the identity and vision of Aichi Steel. This is our declaration to society that we will become a company that expands the possibilities of manufacturing by evolving materials, as the starting point, into components and systems. Created by a project team of employees as a bottom-up initiative, the final wording was chosen through a company-wide vote. The orange dots in the logo symbolize Aichi Steel’s commitment to supporting manufacturing and future society from the center of each. In addition to being our message to others outside the company, the brand slogan will also become a unifying force within the company. 
Our third pillar is the Declaration on Labor- Management Cooperation that we signed as a declaration of cooperation between unions and the 
Brand slogan 
Approach to creating Vision 2030 
Including the above, we have been developing various systems and implementing various reforms. At one point, we felt we had to have a vision that would define future directions for the company and align all our employees. We cannot survive in the middle of a rapidly changing environment by just producing the same yearly plans that we have produced in past years. We needed a long-term vision that could act as a light; one that could be incorporated into our medium-term and annual management plans. That was when we established Vision 2030. We felt that with that vision, we could make every investment with the same unwavering focus. 
It is not easy to look 10 years ahead in the middle of a period of turbulence. However, we decided to think together about what kind of company we would like to become by 2030, even if it turns out to be wrong. Our Companies and Headquarters therefore came together to create a vision. 
Part of that vision is the Company of Choice Globally concept that I have been advocating since 
company to tackle difficulties together. There are three promises that we make: to create a prosperous society; to develop talent through manufacturing; and to ensure employee happiness and company growth. In the midst of this major transition, we will work to create a happy company, with “people” as our top priority, with mutual trust between those people supporting our company, and with workers and management heading in the same direction. 
Finally, the fourth of our pillars is Vision 2030, which we established this year. 
Declaration on Labor-Management Cooperation signing ceremony 
becoming president, and a basic policy to enhance earnings capacity by reforming business and manufacturing while putting ESG management into practice. We will ensure regulatory compliance, safety, quality, and stable supplies (in that order), and continue managing with Genryou Management in line with the Toyota Production System (TPS), to flexibly and smoothly respond, and improve profitability, even in a dramatically changing business environment. While ESG management is an initiative that we have been implementing for a while, the ESG perspective is becoming more and more important globally. We will therefore further enhance this initiative to remain a valued and sustainable company. 
In addition, to put our ESG management into action, we also believe the SDGs are important goals to actively focus on in order to contribute to a sustainable Earth and society as a member of the global community. In formulating Vision 2030, we have shown the relationships between each of our measures and the SDGs so that every employee can be aware of how they can contribute to and address global challenges. 
           
one of my ideas, which our officers formulated through discussions and research into the history of our company to embody the three concepts of Sustain, Appreciate, and Create that are so important to us. 
The second pillar is our brand slogan, “Innovate Materials. Create Tomorrow.” established in March 
  
11 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 12 

Message of Commitment from the President Vision 2030: three management guidelines 
There are three management guidelines that we will follow: Contribution to a sustainable global environment; Creation of a prosperous society through business reform; and Employee happiness and corporate development. 
The most important factors for implementing Vision 2030 are a sense of ownership and a change of the mindset for every employee. The vision will be meaningless if there is a miscommunication between management and employees because management’s 
approach was not properly communicated. For this reason, every Company President needs to communicate this vision in his own words to enable each and every employee to understand, and then work together to put it into practice. 
 
(1) Contribution to a sustainable global environment 
As per the “challenge towards zero-carbon steel” being pursued by the Japan Iron and Steel Federation, we believe it is our obligation to reduce CO2 emissions in the iron and steel industry, so we are implementing a range of initiatives to contribute toward a low-carbon society. Specifically, we will further reduce CO2 emissions through initiatives including improving energy 
(2) Creation of a prosperous society through business reform 
In addition to reforming existing businesses, we will improve profitability by quickly moving new businesses to a commercial standing. As we break away from our history as a material manufacturer, we will add further value to our products as we focus on transforming from a materials manufacturer into a components manufacturer. For example, we will combine material development with forging technologies to supply the components required for electric cars—but as components that are almost finished products—so that we can reduce costs and shorten the processes for 
Directions for future businesses 
2020 Vision 2030 (3) Employee happiness and corporate 
development 
We believe that mutual growth is possible if we link targets for personal growth with targets for the company, so we are driving initiatives that can increase engagement with employees. The main prerequisite for this is ensuring the safety and security of our employees. Therefore, we will create a culture of mutual awareness to develop places, people, and systems that can remain accident-free. In addition, we will continue developing environments where we can support diversity in order to further evolve as an organization that recognizes and utilizes the individuality and 
efficiency through 4S Re-Engineering, finally achieving industry-first exhaust heat recovery systems, and heat storage systems undergoing the world’s first in-plant trials. At the same time, we will further improve recycling technologies toward a zero-emission future to fulfill our environmental responsibilities as a company. 
We will also contribute to maintaining biodiversity through the “Forestation to create a forest for beetles” initiative that we have been implementing since 2012. 
customers. We have also manufactured a prototype of a high-speed motor, packed with Aichi Steel technologies, that brings together magnets, high strength materials and gears into a single motor unit for EVs. As we drive such practical applications, we will continue to create new value that exceeds our customers’ expectations. 
We plan to commercialize new businesses with a global focus, including our GMPS autonomous driving support system using magnetic markers and iron fertilizers that are expected to help improve soils, as well as amorphous wire products for use in medical and security fields, to help address global challenges. 
2030 2040 
strengths of all employees. To improve individual productivity, we have also 
expanded education at Aichi Steel to enable everyone to understand the “Jikotei Kanketsu” (defect-free process completion) approach and problem-solving methods. This year, I have also been involved directly as an instructor to focus on developing human resources. 
We are creating workplaces that are more comfortable for our employees through a series of tangible initiatives, which will include rest facilities, bathhouses, and parking lots at our production sites, in addition to the already completed administration building and Ai-terrace recreation hall. 
       
Consolidated operating profits 
Extending the DNA of materials into various fields and applications 
▶ Continuing to make broad contributions to society and growing steadily 
Existing businesses 
Creativity applied to existing businesses 
New businesses 
    
Vision for Aichi Steel on Our 90th, 100th and 
Other Future Anniversaries 
These days, in addition to improving profitability, companies must also contribute to a sustainable Earth and society on a global scale. The SDGs have become a common language globally for use in evaluating those efforts. By contributing to the achievement of the SDGs through the realization of our Vision 2030, we will be able to continue providing new value to society through our belief that “A great society comes from great materials.” which has evolved from our founder’s belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.” 
While celebrating our 80th anniversary this year, I feel that we have also laid the foundations for our 90th anniversary in 2030 and our 100th anniversary after that. In this first year of our major transition into a stronger, more powerful company, I am confident 
that, in line with the Aichi Way, our brand slogan and the Declaration on Labor-Management Cooperation and with the mindset and purpose of our predecessors, our commitment to Vision 2030 will help increase corporate value for Aichi Steel. 
In 20 years’ time, when we reach our 100th anniversary, I want Aichi Steel to still be a company of happy, smiling employees. To achieve this goal, survive this major transition, and achieve steady growth, we will all work together with one mind and with one force to improve our manufacturing capabilities and implement ESG management. 
The Aichi Steel Group is looking forward to a great future. 
        
13 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 14 

Risks & Opportunities Risks & Opportunities 
As the social environment continues to change at a hectic pace, new challenges are appearing that we must address. We have clarified a future vision for Aichi Steel by accurately understanding risks, as well as opportunities for value creation, related to those challenges and reflecting them in our Vision 2030. 
Going forward, we will respond flexibly to changes in our environment and accelerate initiatives for addressing social challenges and achieving sustainable growth. 
    
Environmental Analysis 
Category 
Risks and Opportunities 
Measures (Current) 
  
Changes in the global environment 
 
● Global warming ● Biodiversity 
		●  Adoption of carbon pricing systems  
		●  Response to society’s requests to reduce CO2 emissions  
● Development and adoption of technologies to reduce CO2 emissions 
● Improvement of energy efficiencies and promotion of energy-saving activities 
Equipment able to reduce CO2 emissions 
Heat recycling using a heat storage system 
 
   
  
Changes in existing market environments 
● Development of materials and products that can help with updating of social infrastructure 
● Improved competitiveness of integrated forging with steel making processes 
 
		●  Social infrastructure lifespan  
		●  Iron and steel demand trends  
● Rebuilding of social infrastructure 
● Growth of overseas manufacturers and structural reform of iron and steel companies 
LNG tank (photo credit: Toho Gas Co., Ltd.) 
 
Differential ring gear 
CVT shaft 
Formulation of the Vision 2030 
Company of Choice Globally 
In light of these changes, we have clarified our vision for the next 10 years. 
  
 
Arrival of the smart society 
● Expansion of the EV market (expansion of demand for materials and components for EVs) 
● Reduction in use of specialty steels due to electrification of vehicles 
● Expansion of markets for new technologies and materials 
● Operational reform through use of IT 
● Development of materials and components for EVs and FCVs 
● Expansion of business into new fields 
● Improvement of productivity through adoption of IT technologies 

● CASE (automobile structural changes, autonomous driving) 
● IT/AI 
Electronic components for EVs 
◀ MI sensor 
   
Magnetic marker ▶ 
    
   
Changes in society and the environment 
		●  Aging and diversity  
		●  Safety and health  
		●  Spread of new infectious  diseases  
● Enhancement of diversity ● Development of work 
environments 
● Health promotion activities 
● Building of flexible production systems and promotion of diverse workstyles (remote working) 

● Dwindling workforce due to declining birthrates 
● Driving workstyle reform 
● Impacts of pandemic on business (declining demand, inability to operate) 
New Ai-terrace recreation hall 
Selected under the Health & Productivity Stock Selection Program 
 
15 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 16 

Vision 2030 
Vision 2030 
Company of Choice Globally 
Vision 2030 clarifies what we want to achieve over the coming 10 years, and it presents a basic policy to 
enhance earnings capacity by reforming business and manufacturing while putting ESG management into practice. Through efforts to achieve this vision and create a sustainable Earth and society, we will contribute to the Earth, society and people, and the SDGs, and remain a valued and sustainable company. 
Three management guidelines for 2030 
      
C 
s 
Co 
s 
al tt 
e 
su 
e 
1 2 3 
v 
Fulfill environmental responsibilities 
・Eliminate landfill waste, pollutants, and other substances of environmental concern 
・Work towards 100% automobile recycling Contribute to a low-carbon society 
・Achieve the industry's highest energy efficiency ・Contribution of the steel industry to the prevention of global warming 
through technology to use exhaust heat and renewable energy 
Harmony with nature 
・Undertake CSR activities to protect biodiversity starting with regional activities 
t 
en 
on 
u 
s 
s 
nv 
n 
t 
i 
t 
t 
ta 
r 
r 
ai 
ir 
ro 
i 
o 
i 
i 
b 
b 
n 
na 
n 
n 
u 
u 
a 
t 
ti 
b 
b 
m 
me 
i 
l 
o 
on 
le 
e 
g 
en 
nt 
nt 
g 
t 
l 
o 
o 
a 
pr 
y ya 
lo 
o 
b 
b 
aC 
a aE 
a 
t 
rm md 
1 
2 3 
lp 
t 
an 
C 
h 
r 
re 
r 
hr 
ea 
o 
o 
ro 
at 
s 
s 
ou 
t 
p 
u 
i 
io 
pe 
g 
g 
o 
er 
h 
n 
n 
o 
r 
o 
o 
hb 
of 
u 
us 
bu 
f 
Em 
ss 
us 
si 
s 
i 
o 
o 
n 
ne 
c 
c 
es 
i 
i 
s 
e 
e 
s 
s 
r 
t 
re 
ef 
f 
o 
or 
e 
mp 
n 
de 
e 
v 
pl 
d 
dc 
ve 
lo 
oy 
co 
l 
lo 
o 
ye 
or 
e 
rp 
p 
p 
e 
eh 
po 
o 
m 
m 
ha 
r 
ra 
e 
e 
ap 
at 
n 
n 
t 
t 
pp 
e 
pi 
in 
n 
e 
es 
s 
s 
    
1 Reform existing business 
・Develop materials and parts that respond to the electrification of automobiles 
・Provide products that are useful to updating social infrastructure 
2 Develop business in new (smart) fields ・Healthcare field: Contribute to healthcare technologies that 
mitigate physical burdens ・Agricultural field: Development products that contribute to 
increased crop yields worldwide ・Transportation field: Provide systems that can drive 
autonomously even under poor conditions 
3 Shift from manufacturing to building value-added service systems 
・Streamline processes based on TPS ・Create innovations in quality assurance, R&D and engineering 
Safe and reassuring work environments 
・Transform worksites, personnel, and structures to continue eliminating accidents 
・Create an open culture where all employees can work with vitality Enhance work life 
・Create structures where the company and individuals share objectives and targets and can each grow (Engagement) 
Produce autonomous human resources 
・Dramatically raise staff productivity and implement Jikotei Kanketsu ・Create workplaces that increase individuality and foster diversity 
Refer to Priority Issue 3 on p. 27–36 for details. 
Smart Company 
Providing safety and security to people around the world through materials and technologies 
            
Company Visions 
Hagane Company 
Becoming the leading manufacturer of specialty steels to contribute to the development of a mobility society 
Stainless Steel Company 
Kitaeru Company 
technology 
       
Important tasks for reform with a focus on Corporate Office functions 
Contributing to creating a sustainable society through stainless steels and engineering 
Evolving from a hot-forged product manufacturer into a components and finished product manufacturer 
         
17 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 18 
Safety 
Safety management, development of safe personnel, fundamentally safe designs 
Quality 
Reform manufacturing based on quality through ongoing improvement of QMS 
Sales 
Shift from sales of materials to sales of components and finished products and continuously create new business models 
Environment 
Create a roadmap for achieving zero CO2 emissions in 2100 and zero landfill waste 
R&D 
Dramatically increase the speed of R&D and create innovation 
Engineering 
Become an organization of comprehensive worksite improvement professionals using TPS, TPM, safety, karakuri, and so on 
IT 
Achieve consistency of data using cutting-edge IT 
Work styles 
Create workplaces where all employees feel that they are performing meaningful work for the company 
Integrated forging with steel making processes 
Integrated manufacturing from steel materials to forging and parts processing (R&D, designs, and technologies) 

Materiality Priority Issues (Reconfigured to incorporate Vision 2030) 
In 2016, we identified a number of issues to address through our business activities, which we refer to as the “Priority issues (Materiality) for the Aichi Steel Group,” and we have continued working on those issues since then. To actively drive ESG management in response to changes in the social environment, we have reconfigured those previous priority issues to incorporate Vision 2030. In line with the expanded priority issues, we will work to further enhance our efforts and address these social issues on a global scale. 
Reconfigured priority issues ★ Items enhanced due to Vision 2030 
   
1 Priority issues Contribute to a 
sustainable global environment 
Components 
★ Environmental responsibility ★ CO2 emission reductions ★ Harmony with nature 
Key performance indicators (KPIs) 
Volume of direct and indirect landfill waste 
Breakdown of energy use (CO2 emissions) 
Status of efforts to preserve biodiversity (number of Nakashinden indicator species, number of volunteer activities, etc.) 
Applicable section 
p. 50 
         
E 
Environmental 
( 
( 
Volume of direct and indirect landfill waste 
 
p. 23, p. 50 
(Total CO2 emissions) 
p. 24 
(Harmony with nature) 
  
Previous priority issues 
1 Increase compliance awareness globally, and 
strengthen corporate sustainability 
Vision 2030 
Company of Choice Globally 
2 Encourage the creation of 
workplaces that are safe and comfortable to improve employee happiness 
★ Safe and reassuring work environments 
★ Work-life balance enhancement ★Autonomous human resources production 
   

Status of facilities improvements based on safety evaluations, status of safety measures and efforts to strengthen safety awareness, and frequency of lost time accidents 
Assistance and programs for supporting diverse work styles, and their status of use 
Status of efforts to improve employee productivity 
  
p. 26 
Frequency rate and number of lost time accidents 
(( 
p. 25 
(Initiatives toward diversity) 
p. 26 
(Human resources development) 

Contribution to a sustainable global environment 
3 Create a prosperous 
society through business reform and provide extremely competitive products 
★ Existing business reform ★Development of business in new fields 
★ Shift from manufacturing to building value-added service systems 
Quality-improvement initiatives 
    

Initiative status and growth strategies of each Company 
Status of quality improvement efforts (number of recognitions received and description) 
Sales staff training, quality improvement activities (number of times held, number of participants, etc.) 
Gathering of customer evaluations (number collected and percentage of improvements, resolutions, etc.) 
   
p. 27–36 
Website 
(Awards for Group companies) 
Website 
(Training programs for sales staff) 
Website 
(Collection of customer evaluations) 

Social and actively 
 
Creation of a prosperous society through business reform 

2 Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe 
and comfortable for all employees 

3 Provide highly competitive products that are safe and secure and offer new value globally 
4 
Strengthen relationships with local communities, 
Presence in the local community 
Local communities 
Compliance (environment) Compliance (society) 
Compliance (product responsibility) Governance system 
Financial performance 
Status of social contribution activities selected under in-house criteria (number of participants; clear compilation standards based on fixed-point observation) 
Status of local community development programs (plans and achievements against those plans) 
Results of environmental management system audit 
Status of various efforts to strengthen compliance (number of lectures and internal audits; held as a percentage of those planned) 
Certification and review by a third-party organization 
Profitability (operating profit, ROE, etc.) 
Soundness, capital efficiency (Net worth, capital equity ratio, etc.) 
p. 37, p. 50 
(Annual number of volunteers) 
p. 38 
(Interaction with the local community) 
Website 
(Environmental audit results) 
p. 40 
(Compliance promotion activities) 
Website 
(Third-party certifications) 
p. 45–48 
(Financial information for fiscal 2019) 
                
4 Strengthen relationships with local communities, 
and actively contribute to society 
   
Governance 
Financial 
5 6 
contribute to society 
Increase compliance awareness globally, and strengthen corporate sustainability 
Establish a solid financial foundation to support stable and sustainable growth 
 
5 Strengthen initiatives toward manufacturing in harmony with the global 
environment 
Employee happiness and corporate development 

G 
Governance 
   
F 
Financial 
       
6 Establish a solid financial foundation to support 
stable and sustainable growth 
     
19 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 20 


Materiality ■ Priority Issue 1 Contribute to a sustainable global 
Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan 
We formulated the Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan, a statement of policies and plans for environmental actions from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2020. The plan adopts three core themes for the direction of our environmental action based on environmental management: “building a low-carbon society,” “building a resource-recycling society” and “achieving harmony with nature.” By reinforcing management from a global perspective that extends to consolidated subsidiaries, we are contributing, as a sustainable company, to society and the global environment. 
EnviEronmental Prio1rity Issue 
environment 
The Aichi Steel Group has established medium- to long-term targets around three environmental issues—“building a low-carbon society,” “building a resource-recycling society” and “achieving harmony with nature”—and is working to achieve those targets. Through these efforts, we are achieving efficient use of energy and resources and, through harmony between the global environment and manufacturing and by providing products and services with low environmental impact, we are contributing to a sustainable global environment. 
SDGs relevance 
Building a low-carbon society 
Building a Harmony resource with recycling nature 

■ FY2019 Action Items and Results 
442.6 438.6 Target: 441.8 
18 19 
kg-CO2/t 470 
460 450 440 430 
459.3 
15 
459.3 
449.6 
society Environment 
Management 
442.2 
 
Theme 
Action item 
Target 
Major efforts 
420 
16 Result1s7 
Evaluation 
kg-CO2/t 
470 
 
Environmental activity promotion system 
We formulated the “Environmental Action Plan” in June 1993, and the “Aichi Steel Environmental Charter” in June 1996. In order to achieve our goals, we are actively rolling out new initiatives. In light of the increasing global trend to ban, restrict, and control certain chemical substances contained in products, we revised the “Aichi Steel Environmental Charter” and management system in February 2017 to strengthen our management of chemical substances. 
Environmental guidelines 
In order to promote environmental management activities, we have drawn up a set of Environmental Management Regulations. Its content can be broadly divided into four parts: 1) Items related to promoting environmental management; 2) Items related to compliance with and management of environmental regulations (laws, ordinances, agreements, 
■ Environment management promotion organization Environmental Conservation 
In order to promote these revisions, we have established a new organizational system. The Environmental Working Group now oversees four subcommittees, the Global Warming Prevention Committee, the Aichi Steel Group Environmental Committee, and promotes a variety of activities aimed at environmental conservation. In addition, we are currently working to ensure that all consolidated subsidiaries that operate production sites are ISO 14001-certified. 
etc.) such as the Basic Environment Law; 3) Items related to the advance evaluation of the environmental impact of our products, raw materials, sub-materials, and facilities; 4) Items related to supporting and cooperating with societal and local environmental conservation activities. 
   
1. Undertake development of eco-products and technologies 
— 
• Development of products that reduce the environmental impact 
• Eva46lu0ating strength of steel for high strength 449.6 
differential gears in progress 
450 • Started mass production of stainless steel f4o4r2n.6ext- 
generation high-pressure hydrogen applications 
440 
442.2 Target: 441.8 • Achieved compliance with Low-ca4rb38o.6n Society Plan 
kg-C4O202/t 470 
 
2. Reduce CO2 emissions through innovative improvements in energy efficiency 
Compliance with Japan Iron and Steel Federation’s Low-carbon Society Plan (Phase 1) 
• Planning and implementing CO2 reduction activities at each plant 
• Promoting energy savings in production On-site inspections to improve energy efficiency through joint patrols between each site and EMS*1 top management 
430 
(Phase 1) 
✔ 
      
3. Thorough implementation of energy saving activities in production 
459.3 
kg-CO2/t 10.0 
460 
449.6 
450 
442.6 438.6 Target: 441.8 
Target: 8.3 
9.5 
440 493.0 482.05 
442.2 
8.0 
15 16 17 18 19 

× (Note) 

15 16 17 18 19 
7.9 
       
4. Seek better transportation efficiency in logistics 
13% reduction of emission volume per transportation unit from the 2006 level 
• Streamlining routes • Modal shift*2 • Improve loading rates 
Consolidation and shipment of cargo by destination vehicle Review of the number of scheduled routes to suite cargo volume 
kg-CO2/t 
7.5 10.0 06 
15 16 17 
15 16 17 
18 19 
Target: 8.3 
7.9 
18 19 

9.5 
9.0 
8.5 
8.0 

kg-CO2/t 
7.5 

10.0 06 
9.5 
kg/crude steel t 2390.0 
Target: 220 
✔ 
  
5. Reduce by-products during production and continue to utilize resources effectively 
220 kg/t or less emission volume per crude steel unit 
• Internal reuse of dust from electric furnaces • Internal recycling of electric furnace refractories • External recycling of waste acid and sludge • External recycling of cleaned sludge 

220 
Target: 8.3 
8.5 
212 
210 
7.9 
✔ 

8.0 201 200 
204 
212 
 
6. Promote projects that benefit resource-recycling corporations 
— 
• AS Shot®*3 technology PR and promotion 
187 
7.5 19006 1516171819 
180 
230 15 16 17 18 19 Target: 220 
kg/crude steel t 170 
✔ 
   
7. Reduce and effectively use packaging materials in logistics operations 
— 
— 
• Monitor for new packaging 
• No22n0e found 
210 
212 
201 
204 
212 
200 • Managed water v1o8l7ume use at Forging Plant and 
G1i9fu0 Plant 
• M2a3i0ntained biodiversity-model green spaces 
15 16 17 18 19 
• Enhanced PR of activities to achieve harmony with 
210 
220 nature 212 
Target: 220 
✔ 
  
8. Reduce water use in production activities 

9. Promote activities for preservation of nature and biodiversity 
— 
• Continue managing water use 
 
• Promotion of “connected” initiatives 
• Expanding network of groups making efforts to kga/1c7hr0uideevsetehelatrmony with nature 
180 
✔ 
✔ 
10. Promote activities for zero abnormalities and complaints 
Abnormalities/ complaints: 0/year 
• Implement strict management to achieve 80% or below of regulation values set by environment-related laws 
• Promote prevention activities 
201 204 • Ongoing measures to prevent environmenta2l1n2ear 
187 
200 
misses 
190 180 
✔ 
       
11. Enhance consolidated environmental management 
— 
• On-site inspections of domestic subsidiaries at “Aichi Steel Group Environmental Study Group” 
• Environmental audits of domestic subsidiaries by the General Manager of the Safety & Environmental Division 
• Enhance chemical substance management system 
• Ongoing “Aichi Steel Group Environmental Study 
170 Group” w15ith dom1e6stic sub1s7idiaries 18 19 
• Ongoing environmental audits • Established regulations for managing chemical 
substances in products 
✔ 
  
12. Reduce emissions to contribute to improvement of urban air quality in each country and region 
— 
• Monitor the adoption of low-emission vehicles 
• Continue monitoring activities 
✔ 
  
13. Promote environmental activities in coordination with business partners 

14. Further reinforce global employee environmental education and awareness activities 
— 
• Obtain information on product chemical substances 
• Trial environmental risk prediction training tools 
• Obtain information on product chemical substances from contract processors 
✔ 
   
15. Ensure active disclosure of environmental information and enhanced communication activities 
— 
— 
• Continuous publication of environmental reports and enhancement of content 
• Enhancing environmental communication activities 
• Expanded tool use (partial expansion in Japan and overseas) 
• Factory tours to demonstrate how we cope with environmental requirements 
• Permanent product displays at administration building Visitor Center 
• Ongoing exchanges with local communities: the area around Head Office, and the Kariya district 
✔ 

✔ 
    
Environmental Working Group (Meets twice/year) 
(Chair: President) 
Subcommittee 
Resource Recycling Subcommittee 
Product and Environment Subcommittee 
Awareness and Publicity Subcommittee 
Global Warming Prevention committee (Meets twice/year) 
(Chair: Director in charge of Safety and Environmental Division) Energy-Saving Production Subcommittee 
Process Energy Reforming Subcommittee 
Logistics Energy Conservation Subcommittee 
Eco Life Subcommittee 
Aichi Steel Group Environmental Committee 
Administrative office ・ Safety & Environmental Div. Environmental Management 
Group ・ Individual sites 
Environmental ISO Review Committee (Meets twice/year) 
(Chair: Director in charge of Safety & Environmental Div.) 
Chita Site 
Kariya Site 
Forging Site 
Seki Site 
Electronic Components Site 
Gifu Site 
Other relevant sites 
Site environmental meeting (Chair: Head of each site) 
                  
21 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 22 
Environmental management 
Website 
Note. Incomplete action items will be addressed through new equipment upgrades and adoption of operational improvements. *1 Environment Management System *2 Changing truck transport to rail and sea transport with low-environmental impacts *3 Recycled abrasives made from by-products of the steel making process 
Environmental management 
Harmony with nature 
Building a resource-recycling society 
Building a low-carbon society 
Three Core Themes 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 1 
 
Initiatives for building a low-carbon society 
Website 
Fiscal 2019 targets and results 
Based on the “Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan,” we pursued reductions in carbon dioxide to achieve the targets of “The Japan Iron and Steel Federation’s Commitment to a Low Carbon Society” (Phase 1). Total CO2 emissions were reduced through a combination of reduced production and improved operations. 
■ Breakdown of energy used in fiscal 2019 (CO2 emissions) 
■ Factors behind changes since last fiscal year 
Participation in “All-Toyota Green Wave Project” activities 
Aichi Steel is participating in the “All-Toyota Green Wave Project” activities being implemented by the Toyota Group and other affiliated companies as part of efforts to coexist with nature. This project includes a range of activities to “connect communities toward harmony with nature.” We are undertaking activities that contribute to restoration of ecosystems by connecting people with other people and activities and linking habitats. 
▲Participation in All-Toyota activities (maintenance of Izu-numa, a wetland area registered under the Ramsar Convention) 
* Molten slag cooling down material: A car recycling sub-material that is added to control the slag components, reduce the temperature as a cooling material, and curtail explosive boiling. 
Forest-developing volunteers 
We use large amounts of water in our steel production. For this reason, since 2006 we have carried out twice-yearly forest cultivation activities in Nagano Prefecture, which is the source of Aichi Prefecture’s service water. We recruit volunteer employees to take part in improvement cutting and thinning activities aimed at creating healthy forests, and in the process deepen our interactions with local residents. In 2019, we signed an Adopt-A-Forest Promotion Program agreement with Otaki Village in Nagano Prefecture to develop a broad area of about 12 hectares of forest into the FOREST of AICHI STEEL GROUP. 
Oxygen 1.9% Heavy oil 
class A 0.9% Coke 7.3% 
Other 
0.5% 
Measures to promote harmony with nature 
Website 

Improvement factors 
1.Reduced energy consumption due to 
  
Total CO2 emissions 
633,000 
(-48,000 tons year-over-year) 
Electricity 
60.4% 
t-CO /year 2 
City gas 
29.0% 
Total CO2 emissions 633,000 t-CO2 
 
Energy saving through logistics optimization 
In accordance with the Energy Saving Act revised in April 2006, we have been working on efficient environmentally-friendly logistics optimization activities after understanding the flow of distribution and reviewing issues. 
More specifically, we are visualizing off-premise logistics routes and volumes, and promoting logistics improvements 
Contributions to end-of-life car recycling 
In accordance with the End-of-Life Car Recycling Act, which came into effect in 2005, the Toyota Group has been working towards total recycling. Aichi Steel is cooperating with Toyota Metal Co., Ltd. to improve recycling and develop recycling technology for glass parts, which have been the most difficult. 
We introduced silica sand into steel making slag generated in electric furnaces as a molten slag cooling down material*, 
from the perspective of streamlining routes, modal shifts (from land transport to sea transport), and improving loading rates. 
From fiscal 2006 to 2019, we achieved a 17% reduction in CO2 emissions per unit from logistics. 
but we focused on the similarities between silica sand and the glass components and made it possible to achieve the same effects by mixing silica sand with waste glass, and it is now possible to recycle waste glass as a car recycling sub-material. 
As a result, the end-of-life car recycling rate increased to 99.8%. 
Forestation to create a forest for beetles 
Since fiscal 2012, we have been creating a forest for beetles. We have been planting a broadleaf forest in about 20,000 m2 of Nakashinden green spaces around our plant and creating an environment in which beetles and other creatures can live their natural life cycles. We have been working with the Chita Peninsula Ecosystem Network Council and members of the Student Action Committee NPO to grow the trees. In fall every year, we also hold a large harmony-with-nature event called “Mori Mori event” where employees and their families participate in various activities, including programs held in collaboration with other organizations and companies, tree cultivation activities, release of rare medaka (Japanese rice fish), and planting of wheat. 
We have also started new initiatives in addition to the 
Nakashinden green spaces. We are currently developing an ecosystem network across the entire Chita Peninsula, cultivating trees using bamboo charcoal from bamboo groves we are maintaining at the town of Mihama, and an initiative in collaboration with the Higashiura Natural Environment Learning Forest to jointly research the beetles and foxes that are attracted to, and symbolic of, Nakashinden green spaces. 

Number of Nakashinden indicator species 
17 
▲Cultivating seedlings in area previously planted with trees 
▲Joint activity the Higashiura Natural Environment Learning Forest 
  
▲Aichi Steel Group employees and their families at a “Mori Mori event” 
▲Joint activity with the Mihama Town Bamboo Forest Maintenance Commercialization Council 
    
23 
▲Waste glass from cars was previously difficult to recycle due to its specialty components and color 
▲Employees who participated in activities in Otaki Village, Nagano Prefecture 
▲Forest thinning work AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 24 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 2 Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe 
and comfortable to improve employee happiness 

SocS 
"Jikotei Kanketsu" training 
To improve employee productivity, as part of our efforts to maximize ability and performance, we are conducting “Jikotei Kanketsu” training for team leaders. “Jikotei Kanketsu” is a work approach that emphasizes high-quality work 
Procedure 
P Plan (steps) D Do(ateveryimportant 
ial 
training, we are able to teach the appropriate approach and concrete steps. With the aim of increasing motivation among team members and maximizing performance through efficient work practices, we will continue efforts to teach the “Jikotei Kanketsu” approach going forward. 
knowledge learning and practical skills acquisition. Trainee proficiency is confirmed through written tests, and determinations of whether trainees have reached a level that can be used in practical work are confirmed through presentations on examples of improvements and on-site monitoring. Trainees who pass receive ranked certification. With Rank C training starting in fiscal 2016, Rank B in fiscal 2017, and Rank A in fiscal 2020, we are continuing to expand training activities. 
By having all skilled workers undergo this training, a culture of asking “why?” will be created and the handing down of technology and skills to successors will be encouraged. 

Prio2 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to create a strong organization by maximizing the potential of individuals through the creation of environments in which diverse human resources can play an active role. This includes not only consideration of a wide variety of anti-discrimination human rights involving nationality, language, culture, age and gender, but also encompasses women, seniors, people with disabilities, and those combining work with child-raising or care-giving. 
SDGs relevance 
rity Issue 
 
with an prevent 
efficient arrangement of errors and avoid redos. 
steps to Through 
C A 
point, check, confidently call “Done!” and proceed) 
Check (reflect on work process and look for problems) 
Act (pass on your knowledge to the next person) 

Respect for human rights and creation of comfortable workplaces Website 
Specialized technical training 
Since August 2016, we have been providing specialized technical training for all skilled workers in forging plants to provide systematic training on the knowledge and skills needed at those plants. To raise understanding of the purpose and necessity of each task, and lead to “Kaizen,” the roles of skilled workers, from the fundamentals of manufacturing to the essentials of the facilities that create products and measures for dealing with abnormalities, are divided into three ranks and the training is organized so that workers learn in steps. (The ranks are Rank C for up to five years after joining the company, Rank B for up to 10 years after joining the company, and Rank A for first-level supervisors). The hands-on training combines 
Number of times held (total) 
Initiatives toward respect for human rights 
The Aichi Steel Group states in the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines that it will comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations both in letter and in spirit, and that it will respect human rights, and sets out behavioral standards for this. 
Through level-based training and other educational opportunities, we cultivate a corporate culture in which the diversity of each employee is respected. A new Harassment Prevention Committee has been established and workplace study sessions are held with the goal of preventing workplace harassment. The Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline is also in place for use by employees with issues regarding human rights. This system enables employees to consult directly with advising legal representatives. 
■ Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline flowchart 
52 
Number of participants (total) 
285 

Aichi Steel employees 
Suppliers 
 
Promotion of more active roles for women in the workplace 
Aichi Steel considers the promotion of diversity to be an important part of its management strategy, and as part of that is strengthening measures to promote more active roles for women. We continue to proactively hire more female employees, setting goals for the percentage of female hires among regular university hires. We have also developed working from home and career design training for female employees to consider their careers. In this way, we are advancing initiatives to support women in developing their skills. As part of our culture and awareness reform, we are providing education to our managers on the prevention of harassment and we have established a Harassment Consulting Center to help create an environment where employees can balance work with family-life and child-raising duties. 
Post-retirement reemployment system 
We have in place a Manager Reemployment System and a Nice Senior System, which in principle allow all employees who wish to work after retirement to continue working until they begin receiving their pensions. To make work more enjoyable for our older employees, we are also creating workplaces that are easier to work in and we are reassessing employee benefits. 
Promotion of employment for people with disabilities 
We have employees with disabilities working in a range of workplaces, from our manufacturing sites to administrative divisions. To enable them to remain at work, it is important to not only provide the appropriate work support but to provide them with work that suits their individual abilities, so at the time of recruitment, we follow a program of practical training and interviews to decide where to assign them. With the majority of people with disabilities working at Aichi Steel being those with intellectual impairments, we hold seminars aimed at developing their capabilities and workshops aimed at helping them acquire internal qualifications as part of continued support to provide them with rewarding careers. We are also systematically training and allocating Vocational Life Consultants for Persons with Disabilities and Job Coaches to provide work-related coaching to develop workplaces where all employees can enjoy working together. 
▲Workshops for employees with intellectual impairments are held four times per year. Study sessions and leisure activities not only enable these employees to acquire the knowledge required to work, but also provide them with the opportunity to network with fellow employees. 
■ Number of lost time accidents and lost time frequency rate 
We prioritize mental health and lifestyle-related disease prevention, and systematically implement relevant initiatives. As a result, we were recognized for the first time by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and Tokyo Stock Exchange under the 2020 Health & Productivity Stock Selection Program. We were also recognized for the third consecutive year as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization (White 500 category), in a program adopted by METI and 
Nippon Kenko Kaigi. We continue to maintain and promote the health of our employees, which is a priority issue for the company. 
Mental health activities 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to maintain the mental health of its employees and prevent the development of mental issues, through various educational programs and individualized mental health care based on the results of stress check tests. 
We have also provided advice to workplaces that were determined to be at high risk for mental health based on analysis of these results. 
In addition, we are enhancing management of risks associated with mental illness in the workplace through regular workplace inspections by mental health staff and regular meetings to share information with labor management staff from the Human Resources Division. 
Going forward, we will continue working with supervisors to promote the creation of open workplaces that enable free discussion, to prevent the development of mental issues, and enable early detection of issues and early provision of care. 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 26 
Contact point 
Internal 
General Affairs & Public Relations Div. 
Auditor 
External 
Legal representatives 
Report (can be anonymous) 
President/Committees 
Feedback of outcome 
Collaboration 
Report 

Investigation team 
(Investigation/interviews) 

Employee safety and health 
Website 
Efforts to eliminate lost time accidents 
We have been conducting activities based on three pillars of safety with the aim of eliminating lost time accidents. 
We are also improving safety management by improving communication with operators in the factory, listening to problems related to work issues, and implementing “Kaizen” improvements. 
Health promotion efforts 

Initiatives toward diversity 
Website 

(1) Safety management: Searching for intrinsic safety, pursuing the true causes of accidents, and implementing countermeasures 
(2) Development of safety-conscious human resource: 
Training to improve awareness through an “anzen dojo training” program, and reflecting on the January 8 accident and teaching company traditions at the “Denshinkan Education Center” 
(3) Creation of safe worksites: Implementing preventive measures for workplace-specific accidents 

(Cases) 
5 4 3 2 1 0 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
(%) 
0.75 
0.50 
0.25 
0.00 
(FY) 

0.66 
   
25 
Human resources development 
Website 
Number of lost time accidents 
Lost time frequency rate 
0.45 0.45 0.45 

0.16 0.16 0.15 0.15 
  
Number of lost time accidents 
Lost time frequency rate 
Correction/management 
Person/division concerned 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 3 Create a prosperous society through business 
reform and provide extremely competitive products 
SocS 
 
ial 
Corporate Office 
With four Headquarters providing groupwide checks and balances of Company operations, we will provide support to manufacturing with the support of the Companies. In January 2020, we split our Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters into a Research and Development Headquarters and a Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters to increase the speed of commercialization for development projects and to strengthen ties with the Companies. 
Companies 
Each Company has manufacturing and production technology development functions for their businesses. Through the strong leadership and decision-making speed of Company Presidents, we will further strengthen our manufacturing capabilities. With the addition of the Stainless Steel Company, which split from the Hagane Company, we have been operating under a four Company structure since April 2020 to meet the needs of our customers and drive greater profitability. 
In 2017, Aichi Steel introduced an in-house company system comprising three Companies and three Headquarters. To maintain steady growth in a rapidly changing social environment, we evolved this system into four Companies and four Headquarters in 2020 and started operating under an enhanced organizational structure. Going forward, we will focus on better manufacturing, better talent, and better management of the organization as we actively pursue Vision 2030. 
A New Organizational Structure 
Prio3 
rity Issue 
President 
Division under direct control 
Companies 
Safety & Environmental Div. Quality Assurance Div. Audit Dept. 
Corporate Office 
■ Corporate Planning Headquarters Corporate Planning Div., IT Management Div., General Affairs & Public Relations Div., Human Resources Div., Finance & Accounting Div. Functions: Enhancing corporate functions and optimizing management resources 
■ Marketing & Sales Headquarters Sales and Planning Div., Toyota Sales Div., Tokyo Office, Nagoya Office, Osaka Office Functions: Enhancing marketing through customer and product focuses 
■ Research and Development Headquarters Technology Management Div., Frontier Research and Development Div. Products Development Div., Material Testing Technology Div., Silicon Valley Office Functions: Developing new products, and providing development support through planning and promotion, and materials testing 
■ Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters Purchasing Div., Production Control Div., Facility Engineering Div. Functions: Planning, procurement and production support for manufacturing 
stainless steels and engineering 
Becoming the leading manufacturer of specialty 
steels to contribute to the development of a mobility society 
Hagane 
Company 
Manufacture of steel products and development of related production technologies 


Evolving from a hot-forged product manufacturer into a 
components and finished product manufacturer 
Kitaeru 
Company 
Manufacture of forged products and development of related production technologies 

Providing safety and security to people around the world 
through materials and technologies 
Smart 
Company 
Sale and manufacture of electronic components, magnetic materials and other functional products for the next generation, and 
development of related production technologies 

27 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 28 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 3
Create a prosperous society through business
reform and provide extremely competitive productsSocS
  ial
Corporate Office
With four Headquarters providing groupwide checks and balances of Company operations, we will provide support to manufacturing with the support of the Companies. In January 2020, we split our Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters into a Research and Development Headquarters and a Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters to increase the speed of commercialization for development projects and to strengthen ties with the Companies.
Companies
Each Company has manufacturing and production technology development functions for their businesses. Through the strong leadership and decision-making speed of Company Presidents, we will further strengthen our manufacturing capabilities. With the addition of the Stainless Steel Company, which split from the Hagane Company, we have been operating under a four Company structure since April 2020 to meet the needs of our customers and drive greater profitability.
In 2017, Aichi Steel introduced an in-house company system comprising three Companies and three Headquarters. To maintain steady growth in a rapidly changing social environment, we evolved this system into four Companies and four Headquarters in 2020 and started operating under an enhanced organizational structure. Going forward, we will focus on better manufacturing, better talent, and better management of the organization as we actively pursue Vision 2030.
A New Organizational Structure
Prio3
rity IssuePresidentDivision under direct controlCompaniesSafety & Environmental Div. Quality Assurance Div. Audit Dept.Corporate Office
■ Corporate Planning Headquarters
Corporate Planning Div., IT Management Div., General Affairs & Public Relations Div., Human Resources Div., Finance & Accounting Div.
Functions: Enhancing corporate functions and optimizing management resources
■ Marketing & Sales Headquarters
Sales and Planning Div., Toyota Sales Div., Tokyo Office, Nagoya Office, Osaka Office
Functions: Enhancing marketing through customer and product focuses
■ Research and Development Headquarters
Technology Management Div., Frontier Research and Development Div. Products Development Div., Material Testing Technology Div., Silicon Valley Office
Functions: Developing new products, and providing development support through planning and promotion, and materials testing
■ Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters
Purchasing Div., Production Control Div., Facility Engineering Div.
Functions: Planning, procurement and production support for manufacturing
stainless steels and engineeringBecoming the leading manufacturer of specialtysteels to contribute to the development of a mobility society
Hagane
Company
Manufacture of steel products and development of related production technologies
 Evolving from a hot-forged product manufacturer into acomponents and finished product manufacturer
Kitaeru
Company
Manufacture of forged products and development of related production technologiesProviding safety and security to people around the worldthrough materials and technologies
Smart
Company
Sale and manufacture of electronic components, magnetic materials and other functional products for the next generation, and
development of related production technologies
 27
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 28
Contributing to creating a sustainable society through
Stainless Steel
Company
Manufacture of stainless steel shapes, round bars and deformed bars, and engineering
 Materiality ■ Priority Issue 3
Hagane Company
Business Overview
Manufacture of steel products and development of related production technologies
Specialty Steel Business Management Div., Hagane Production Engineering Div., Chita Plant
◆Main subsidiaries AICHI CERATEC CORPORATION, OMI MINING CO., LTD., AICHI STEEL LOGISTICS CO., LTD.
   Becoming the leading manufacturer of specialty steels to contribute to the development of a mobility society
Business risks and opportunities
(business environment and background)
Demand for iron and steel in Japan is expected to fall due to a range of changes in the business environment, from a shrinking population to cheap imports of materials from overseas and the development of new alternative materials.
Specifically, trends towards more compact vehicles and EVs lead to reduced consumption of specific specialty steels, which carries the risk of market shrinkage for Aichi Steel. On the other hand, we see this as an opportunity to expand the value of steel. We have started implementing initiatives to expand the market, including working with customers to select and develop drivetrain components that are still required on EVs, including gears and shafts.
We also expect that societal demand for CO2 reductions will increase further and regulations will become stricter to create a sustainable global environment. Aichi Steel is both a resource-recycling company, using steel scrap as raw materials, and a manufacturer using electric furnaces in an industry that is a heavy user of energy. We therefore have a significant social responsibility to implement CO2 reduction initiatives. To meet demands from society for innovative and proactive efforts to reduce our impacts on the environment, we are working to launch Japan’s first electric furnace with an exhaust heat recovery system, and eliminate by-product emissions. We are also conducting a wide range of other initiatives, including reducing energy consumption by leveraging the strengths of integrated forging and steel making process to shorten manufacturing processes.
Takashi Ishigami
Managing Executive Officer and Hagane Company President
Profile
After working as Smart Company President, Takashi Ishigami took on the role of Hagane Company President in April 2019.
 Future growth strategies for achieving Vision 2030 (Company Vision)
With demand for specialty steels falling as vehicle structures change, it is important to build strong foundations to ensure profitability while continuing to contribute to the development of a mobility society. To achieve continued growth going forward, we will conduct a range of activities in line with the following three priority issues.
Priority Issue 1 Product and sales strategies
In Japan, we are collaborating with our development divisions and Kitaeru Company to develop and manufacture components for EVs. We are focusing on everything from materials through to final processing to leverage the strengths of our integrated forging and steel making systems and further increase the value of our products. We are striving to make inroads into new markets by shortening and streamlining processes, reducing total costs, and reducing energy and resource consumption. Overseas, we see opportunities to expand markets for engine-powered vehicles and increase demand for steel in India and the ASEAN region. To outcompete foreign material makers and break into new markets, we entered a business capital tie-up with, and provided technical support to, India’s Vardhman Special Steels Limited. We have stationed Japanese representatives there, and we are providing technical guidance to improve quality and cost competitiveness while building global systems for stable supplies of steel products.
Priority Issue 2 Manufacturing strategies
We see reducing environmental impacts and costs as important initiatives, especially in steel making processes which are heavy consumers of energy. By driving steel making process reform, which incorporates streamlining of production lines and shortening of processes, we are working to achieve both energy savings and productivity improvements. In addition, we are pursuing even greater cost competitiveness through iron source reform based on reengineering with scrap iron.
Priority Issue 3 Subsidiary strategies
We are focusing more than ever on relationships with our three subsidiaries (Aichi Ceratec Corporation, Omi Mining Co., Ltd. and Aichi Steel Logistics Co., Ltd.). Through distinct categorization of businesses to enhance collaboration and businesses to enhance independence, we are providing appropriate support when required as we work to maximize consolidated profits.
                    FY2019 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
With a focus on reducing total costs through “management with Genryou Management,” we are implementing a range of initiatives around the eight elements of this concept, including consolidating equipment, improving specific consumption, and managing personnel. As an example of consolidating furnace equipment in the rolling process, we have been working with production control to develop production plans adjusting for steel types and sizes, and working to improve operational
availability, to consolidate three furnaces down dramatically reduced fuel specific consumption. In the area of drivetrain components for EVs as well, we have constructed a steel heat
to two. As a result, we have developed volume-matched costs systems and
Fuel specific consumption and production index
   treatment furnace capable of achieving high 110 quality products and reliable delivery to meet
the complex and varied heat treatment requirements of each customer. Also, by 105 consolidating and rationalizing various equipment installed at separate locations within 100 our plants, we have achieved secure and stable supplies of steel, and have reduced CO2 95 emissions.
90
(1) Improved operational availability 110 (2) Consolidated high efficiency
105
5% down 100 96
95
90 Steel heat treatment furnace
  Production volume
100
100
Fuel specific consumption
furnace equipment
106
Fuel specific 99 consumption
  29
2017
95
2018 2019
(FY)
 TOPICS
Contributing to the global environment through by-product recycling technologies:
AS Shot® Receives Silver Prize at 2020 Aichi Environmental Awards
 AS Shot® is a high-strength abrasive made from recycled slag, which is a by-product of the steel making process, using a unique Aichi Steel technology. It is used as a pre-treatment or rust removal before coating in a wide range of applications, including bridges, automobiles, ships and cultural assets. It generates little dust and can be reused many times.
Compared to natural mineral abrasives like garnet, which are widely used universally, AS Shot has excellent hardness and strength, and good durability. It contributes to reducing environmental impacts on many fronts, including reducing customer usage, waste volumes and treatment, and reducing the amount of garnet that must be mined.
In recognition of these environmental achievements, it received the Silver Prize at the 2020 Aichi Environmental Awards, hosted by Aichi Prefecture for the 16th time.
AS Shot®
      AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 30
  
 Materiality ■ Priority Issue 3
Stainless Steel Company
Business Overview
Manufacture of stainless steel shapes, round bars and deformed bars, and engineering
Stainless Steel Business Management Div., Stainless Steel Production Engineering Div. Kariya Plant
◆Main subsidiaries AIKO CORPORATION, Aichi Techno Metal Fukaumi CO. LTD.
   Contributing to
creating a sustainable society through stainless steels and engineering
Business risks and opportunities
(business environment and background)
Approximately 50 million tons of crude stainless steel are produced globally every year. With global production capacity of 70 million tons annually, this represents an oversupply of about one third. This imbalance between supply and demand is expected to continue for the foreseeable future, so there are concerns that competition between stainless steel manufacturers will increase.
Plates and sheets cutting methods are continually evolving in Japan, while orders for flat bars products continue to decline. Forming technologies for cold-rolled stainless steel sheets and plates and sheets and plates and sheets products are also continuing to evolve, and orders for steel shapes (angle bars, channel bars) are sluggish. Right now the value of hot rolled flat steel and steel shapes in the markets is truly being tested.
If you look at the markets though, there are significant opportunities for us, including new demand for stainless steel to help realize a sustainable society. This demand includes support for a hydrogen society (solutions for the hydrogen energy chain, from manufacturing to liquefaction, transportation, storage, electricity generation and FCVs) and response to an infrastructure crisis (solutions to meet high durability requirements related to infrastructure maintenance and renewal demands). For customers to choose Aichi Steel’s flat and steel shapes products, we are proactively driving detailed market creation activities around Value Analysis ideas that help shorten the processes for customers.
Kazuya Fukatsu
Executive Officer and Stainless Steel Company President
Profile
Kazuya Fukatsu took on the role of Stainless Steel Company President in April 2020.
 Future growth strategies for achieving Vision 2030 (Company Vision)
While focused on utilizing the various properties of stainless steel for the world, for society, and for people, our aim is to change from a steel manufacturer to an engineering manufacturer providing stainless steel parts, structures and constructure. To reach this goal, we are developing human resources capable of solutions-oriented engineering sales to strengthen our sales capabilities. We are also working to expand our sales systems for materials and components. To strengthen our manufacturing capabilities, we are also promoting technology transfer and innovation to support safe and efficient production systems while investigating proactive investment in our Kariya Plant. We focus on the following two priority issues.
In addition to prioritizing safety in a quality-first manufacturing environment, we aim to reduce production costs through a commitment to total-cost management and human-resource management. We also aim to lower the break-even point, and manage with Genryou Management while maintaining consistent production volumes. We will manage and share information in short cycles and respond flexibly to production volume variations and product shape/dimension variations. We will create a corporate culture around our identity as a new Aichi Steel Company, and create workplaces with positive, open culture where everyone can contribute as we develop solidarity as a United Stainless Steel Team.
Priority Issue 2 Growth strategies (increasing profits through 6 projects)
  Priority Issue 1 Strengthening our business foundation (managing with Genryou Management and creating workplaces with positive, open culture)
    We are implementing the following six projects to achieve growth for the Stainless Steel Company.
Aichi Steel stainless steel used in a variety of applications
Servicereservoirinternalreinforcement(corrosionresistance) InternalstairsinAichiSteelAdministrationBuilding(design characteristics)
     Project 1 Project 2 Project 3
Project 4
Project 5
Project 6
Reviewing product strategies (optimizing the product range and manufacturing processes)
Planning alliances (investigating external ties rather than being closed to them)
Expanding stainless steel parts, structures and constructure businesses (enhancing steel structure engineering functions)
Enhancing ties with consolidated subsidiaries (expanding collaborations with Aiko Corporation and Aichi Techno Metal Fukaumi Co., Ltd., etc.)
Visualizing manufacturing processes and improving workmanship (proposing future plant layouts)
Creating new markets (strengthening approaches to the hydrogen society and infrastructure crisis)
    Receptacle on the MIRAI fuel cell vehicle (hydrogen embrittlement resistance)
Kiyomizudera Temple slope protection for landslide restoration (durability)
         FY2019 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
In fiscal 2019, we produced 64,000 tons of stainless steel, which was a 5% increase on last fiscal year. With this increase in production volume, we have met our customers' delivery date through enhanced production capabilities in bottleneck processes and flexible production support.
At the same time, we established a new Stainless Steel Business Management Division within the Hagane Company in April 2019 to plan growth strategies for our stainless steel business. Then in April 2020, we established the Stainless Steel Company and launched concrete activities. As a materials and components manufacturing site, we also started up Kinuura Plant No. 2 at Aiko Corporation and started production of stainless steel materials mainly for the civil engineering field. While still in the development stage, we are working to expand capabilities as soon as possible.
    In December 2019, we received the Japan Stainless Steel Association Prize for our work on plant manufacture and onsite construction of a Stainless Steel Cubic Connection play structure at Chippubetsu-cho, Hokkaido (received jointly with Tsumura Company). Including welded H-beam steel, 46 tons of SUS304A stainless steel for building structures was used in construction.
     31
Kinuura Plant No. 2, Aiko Corporation
Stainless Steel Cubic Connection play structure at Chippubetsu-cho, Hokkaido
 TOPICS
Establishing the Stainless Steel
Company as an independent entity
Stainless Steel Company
   Stainless Steel Business Management Div.
  Stainless Steel Business Strategy & Planning Group Stainless Steel Market Development Group
Business planning and profit management
   Specifications, standardization and marketing
   Stainless Steel AE Group
Steel building structure engineering
   The Stainless Steel Company split from the Hagane Company as
an independent entity in April 2020. We are located at the same
site as the Aichi Steel Kariya Plant, which boasts 80 years of
history, including 62 years of producing hot-rolled stainless steel
angle bars since becoming the very first Japanese company to produce these products in 1958. With increased expectations for stainless steel to help in the realization of a sustainable society, the creation of our Company has been long-awaited.
To the right is the organizational structure of the Stainless Steel Company. A particular feature of this structure is the positioning of a Stainless Steel Business Strategy & Planning Group, Stainless Steel Market Development Group (which promotes market creation activities) and Stainless Steel AE Group within the Stainless Steel Business Management Division. The Company also integrally manages two manufacturing sites; the Kariya Plant where we manufacture stainless steel shapes and flat steel, and the Kinuura Plant No. 2 (Aiko Corporation), where we manufacture stainless steel materials and components.
In this our first year as a Company “for the world, for society, and for people,” we will bring a major transformation as we grow into a profit base for Aichi Steel.
Stainless Steel Production Engineering Div.
Production engineering improvement and innovation
   Kariya Plant
Steel shapes and flat steel production base
   Kinuura Plant No. 2, Aiko Corporation
Materials and components manufacturing base
     AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 32
    
 Materiality ■ Priority Issue 3
Kitaeru Company
Business Overview
Manufacture of forged products and development of related production technologies
Kitaeru Business Management Div., Forging Production Engineering Div., Forging Plant
◆Main subsidiaries Asdex Corporation, AICHI FORGE PHILIPPINES, INC. (AFP), Aichi Forge USA, INC. (AFU), AICHI FORGE (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
(AFT), Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (SAFC), PT. AICHI FORGING INDONESIA (AFI)
   Evolving from a hot-forged product manufacturer into a components and finished product manufacturer
Business risks and opportunities
(business environment and background)
Going forward, it is expected that the Japanese forged product market will shrink. Causes include declining demand for automobiles as fewer people are born and young people choose lifestyles without cars, declining production of forged products as more EVs enter the market, and increasing local procurement practices overseas.
Within this market shrinkage and subsequent restructuring of the forging industry, we will expand our presence through industry-leading production capacity and technical capabilities that utilize the strengths of integrated forging with steel making process, as well as further additions of value and cost reductions. Through manufacturing that exceeds our customers’ expectations, we will also create products that enable us to maintain our position as the Company of Choice Globally.
Labor shortages resulting from a dwindling workforce also carry risks for manufacturing. We therefore need to maximize productivity with a limited number of workers, so we will endeavor to increase per-worker productivity and enhance true competitiveness. We will do this through tangible measures such as reducing manpower requirements by autonomation and increasing equipment productivity and intangible measures such as human resource development and workstyle reform.
Motoshi Nakamura
Executive Vice President and Kitaeru Company President
Profile
After working as General Manager, Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters, Motoshi Nakamura took on the role of Kitaeru Company President in April 2019.
 Future growth strategies for achieving Vision 2030 (Company Vision)
To remain the company of choice for our customers and continue our steady growth, we must continue playing a broad role in society as a company for the world and for the people. We aim to further enhance competitiveness and remain the Company of Choice Globally through the following five priority issues.
Priority Issue 1 Evolution into a finished product manufacturer
Going forward, automakers are expected to pivot to the development of advanced technologies as “mobility companies.” Because we are also currently handling machining as part of our customers’ processes, we will be able to make a contribution to them by providing high value-added complete components.
Priority Issue 2 New product development
Amid an accelerating shift to next-generation automobiles, we are developing new products with a focus on EV and FCV components to maximize our customer support. To improve functionality and reduce costs we are leveraging the strengths of our integrated forging with steel making process and working on development with customers, from materials through to processing.
Priority Issue 3 Building many models production system
To contribute to a stable supply chain for our customers, even when the industry is going through a restructuring, we have to be able to produce all types of components. With a focus on industry trends, we will investigate and develop the means and equipment able to efficiently produce many different products.
Priority Issue 4 Strengthening company connectivity on a global basis
To continually manufacture the products of choice for our customers in Japan and overseas, and meet their need for high quality and low cost, we need to achieve the same level of manufacturing capabilities globally. While further improving and standardizing our manufacturing capabilities in Japan, as the “mother plant,” we will work to expand and implement those capabilities in our global sites. At the same time, we will further strengthen company connectivity to take the entire Group to the next level through relationships of mutual learning.
Priority Issue 5 Environmental measures
To reduce CO2 emissions and contribute to a sustainable global environment, we will improve our facilities by improving the efficiency of our material heating equipment and improving the combustion efficiency of our heat treatment furnaces to reduce energy consumption. Leveraging the technical strengths of our integrated forging with steel making environment, we will also develop components that enable to reduce heat treatment process to establish forging processes that are highly energy efficient.
                         FY2019 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
We are promoting management with Genryou Management as a way of quickly and flexibly responding, while maintaining profitability, to fluctuations in production due to changes in the business environment. As part of these efforts, in fiscal 2019, we shared our “volume-matched costs” approach with our manufacturing sites to produce only the necessary volumes at the exact costs.
By further improving costs (kaizen in cost) through such initiatives as improving the design of dies to reduce material costs, we were able to maintain profits even when sales volumes decreased. These efforts helped lay the groundwork for creating a stronger company.
    As a top priority built on our safety initiatives, we have also conducted activities to reduce quality-related loss. Through collaborative efforts between our administrative divisions, whose job is to identify conditions that ensure product quality, with our manufacturing divisions, whose job is to standardize, maintain and manage those conditions, we have succeeded in contributing to profits.
Volume-matched costs and cost improvements
Volume-matched costs
Cost improvements
Quality defect-related losses (index)
 100
  76
66
    33
Production volume
2018 H1 2019
H2 2019
 TOPICS
Implementing the Aichi Way with the President
taking the lead
By putting the Aichi Way into practice, our President is playing a central role in creating a corporate culture that enables everyone to work together and overcome any difficulty.
In addition to regular onsite inspections of tasks accomplished in manufacturing (tradition of Genba-ism), we are using business results briefings and other opportunities, offering words of thanks directly to employees (appreciation), and sharing examples of improvement using originality and invention in our workplaces (creativity). Through these and other measures, the President and employees are always united in their activities to create a strong organization. In this way, we have fostered a culture that enables every employee to play a role in addressing challenges across the Company, which has also enabled us to quickly respond to supply issues caused by COVID-19.
President giving guidance directly in the workplace
  AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 34
   Costs

 Materiality ■ Priority Issue 3
Smart Company
Business Overview
Sale and manufacture of electronic components, magnetic materials and other functional products for the next generation and development of related production technologies
Smart Business Management Div., Sensor Business Dept., Magnet Business Dept., Electronic Components Business Dept., Smart Production Engineering Div., Higashiura Plant, Gifu Plant, Seki Plant, Electronic Components Plant
◆Main subsidiaries Zhejiang Aichi Mechanical & Electrical Co., Ltd. (AME), Aichi Magfine Czech s.r.o. (AMC),
Aichi Magfine Technology (Pinghu) Co., Ltd. (AMT), Aichi Europe GmbH (Ae)
  Providing safety and security to people around the world through materials and technologies
Business risks and opportunities
(business environment and background)
With applications of CASE technologies in the automotive industry expected to increase going forward, being able to respond in a timely manner is an urgent issue. We will be most active in the autonomous and electric fields, where we contribute to realizing the next-generation mobility society. In the autonomous field, we are working to commercialize our GMPS autonomous driving support system using magnetic markers, which will help reduce traffic accidents and provide modes of transportation for use in depopulated areas. In the electric field, we are working to manufacture power card lead frames as heat-dissipating components of EVs, and to develop the main motors for EVs using MAGFINE®, Dy-free bonded magnets that do not use heavy rare earth materials.
At the same time, interest is growing for the SDGs as targets for achieving a sustainable world. In this modern age, companies are expected to not only pursue profits but also provide value by helping to address social issues. One of our strengths is that we operate many SDGs-related solutions businesses that extend beyond the confines of the automotive industry. As a member of the global community, we will create value by setting concrete SDGs targets and working to develop new technologies and manufacture innovative products.
Katsunori Kojima
Managing Executive Officer and Smart Company President
Profile
After working as Kitaeru Company President, Katsunori Kojima took on the role of Smart Company President in April 2019.Future growth strategies for achieving Vision 2030 (Company Vision)
To contribute to next-generation mobility and smart society through high performance materials, we will steadily grow our five businesses to become a profit base for Aichi Steel.
From the perspective of the SDGs, we have also identified four areas for value creation—energy, healthy lifestyles, food supplies, and safe public transport systems. By reaching the SDGs targets that we set in each of our businesses, we will meet our responsibilities as a member of the global community.
We are building stable supply systems to meet growing demand for power card lead frames for EVs. We are also developing products for related units that are evolving to improve energy efficiency, with the goal of contributing to the field of energy.
We aim to become a manufacturer able to propose complete components by combining direct injection molding technologies with our in-house capabilities for development and manufacturing of magnetic powder materials. As part of this goal, we are developing energy-efficient main motors for EVs in particular. By using MAGFINE® Dy-free bonded magnets that do not use heavy rare earth materials, we will improve natural resource usage efficiency and contribute to the field of energy.
Dental business: Providing dental appliances to improve the quality of lives
We will contribute to healthy lifestyles by strengthening sales of dental magnetic attachments through alliances with industry leaders, and by developing new products to expand the range of compatible implants that more people can use in Japan and overseas.
We will promote the use of our GMPS autonomous driving support system using magnetic markers, and the use of ultra-sensitive magnetic MI Sensors at security checkpoints in airports and stations to build safe public transport systems. We will also promote the use of amorphous wire metallic fiber products in medical devices as part of our contribution to healthy lifestyles.
Iron fertilizer business: Expanding globally as a food solution
Iron has been confirmed to be effective for the one-third of cultivated land globally that is alkaline, which tends to be iron-deficient and makes growing crops difficult, and against citrus greening disease, which is a citrus-specific disease spreading globally. Utilizing the achievements and know-how we have built up developing iron fertilizer for improving iron-deficient plants in Japan, we are continuing our development with the hope of solving this global soil problem, which will contribute to stable food supplies.
     Electronic components business: Becoming a manufacturer of heat-dissipating components for EVs
Magnet business: Becoming an innovative manufacturer able to make component-oriented proposals
  Sensor and metallic fiber business: Contributing to a safe and healthy society through micro-magnetic sensing technologies
          FY2019 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
To become a stronger organization as a profit center for Aichi Steel, we have been implementing our policy of managing with Genryou Management through efforts such as improving productivity and reducing fixed expenses. We have also been enhancing our sales capabilities through efforts such as building a global sales network. In this way, we have been able to strengthen profits and our business foundations while meeting our annual targets in all our businesses.
In terms of CASE support, we constructed a second production line at our Gifu Plant with a view to expanding demand for power card lead frames, the essential heat-dissipating components of EVs. We almost tripled our fiscal 2017 production capacity, including at our Chita Plant which also handles these products, in part as support for business continuity planning. This has enabled us to provide high
quality products in a reliable and timely manner. We have also been working toward commercialization of our GMPS autonomous driving support system using magnetic markers. In fiscal 2019, we verified problems and built knowledge through a series of 15 trials conducted in specific environments, including bus rapid transit (BRT) systems and airports.
        35
Second production line at Gifu Plant
GMPS trialsTOPICS
MAGFINE®, contributing to the SDGs
MAGFINE® Dy-free bonded magnets have a strong magnetic force. In combination with our own direct injection molding technologies, they are helping improve the performance of motors and reduce their size and weight. Also, because they do not use dysprosium (Dy), which is a heavy rare earth material, they also help avoid resource risk. With these magnets recently being used in drone motors, we have been recognized for helping solve the problem of labor shortages in logistics and agriculture, receiving the Monodzukuri Nippon Conference Joint Chairman’s Award at Nikkan Kogyo Shimbun’s Cho Monodzukuri Grand Award for Parts. We were also selected to be included in the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s Global Niche Top Companies Selection 100, which recognizes the uniqueness and importance of this technology. Going forward, we will apply the MAGFINE® value to a wide range of fields as we work toward addressing global and social issues and achieving the SDGs.
MAGFINE®
           AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 36

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 4 Strengthen Relationships with Local 
Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society 
SocS 
Green (planting and environmental conservation) 
Twice every year, students of the Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute plant flowers in the roundabout in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station, the station nearest our offices, as one of our activities to clean the neighborhood. 
▲Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute students planting greenery on the roundabout in front of Shurakuen Station 
Creative (education, culture) 
Launched in 2010 to mark the 70th anniversary of our founding, every year we visit schools to present a “Lesson about Iron” to students. The project, which is in its tenth year, aims to teach 
ial 
 
The Aichi Steel Group seeks prosperous coexistence with surrounding communities, is conscious of its role as a “good corporate citizen,” and is actively involved with the local community. We place importance on communication through our social contribution activities and other efforts, and by gaining the trust of communities and understanding of our business activities, we strive to be a company that is continually welcomed in the community. 
SDGs relevance 
Prio4rity Issue Social contribution activities 
elementary school fifth graders about the local industry of Tokai City, the largest iron-producing region in central Japan. Through a lesson called “Making Magnets,” we offer a fun way for local elementary school students to experience manufacturing. 
Activity promotion system 
■ Changes in the number of volunteers in social contribution activities (cumulative) 
Volunteer support Website Established in 1993, the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund continued to donate to local social welfare 
organizations and volunteer groups near our company, and to provide support after the Kumamoto Earthquake. It also provided support to areas affected by Typhoon Hagibis in 2019. Another voluntary and ongoing program that employees can participate in is the “one-coin” donation program, where they donate 100 yen from their pays every month. 
Using paid leave and welfare leave, employees also launched a new initiative in fiscal 2019, visiting child welfare facilities on weekdays. 
volunteers 
In pursuit of harmonious coexistence and co-prosperity, Aichi Steel 10,000 promotes community-oriented activities focused around four key words: 9,000 
“clean,” “green,” “creative” and “volunteerism.” The Volunteer Center, located in the General Affairs & Public Relations 7,000 
9,175 9,904 
with the aim of supporting employee volunteer activities. It also plans smaller-scale volunteer activities which employees can participate in, and encourages them to experience volunteering for themselves. 
5,000 
Creative lessons 
schools, 
classes 
12 
34 
“One-coin” donation 
593 
 
8,000 Division, provides information and promotes educational activities 6,000 
6,629 5,914 
7,276 
■ Support for disaster-affected areas 
■ Lunchtime volunteer activities 
   
4,000 During fiscal 2019, we increased participation in activities, and set 3,000 
a new record for the number of participants, through efforts such as an increased number of activities to promote harmony with nature, expanding the sale of bakery goods from welfare facilities across the Aichi Steel Group, and introducing a cafe menu at our lunch room and 9,904 recreation hall with foods that support regional recovery. 
Clean (beautification, safety, security) 
▲Local specialties from areas affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake on sale at plant open days and other events 
▲Special menu in support of regional recovery 
▲Typhoon Hagibis Relief Fund (Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund) 
▲Lunchtime volunteering activity to separate fabric from collected ties (Kariya Plant) 
Number of volunteers in FY2019 
2,000 
2015 
2016 
2017 
(729 person increase year-on-year) 
2018 2019 
(FY) 
In addition to holding the “Nearby roads clean-up campaign” every two months to help clean our neighborhoods, we have been holding Clean Aichi Day every October since 2009, together with employees of domestic and overseas subsidiaries, as one of Aichi Steel's CSR Enhancement Month activities. 
We also conduct traffic safety awareness activities as a responsible manufacturer in the automobile industry. One of those activities is “Zero Day” safety patrols that each site continues to conduct. 
Interaction with the community 
Events and participation 
We hold community meetings in the cities of Tokai (February) and Kariya (December), where we promote exchanges with residents of the local communities and actively participate in a variety of local volunteer activities. We also support activities involving festivals, sports days and other local events in the communities surrounding our sites, and dispatch employees to assist with the operation of those events. We also invite local residents to events held at our headquarters and plants, and work to encourage interaction with our employees. 
    
37 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 38 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 5 G Increase Compliance Awareness Globally, and 
Strengthen Corporate Sustainability 
Prio5rity Issue The Aichi Steel Group is undertaking measures to further ensure governance and compliance, enhance awareness of legal compliance, and conduct sound business activities worldwide. We are also revising our management structure and conducting thorough employee training to quickly address risks. 
Compliance promotion system 
We aim to be a trusted company through the protection of human rights and compliance with laws and regulations, and by respecting public decency. To enhance the overall compliance of our Group, the Corporate Planning Committee—headed by the Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager—sets and reviews compliance policies on a regular basis. 
Based on our internal rules and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, we strive to improve our compliance with laws and regulations as well as our social common sense. We enhance employee awareness by distributing the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, and compliance manuals. 
Whistle-blowing system 
In fiscal 2019, a total of 8 cases were reported to the Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline, the company's whistle-blowing system. 
We will continue taking corrective measures when necessary and inform the president of important matters for confirmation. We will also specify in the Code of Corporate Ethics how the system is operated and rules on the protection of whistle-blowers to ensure that whistle-blowers are protected. We will also continue promoting recognition and awareness of our whistle-blowing system among employees to further improve our internal ability to 8govern ourselves. 

Governance 
Compliance promotion system 
Person responsible or legal 
compliance 
SDGs relevance 
    
Basic approach to corporate governance 
The goal of Aichi Steel is to contribute to sustainable development of the Earth and society through sound corporate activities. With this in mind, we aim to manage our company in a way that always enjoys extensive trust of our shareholders, investors and society by establishing and maintaining an organization capable of responding swiftly to 
Corporate governance structure 
Aichi Steel uses an Audit & Supervisory Board. This system concentrates authority and responsibility for business execution to the Board of Directors, as the ultimate body for management decision making, and assigns the role of audit and supervision of the Board of Directors to the Audit & Supervisory Board and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, which are independent of the Board of Directors and business execution. We believe this system achieves appropriate management decisions and execution of duties while providing sufficient organizational checks and 
Corporate governance system diagram 
changes in business environments and a fair and transparent management system. 
We also fully comply with the Corporate Governance Code, and submit a report regarding disclosure to the Tokyo Stock Exchange. We review our compliance status once a year and make amendments or changes as required. 
balances. We employ two independent outside directors and two 
outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members, with extensive experience and broad insights as managers, who supervise and audit the execution of duties of the directors, and we develop systems that function effectively to ensure objectivity and neutrality of management oversight. 
Internally, we also develop and properly operate systems to ensure the appropriateness of our operations in line with the Internal Control System Basic Policy. 
Changes in whistle-blowing cases 
Contactpoint ■GeneralAffairs&PublicRelationsDiv. (Cases) ■Audit & Supervisory Board Member ■Lawyer 
       
cases 
To enhance the compliance awareness of employees, we provide education on compliance to all employees. The importance of compliance is also covered in the Action Guidelines workshop held for those promoted to each level within the organization. In addition, other corporate scandal case studies are reported to the Compliance Liaison Meeting to help prevent the recurrence of similar compliance incidents. 
We also hold CSR seminars on preventing harassment, and on-site compliance training at each plant for the purpose of preventing crime and harassment. 
Fair transactions with suppliers 
14 12 10 
8 6 4 2 0 
2015 2016 
2017 2018 2019 

Appoints/Dismisses 
Board of Directors 
Shareholder's Meeting 
Appoints/Dismisses 
Reports to Reports to 
Appoints/Dismisses 
Accounting Audit Team 
participants (8 levels) Compliance Liaison 
Compliance promotion activities 
Level-based training 
230 1CSR Seminar 
On-site compliance training (crime and harassment prevention) 
(Oct, Nov) 
We periodically hold Business Regulations, Procurement Edition seminars to improve compliance with the Subcontracting Act, which is closely connected to our procurement transactions, and to avoid breaches of the act that is easy to fall foul of. 
Meeting 
(FY) 
   
Audits 
4 10 
Audit & Supervisory Board 
Audits 
time (Jan) (Apr, Jul, Oct, Dec) 
    
Inquiry 
Response 
Evaluates the appropriateness of the account audit 
times locations 

Officer Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
Audits 

Makes decisions/Supervises Appoints/Dismisses 

President 
Instructs/Supervises 
  
Internal Audit Depts. 
Audits 
Reports to 
Makes proposals to/Reports to 
Instructs/Supervises 
 
Companies/Headquarters/Departments 
Reports to Advises/Aids 
Group Companies 
Instructs/Supervises Makes decisions / Approves 
Compliance 
Website 

Corporate Planning f Committee 
Chair: Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager 
Members: Directors, executive officers, Audit & Supervisory Board Members 
  
39 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 40 
12 
13 
Director in charge of General Affairs & Public Relations Div. 

Compliance Liaison Meeting 
General Legal Compliance Site Various 
General Affairs & departments Public Relations Div. 
Persons in charge of compliance 
  
5 
10 

8 
     
Management Committee 
(Deliberation of critical issues, etc.) 
Executive committees 
Each division 
Departmental person responsible for legal compliance 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 5 Risk Management 
Risk management system 
We have established internal rules, such as risk management rules and disaster prevention rules, and have established a risk management system, so that if we face or predict a serious risk, we can take prompt and appropriate action and ensure sound business operation. 
Information security 
Information security promotion system 
Recognizing the importance of information security management, and in compliance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG), we have established internal structures, provided employees with information and education on rules and regulations, and conduct inspections and so on. 
The Risk Management Department conducts security inspections to ensure that there are no issues with external email, that employees do not carelessly take internal information outside the office, or that USB memory, cameras, and other devices are handled properly. Along with enhanced checking functionality in the system, we are further enhancing our confidentiality management structure to also provide advice from experts. 
We have applied the ATSGs at all Group companies, and are enhancing information security across the entire Aichi Steel Group. 
Information security promotion system 
Management system and roles of each department 
Information security guidelines 
We, for security controls and to prevent leakages of personal information, have established rules regarding the procedures for handling documents and data, sending and receipt of email, and management standards and procedures for computers and peripheral devices. 
Examples of rules: • Document control rules • Information security control rules • Information disclosure rules • Private information protection rules, etc. 
We carefully handle and strictly control any information held by the Company or by any Group company, and any information obtained from our customers, suppliers or employees, etc., in accordance with our internal rules. 
Definition of Confidential Information 
All information, products, and facilities, regardless of form, designated as subject to restrictions on disclosure by the confidentiality management supervisor specified under the information security system. Confidential information regarding other companies obtained through proper means is also included. 
Information security awareness and education 
Through our CSR meetings, management receives updates on current Group information security management levels, as well as issues and ongoing efforts, ensuring a common awareness of information security as a management issue. For employees, a check is conducted using an "information security checklist" for every employee using a personal computer in their day-to-day work, regarding handling of information devices and various related rules. Based on those results, staff responsible for education in each department, along with department heads, provide individual instruction. 
We also present public incidents of information leaks in a news format, and issue company-wide alerts when a computer virus or another malicious program is discovered in the Company, in order to raise awareness of security controls. 
Number of times security 12 training held 

Risk management education 
We have newly developed a curriculum for “risk management” designed for training of all job classes, where we explain how risk management is positioned and emphasized in CSR, and we include actual cases of crisis at Aichi Steel to heighten employees' risk awareness and ensure they understand what to do to prevent crisis occurrence/recurrence and what initial response to take when a crisis occurs. 
As a result of the accident on January 8, 2016, we have 
declared January 8 to be Start Over Day at Aichi Steel to raise awareness of our commitment, confirmed by everyone at Aichi Steel, to preventing such an accident from recurring. We have also established a permanent Denshinkan Education Center to teach and pass on to the next generation the lessons learned from the accident and our other failures, and have started providing special safety training to all employees. 
 
Disaster prevention and risk mitigation measures 
We established the Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee through which we are developing disaster prevention measures in the event of an earthquake in the Nankai Trough. 
2019 was the 60th anniversary of Typhoon Vera, so we also re-examined our response to frequent wind and water damage over recent years. From February 2020, we have been dealing with the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19). 
The main actions implemented to mitigate risk during fiscal 2019 are detailed below. 
Overall control 
Administrative Depts. 
Director in charge of General Affairs & Public Relations Div. •Person responsible for confidentiality management 
General Affairs & Public Relations Div. and IT Management Div. •Creates and revises measures related to the management of 
confidential information •Audits and provides guidance according to the confidentiality 
management status across the entire company •Manages systems (both technical and human aspects) 
Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee 
(General Administration Office: General Affairs & Public Relations Div.) 
  
Human Safety Subcommittee (Office: Human Resources Div.) 
Role Specify actions to Mission protect lives 
 
Role Maintain building Mission and facilities to 
protect lives 
 
In each department 
Role 
•Assumes all responsibility for confidential information within the division 
•Designates people in charge of confidentiality management 
•Has the final say in confidentiality classification •Designates employees authorized to create 
top-secret documents •Implements self-auditing of confidentiality 
management status •Establishes rules for the division 
•Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor (Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division) 
•Works to promote and fully establish confidentiality management in the division 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management 
•Gives approval, instructions, and guidance related to confidential information used in their location 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management •Reports accidents, damage, illegal acts and 
wrongdoing to his/her superior 

Confidentiality management supervisor (General managers of individual divisions) 

41 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 42 
■ Companywide disaster drills 
We plan and conduct companywide disaster drills twice a year. In fiscal 2019, we conducted the following drills in May and November. 
■ Response to novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) To respond appropriately to this constantly changing 
situation, we launched an Emergency Control Headquarters as soon as COVID-19 started spreading in Japan. 
This cross-company organization continually collects information from inside and outside the company, reviews internal operations, adjusts production, and works to maintain business continuity. We have also established a Support Center to support employees when they experience difficulties. It is implementing the following measures and providing support to prevent the spread of the disease among employees. (These are just some examples.) 
The chairman and president have launched a program of on-site disaster preparedness inspections with the aim of improving disaster preparedness in each plant. 
Confidentiality management person (Manager, who is the person in charge of compliance, designated by the general manager) 

	1.	Evacuation drills for all employees (assuming a large tsunami warning after an earthquake)  
	2.	Information sharing by members of the companywide Emergency Control Headquarters (assuming typhoons and other natural disasters other than earthquakes)  
	3.	Disaster preparedness seminar by external crisis management consultant  

Representative managers, etc. 

Employees 

■ Inspections of disaster preparedness of plants by chairman and president 
Facility Safety Subcommittee (Office: Facility Engineering Div.) 
		●  Providing masks from reserves (Japanese and overseas subsidiaries, employees)  
		●  Changing workstyles to prevent infection (changing means of commuting, working from home, reducing business trips, etc.)  
		●  Procuring additional supplies of personal protective equipment (protective gowns, hand sanitizer, masks, etc.)  
 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 5 Messages from Outside Directors 
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members 
   
Koichi Yasui 
Outside Director 
Q1. What is your impression of Aichi Steel? 
Aichi Steel is a globally expanding and growing company. It has successfully implanted the Aichi Way into the minds of its employees who put it into practice conscientiously, and who work hard toward shared goals through a strong unifying force. I believe this is largely as a result of its culture of care and respect for employees as demonstrated by its recognition both under the Health & Productivity Stock Selection Program and as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization, and by the signing of a Labor-Management Agreement. 
Q2. What do you think of your own role as an outside director? 
As a member of management in the past, I always tried to personally visit the front lines of gas supply and sales to see and confirm situations with my own eyes. Even as an outside director, I visit those sites as much as possible to get direct access to the ideas and thoughts of the people working there. I am therefore fully aware of the background and facts behind each situation. 
I believe my role is to apply my past experiences, knowledge and expertise to continually question management, to discuss any concerns I might have, and to provide support at all other times. 
Takahiro Fujioka 
President Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) 
Naohiro Yasunaga 
Director and Managing Executive Officer General Manager, Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters 
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) Koichi Yasui 
Outside Director Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
12 of 13 (92%) Hiroaki Chino 
Audit & Supervisory Board Member Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
10 of 10 (100%) Koichi Ito 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) 
Motoshi Nakamura 
Executive Vice President Kitaeru Company President 
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) Katsunori Kojima 
Director and Managing Executive Officer Smart Company President 
New Yuko Arai 
Outside Director Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) Takashi Goto 
Audit & Supervisory Board Member Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) Katsuyuki Ogura 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) 
Q3. What issues do you see, and what expectations do you have, in relation to sustainable 
growth at Aichi Steel? 
With the development of CASE technologies and changing social needs for mobility, it is a very difficult time to predict the future. At the same time, though, there are enormous opportunities for Aichi Steel to grow right now as well. To take advantage of these opportunities, it needs to create value that is unique to Aichi Steel by accurately understanding the social environment and customer needs. It can do this by relying on the unique technical capabilities it has built up as a materials manufacturer, as well as its passion of “steel” and strong spirit. I look forward to continuing sustainable growth for Aichi Steel through the supply of products that contribute to the whole industry, the whole of society, and to the global environment. 
Q1. What is your impression of Aichi Steel? 
The DNA of manufacturing at Aichi Steel has its roots in the belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.” Through the company’s culture of honesty and reliability, through the words and character of its employees, I see that DNA being passed down even today. Aichi Steel’s strengths are evident in the new innovations it produces and the high social value it provides through a combination of solid technical capabilities, built on its manufacturing tradition, and a wealth of experience. 
Q2. What do you think of your own role as an outside director? 
The airline industry and Aichi Steel have a common mission of supporting safety and security in people’s lives. I am able to bring knowledge and experience to this role, together with questions and different perspectives from my time in a different industry, which generates more meaningful discussions in meetings of the Board of Directors. 
      
I have many years of sales experience in the airline industry, so I always value direct communication and building relationships with customers. With a focus on business expansion from global and customer perspectives, and while prioritizing communication through informal meetings with employees, I want to contribute to creating a better organization and developing human resources by promoting diversity. 
Q3. What issues do you see, and what expectations do you have, in relation to sustainable 
growth at Aichi Steel? 
Good products and services are all created by people. This is why my highest priorities are eliminating unsafe practices among employees and creating safe and secure working environments. 
If Aichi Steel can also leverage the technologies and knowledge it has acquired over many years to further expand its business operations, and support many more people in their daily lives, it will be able to continue increasing corporate value into the future. Aichi Steel’s business operations now extend beyond automotive components to also include the fields of agriculture, medicine and transportation, as well as rebuilding social infrastructure. It is also developing many products for the business-to-consumer (BtoC) market. I look forward to seeing the company continue to branch out into new fields, and to maintain steady growth as a manufacturing company supporting the society of the future. 
Yuko Arai 
Outside Director 
   
43 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 44 

 Materiality
FF inancial
■ Priority Issue 6
Establish a Solid Financial Foundation to
Support Stable and Sustainable Growth
The establishment of a solid financial foundation is critical for enhancing corporate value and supporting stable and sustainable returns to stakeholders. With the intention of establishing a solid financial foundation realizing an ROE of 8% or higher as a target for improved profitability, we will steadily and systematically promote effective capital measures and capital investments aimed at perennial growth.Prio6rity Issue
Message from the Finance Director
Kazutaka Maeda
Managing Executive Officer General Manager,
Corporate Planning Headquarters1. Improving corporate value through dialogue with stakeholders
Aichi Steel considers that the establishment of a solid financial foundation is critical for supporting stable and sustainable returns to stakeholders. We conduct our business with a deep awareness of the need to achieve an appropriate balance between shareholder returns, investments, and repayment of interest-bearing debt. We are also focused on maintaining financial health and sustainably improving earnings capacity (steady growth) across the company while keeping an eye on ROE and debt-equity ratio indexes.
With corporate value increasingly being evaluated from ESG and SDGs perspectives, we are focused on enhancing and disclosing information in a timely manner to investors and other stakeholders. By accurately explaining current business and financial status as above, as well as future issues, we aim to achieve appropriate evaluations from capital markets and society in general.
We will listen carefully to the opinions and advice we receive and reflect that in our management to continue improving corporate value.
2. Business performance for fiscal 2019
Consolidated net sales for fiscal 2019 declined by 15 billion yen to 242.2 billion yen compared to the previous fiscal year, while operating profits increased by 2.7 billion yen to 13.9 billion yen compared the previous fiscal year. Sales volumes decreased due to factors including an economic slowdown in China caused by trade friction between the U.S. and China and depreciation expenses increased which put downward pressure on profits. Despite this, we recorded increased profits from decreased income compared to the previous year through lower prices for scrap metal and ferroalloys, and companywide efforts to improve profits.
Operating cash flow was 36.3 billion yen, which was an increase of 22.7 billion yen compared to the previous fiscal year, mainly due to accumulated profits and improved working capital. We are systematically and
efficiently expanding our strategic capital expenditure to help build solid manufacturing infrastructure and achieve a stable profit base, which are two of the objectives established by our Medium-term Management Plan (FY2017–2020). During fiscal 2019, we made capital investments totaling 20 billion yen, mainly for the purposes of increasing production capacity on steel, forged and electro-magnetic product manufacturing equipment, and for streamlining, updating and functionally improving steel and forged product manufacturing equipment.
Aiming to develop and expand new applications and products for our existing businesses by leveraging the advantages of materials, and steadily fostering and strengthening next-generation businesses for the coming smart society, we proactively implemented R&D activities with R&D expenses of 3.7 billion yen in fiscal 2019.
Aichi Steel’s targets for fiscal 2020, the final year of our Medium-term Management Plan, are consolidated net sales of 250 billion yen or higher, consolidated operating profits of 20 billion yen or higher, and ROE of 8% or higher. However, the spread of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) had had a severe negative impact on business, which makes it highly unlikely that we will achieve these targets.
On the other hand, we were financially healthy at the end of fiscal 2019, with a debt-equity ratio of 0.38, capital adequacy ratio of 55.16%, and an “A” rating from the Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. Despite ROE for fiscal 2019 being 5.6%, which was higher than the previous year, it is still lower than our target for fiscal 2020, so we consider earnings capacity to be an important issue in the future.
Going forward, we will further improve our earnings capacity through efforts to strengthen our Groupwide management with Genryou Management, through business expansion and strategies that utilize our DNA as a materials manufacturer to drive component development in an integrated forging with steel making process, and through commercialization of new businesses.
3. Working to achieve growth strategies (Vision 2030)
This year, we formulated Vision 2030 (see pages 17–18) with a focus on CASE technologies and other
elements of the major transition that the automotive industry is currently going through. We also clarified initiatives for our various internal functions to implement, and the resources that will be required to achieve those initiatives, in order to achieve our three management guidelines: Contribution to a sustainable global environment; Creation of a prosperous society through business reform; and Employee happiness and corporate development.
Going forward, we will make a range of investments in growth to dramatically reform our business model mix and contribute to the global environment and society. While increasing our ratio of expenditure on improvements in areas such as reengineering for 2030 and beyond, new business fields and capacity enhancement, our capital expenditure will actively target improvements to the global environment and employee workplaces, and enhancement of ESG management, including investing in reducing CO2 emissions and enriching tangible efforts to further expand the functions of our development divisions.
We will also focus our research and development activities on developing high value-added products by utilizing our potential as a materials manufacturer, actively creating new businesses, and expanding the potential of manufacturing. The key to the success of these growth investments is how appropriately we can distribute our limited resources, but we also have to proceed carefully after thorough examination of the effects on profitability, risk and financial health.
With Aichi Steel approaching a period of considerable turbulence, our role in the Corporate Planning Headquarters is to clarify milestones in future medium-term and annual management plans based on Vision 2030, and to secure and invest resources in a timely and effective manner while accurately monitoring the progress of each new project.
4. Financial management in COVID-19 times
As part of our response to the spread of COVID-19, we aim to ensure the health and safety of our employees while making every effort to avoid inconveniencing our customers’ operations.
We have no way of knowing how long the current
tough business environment will continue, but to minimize any subsequent negative impact from the pandemic, we will respond little by little as the situation changes. This response will include creating more efficient operations through initiatives such as consolidating equipment and concentrating production, and getting ready for a smooth transition when production picks up again. We will also implement as many initiatives as possible to improve profits by reducing overtime expenses through workstyle reform and reducing other expenses through zero-based budgeting.
In terms of finances, we believe ensuring capital liquidity is our greatest challenge. For this reason, we are obtaining regular updates of our financial situation, including our subsidiaries, and ensuring the Group’s internal financing system is functioning properly. We are also implementing responses that include enhancing inventory management, obtaining early financing, and establishing flexible bank credit facilities.
5. Shareholder returns
Respect for shareholder profits is an important management policy at Aichi Steel. While striving to enrich and strengthen our corporate structures, we are working to increase corporate value and enhance our dividend policy by systematically expanding our businesses. Following this policy, we aim to achieve a consolidated payout ratio of 30% for our dividends while maintaining the internal reserves necessary for future business expansion and taking full consideration of our business performance, financial condition and payout ratios. In line with our policy detailed above, the annual dividend paid for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, was 130 yen per share.
To achieve Vision 2030, we will steadily implement these measures and meet the expectations of our stakeholders through appropriate and timely disclosure of financial information.
  45 AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 46
 
 Materiality ■ Priority Issue 6
Key Financial Data (11-year summary)
(Million yen)
 FY2009
174,278
4,313
2.48 3,906 3,729 6,625
3.80
8,163 13,370 2,531
6.40 2.87
242,350 112,376 107,487
44.35 78,722 0.73
19,427 -8,288 3,717
337.69 5,478.53 80.5 25.2
4,282
FY2010
215,453
14,072
6.53 12,873 11,948 15,205 7.06
20,528 12,475 2,776
13.45 6.30
240,217 123,671 118,682
49.41 57,773 0.49
19,787 -17,445 -22,848
774.89 6,044.28 100 12.9
4,351
FY2011
227,478
8,458
3.72 7,925 7,884 4,246
1.87
10,649 14,447 3,337
3.55 1.76
241,951 126,111 120,786
49.92 58,983 0.49
11,164 -14,067 -741
216.21 6,148.61 100 46.3
4,406
FY2012
217,279
7,332
3.37 7,929 7,768 4,898
2.25
10,272 12,840 3,597
3.96 2.04
238,165 132,436 126,323
53.04 51,243 0.41
27,757 -11,867 -10,198
249.37 6,430.50 100 40.1
4,504
FY2013
237,420
9,627
4.05 9,810 9,779 5,503
2.32
12,930 12,355 3,471
4.17 2.23
255,259 144,965 137,592
53.90 52,046 0.38
14,992 -11,993 -1,911
279.94 6,995.84 100 35.7
4,613
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
Profitability
99,599 107,352 109,217
13,820 14,786 14,627
3,191 3,123 3,290
10,616 5,883 7,218 11,813 11,119
5,653 8,006 9,245
845 2,747 1,057
237 348 -39
482 710 856
4.41 2.75 3.39 5.00 4.32
11,141 5,835 6,863 11,774 11,324
10,693 1,409 8,045 12,371 10,455
FY2019
  Profit and loss
 240,647 214,120 212,837 236,237 257,315
96,225 110,974 130,180
242,262
121,899
102,018
14,865
3,477
13,901
8,970
3,329
606
994
5.74
13,776
13,158
8,543
3.53
  Capital expenditures and R&D expenses
 20,068
15,884
3,758
   5.56
2.99
  Assets, liabilities and capital
 280,380
163,691
154,647
55.16
59,445
0.38
  Cash flows
 36,308
-24,517
-3,290
  Investment indicators
 434.05
7,857.00
130
30.0
  Non-financial information
 4,912
  Net sales Segment:
Hagane Company Kitaeru Company Smart Company Other businesses
      Operating profit
Segment: Hagane Company
Kitaeru Company Smart Company Other businesses
Operating profit margin (%)
Ordinary profit
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Profit margin attributable to owners of parent (%)
6,023 2.50
12,752 11,833 3,538
4.14 2.33
264,694 161,669 153,316
57.92 44,915 0.29
19,336 -13,565 -10,158
306.25 7,794.08 100 32.7
4,617
20 0.01
15,408 12,692 3,282
0.01 0.01
251,078 147,534 139,344
55.50 37,447 0.27
25,193 -12,122 -9,466
1.02 7,080.24 100 —
4,654
5,084 2.39
20,831 12,353 3,304
3.60 1.95
271,763 151,273 143,024
52.63 54,598 0.38
13,350 -19,677 15,231
258.34 7,266.42 100 38.7
4,773
8,182 3.46
19,020 13,818 3,777
5.55 2.99
275,315 160,806 151,891
55.17 47,317 0.31
13,164 -20,954 -9,509
415.71 7,716.77 120 28.9
4,847
6,503 2.53
20,914 14,423 3,992
4.27 2.30
290,294 161,889 152,638
52.58 59,618 0.39
13,580 -19,765 9,035
330.38 7,754.80 120 36.3
4,957
          Capital Expenditures Depreciation Expenses R&D expenses
Return on equity (ROE) (%) Return on assets (ROA) (%)
Total assets
Net assets
Capital adequacy
Capital adequacy ratio (%) Interest bearing debt Debt-equity ratio (Ratio)
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities
Net profit per share (Yen) Net assets per share (Yen) Dividends per share (Yen) Payout ratio (%)
Employees (Persons)
              47
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 48
*1 *2
Every 10 shares in the Company were consolidated into one share effective of October 1, 2016. Net profit per share, net assets per share, and dividends per share were calculated in anticipation of this share consolidation at the beginning of fiscal 2009.
The ASBJ Statement No. 28, Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting (February 16, 2018) came into force at the beginning of fiscal 2018. The key management indicators for FY2014, FY2015, FY2016 and FY2017 represent retrospective application of this accounting standard.
Indicators and other information for FY2009, FY2010, FY2011, FY2012 and FY2013 remain as they were prior to application of this accounting standard.

 Highlight
Financial Highlights
Non-financial Highlights
Net sales
Operating profit and operating profit margin
Total CO2 emissions ■■ Total CO2 emissions
E Production volume
(Thousand t-CO2/year)
(Thousand tons)
1,600 1,347 1,400
Companywide material balance of PRTR substances
750 700 650 600
1,520 680.3
1,366 636.0
1,447
669.2
1,502
681.1
Website
   (Billion yen) 300
    250
    200
    150
    100
(Billion yen)
20 15 10
Operating profit Operating profit margin
(%)
6
4
2
1,176
603.0
633.0
1,200
11 t
Waste (transferred)
Atmospheric emissions
      236.2
257.3
242.2
1,000 00
70,049 t
Chemicals in raw materials and secondary materials
58,644 t
Steel and other products (consumed)
 214.1 212.8
2005 2015
2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY)
  Environmental
Website
Base year Waste sent directly to landfill
7 t
Discharge to waters
9,397 t
(Thousand tons)
15 10
Waste sent indirectly to landfill (Thousand tons)
  13.2
30
25.5
  5 000
5.1 4.7
5.3
20 5 10
Waste recycling rate
Percentage of ISO 14001-certified subsidiaries 91
      50
Net assets and ROE
1.3 1.0
%
%
3.4 1.5 00
3.0 3.3 3.2
2000 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
99.1
  2000 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) Base year
Base year
  2015 2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY)
2015 2016
Total assets and ROA
2017
2.99
2018
2.30
2019 (FY)
4 (Proportion of all managers 1%) Changes in employment of persons
with disabilities
  (Billion yen)
300
200
147.5
100
0
2015
Net assets ROE
3.60 151.2
2016
(%)
6
4
2
(Billion yen)
600
400
200
(%)
3
2
1
(Persons) 100 100 100 (%)
2,592 2,663 2,687 10 12 10 10 100 60 52 55 59 6
5.55 5.56 4.27
(%)
8.2 8 2,466
(Persons) (%)
Total assets ROA
1.95
■■ Female Percentage of female employees
■■ Employees started Employees returned ■■ Persons employed Employment rate
S ■■ Male (Persons)
Changes in childcare leave
Diversity
Changes in number of employees
Women in management positions
    2.99
3,000 2,000 1,000
0
               8.0
7 40 50
4
2.75 Statutory employment rate
2
0
(FY)
 7.3
    Social
2,401 2,451
191 212 2210 0
20 0 0
2.5
2.6
   160.8
2017
161.8
2018
163.6
2019
4
    5 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2017
2018
2019
(FY)
2017
2018
2019
     251.0
271.7
275.3 290.2 280.3
         0.
01
0.01
000
■■ Annual working hours (Hours)
3,000
2,177
■■ Days taken (Days)
Usage rate
■■ Social contribution expenditure
Number of volunteers
(Persons)
12,000
9,000
6,000 0
(FY)
Workstyles
Changes in employee annual working hours
Social contribution
Changes in days of paid leave taken
Social contribution expenditure and number of volunteers
                   Interest bearing debt and debt-equity ratio
2,000 1,000 0
2,139 2,050
2018 2019 (FY)
12.7
63.5
2017
13.3 66.5
2018
93.01
7
160.63
9,175
2018
124.76 9,904
2019
(FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
Profits attributable to owners of parent and net profit per share
(FY)
(Yen)
500
250
15 10 5 0
Number of 6 Number of outside
13.6 68.0
2019
(%)
100
50
0
(Million yen)
180
90
0
2017
   (Billion yen)
100 80 60 40 20
Interest bearing debt
Debt-equity ratio (Ratio)
0.5 0.4 0.3 0.2 0.1
(Billion yen)
15
10
5
Profits attributable to owners of parent Net profit per share
   2017
(FY)
     0.27 37.4
54.5
59.6 59.4 47.3
0.38
0.39
0.38
415.71
434.05
Governance
Security
Compliance
,276
  0.31
      258.34 8.1 5.0
330.38 8.5 6.5
 G
Governance
2
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board 4 Members
(of which, 2 outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Number of times security
training held
Number of compliance training classes
   directors
Number of meetings Attendance rate at meetings
12
23
directors
    (incl. 1 woman)
      49
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 50
0000
0 1.02
of the Board
of Director 13
of Directors 98.9 %
Number of serious information
security incidents 0
Number of reporting and consultation incidents 8
of the Board
  2015 2016 2017 2018
2019 (FY)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
5.00
11.8 3.39
5.74
   13.9 11.1
 4.32
  2.75
 7.2
5.8
  
 Released: August 2020
Primary contact: General Affairs & Public Relations Div.
1, Wanowari, Arao-machi, Tokai-shi, Aichi 476-8666, Japan Tel: +81-52-603-9216
Fax: +81-52-603-1835 https://www.aichi-steel.co.jp/ENGLISH/index.html
 