Materiality ■ Priority Issue 2 Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe 
and comfortable to improve employee happiness 

SocS 
"Jikotei Kanketsu" training 
To improve employee productivity, as part of our efforts to maximize ability and performance, we are conducting “Jikotei Kanketsu” training for team leaders. “Jikotei Kanketsu” is a work approach that emphasizes high-quality work 
Procedure 
P Plan (steps) D Do(ateveryimportant 
ial 
training, we are able to teach the appropriate approach and concrete steps. With the aim of increasing motivation among team members and maximizing performance through efficient work practices, we will continue efforts to teach the “Jikotei Kanketsu” approach going forward. 
knowledge learning and practical skills acquisition. Trainee proficiency is confirmed through written tests, and determinations of whether trainees have reached a level that can be used in practical work are confirmed through presentations on examples of improvements and on-site monitoring. Trainees who pass receive ranked certification. With Rank C training starting in fiscal 2016, Rank B in fiscal 2017, and Rank A in fiscal 2020, we are continuing to expand training activities. 
By having all skilled workers undergo this training, a culture of asking “why?” will be created and the handing down of technology and skills to successors will be encouraged. 

Prio2 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to create a strong organization by maximizing the potential of individuals through the creation of environments in which diverse human resources can play an active role. This includes not only consideration of a wide variety of anti-discrimination human rights involving nationality, language, culture, age and gender, but also encompasses women, seniors, people with disabilities, and those combining work with child-raising or care-giving. 
SDGs relevance 
rity Issue 
 
with an prevent 
efficient arrangement of errors and avoid redos. 
steps to Through 
C A 
point, check, confidently call “Done!” and proceed) 
Check (reflect on work process and look for problems) 
Act (pass on your knowledge to the next person) 

Respect for human rights and creation of comfortable workplaces Website 
Specialized technical training 
Since August 2016, we have been providing specialized technical training for all skilled workers in forging plants to provide systematic training on the knowledge and skills needed at those plants. To raise understanding of the purpose and necessity of each task, and lead to “Kaizen,” the roles of skilled workers, from the fundamentals of manufacturing to the essentials of the facilities that create products and measures for dealing with abnormalities, are divided into three ranks and the training is organized so that workers learn in steps. (The ranks are Rank C for up to five years after joining the company, Rank B for up to 10 years after joining the company, and Rank A for first-level supervisors). The hands-on training combines 
Number of times held (total) 
Initiatives toward respect for human rights 
The Aichi Steel Group states in the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines that it will comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations both in letter and in spirit, and that it will respect human rights, and sets out behavioral standards for this. 
Through level-based training and other educational opportunities, we cultivate a corporate culture in which the diversity of each employee is respected. A new Harassment Prevention Committee has been established and workplace study sessions are held with the goal of preventing workplace harassment. The Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline is also in place for use by employees with issues regarding human rights. This system enables employees to consult directly with advising legal representatives. 
■ Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline flowchart 
52 
Number of participants (total) 
285 

Aichi Steel employees 
Suppliers 
 
Promotion of more active roles for women in the workplace 
Aichi Steel considers the promotion of diversity to be an important part of its management strategy, and as part of that is strengthening measures to promote more active roles for women. We continue to proactively hire more female employees, setting goals for the percentage of female hires among regular university hires. We have also developed working from home and career design training for female employees to consider their careers. In this way, we are advancing initiatives to support women in developing their skills. As part of our culture and awareness reform, we are providing education to our managers on the prevention of harassment and we have established a Harassment Consulting Center to help create an environment where employees can balance work with family-life and child-raising duties. 
Post-retirement reemployment system 
We have in place a Manager Reemployment System and a Nice Senior System, which in principle allow all employees who wish to work after retirement to continue working until they begin receiving their pensions. To make work more enjoyable for our older employees, we are also creating workplaces that are easier to work in and we are reassessing employee benefits. 
Promotion of employment for people with disabilities 
We have employees with disabilities working in a range of workplaces, from our manufacturing sites to administrative divisions. To enable them to remain at work, it is important to not only provide the appropriate work support but to provide them with work that suits their individual abilities, so at the time of recruitment, we follow a program of practical training and interviews to decide where to assign them. With the majority of people with disabilities working at Aichi Steel being those with intellectual impairments, we hold seminars aimed at developing their capabilities and workshops aimed at helping them acquire internal qualifications as part of continued support to provide them with rewarding careers. We are also systematically training and allocating Vocational Life Consultants for Persons with Disabilities and Job Coaches to provide work-related coaching to develop workplaces where all employees can enjoy working together. 
▲Workshops for employees with intellectual impairments are held four times per year. Study sessions and leisure activities not only enable these employees to acquire the knowledge required to work, but also provide them with the opportunity to network with fellow employees. 
■ Number of lost time accidents and lost time frequency rate 
We prioritize mental health and lifestyle-related disease prevention, and systematically implement relevant initiatives. As a result, we were recognized for the first time by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and Tokyo Stock Exchange under the 2020 Health & Productivity Stock Selection Program. We were also recognized for the third consecutive year as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization (White 500 category), in a program adopted by METI and 
Nippon Kenko Kaigi. We continue to maintain and promote the health of our employees, which is a priority issue for the company. 
Mental health activities 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to maintain the mental health of its employees and prevent the development of mental issues, through various educational programs and individualized mental health care based on the results of stress check tests. 
We have also provided advice to workplaces that were determined to be at high risk for mental health based on analysis of these results. 
In addition, we are enhancing management of risks associated with mental illness in the workplace through regular workplace inspections by mental health staff and regular meetings to share information with labor management staff from the Human Resources Division. 
Going forward, we will continue working with supervisors to promote the creation of open workplaces that enable free discussion, to prevent the development of mental issues, and enable early detection of issues and early provision of care. 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 26 
Contact point 
Internal 
General Affairs & Public Relations Div. 
Auditor 
External 
Legal representatives 
Report (can be anonymous) 
President/Committees 
Feedback of outcome 
Collaboration 
Report 

Investigation team 
(Investigation/interviews) 

Employee safety and health 
Website 
Efforts to eliminate lost time accidents 
We have been conducting activities based on three pillars of safety with the aim of eliminating lost time accidents. 
We are also improving safety management by improving communication with operators in the factory, listening to problems related to work issues, and implementing “Kaizen” improvements. 
Health promotion efforts 

Initiatives toward diversity 
Website 

(1) Safety management: Searching for intrinsic safety, pursuing the true causes of accidents, and implementing countermeasures 
(2) Development of safety-conscious human resource: 
Training to improve awareness through an “anzen dojo training” program, and reflecting on the January 8 accident and teaching company traditions at the “Denshinkan Education Center” 
(3) Creation of safe worksites: Implementing preventive measures for workplace-specific accidents 

(Cases) 
5 4 3 2 1 0 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
(%) 
0.75 
0.50 
0.25 
0.00 
(FY) 

0.66 
   
25 
Human resources development 
Website 
Number of lost time accidents 
Lost time frequency rate 
0.45 0.45 0.45 

0.16 0.16 0.15 0.15 
  
Number of lost time accidents 
Lost time frequency rate 
Correction/management 
Person/division concerned 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 3 Create a prosperous society through business 
reform and provide extremely competitive products 
SocS 
 
ial 
Corporate Office 
With four Headquarters providing groupwide checks and balances of Company operations, we will provide support to manufacturing with the support of the Companies. In January 2020, we split our Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters into a Research and Development Headquarters and a Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters to increase the speed of commercialization for development projects and to strengthen ties with the Companies. 
Companies 
Each Company has manufacturing and production technology development functions for their businesses. Through the strong leadership and decision-making speed of Company Presidents, we will further strengthen our manufacturing capabilities. With the addition of the Stainless Steel Company, which split from the Hagane Company, we have been operating under a four Company structure since April 2020 to meet the needs of our customers and drive greater profitability. 
In 2017, Aichi Steel introduced an in-house company system comprising three Companies and three Headquarters. To maintain steady growth in a rapidly changing social environment, we evolved this system into four Companies and four Headquarters in 2020 and started operating under an enhanced organizational structure. Going forward, we will focus on better manufacturing, better talent, and better management of the organization as we actively pursue Vision 2030. 
A New Organizational Structure 
Prio3 
rity Issue 
President 
Division under direct control 
Companies 
Safety & Environmental Div. Quality Assurance Div. Audit Dept. 
Corporate Office 
■ Corporate Planning Headquarters Corporate Planning Div., IT Management Div., General Affairs & Public Relations Div., Human Resources Div., Finance & Accounting Div. Functions: Enhancing corporate functions and optimizing management resources 
■ Marketing & Sales Headquarters Sales and Planning Div., Toyota Sales Div., Tokyo Office, Nagoya Office, Osaka Office Functions: Enhancing marketing through customer and product focuses 
■ Research and Development Headquarters Technology Management Div., Frontier Research and Development Div. Products Development Div., Material Testing Technology Div., Silicon Valley Office Functions: Developing new products, and providing development support through planning and promotion, and materials testing 
■ Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters Purchasing Div., Production Control Div., Facility Engineering Div. Functions: Planning, procurement and production support for manufacturing 
stainless steels and engineering 
Becoming the leading manufacturer of specialty 
steels to contribute to the development of a mobility society 
Hagane 
Company 
Manufacture of steel products and development of related production technologies 


Evolving from a hot-forged product manufacturer into a 
components and finished product manufacturer 
Kitaeru 
Company 
Manufacture of forged products and development of related production technologies 

Providing safety and security to people around the world 
through materials and technologies 
Smart 
Company 
Sale and manufacture of electronic components, magnetic materials and other functional products for the next generation, and 
development of related production technologies 

27 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 28 
