Materiality ■ Priority Issue 4 Strengthen Relationships with Local 
Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society 
SocS 
Green (planting and environmental conservation) 
Twice every year, students of the Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute plant flowers in the roundabout in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station, the station nearest our offices, as one of our activities to clean the neighborhood. 
▲Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute students planting greenery on the roundabout in front of Shurakuen Station 
Creative (education, culture) 
Launched in 2010 to mark the 70th anniversary of our founding, every year we visit schools to present a “Lesson about Iron” to students. The project, which is in its tenth year, aims to teach 
ial 
 
The Aichi Steel Group seeks prosperous coexistence with surrounding communities, is conscious of its role as a “good corporate citizen,” and is actively involved with the local community. We place importance on communication through our social contribution activities and other efforts, and by gaining the trust of communities and understanding of our business activities, we strive to be a company that is continually welcomed in the community. 
SDGs relevance 
Prio4rity Issue Social contribution activities 
elementary school fifth graders about the local industry of Tokai City, the largest iron-producing region in central Japan. Through a lesson called “Making Magnets,” we offer a fun way for local elementary school students to experience manufacturing. 
Activity promotion system 
■ Changes in the number of volunteers in social contribution activities (cumulative) 
Volunteer support Website Established in 1993, the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund continued to donate to local social welfare 
organizations and volunteer groups near our company, and to provide support after the Kumamoto Earthquake. It also provided support to areas affected by Typhoon Hagibis in 2019. Another voluntary and ongoing program that employees can participate in is the “one-coin” donation program, where they donate 100 yen from their pays every month. 
Using paid leave and welfare leave, employees also launched a new initiative in fiscal 2019, visiting child welfare facilities on weekdays. 
volunteers 
In pursuit of harmonious coexistence and co-prosperity, Aichi Steel 10,000 promotes community-oriented activities focused around four key words: 9,000 
“clean,” “green,” “creative” and “volunteerism.” The Volunteer Center, located in the General Affairs & Public Relations 7,000 
9,175 9,904 
with the aim of supporting employee volunteer activities. It also plans smaller-scale volunteer activities which employees can participate in, and encourages them to experience volunteering for themselves. 
5,000 
Creative lessons 
schools, 
classes 
12 
34 
“One-coin” donation 
593 
 
8,000 Division, provides information and promotes educational activities 6,000 
6,629 5,914 
7,276 
■ Support for disaster-affected areas 
■ Lunchtime volunteer activities 
   
4,000 During fiscal 2019, we increased participation in activities, and set 3,000 
a new record for the number of participants, through efforts such as an increased number of activities to promote harmony with nature, expanding the sale of bakery goods from welfare facilities across the Aichi Steel Group, and introducing a cafe menu at our lunch room and 9,904 recreation hall with foods that support regional recovery. 
Clean (beautification, safety, security) 
▲Local specialties from areas affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake on sale at plant open days and other events 
▲Special menu in support of regional recovery 
▲Typhoon Hagibis Relief Fund (Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund) 
▲Lunchtime volunteering activity to separate fabric from collected ties (Kariya Plant) 
Number of volunteers in FY2019 
2,000 
2015 
2016 
2017 
(729 person increase year-on-year) 
2018 2019 
(FY) 
In addition to holding the “Nearby roads clean-up campaign” every two months to help clean our neighborhoods, we have been holding Clean Aichi Day every October since 2009, together with employees of domestic and overseas subsidiaries, as one of Aichi Steel's CSR Enhancement Month activities. 
We also conduct traffic safety awareness activities as a responsible manufacturer in the automobile industry. One of those activities is “Zero Day” safety patrols that each site continues to conduct. 
Interaction with the community 
Events and participation 
We hold community meetings in the cities of Tokai (February) and Kariya (December), where we promote exchanges with residents of the local communities and actively participate in a variety of local volunteer activities. We also support activities involving festivals, sports days and other local events in the communities surrounding our sites, and dispatch employees to assist with the operation of those events. We also invite local residents to events held at our headquarters and plants, and work to encourage interaction with our employees. 
    
37 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 38 
