Materiality ■ Priority Issue 5 G Increase Compliance Awareness Globally, and 
Strengthen Corporate Sustainability 
Prio5rity Issue The Aichi Steel Group is undertaking measures to further ensure governance and compliance, enhance awareness of legal compliance, and conduct sound business activities worldwide. We are also revising our management structure and conducting thorough employee training to quickly address risks. 
Compliance promotion system 
We aim to be a trusted company through the protection of human rights and compliance with laws and regulations, and by respecting public decency. To enhance the overall compliance of our Group, the Corporate Planning Committee—headed by the Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager—sets and reviews compliance policies on a regular basis. 
Based on our internal rules and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, we strive to improve our compliance with laws and regulations as well as our social common sense. We enhance employee awareness by distributing the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, and compliance manuals. 
Whistle-blowing system 
In fiscal 2019, a total of 8 cases were reported to the Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline, the company's whistle-blowing system. 
We will continue taking corrective measures when necessary and inform the president of important matters for confirmation. We will also specify in the Code of Corporate Ethics how the system is operated and rules on the protection of whistle-blowers to ensure that whistle-blowers are protected. We will also continue promoting recognition and awareness of our whistle-blowing system among employees to further improve our internal ability to 8govern ourselves. 

Governance 
Compliance promotion system 
Person responsible or legal 
compliance 
SDGs relevance 
    
Basic approach to corporate governance 
The goal of Aichi Steel is to contribute to sustainable development of the Earth and society through sound corporate activities. With this in mind, we aim to manage our company in a way that always enjoys extensive trust of our shareholders, investors and society by establishing and maintaining an organization capable of responding swiftly to 
Corporate governance structure 
Aichi Steel uses an Audit & Supervisory Board. This system concentrates authority and responsibility for business execution to the Board of Directors, as the ultimate body for management decision making, and assigns the role of audit and supervision of the Board of Directors to the Audit & Supervisory Board and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, which are independent of the Board of Directors and business execution. We believe this system achieves appropriate management decisions and execution of duties while providing sufficient organizational checks and 
Corporate governance system diagram 
changes in business environments and a fair and transparent management system. 
We also fully comply with the Corporate Governance Code, and submit a report regarding disclosure to the Tokyo Stock Exchange. We review our compliance status once a year and make amendments or changes as required. 
balances. We employ two independent outside directors and two 
outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members, with extensive experience and broad insights as managers, who supervise and audit the execution of duties of the directors, and we develop systems that function effectively to ensure objectivity and neutrality of management oversight. 
Internally, we also develop and properly operate systems to ensure the appropriateness of our operations in line with the Internal Control System Basic Policy. 
Changes in whistle-blowing cases 
Contactpoint ■GeneralAffairs&PublicRelationsDiv. (Cases) ■Audit & Supervisory Board Member ■Lawyer 
       
cases 
To enhance the compliance awareness of employees, we provide education on compliance to all employees. The importance of compliance is also covered in the Action Guidelines workshop held for those promoted to each level within the organization. In addition, other corporate scandal case studies are reported to the Compliance Liaison Meeting to help prevent the recurrence of similar compliance incidents. 
We also hold CSR seminars on preventing harassment, and on-site compliance training at each plant for the purpose of preventing crime and harassment. 
Fair transactions with suppliers 
14 12 10 
8 6 4 2 0 
2015 2016 
2017 2018 2019 

Appoints/Dismisses 
Board of Directors 
Shareholder's Meeting 
Appoints/Dismisses 
Reports to Reports to 
Appoints/Dismisses 
Accounting Audit Team 
participants (8 levels) Compliance Liaison 
Compliance promotion activities 
Level-based training 
230 1CSR Seminar 
On-site compliance training (crime and harassment prevention) 
(Oct, Nov) 
We periodically hold Business Regulations, Procurement Edition seminars to improve compliance with the Subcontracting Act, which is closely connected to our procurement transactions, and to avoid breaches of the act that is easy to fall foul of. 
Meeting 
(FY) 
   
Audits 
4 10 
Audit & Supervisory Board 
Audits 
time (Jan) (Apr, Jul, Oct, Dec) 
    
Inquiry 
Response 
Evaluates the appropriateness of the account audit 
times locations 

Officer Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
Audits 

Makes decisions/Supervises Appoints/Dismisses 

President 
Instructs/Supervises 
  
Internal Audit Depts. 
Audits 
Reports to 
Makes proposals to/Reports to 
Instructs/Supervises 
 
Companies/Headquarters/Departments 
Reports to Advises/Aids 
Group Companies 
Instructs/Supervises Makes decisions / Approves 
Compliance 
Website 

Corporate Planning f Committee 
Chair: Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager 
Members: Directors, executive officers, Audit & Supervisory Board Members 
  
39 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 40 
12 
13 
Director in charge of General Affairs & Public Relations Div. 

Compliance Liaison Meeting 
General Legal Compliance Site Various 
General Affairs & departments Public Relations Div. 
Persons in charge of compliance 
  
5 
10 

8 
     
Management Committee 
(Deliberation of critical issues, etc.) 
Executive committees 
Each division 
Departmental person responsible for legal compliance 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 5 Risk Management 
Risk management system 
We have established internal rules, such as risk management rules and disaster prevention rules, and have established a risk management system, so that if we face or predict a serious risk, we can take prompt and appropriate action and ensure sound business operation. 
Information security 
Information security promotion system 
Recognizing the importance of information security management, and in compliance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG), we have established internal structures, provided employees with information and education on rules and regulations, and conduct inspections and so on. 
The Risk Management Department conducts security inspections to ensure that there are no issues with external email, that employees do not carelessly take internal information outside the office, or that USB memory, cameras, and other devices are handled properly. Along with enhanced checking functionality in the system, we are further enhancing our confidentiality management structure to also provide advice from experts. 
We have applied the ATSGs at all Group companies, and are enhancing information security across the entire Aichi Steel Group. 
Information security promotion system 
Management system and roles of each department 
Information security guidelines 
We, for security controls and to prevent leakages of personal information, have established rules regarding the procedures for handling documents and data, sending and receipt of email, and management standards and procedures for computers and peripheral devices. 
Examples of rules: • Document control rules • Information security control rules • Information disclosure rules • Private information protection rules, etc. 
We carefully handle and strictly control any information held by the Company or by any Group company, and any information obtained from our customers, suppliers or employees, etc., in accordance with our internal rules. 
Definition of Confidential Information 
All information, products, and facilities, regardless of form, designated as subject to restrictions on disclosure by the confidentiality management supervisor specified under the information security system. Confidential information regarding other companies obtained through proper means is also included. 
Information security awareness and education 
Through our CSR meetings, management receives updates on current Group information security management levels, as well as issues and ongoing efforts, ensuring a common awareness of information security as a management issue. For employees, a check is conducted using an "information security checklist" for every employee using a personal computer in their day-to-day work, regarding handling of information devices and various related rules. Based on those results, staff responsible for education in each department, along with department heads, provide individual instruction. 
We also present public incidents of information leaks in a news format, and issue company-wide alerts when a computer virus or another malicious program is discovered in the Company, in order to raise awareness of security controls. 
Number of times security 12 training held 

Risk management education 
We have newly developed a curriculum for “risk management” designed for training of all job classes, where we explain how risk management is positioned and emphasized in CSR, and we include actual cases of crisis at Aichi Steel to heighten employees' risk awareness and ensure they understand what to do to prevent crisis occurrence/recurrence and what initial response to take when a crisis occurs. 
As a result of the accident on January 8, 2016, we have 
declared January 8 to be Start Over Day at Aichi Steel to raise awareness of our commitment, confirmed by everyone at Aichi Steel, to preventing such an accident from recurring. We have also established a permanent Denshinkan Education Center to teach and pass on to the next generation the lessons learned from the accident and our other failures, and have started providing special safety training to all employees. 
 
Disaster prevention and risk mitigation measures 
We established the Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee through which we are developing disaster prevention measures in the event of an earthquake in the Nankai Trough. 
2019 was the 60th anniversary of Typhoon Vera, so we also re-examined our response to frequent wind and water damage over recent years. From February 2020, we have been dealing with the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19). 
The main actions implemented to mitigate risk during fiscal 2019 are detailed below. 
Overall control 
Administrative Depts. 
Director in charge of General Affairs & Public Relations Div. •Person responsible for confidentiality management 
General Affairs & Public Relations Div. and IT Management Div. •Creates and revises measures related to the management of 
confidential information •Audits and provides guidance according to the confidentiality 
management status across the entire company •Manages systems (both technical and human aspects) 
Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee 
(General Administration Office: General Affairs & Public Relations Div.) 
  
Human Safety Subcommittee (Office: Human Resources Div.) 
Role Specify actions to Mission protect lives 
 
Role Maintain building Mission and facilities to 
protect lives 
 
In each department 
Role 
•Assumes all responsibility for confidential information within the division 
•Designates people in charge of confidentiality management 
•Has the final say in confidentiality classification •Designates employees authorized to create 
top-secret documents •Implements self-auditing of confidentiality 
management status •Establishes rules for the division 
•Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor (Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division) 
•Works to promote and fully establish confidentiality management in the division 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management 
•Gives approval, instructions, and guidance related to confidential information used in their location 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management •Reports accidents, damage, illegal acts and 
wrongdoing to his/her superior 

Confidentiality management supervisor (General managers of individual divisions) 

41 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 42 
■ Companywide disaster drills 
We plan and conduct companywide disaster drills twice a year. In fiscal 2019, we conducted the following drills in May and November. 
■ Response to novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) To respond appropriately to this constantly changing 
situation, we launched an Emergency Control Headquarters as soon as COVID-19 started spreading in Japan. 
This cross-company organization continually collects information from inside and outside the company, reviews internal operations, adjusts production, and works to maintain business continuity. We have also established a Support Center to support employees when they experience difficulties. It is implementing the following measures and providing support to prevent the spread of the disease among employees. (These are just some examples.) 
The chairman and president have launched a program of on-site disaster preparedness inspections with the aim of improving disaster preparedness in each plant. 
Confidentiality management person (Manager, who is the person in charge of compliance, designated by the general manager) 

	1.	Evacuation drills for all employees (assuming a large tsunami warning after an earthquake)  
	2.	Information sharing by members of the companywide Emergency Control Headquarters (assuming typhoons and other natural disasters other than earthquakes)  
	3.	Disaster preparedness seminar by external crisis management consultant  

Representative managers, etc. 

Employees 

■ Inspections of disaster preparedness of plants by chairman and president 
Facility Safety Subcommittee (Office: Facility Engineering Div.) 
		●  Providing masks from reserves (Japanese and overseas subsidiaries, employees)  
		●  Changing workstyles to prevent infection (changing means of commuting, working from home, reducing business trips, etc.)  
		●  Procuring additional supplies of personal protective equipment (protective gowns, hand sanitizer, masks, etc.)  
 

Materiality ■ Priority Issue 5 Messages from Outside Directors 
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members 
   
Koichi Yasui 
Outside Director 
Q1. What is your impression of Aichi Steel? 
Aichi Steel is a globally expanding and growing company. It has successfully implanted the Aichi Way into the minds of its employees who put it into practice conscientiously, and who work hard toward shared goals through a strong unifying force. I believe this is largely as a result of its culture of care and respect for employees as demonstrated by its recognition both under the Health & Productivity Stock Selection Program and as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization, and by the signing of a Labor-Management Agreement. 
Q2. What do you think of your own role as an outside director? 
As a member of management in the past, I always tried to personally visit the front lines of gas supply and sales to see and confirm situations with my own eyes. Even as an outside director, I visit those sites as much as possible to get direct access to the ideas and thoughts of the people working there. I am therefore fully aware of the background and facts behind each situation. 
I believe my role is to apply my past experiences, knowledge and expertise to continually question management, to discuss any concerns I might have, and to provide support at all other times. 
Takahiro Fujioka 
President Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) 
Naohiro Yasunaga 
Director and Managing Executive Officer General Manager, Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters 
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) Koichi Yasui 
Outside Director Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
12 of 13 (92%) Hiroaki Chino 
Audit & Supervisory Board Member Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
10 of 10 (100%) Koichi Ito 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) 
Motoshi Nakamura 
Executive Vice President Kitaeru Company President 
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) Katsunori Kojima 
Director and Managing Executive Officer Smart Company President 
New Yuko Arai 
Outside Director Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) Takashi Goto 
Audit & Supervisory Board Member Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) Katsuyuki Ogura 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 
13 of 13 (100%) 
Q3. What issues do you see, and what expectations do you have, in relation to sustainable 
growth at Aichi Steel? 
With the development of CASE technologies and changing social needs for mobility, it is a very difficult time to predict the future. At the same time, though, there are enormous opportunities for Aichi Steel to grow right now as well. To take advantage of these opportunities, it needs to create value that is unique to Aichi Steel by accurately understanding the social environment and customer needs. It can do this by relying on the unique technical capabilities it has built up as a materials manufacturer, as well as its passion of “steel” and strong spirit. I look forward to continuing sustainable growth for Aichi Steel through the supply of products that contribute to the whole industry, the whole of society, and to the global environment. 
Q1. What is your impression of Aichi Steel? 
The DNA of manufacturing at Aichi Steel has its roots in the belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.” Through the company’s culture of honesty and reliability, through the words and character of its employees, I see that DNA being passed down even today. Aichi Steel’s strengths are evident in the new innovations it produces and the high social value it provides through a combination of solid technical capabilities, built on its manufacturing tradition, and a wealth of experience. 
Q2. What do you think of your own role as an outside director? 
The airline industry and Aichi Steel have a common mission of supporting safety and security in people’s lives. I am able to bring knowledge and experience to this role, together with questions and different perspectives from my time in a different industry, which generates more meaningful discussions in meetings of the Board of Directors. 
      
I have many years of sales experience in the airline industry, so I always value direct communication and building relationships with customers. With a focus on business expansion from global and customer perspectives, and while prioritizing communication through informal meetings with employees, I want to contribute to creating a better organization and developing human resources by promoting diversity. 
Q3. What issues do you see, and what expectations do you have, in relation to sustainable 
growth at Aichi Steel? 
Good products and services are all created by people. This is why my highest priorities are eliminating unsafe practices among employees and creating safe and secure working environments. 
If Aichi Steel can also leverage the technologies and knowledge it has acquired over many years to further expand its business operations, and support many more people in their daily lives, it will be able to continue increasing corporate value into the future. Aichi Steel’s business operations now extend beyond automotive components to also include the fields of agriculture, medicine and transportation, as well as rebuilding social infrastructure. It is also developing many products for the business-to-consumer (BtoC) market. I look forward to seeing the company continue to branch out into new fields, and to maintain steady growth as a manufacturing company supporting the society of the future. 
Yuko Arai 
Outside Director 
   
43 
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 44 
