  Promoting Diversity and InclusionPromoting expanding roles of female employees
To support medium- to long-term career development for female employees and to stably produce female managers, we are proactively promoting expansion of roles for female employees including through training by job level, network formulation among employees, and measures for unconscious bias involving all employees. We will continue to promote further initiatives to achieve a ratio of female managers of 30% by April 1, 2031.
Support for balancing work and childcare/nursing care, etc.
To support employees who are engaged in childcare and nursing care while working, we are engaged in setting up and improving systems, introducing e-learning, providing online seminars, and cooperation with company-led childcare facilities, among other initiatives. In addition, we have been promoting flexible work styles by introducing remote working since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
We received “Platinum Kurumin” certification from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in recognition of these initiatives in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
LGBT-friendly
We are conducting training to deepen the understanding of polymorphous sexuality and promoting the expansion of allies who understand and support LGBT, aiming to become a LGBT- friendly company. We continue to create a working environment in which all employees can develop their talents, so that they can work with energy and vitality. (We were awarded a gold rating in the PRIDE INDEX for the fourth year in a row.)
Promoting employment for people with disabilities
We promote the employment of people with disabilities, recognizing that fairly evaluating and providing work opportunities for a diverse population is a part of our corporate social responsibility.
An attractive company that
offers self-fulfillment and job satisfaction
Improved customer satisfaction, productivity, and quality
   Securing competent human resources
Improved profitability
       Virtuous cycle under workstyle reforms
  Our trademarked LGBT ALLY logo mark
 Helping to build a diverse society by supporting wheelchair tennis
We have been supporting wheelchair tennis as a top partner of the Japan Wheelchair Tennis Association since April 2018.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we supported OHTANI Momoko, one of the world’s top wheelchair tennis players, as a member of our team. She became a full-time employee of the Company in the following year, and we continue to provide her with support. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, she achieved brilliant results including becoming the runner-up at the French Open, one of the four major tournaments.
Wheelchair Tennis player OHTANI Momoko
Annual Report 2021 35