Pledge to Regain Customers’ Trust
Since July 2019, we have refrained from making proactive sales efforts at post offices and our directly- managed offices, including during the period of the business suspension order from January to March 2020. However, the JP Reform Execution Committee assessed that the minimum necessary conditions for resuming sales activities have been met, and it has been confirmed that the purpose of operations for regaining customers’ trust is shared and ensured by employees. Accordingly, on October 5, 2020, we conducted operations aimed at regaining customers’ trust, placing top priority on apologizing to our customers. We apologized for causing customers concern, explained “Pledge to Regain Customers’ Trust,” and performed policy confirmation activities.
  Pledge for our vision
We pledge to remain close beside each and every one of our customers, giving top priority to customer satisfaction and peace of mind,and to be a company that they can trust.
Pledge for our activities
We are committed to customer-oriented business operations and providing satisfying and courteous services for customers.
We will carefully listen to feedback from customers in order to reflect it in the improvement of our services.
We will enhance the expertise of our employees so that they can provide accurate and easy-to understand explanations to satisfy our customers.
We will comply with laws and regulations and provide high-quality services that our customers can use with a peace of mind.
We will provide products and services that will bring joy to our customers based on their needs.
Through these activities, we also received words of appreciation from customers, such as “Thank you for contacting me again and again,” “It is a tough job to visit each customer, but it is a unique strength of post offices,” and “Thank you for notifying me that I’m able to apply for hospitalization benefits.”
After that, we resumed explanations and proposals of insurance products and services to customers who we previously visited or to those who requested explanations, etc. at our directly-managed offices on February 10, 2021, and then expanded these activities to include all customers on April 1 of the same year. In addition, on the same day, post offices started to provide information and make proposals on insurance products and services that meet customer needs. These actions marked a shift to a new sales style, one that builds a relationship of trust through sales activities.
 