 Business Strategy for Value Creation
Strengthening the Sales and Service Systems
   Take effective actions to ensure that customers using our products and services are well- informed and satisfied
For individual customers, we will provide stable and sustainable security under the new sales system.
For corporate clients, we will perform activities in line with their management thinking.
SAKAMOTO
Hidekazu
Managing Executive Officer
Responsible for Sales Planning Department
and Agency Support Training Department
FUJIMORI
Norihiro
Managing Executive Officer
Responsible for Whole Sales Promotion Training
Department and Whole Sales Department
Recognition of the environment and basic strategy
During the period of the prior Medium-Term Management Plan, to address the issues related to the quality of solicitations by the Company and our agents that occurred during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we have made company-wide efforts to investigate insurance policies and take other measures to compensate affected customers for any disadvantages experienced, as well as to implement preventive countermeasures.
Going forward, we will radically shift to a new sales approach and thoroughly conduct activities to ensure that “our customers can use our products and services based on their satisfaction and understanding.”
Establishment of new Japan Post Insurance sales system
To offer insurance services that will meet the diverse coverage needs of our customers, we will build a new Japan Post Insurance sales system with specialty and extensiveness of which we will start operation from April 2022 and realize a comprehensive consulting service across the entire Group.
Consultants will be dedicated to proposing life insurance and providing after-sales follow-ups. Further, with the introduction of a customer assignment system, they will also give customers high-quality, attentive after- sales follow-ups.New Japan Post Insurance sales system
Customers nationwide
Providing comprehensive consulting services across Group
Features of the “new Japan Post Insurance sales system”
Establishing consultants as insurance specialists
Consultants will be dedicated to proposing life insurance and providing after-sales follow-ups. They will engage in high quality sales activities by ensuring proper solicitation quality
Japan post Insurance will create a new system allowing it to hold direct responsibility for the management of consultants
Introduction of a customer assignment system
A customer assignment system will be introduced, and consultants will take responsibility for providing attentive customer service to each customer with a view to building long-term, continuous relationships of trust
Consolidating consultant operation bases
Consultant operation bases will be consolidated in line with market potential including the number of policies in force and populationJapan Post Co.
Post office counter
Japan Post Insurance Collaboration in response to customer needs
Japan Post Insurance Services Department (Consultants)
  Proposing a wide
range of financial products to customers at post office counters24 JAPAN POST INSURANCE
Offer after-sales follow-ups and provide product and service information through home visits
  Strengthening the service provision system for corporate clients
We will contribute to sustainable growth of companies through close communication with managers, with the trust of corporate clients as the cornerstone of our activities.
We will also improve customer experience values based on reliable solicitation quality, by revising products to meet customer needs and improving business processes and systems.
Main initiatives1
2
3
4
Enhancing human resource development and improving management capabilities
We aim to provide useful help to managers through close communication with corporate clients, by strengthening our framework and offering better services. To this end, we will conduct employee training to further improve the expertise applicable to corporate management as well as manager training designed to enhance management capabilities of the organization.
Improving administration and systems
We will improve customer services through DX promotion and support the activities of sales personnel, to provide optimal solutions for customers.
Expanding products for corporate clients
We will revise current products to make them more useful, and enhance products and services in order to meet the diverse needs of managers. This will help companies in their efforts to boost benefits for employees and prepare funds for retirement allowances, among other efforts.
Sales activities based on market analysis
We will provide beneficial information to customers through market analysis using database marketing, and perform sales activities with the aim of constantly providing optimal solutions.
Improving customer experience value
Sales activities based on market analysis
     Expanding products for corporate clients (revising endowment insurance, etc.)Improving administration and systemsIntroducing and using RPA Expanding mail-based administrative operations Streamlining and improving administrative flowsUtilizing mobile terminals
Utilizing remote work environmentVision of the Whole Sales Divisions
We have established the “Vision of the Whole Sales Divisions” as a foundation for the above activities. This vision sets the goals of the Whole Sales Divisions to be achieved in about three to five years, to fulfill our management philosophy.
All employees engaged in corporate sales are committed to customer-first activities and tackling various issues to realize this vision.
Poster displayed in our offices
 With the trust of customers as the foundation for all our activities, we will stay close to the intentions of managers through close communication, and continue to support sustainable growth of companies and the happiness of managers, employees, and their families.
We will take pride in our work, hone our expertise in life insurance, benefits, banking, tax affairs, and finance, and continue making every effort to consistently propose optimal solutions.
We will respect the corporate culture of valuing employees and keep contributing to the development of local economies and societies.
 Every employee
of the Whole Sales Divisions of Japan Post Insurance will continue the challenge of growing with customers and local communities
Annual Report 2021 25