 pport Value Creation
  Environment
Initiatives for the TCFD Recommendations
 In April 2019, we expressed support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate- related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB).
We will promote our existing initiatives related to climate change even more and make further efforts on information disclosure.Governance
We established the Sustainability Committee in April 2021 to aim for our sustainable growth and the realization of SDGs by contributing to solving social issues, including climate change-related initiatives.
Future initiatives will include the consideration and discussion of issues related to climate change by specialized committees including the said Committee, and the status of progress, etc. will be reported to the Executive Committee. Important issues will be discussed and decided by the Executive Committee and reported to the Board of Directors.
   Board of Directors
Reporting Discussion/reporting
Formulate medium- to long-term policies, grasp and analyze status of progress in initiatives
Grasp and analyze status of climate-related risks, etc.
 Executive Committee
 Specialized Committees (Sustainability Committee, Risk Management Committee)StrategyWe recognize the impact of climate change on our business as follows:
Life insurance business
Asset management
Risks Opportunities
Risks Opportunities
Rise in insurance claim payment due to increased damage from natural disasters, etc. Changes in mortality and morbidity rates over the medium to long term due to the impact of rising average temperature and abnormal weather
Changes in consumers’ insurance needs such as rising demand for products and services related to maintaining health, etc.
Impaired value of invested assets due to expanding loss incurred by investees upon increased damage from natural disasters, etc.
Impaired value of investees due to the impact of changes in regulations in line with the shift to a low-carbon society, stricter regulations and changes in consumer preference
Expanding green finance market and increasing investment opportunities including investments in renewable energy business (infrastructure)
  Risk managementWe will manage climate change-related risks by honing the risk management process through scenario analysis (recognition/management/evaluation).
As for asset management, we conduct ESG investment by integrating ESG factors and considering engagement in the investment process based on the ESG Investment Policy formulated in April 2019. Going forward, we will measure greenhouse gas emissions of
investees to consider a method of portfolio management that takes emissions into account.Indicators and targetsAiming to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, we have set a reduction target for CO2 emissions:
(FY2031/3 target: a reduction by 46% from FY2020/3 results)** Applicable to Scope 1 (direct emissions from the Company) and Scope 2 (emissions associated with the use of electricity, etc. supplied by other companies), and excluding the increase caused by new business.
42 JAPAN POST INSURANCE
 Achieving carbon neutrality
To realize a decarbonized society, we will aim to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 46% from FY2020/3 levels by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2031, and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.
To achieve the long-term target of the Paris Agreement, we will reduce greenhouse gas emissions (CO2 emissions) by cutting back on electricity consumption through energy-saving and streamlining facilities and vehicles and by using decarbonized power sources, on the basis of a shift to a carbon-neutral society including the associated technological innovation.
Based primarily on the results of an energy- saving diagnosis, we are improving the operation of
Reducing paper consumption
In addition to conventional brochures, we provide the Contract Guidelines and Policy Conditions online on our website in PDF format for customers who choose Web viewing when concluding an agreement, which reduces paper consumption.
lighting and air-conditioning equipment, cutting back on energy consumption, mainly by installing energy-saving equipment, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions (CO2 emissions) by introducing hybrid and eco-friendly vehicles.
By the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we reduced CO2 emissions by 9,148 t-CO2 (32% of total emissions) compared with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014.
In addition, we are working to reduce paper use by encouraging cutting back on copy paper and converting office forms to digital format.Supporting environmental conservation
We support programs to revitalize forests and increase greenery, such as making donations to forestation activities.
In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, we donated ¥2 million to the “Green Fund” operated by the National Land Afforestation Promotion Organization. This was used to support for such activities as reforestation by citizens’ groups.
 Workers revitalizing a forest (thinning) funded by a supported group
Annual Report 2021 43