 Management Base to Support Value Creation
   Social
Popularizing and promoting Radio Exercise
Radio Exercise is a popular exercise routine that anyone can participate in anywhere, anytime. Recently, people have come to spend more time at home due to COVID-19, so Radio Exercise has come to attract attention as an exercise that is easy to do at home.
We want to convey the warmth and attractiveness of Radio Exercise in order to use it as a solution to social issues such as health promotion and revitalization of local communities in an age of the 100-year life.    We hold Radio Exercise events throughout Japan.
Festival of 10 Million People’s Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”)
This is the biggest Radio Exercise event. We have held this event every year since 1962, and many people have participated in it through TV and radio.
Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso Tour
We hold the summer tour (July 20 to August 31) and the special tour (April to October excluding the period of the summer tour), which are broadcast live on NHK Radio 1.
Radio Exercise Digital Tour/Digital Radio Exercise Competition
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Radio Exercise Tour was canceled due to COVID-19, so we held the “Radio Exercise Digital Tour” and “Digital Radio Exercise Competition” as alternative events (distribution of Radio Exercise videos). For the Radio Exercise Digital Tour, we donated the amount corresponding to the number of views of the videos as of the end of March 2021 (¥1,250,900) to the Japanese Red Cross Society to support the activities of health care practitioners and the prevention of infection.
All-Japan Elementary School Radio Exercise Competition
This competition for elementary school students started in 2014. The event contributes to developing the physical strength of elementary school students nationwide.
Radio Exercise Attendance Card
Every year, we create and distribute Radio Exercise Attendance Cards to many people through post offices and branches of Japan Post Insurance nationwide.
  44 JAPAN POST INSURANCE
  Providing services through a health support app
With the advent of the super-aging society, the role expected of life insurance is no longer limited to conventional services. For example, we make insurance payments in cases such as hospitalization due to illness or injury, but includes providing services for preventing illness and injury, and for promoting and maintaining health. To fulfill such a role, we are vigorously supporting healthy and affluent lifestyles, and as a measure of this support, we have launched the Sukoyakanpo health support app which helps people pursue health with ease. The app is available for free, and features both the Standard menu for everyone, and the Premium menu with more enhanced content for policyholders and insured people, as well as policyholders’ families.
Main functions of the Sukoyakanpo health support app
Support
Standard menu
Premium menu
            Standard menu
Free
“Learn” your body
  Support
Enjoy “walking”
Support
Walk
Standard menu
Step count management/ Radio Exercise
The basis of health maintenance is to do physical exercise every day. Easy step count management and useful Radio Exercise functions support your healthy lifestyle.
Premium menu
Learn
Standard menu
Health Improvement Advice
You can analyze your body from a medical examination result. This function helps you solve your health-related problems through advice to improve your health.
Premium menu
*In the “Health Improvement Advice” function, “Disease Risk Check” and “My Column” are available only via the Premium menu.
   Premium menu
Free
Support “eating”
Diet
Eat Advice
Support a well-balanced diet with healthy and delicious recipes and the check function which calculates the calories and nutrients of meals in photos.
Premium menu
on a sense of security and trust that has been enabled by improving contacts with all customers from the perspective of our elderly customers.
  Rhythm of your body
Premium menu
Body Rhythm Advice
Support the correct cycle of meals, exercise, and sleep. Summarize the next goal and the past results in an easy- to-understand way to raise your motivation.
Know the “rhythm of your body”
Support
    Promotion of Kampo Platinum Life Service
Japan Post Insurance is conducting a company- wide initiative called “Kampo Platinum Life Service” to win the favor of its growing number of elderly customers by offering age-friendly services based
 Provision of health and medical information
 Free telephone consultation service for policyholders
- Consultation on health, medicine,
nursing care and childcare - “Taxes in life” consultation
 Provision of information contributing to enhancement of customers’ QOL
 Publication of “Kampo Platinum Life Service,” an information magazine for elderly customers
 Establishment of systems friendly to elderly customers/training of employees
 Establishment of a dedicated call center for elderly customers Encouraging employees to acquire qualifications
- Carefitter
- Dementia Supporter
Annual Report 2021 45
      Message from the CEO About Japan Post Insurance Business Strategy for Value Creation Management Base to Support Value Creation Corporate Information Financial Statements

  Management Base to Support Value CreationCountermeasures and initiatives in response to COVID-19
We would like to extend our deepest sympathies and condolences to those who have been affected by the outbreak of COVID-19. We perform the following initiatives to fulfill our social mission and our role as a life insurance company throughout the COVID-19 pandemic.Actions to be implemented
Key initiatives (overview)
Initiatives to support customers
Emergency treatment such as extending the grace period for premium payments and the omission of some necessary documents
Payment of additional insurance benefits in the event of death due to COVID-19 on top of the death benefit (the “double payment of insurance benefits”)*
Payment of hospitalization benefits, even if medical institutions did not allow hospitalization due to the effects of COVID-19, to people receiving medical treatment in hotels or other places provided by the local government, or in the case of treatment at home, upon submission of a doctor’s certificate or other documentationResponding to lifestyle changesExpansion of “My Page,” a Web service for policyholders, to include a function for requesting documents necessary for payment of hospitalization and surgery benefits in November 2020, in order to respond to the growing demand for non-face-to-face use of our servicesInitiatives as a responsible institutional investor
Purchase of bonds issued by international organizations in response to COVID-19DonationDonation of an amount corresponding to the number of views of the Radio Exercise videos (YouTube) as of the end of March 2021, ¥1,250,900, to the Japanese Red Cross Society to support health care workers and to prevent the spread of infections.*Depending on the type of insurance policy, the double payment of insurance benefits might not apply. The double payment of insurance benefits does not apply if the insured person passes away before one year and six months has elapsed since the enrollment date (contract date).
(*)The up-to-date availability is shown on the website of Japan Post Insurance, so please see this before making an application or inquiry.Contribution to local communities
Based on our management philosophy “Be a trustful partner for people, always being close at hand, and endeavoring to protect their well-being,” we are performing social contribution activities at branches, etc. around Japan.
Donation to a food bank group (Chiba Branch)
Participation in a weeding event in the Tottori sand dunes (Tottori Branch)
  Support for wheelchair tennis
Japan Post Insurance has been supporting wheelchair tennis as a top partner of “Japan Wheelchair Tennis Association (JWTA)” since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 by sponsoring wheelchair tennis competitions and wheelchair tennis events for the junior generation, etc. nationwide. We will contribute to the formation of a diverse society through support for wheelchair tennis, and proactively perform initiatives for SDGs.
  46 JAPAN POST INSURANCE