 Management Base to Support Value Creation
ESG Investment
We will take on initiatives for realizing a sustainable society through asset management, considering ESG elements for the entire asset portfolio as an institutional investor that manages long-term assets.
ESG Investment Policy
From the perspective of fulfilling our social responsibilities to all stakeholders, we are promoting initiatives to solve environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues facing society, and actively taking on challenges toward the sustainable growth of corporate value and social development.
In asset management, we will consider various factors of ESG in making investment decisions, in order to realize a sustainable society, improve investment results and reduce risks in the long-term.
We will integrate ESG factors into the investment processes (such as investment analyses and decision- making processes) in phases, according to the characteristics of respective assets. For example, we will invest in the environmentally-friendly natural energy power generation business, and will actively evaluate companies with technology, business foundations, and other characteristics that contribute to the solution of ESG issues in the area of internal domestic equity investments.
By appropriately conducting constructive dialogue and exercising voting rights in consideration of ESG factors, we will encourage investee companies to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society through their business activities, and to improve their corporate value. In addition, we will also seek substantial disclosure of non-financial information, including ESG factors, in order to improve our investment processes.
We will monitor the status of ESG investment activities at the investment managers that we do business with, and will encourage their ESG investment activities such as by sharing successful examples.
We will work on information exchange and collaboration with other institutional investors, industry groups, and others, in order to further contribute to the realization of a sustainable society.
We will disclose the status of our ESG investment activities regularly on our website and through disclosure and other materials.
 Results of the initiatives for ESG investments
   2008
Japan Post Group participated in “United Nations Global Compact”
2018
Japan Post Group incorporated SDGs into the management framework in the Medium-Term Management Plan
2014
Accepted “Japan’s Stewardship Code.”
Introduced the Code in entrusted management of shares
2019
Declared support for TCFD and its recommendations. Announced the ESG Investment Policy
2016
Invested in ESG bonds for the first time (foreign-currency-denominated green bonds issued by The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development)
2020
Started negative screening in asset management
Started stewardship activities in in-house management of domestic corporate bonds
2017
Signed “Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)”
2021
Announced the Medium-Term Management Plan and introduced ESG integration for the entire asset portfolio
          38 JAPAN POST INSURANCE
 Framework for ESG investments
For our ESG investments, we will handle mainly ESG integration, engagement, and impact investments.
 Having introduced ESG integration for the entire asset portfolio1, we comprehensively evaluate and use financial information as well as the ESG initiatives of investees in our investment decision-making.
(Note 1) Including externally managed assets. For externally managed assets, we review and evaluate the initiatives for ESG investments when selecting and monitoring investment managing organizations and fund managers. ESG integrationWe accurately grasp the conditions of investees to engage constructively with them. While building relationships with investees, we demand disclosure of not only financial information but also non-financial information, including ESG elements to confirm their initiatives for ESG issues, etc.
Our voting activities are based on our Policies on the Exercise of Shareholders’ Voting Rights. When voting, we take into consideration non-financial information, including ESG factors, and information gained from dialogues with companies.
Japan Post Insurance has accepted Japan’s Stewardship Code and has established Company policies in accordance with it.
For details of Japan Post Insurance’s stewardship activities, please refer to the Company’s website.
https://www.jp-life.japanpost.jp/aboutus/csr/responsible_investment/stewardship/ (in Japanese)Engagement and exercising voting rights
   ESG-themed investments and impact investments
We promote ESG-themed investments and impact investments2 in accordance with our priority initiative themes (shown below) based on “warmth.”
(Note 2) Impact investments mean investment activities intended to generate positive and measurable social and
environmental impact in parallel with financial returns.
  Negative screening
We do not invest in any manufacturers of controversial weapons or new domestic or overseas project financing for coal-fired power generation, which emits a lot of CO2 and is known to have an adverse impact on climate change.
 Priority initiative themes of ESG investments
We will focus on the “enhancement of well-being,” “development of local communities and society,” and “contribution to environmental protection” as initiative themes and make investments with “warmth” unique to Japan Post Insurance.
 [Specific initiative proposals]
Enhancement of well-being
Support for facilities and companies that contribute to health promotion
Support for constructing environments where children, elderly people, and people with disabilities can live safely with a sense of security
Development of local communities and society
Support for encouraging local business and attracting new enterprises
Support for formation of local communities
Investments with “warmth” unique to Japan Post Insurance
Contribution to environmental protection
Support for renewable energy
Support for businesses and technologies that reduce greenhouse gas emissions
     Annual Report 2021 39