 Business Strategy for Value Creation
Corporate Culture Reform
  Reform personnel to reform the culture
The most important factor in the promotion of corporate culture reform is personnel reform. We will create a culture that can reliably respond to the expectations of customers by ensuring that all employees understand our social mission and engage in their duties with job satisfaction.
TACHIBANA
Atsushi
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Responsible for Human Resources Department and Human Resources Development DepartmentRecognition of the environment (Recognition of the issues)
The issues surrounding solicitations for our products revealed the unreasonable nature and irrationality of our sales targets and our poor awareness of compliance and customer protection. We now recognize that the underlying causes of the issues were poor communication between the head office and front-line personnel and the low risk sensitivity, which were rooted in our organization itself, including the awareness of employees and the corporate culture.
We consider it necessary to work hard to recover the trust of customers and promote initiatives to reformation of our corporate culture by going back to the Company’s management philosophy, in order to promote reconstruction and achieve sustainable growth.
Vision
The reformation of our corporate culture is a major pillar of our reconstruction. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we set up a dedicated team specially assigned by the President to improve the issues noted above, namely communication and risk sensitivity, as a company-wide effort. In addition, to identify the issues existing in every organization, we conducted an ES (employee satisfaction) survey for all employees, and have been working to solve the identified company-wide issues and issues unique to each organization.
Through these activities, we aim to achieve these goals:
All officers and employees across the Company work together to make the Company grow by facilitating internal communication and mutual understanding
Share the challenges of the Company among all organizational units
All officers and employees share the management vision, etc. of the Company and act autonomously and independently based on the customer-first principle.
Improving communication
The causes of poor in-house communication are the lack of sharing information between the head office and front-line personnel and limited information dissemination from management. To solve these issues, we have gone ahead with communication measures, such as the introduction of “Direct Suggestions to the President of Japan Post Insurance” for employees to directly present opinions and proposals to the President, periodic distribution of messages from the President to all employees, and opinion exchange meetings between officers and employees. As with feedback from customers, management and related departments focuses on the effectiveness and feasibility of implementing opinions and proposals received from employees through “Direct Suggestions to the President of Japan Post Insurance” to improve operations. In addition, they function to detect risks.
We will continue these communication programs, strengthen collaboration not only between the head office and front-line personnel but also with organizations and departments, and aim to become a company that strives to respond to customers’ expectations with company-wide togetherness.
32 JAPAN POST INSURANCE
  Support for diverse career formation
We are constructing a mechanism to support every employee to set up their own career plan, gain professional experience, and improve their skills for the realization of that plans, in order to promote the independent growth of employees. Specifically, we will proceed with such measures as the acquisition and accumulation of information about the future hopes of employees through career interviews, the clarification of personnel, skills, etc. necessary for each department going forward, personnel allocation that contributes to the growth of employees, and the establishment of a personnel system in which employees can select from diverse work styles.
Initiatives to strengthen management capabilities
For our reconstruction and sustainable growth, all employees must fulfill their roles to the maximum extent. In particular, managers, who are the core of each organization, must perform operations and fulfill their duties from the viewpoint of management beyond the boundaries of the benefits of their own organizations, as well as construct an environment where their subordinates can exercise their capabilities to the maximum level. For that purpose, we will aim to transform the behavior of managers by more clearly showing the image of managers we desire and then evaluating not only their performance but also their everyday behavior in the conduct of duties.
Enhance the personnel evaluation system
We are working to realize “personnel evaluations for the development of human resources” through which all employees can find their “strengths” and “weaknesses” and improve their capabilities. Specifically, we will introduce a mechanism for organizations to evaluate and cultivate every employee, in addition to revising the personnel evaluation standards.
Human resources development
Our aim is to create an environment where every employee can make full use of his or her capabilities in order to offer customers superior services and to enhance corporate value. Our “Human Resources Development Basic Policies” emphasize development of people who put the customer first. We are vigorously supporting our employees so that they are motivated to grow together with the Company with job satisfaction, while always being mindful of corporate social responsibility.
In addition to training by job level according to employees’ positions, such as training for new employees, we also make voluntary training programs available in order to develop their capabilities. We also provide programs to support employees’ self-development, including a program encouraging employees to acquire qualifications and certifications.
Through the linkage of these programs with practical training at each workplace, we promote effective human resources development so that “all employees can develop their talents and work with energy and vitality.”
Human Resources Development Basic Policies
We shall cultivate human resources who have self-awareness of corporate social responsibility and who place the customer first.
We shall cultivate human resources who have expert capabilities and a well-rounded character.
We shall cultivate human resources who are imbued with a spirit of challenge for addressing new issues and who have the ability to get things done.
    In order to motivate each and every employee for personal development and foster them to become human resources capable of taking action expressing the four orientations (Note 1) based on the customer-first concept while implementing the PDCA cycle on a daily basis, we have a system in which OJT (Note 2), support for self-development and Off-JT (Note 3) are linked under the “Human Resources Development Basic Policies”.
Notes: 1. “Four orientations” refer to “Ownership oriented,” “Challenge oriented,” “Speed oriented,” and “Customer oriented,” which are listed as elements of our desired image of human resources.
Linked
OJT
●Tutor system ●Skill check, etc.
Linked
   Support for self-development
Development
●Correspondence courses ●E-learning courses ●Encouragement program for
Linked
the acquisition of qualifications
and certifications
●Taking the TOEIC and TOEFL
(iBT) examinations, etc.
2. OJT: On-the-job training. OJT is personalized training. A superior provides the knowledge and skill set his/her subordinates need in order to do the job in the course of the daily performance of tasks.
3.Off-JT: Off-the-job training. For off-JT, away from daily tasks, personnel participate in a training program, etc. conducted by the in-house human resources development section or an external training institution and acquire the knowledge and skill set required for doing the job.
Off-JT
●New employee training ●New employee follow-up
training
●Second-year training, third-
year training ●Management training ●Overseas training, overseas
trainees ●Cross-industry exchange
training
  Annual Report 2021 33