KOSÉ REPORT 2021
Integrated Report
                Creating Beauty in a
Sustainable World For the Earth
      For People
         A source of adaptable products and services
Support for a beautiful, healthy and happy life
Use the theme of beauty to help solve environmental issues
Environmental programs in areas where KOSÉ operates
    Help create a world with true gender equality
Lower the overall environmental impact of business operations
       Statement of Purpose
Create a culture and values embodying a distinctive beauty through a sophisticated fusion
of sensuousness and intelligence.
Editorial Policy
This report aims to provide stakeholders with a deeper understanding of the KOSÉ Group’s activities by presenting not only financial information, but also non-financial information including management policies, strategies and our underlying rationale. Please refer to our website for information related to IR and sustainability.
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements about KOSÉ Corporation’s future plans, strategies, and performance that are not historical facts. Risks and uncertainties resulting from changes in the business environment may have a significant effect on actual business results. Please also note that we shall not be held responsible for any omissions or errors in data and content in this document.
Value Creation Story
KOSÉ Group's Mission
A History of Creating Beauty
The KOSÉ Group’s Sustainable Growth Process
KOSÉ Sustainability Plan
Model for Raising Brand Value 10
Brands at a Glance
Feature: Value Creation Initiatives Interview with the President
12 The Foundation for Our Value Creation 14 Mind to Follow the Right Path 38 16 External Recognition 44
Messages from External Directors 45 Corporate Governance 46 Career Histories 54
Growth Strategies Data Section
2 Overview of Growth Strategies 20 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 56 4 Strategies by Region 22 10-Year Summary of Selected
Progress of the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan 26 Financial Data 58
6 For People 28 3-Year Summary of Selected
8 Non-Financial Data 60
For the Earth 32
Principal Group Companies 62 Corporate Information/Stock Information 63
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 1
 
    Value Creation Story
  KOSÉ Group’s Mission
KOSÉ was founded amid Japan’s post-war ruins, with the aim of using the power of cosmetics to create a brighter future. No matter what the situation, beauty provides sustenance to humankind. Even amid the present uncertainties of the COVID-19 pandemic, KOSÉ continues to help brighten the future for people around the world and for our precious Earth by sharing all of our wisdom as a company that creates beauty.
KOSÉ values being a source of
beauty for everyone, and helps create a world where people with diverse backgrounds and features can live confidently and beautifully.
For People
KOSÉ uses the commitment to quality it has cultivated since its founding to continuously create unique, highly safe items.
The carefully selected materials that are indispensable for KOSÉ’s manufacturing are part of the Earth’s bounty.
We protect the global environment as we help create sustainable and beautiful value.
For the Earth
KOSÉ aims to grow through mutual support by earning the trust of all its stakeholders involved in manufacturing.
                            2 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 3

  Value Creation Story
A History of Creating Beauty
For over 70 years, KOSÉ has created beauty underpinned by innovation and high quality. Many of the revolutionary products that we have launched were pioneering within the cosmetics industry, and they continue to be
long sellers with a strong presence. We have continued to create new value that stays just slightly ahead of contemporary lifestyles.
 1946 Foundation of KOSÉ
1 9 5 1
Launch of Perlight Skin, a cosmetic cream containing photosensitizing dyes
1970s-1980s
1970 1974 1975 1981 1985
1990s-2000s Establishing Our Presence
1992 1994 2002 2004 2005
DECORTÉ LECHÉRI Prédia DECORTÉ ASTALUTION MOISTURE LIPOSOME Water Pact UV SPA et MER WHITELOGIST Wrinkle Essence
Fango Double Cleanse
          Kozaburo Kobayashi founded KOSÉ in 1946, building trust by delivering high-quality cosmetics directly to retailers throughout Japan. KOSÉ introduced a contract sales system based on direct transactions with retail stores, which embodied his ideal of co-existence and co-prosperity as well as joint management of manufacturing and sales. Kozaburo’s motto, “Mind to Follow the Right Path,” serves as the fundamental policy of KOSÉ’s Sustainability Policies and the foundation of KOSÉ’s corporate spirit.
Innovation and a Spirit of Challenge
We established our corporate message in 1991, and redefined it in 2020 as “Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World” to show our corporate stance as a “company that creates beauty.” In the 2000s, KOSÉ used its track record as the basis for a full-scale entry into overseas markets. We have established subsidiaries in Hong Kong, South Korea, and China, and started sales in Vietnam in 2001, the Philippines in 2003, and Myanmar
in 2007. In Japan, we introduced the JILL STUART brand to the domestic cosmetics market in 2005.
We also raised our presence by continuing to create unique cosmetics, including ASTALUTION, a high- quality, highly effective beauty serum containing a high concentration of astaxanthin, and DECORTÉ MOISTURE LIPOSOME, which applies the results of our research and development.
2010s onward
2015 2016 2018 2019 2020
Accelerating Globalization
           DECORTÉ Pressed Powder
SUMMERD
ALPHARD R・C Liquid Precious
Sport Beauty Suntan Milk
SEKKISEI
In the 1970s and 1980s, we incorporated the findings of a series of innovative research and development projects in products that were industry firsts. These products included SUMMERD, a foundation that does not require the use of water, ALPHARD R・C Liquid Precious, the industry’s first beauty serum, SEKKISEI, a lotion containing Japanese and Chinese herbal extracts, and the DECORTÉ high-prestige brand. At the same time, we established a Company-wide quality control system
that has steadily achieved results. In addition, we entered the cosmetaries* business with the establishment of KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp., which has expanded our portfolio to include items such as aging care cosmetics and high-quality cosmetics that are affordable for younger purchasers, thus enlarging our customer base.
* A coined term combining "cosmetics" and "toiletries"
In the 2010s, we began sales of DECORTÉ in Italy and North America. We used two methods to promote globalization: overseas expansion and portfolio growth through the addition of overseas brands. This included making Tarte, Inc., which sells skin care and makeup products mainly in the United States, a subsidiary in 2014. Today, we continue to develop brands and
products that have global appeal. In Japan, we opened directly managed Maison KOSÉ stores in Ginza in 2019 and Omotesando in 2020. In addition, we have rolled out multiple online channels to provide value from two perspectives through a combination of digital technology and hands-on experience while pursuing personalized customer experiences.
CLEAR TURN Super Premium Fresh Mask
DECORTÉ AQMW Eye Glow Gem
ADDICTION COMPACT ADDICTION
DECORTÉ AQ MELIORITY Intensive Cream
SEKKISEI
CLEAR WELLNESS series
4 KOSÉ REPORT 2021  KOSÉ REPORT 2021 5

    Value Creation Story
 The KOSÉ Group’s Sustainable Growth Process
Toward the achievement of its medium-to-long-term VISION 2026, the KOSÉ Group is taking on the material issues of the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan, which it formulated in 2020. In doing so, it will establish an unrivaled presence as a “company that creates beauty” while working to deliver unique value and gain the appreciation of customers worldwide.
Our Medium-to-Long-Term Vision
VISION 2026
Evolving into a Company with a Global Presence
A company dedicated to being a source of beauty for everyone
A company that uses foresight for the constant creation of innovative value
A company with diverse brands and human resources that can succeed worldwide
A company that constantly attracts more customers and is a place where people are proud to work
Become a customer-driven company appreciated by people worldwide
Increase KOSÉ’s global presence and improve the customer experience
Upgrade global brands and reinforce points of customer contact
Pages 8-9
Our Message
    Social Issues (Risks and Opportunities Recognized by KOSÉ)
   People & Society
• Changes in the international economic balance
• Declining population and birthrate and aging population in Japan
• Interaction of populations through globalization
• Interaction of people with diverse backgrounds and features
• Blurring of industry boundaries
• Response to IoT and digitalization
• Expectations for Japanese quality
• Stronger oversight of corporate governance systems
and others
Environment
• Climate change (intensifying and more frequent abnormal weather)
• • • •
• Marine plastic problem
• Depletion of natural resources • Emerging water resource risks
and others
   Strengths of the KOSÉ Group (Sources of Value Creation)
Brands with Long Histories and Numerous Long-Selling Items
Unique Brand Research and Commitment Marketing Development to Quality
A Management Base Unique to a Family-Owned Business
   Our Current Position
Net Sales
¥279.3
billion
6 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
Our Targeted Position (VISION 2026)
Phase III Phase II
PhaseI
What We Aim to Be
 A company with exceptional customer loyalty
 A portfolio filled with extremely appealing brands
         Operating Margin
4.8%
Overseas Sales Ratio
40.1%
E-Commerce/ Travel Retail Sales Ratio
30%
Net Sales
¥500.0
billion
Operating Margin
16% or higher
Overseas Sales Ratio
50% or higher
E-Commerce/Travel Retail Sales Ratio
25% or higher
Euromonitor Premium Beauty and Personal Care Ranking
Within the Top 8
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 7
Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World
 KOSÉ Group Sustainability Plan

 Value Creation Story
KOSÉ Sustainability Plan
The KOSÉ Group’s Corporate Message, “Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World,” serves as its guiding principle for sustainability, while its fundamental policy, “Mind to Follow the Right Path,” has been the foundation of its corporate spirit since day one.
Based on this policy, we have established the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan to make the future better for people and the environment.
As we strive to achieve a sustainable society and fulfill our responsibilities as a member of the international community, we will make greater use of our sensuousness and intelligence with the aim of becoming a unique and trusted company with a global presence.
For People
For the Earth
  A source of adaptable products and services Pages 28-29
As a source of beauty for everyone, we accept differences in skin color, values, culture and other diverse
characteristics to provide the value of beauty.
We will help create a world where people with diverse backgrounds and features—including skin color, gender, sociocultural and geographical background, living environment, religion, creed, and physical features—can live confidently and beautifully.
Support for a beautiful, healthy and happy life Page 30
We support lifestyles that allow people to enjoy health and happiness, which is a fundamental goal of life
for all stakeholders worldwide, including future generations.
We will energetically address social issues so that everyone can lead a healthy and happy life. Activities will include improving quality of life (QOL), educating and raising the awareness of the next generation, and initiatives such as Fair Trade that will enhance the work environment, including in our supply chain.
Help create a world with true gender equality Page 31
We will actively contribute to a future where there is no gender gap, not just at KOSÉ but throughout
Use the theme of beauty to help solve environmental issues Pages 32-33
4 We will help resolve environmental issues by continuing to exert an impact on society in ways unique to a
company that creates beauty, such as the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project.
We will focus on beauty while promoting activities to resolve environmental issues. We will also communicate these initiatives to the general public to make many consumers aware of environmental issues and expand our network for solving issues using the theme of beauty.
Environmental programs in areas where KOSÉ operates Page 34
5 In locations where we have business bases for production, services or other purposes, we will work to
preserve the environment, considering and giving back to local communities, with which we will coexist and prosper.
We will coexist and prosper with local communities, conducting environmental conservation activities with a focus on production facilities, which affect the environment.
Lower the overall environmental impact of business operations Pages 35-37 We are thankful for the blessings of the global environment, which is the source of all healthy life, and
will carry out activities to lower our environmental impact as much as possible.
The KOSÉ Group is thankful for the blessings of nature, and will continue to evolve its efforts to reduce its environmental impact in order to preserve the global environment.
  1
2
3
Mind to Follow the Right Path
         Japan and worldwide, as we work to make an impact by communicating our message to society. 6 We will conduct awareness-raising and other activities that help to eliminate the gender gap not only in the KOSÉ Group, but
elsewhere in Japan and around the world.
         Sound corporate governance
Pages 45-55
Process for Formulating the Plan
Respect for human rights
Page 38
Human resource development
Business operations with transparency and fairness
Page 43
Sustainability Promotion Systems
Only the safest, most reliable, high-quality products
Page 41
Customer’s perspective
Page 42
Sustainability Promotion Organization
Board of Directors Management Committee Sustainability Committee
      1 Identification of social and
environmental issues
Identified issues to be addressed with reference to ISO 26000, the UN Global Compact, the SDGs, etc.
2
Definition of activity themes
3
Approval
Pages 39-40
4 System for confirming
progress and reviewing activities
The Sustainability Promotion Committee regularly confirms progress toward targets and reviews activities
The KOSÉ Group has identified some sustainability-related issues in its management issues and has established a promotion system to resolve them. The Sustainability Committee
is chaired by the President & CEO. Supervised by the Board of Directors, this committee proposes sustainability strategies to and receives approval from the Management Committee, and then reports the results to the Board of Directors. The Sustainability Promotion Committee establishes subcommittees and projects for separate themes based on the KOSÉ Group’s sustainability strategies to promote cross-departmental activities that are more effective.
   Evaluated issues identified in Step 1 and selected six main activity themes
Reported to and approved by the Board of Directors and the Sustainability Committee
 8 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 9
Sustainability Promotion Committee
  Fundamental Policy Six Activity Themes

  Value Creation Story
 Model for Raising Brand Value
The KOSÉ Group provides unique value by continuously offering appealing items, created from sensuousness and intelligence, that help our customers’ beauty shine forth from within.We will continue to sustainably create value by conducting manufacturing that is based on adaptability and underpinned by sustainability as we work to enhance our brand presence.
    KOSÉ Sustainability Plan
Customer-driven
Fundamental Policy
10 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
Promotion
of diversity and inclusion
Use of digital technology for customer service and sales
1
Brands with Long Histories and
Numerous Long-Selling It
 3
1 2
to various environmental issues
456
Co-existence
and co-prosperity with business partners and suppliers
Fundamental Policy
Willingness to take on the challenges of new areas and new mechanisms of effect
Flexible change attuned to the times
Unique Brand Marketing
Research and Development
Commitment to Quality
Respect for diversity
13
Use of cutting- edge technology
  Response
      High standards for quality and safety
Fundamental Policy
Eco-friendly manufacturing
46
Commitment
to founder’s focus 1 2
remains unchanged
Sources of Value Creation
       ems
 Value Provided
“A source of beauty for everyone”
     KOSÉ REPORT 2021 11
 KOSÉ Group Value
        
 Value Creation Story
Brands at a Glance
To create attractive, valuable brands, KOSÉ strives to develop cosmetics under the two key words “intelligence” and “sensuousness.” We currently meet the various needs of our customers with two groups of brands: diverse and highly distinctive individual brands, as well as the KOSÉ brands that bear the Company’s name. We have also rolled out many brands overseas to establish a global presence.
 Main Sales Regions J Japan A Asia U North America & Others E Europe
   H IGH-PRESTIGE Brands
The Highest Levels of Quality and Service
A group of top-quality brands developed by integrating all of KOSÉ’s cutting-edge technologies. They are sold at specialty cosmetics stores, department stores
and other retail outlets that distribute exclusive brands. KOSÉ’s specially trained Beauty Consultants offer meticulous counseling to help customers select the products that suit them best.
ALBION CO., LTD.
  KOSÉ MILBON COSMETICS CO., LTD.
Tarte, Inc.
         JAUE
JA JA
JAUE
  JA
 P RESTIGE Brands
High-Value-Added Cosmetics for Everyone
High-value-added brands, each with its own distinctive characteristics. They are sold through a wide range of channels, including specialty cosmetics stores, mass retailers, drugstores and online.
KOSÉ PROFESSIONAL CO., LTD.
Dr. PHIL COSMETICS INC.
KOSÉ Maruho Co., Ltd.
  KOSÉ PROVISION CO., LTD.
           JAUE
J
  JA
JA
J
C OSMETARIES Brands
For Daily Life One Step Above
A group of self-selection brands, including cosmetics and toiletries such as shampoo, that are developed using the same approach as the one used to develop cosmetics. We call this category of products “cosmetaries.”* We offer high-quality products at reasonable prices through mass retailers, drugstores, convenience stores and other retail outlets.
* Cosmetaries: A coined term combining “cosmetics” and “toiletries”
KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp.
           JA
JA
  JA
JAU
JA
 12 KOSÉ REPORT 2021  KOSÉ REPORT 2021 13
    Basic Value High Added Value Cosmetaries Business Cosmetics Business

  Value Creation Story
Feature
Value Creation Initiatives
The cosmetics we offer play a role in enriching lives by providing beauty. In addition to the face-to-face value we have traditionally emphasized, we are creating beauty experiences unique to KOSÉ using digital technology to link customer experiences. In this way, we continue to soothe and delight customers even during the COVID-19 pandemic.
   Providing Beauty Both Online and Offline
We are proactively creating a KOSÉ beauty platform that connects us with our customers in both the real and the digital worlds as we explore the potential for next- generation beauty experiences.
This platform provides new types of communication that merge the digital world and in-store experiences for omnidirectional, interactive connections with all customers through social media, campaign websites, our innovative Maison KOSÉ concept store and other methods.
Online, we offer the same high-quality counseling as in our physical stores, with enhanced, diverse beauty-related content that addresses customer needs. Offline, we offer a variety of beauty experiences that utilize digital technology.
Flagship Store for Experiencing Contact-Free Shopping
In December 2020, our flagship Maison KOSÉ Omotesando store opened.
The store is a customer touchpoint that plays a key role in the KOSÉ beauty platform and its “Find Your Own Beauty” concept. A distinctive feature of the store is that customers can enjoy a contact-free shopping experience utilizing digital technology in addition to directly experiencing products spanning our brand lineup. For example, there is a dedicated space for customers to communicate online as they sample the main products from each brand with peace of mind using auto-dispenser testers. The store also fully supports cashless payment methods for a secure shop environment suited to new lifestyles.
Providing a Place to Shop during the State of Emergency
When people were asked to refrain from going out during Japan’s state of emergency, we held a #StayHome campaign to expand shopping opportunities. In addition to increasing the number of brands available for purchase on our website Maison KOSÉ, we introduced features such as special content from beauty consultants and brand managers and instructional videos on beauty techniques. Customers responded positively to these measures.
Pursuing Beauty Experiences That Are Only Possible Face-to-Face
ALBION PHILOSOPHY, a new-format store from ALBION CO., LTD. has opened in Yokohama. The store combines an original treatment salon called THE BED and an open laboratory space where customers can see how cosmetics are made. As the name suggests, the store embodies ALBION’s founding craftsmanship, customer-first service and other values.
The open laboratory is a revolutionary space where customers can experience the latest in skin research while talking directly to researchers and participate in the making of cosmetics. In addition, in the beauty and relaxation spa THE BED, customers can experience original facial and body treatments using top-class EXCIA skincare and other products with the superlative hospitality unique to ALBION, making it a place for quality experiences that are only possible face-to-face.
Beauty Support for Front-Line Medical Workers
During the threat posed by COVID-19, we launched the
“You are my HERO” support project in which we have been donating our cosmetics to medical professionals nationwide through the Nippon Foundation. Following the initial 150,000 items, in consideration of the long-term need for medical care that lies ahead and the large number of requests, we added another 970,000 items, for a total donation of more than
1 million cosmetic products.
 New Customer Touchpoints
  Social media
Email newsletters
E-commerce Digital counseling
Customers
Apps
Campaign websites
Concept stores
Face-to-face counseling
     For details: https://maison.kose.co.jp/site/ (Japanese only)
 For details: https://maison.kose.co.jp/site/p/hero.aspx (Japanese only)
Note: The application period for this project has ended.
     For details,visit the Maison KOSÉ Omotesando store web page: https://maison.kose.co.jp/site/p/flagship_store.aspx (Japanese only)
 14 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 15
For details: https://www.philosophy.albion.co.jp/ (Japanese only)
 
 Value Creation Story
Interview with the President
 Even in the challenging business environment brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have turned crisis into opportunity and energetically conducted reforms for borderless business expansion. KOSÉ will continue to accelerate the integration of online and offline activities.
In fiscal 2020, the global COVID-19 pandemic completely changed not just the business environment, but social conditions and lifestyles. During the pandemic, an increase in telecommuting reminded people of the importance of skin care. Customer needs for makeup changed significantly, and new demand arose for products such as transfer-proof lipstick and foundation that provides long-lasting coverage without coming off on masks. Nevertheless, a decline in consumption had a substantial impact on Japan’s cosmetics market. In this severe environment, sales and profits decreased in each area of the KOSÉ Group’s business, but we were able to secure¥13.2 billion in operating profit by controlling costs. In the Chinese market, economic activity has normalized and there has been substantial growth centered on e-commerce and travel retail. In the Japanese market, however, I regret that integration of e-commerce and other online activities with offline activities was insufficient for meeting our goals. This issue needs to be addressed going forward.
KOSÉ has extensive experience in advancing by turning difficult situations into new opportunities, even in unprecedentedly severe business environments. By combining this experience with KOSÉ’s unique strengths, we aim to expand borderless business even in the current business environment and will strongly promote reforms to become more resilient to risk. Going forward, we plan to conduct unique manufacturing that addresses changing customer needs, and in fiscal 2021, we are planning large-scale launches of items from multiple brands with different concepts, textures and functions. In addition, for the “clean products” market, where needs are growing mainly in North America and Europe, we have just launched and plan to carefully nurture the CLEAR WELLNESS series, which incorporates the concept of sustainability into the KOSÉ Group’s flagship SEKKISEI brand.
Optimizing the beauty experience for each person requires meeting a wide range of needs through brands ranging from high-prestige to cosmetaries, and therein lies KOSÉ’s unique strength. We will continue to create value that makes the most of KOSÉ’s uniqueness.
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 17
  Even as the COVID-19 pandemic is bringing about a complete change in lifestyles, KOSÉ is accelerating its reforms to continue to reliably provide the essential value of cosmetics—making the world a brighter place by bringing charm and color to our lives—and in so doing improve corporate value over the medium to long term.
Kazutoshi Kobayashi President & CEO
 16 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
Q1
What are your thoughts on fiscal 2020?
What went well, and what issues remain to be addressed?
 
  Q2
What are the key points for becoming a company with a global presence and exceptional customer loyalty?
  Q3
You have formulated the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan. What issues does it address and what activities will you conduct?
18 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 19
We will conduct manufacturing from the perspective of adaptability rooted in sustainability, with the aim of making KOSÉ indispensable to its customers.
We have set six activity themes for the realization of our Corporate Message of “Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World.” We aim to help achieve a sustainable society and grow our business through a story that is unique to KOSÉ.
The KOSÉ Group aims to be a company with exceptional customer loyalty that is known and admired by all, a company that stands apart as highly original and one of a kind. Moreover, we aim to be a company that customers consider irreplaceable, with a high repeat rate and customer retention rate. It is difficult for cosmetics to remain popular among customers for many years unless those cosmetics offer not only specific beautifying effects, but also elements that provide heartfelt satisfaction and enhance the quality of customers’ emotional lives. Value with a deep appeal to all five senses is required. We want to have numerous brands and products that customers feel they can’t do without, or to which customers return with relief after trying others. Having such products will make KOSÉ indispensable to its customers.
To achieve this goal, a vital part of our sustainability strategy is adaptability, which enables us to remain in tune with a wide range of values from a global and universal perspective. The wellspring of value creation for the KOSÉ Group, which has emphasized counseling sales for many years, is the Group’s approach of continuously offering the value of optimal beauty based on an understanding of individual
differences in personality, values and other characteristics, with a dedication to being a source of beauty for everyone. Through our commitment to this process, I believe we can help create a world where people with diverse backgrounds and characteristics—including skin color, physical features, gender, sociocultural and geographical background by country or region, living environment, religion and creed—can live confidently and beautifully. However, this will not be easy to achieve. The KOSÉ Group deals with customers all over the world, and each member of the Group must truly understand and respect individual differences (diversity) and accept those differences (inclusion) in carrying out their respective missions every day. I consider cultivating such a corporate culture to be one of my core duties as president. To that end, I am constantly engaging in dialogue both inside and outside the KOSÉ Group to convey my message about our approach. To embody its Corporate Message of “Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World,” KOSÉ will continue to conduct manufacturing and provide services based on adaptability that is rooted in sustainability to deliver the value of beauty to all.
The KOSÉ Sustainability Plan, which we formulated in 2020, clearly sets forth the KOSÉ Group’s intentions and initiatives to help realize a sustainable society and grow our business, and summarizes specific goals leading up to 2030. We established our Corporate Message when we introduced our corporate identity in 1991 and redefined it in 2020 as “Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World.” The Corporate Message serves as the guiding principle of the plan, which lists the six activity themes under the two perspectives of “For People” and “For the Earth” to further promote unique activities befitting the KOSÉ Group. Adaptability, which I mentioned earlier, is also one of the themes.
The origins of KOSÉ go back to 1946, when founder Kozaburo Kobayashi started business with a limitless passion for cosmetics that give people dreams and hopes. Since then, we have steadily grown as a company that creates beauty by creating a culture and values embodying a distinctive beauty through a sophisticated fusion of sensuousness and intelligence. In other words, the KOSÉ Group is aiming for a future in which
everyone can live with confidence, vitality and peace of mind in a thriving natural environment on our irreplaceable, beautiful Earth. In formulating the six activity themes of the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan, our approach was not based on how many of the 17 SDGs we could help achieve; rather, we selected initiatives that were sustainable from a medium-to-long-term perspective based on the unique concerns of the KOSÉ Group as a provider of the value of beauty. In addition, I believe that the concept “leave no one behind,” which is a cornerstone of the SDGs, is synonymous with the KOSÉ Group’s concept of adaptability in its manufacturing. The ultimate purpose of our adaptability initiatives is to transcend differences in values and other personal characteristics to deliver the value of personalized beauty, treasuring each customer’s “natural self” while helping them become their “ideal self.” We will remain true to our Corporate Message as we accelerate our sustainability initiatives to help achieve a sustainable society and grow our business. You can expect more great things from the KOSÉ Group.

    Growth Strategies
 Overview of Growth Strategies
By incorporating a perspective of sustainability in all activities for VISION 2026, the KOSÉ Group will grow its business as it helps to achieve a sustainable society.
   VISION 2026 Basic Strategies
Fiscal 2020 Progress and Initiatives Going Forward
  Three Growth Strategies
Proactively develop unique products
Two Value Creation Vectors
Three Growth Strategies
Fiscal 2020 Progress
  Accelerate global brand development
Explore new growth areas
       Use digital technology for more and better personal customer experiences
Focus on unique forms of value by utilizing external resources and technologies
   Build a sound foundation for the Company’s growth
Three Foundations
Promote diversity and inclusion
Develop a sustainability strategy spanning the entire value chain
       20 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 21
KOSÉ Sustainability Plan
Pages 8-9
Sustainability Initiatives
Fiscal 2020 Progress
● Codified adaptability concept
● Formulated systems for diverse work styles
● Received external recognition for promoting women’s
participation and advancement in the workforce
● Procuredrenewableenergyasaclimatechange countermeasure
● Revised CO2 emissions reduction targets and acquired international certification
● Conductedvariousresourcerecyclingmeasures including container collection
● Start development of products and services based on adaptability
● Conduct in-house training on diversity and inclusion, respect for human rights and other topics
● Conduct scenario analysis in line with TCFD recommendations and disclose information on business risks and opportunities from climate change
● Reduce volume of waste and promote resource recycling measures
For People
For the Earth
Fiscal 2021 Initiatives
  Fiscal 2021 Initiatives
● Conducted rebranding of SEKKISEI
● Developed functional cosmetics adapted to
mask-wearing
● Carté HD created a market by providing medicinal value
● Make strategic investments in the growing Chinese and travel retail markets
● Expand the presence of global brands
● Provided beauty attractions and digital experiences at Maison KOSÉ
● Collaborated with companies in other industries (blueqat, Sunshine Delight, Casio, Panasonic)
● Provide new value in customer service through an online counseling system
● Utilize external resources and technologies in manufacturing
Two Value Creation Vectors
● Carried out organizational changes to strengthen the sales infrastructure in Japan
● Promoted digital transformation in marketing
● Build a sustainable production system including the Minami Alps Factory
● Invest resources in growth areas in conjunction with improved human productivity
Three Foundations
         
 Japan
Review
売上高 営業利益 CAGR
● Used the COVID-19 pandemic as an opportunity to conduct reforms and made meaningful investments
● Created unique value in cooperation with Milbon Co., Ltd. and Maruho Co., Ltd.
Sales in Japan
(Billions of yen)
 250
240.2
222.5
  ● Growth in the e-commerce channel as people
voluntarily refrained from going out 200
150
167.4
2020 (FY)
   Key ● Rapid recovery of mainstay brands 100
Initiatives
● Reinforce domestic sales infrastructure to prepare
for a full-scale recovery 50
0
2018 2019
 Asia
Review
Sales in Asia
アジア
 ● Substantial growth centered on e-commerce and travel retail in China
● DECORTÉ: Further expansion of presence in China
(Billions of yen) 100
82.1
2020 (FY)
     Key ● Initiatives
Tarte: Advance into China through cross-border
75
50 25 0
64.3 51.4
2018 2019
e-commerce
● Rollout of new travel retail counters
    Growth Strategies
Strategies by Region
Highlights
Carté HD Addresses Market Needs and Improves Customer Quality of Life
  Strategies Going Forward
Despite uncertainty, we forecast a gradual recovery in the Japanese economy. In the third quarter of fiscal 2020, DECORTÉ and ALBION made a rapid recovery in the specialty cosmetics store channel, and fourth-quarter sales at department stores also rebounded. We aim to improve profitability by continuing to reinforce our sales infrastructure to prepare for a full-scale recovery.
E-commerce sales were strong in fiscal 2020, due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic, and we will continue to make strategic investments in this area in fiscal 2021 and thereafter. In addition to existing e-commerce sites for Maison KOSÉ, ADDICTION and JILL STUART, an official SEKKISEI online shop opened on April 13, 2021. We aim to communicate and spread understanding of brand value by projecting brand strategies through these sites.
In addition, the KOSÉ e-commerce platform we launched on April 20, 2021 has been introduced primarily in the specialty cosmetics store channel, while DECORTÉ can also be purchased online. We plan to expand the platform’s functions and are promoting introduction at more locations.
New DECORTÉ fragrance series KIMONO
We will provide new value in customer service by offering more personalized customer experiences both in the digital world and in physical stores by building new lines of communication through online counseling, among other measures.
For our domestic sales infrastructure, we will work to reinforce our business foundation through measures including promoting the KOSÉ e-commerce platform, establishing a new operating structure and wide-area organizational structure, and facilitating diverse work styles among our Beauty Consultants.
In May 2021, we rebranded the FASIO makeup brand, making it our first effort for a rapid recovery of mainstay brands that faced tough conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic. We will make further advances in product performance for the brand, which primarily targets women in their twenties, for a major transformation and evolution into a brand that faithfully conveys the user’s individuality and unique appeal.
The FASIO brand faithfully conveys the user’s individuality
Strategies Going Forward
The Asian market grew substantially in fiscal 2020, centered on e-commerce and travel retail, as economic activity returned to normal in China, where COVID-19 was suppressed at an early stage. In the rest of the region, conditions remain severe although sales have bottomed out.
We have been working to expand our presence in the Greater China market and will continue our focus there as a pillar of our growth strategy. Specifically, we have set our sights on China and the travel retail market, and we will revamp a portion of our portfolio of flagship global brands as we invest proactively for further growth.
Specific measures for fiscal 2021 will include stepping up our rollouts at department stores of DECORTÉ and SEKKISEI as
well as KOSÉ global sales counters that feature INFINITY. In the travel retail business, in addition to increasing the number of counters for DECORTÉ and SEKKISEI on Hainan Island and in cities, we plan to open a retail outlet for ALBION on Hainan Island.
We rebranded and relaunched SEKKISEI in September 2020 as a sustainable brand, and will step up our rollout of the SEKKISEI CLEAR WELLNESS series as a “clean products” brand at Sephora outlets. Together with SEKKISEI MIYABI—the ne plus ultra of the lineup—and the current SEKKISEI, the new series will enhance the brand’s presence and added value.
E-commerce rollouts for both DECORTÉ and ALBION will focus on Tmall.com. We also plan to open a flagship store on
A high-performance skin care brand launched in September 2020, Carté HD brings together the technologies and expertise of KOSÉ and Maruho Co., Ltd. for a new approach to skin care that utilizes the sensuous value of cosmetics and the functional value of medicinal products. The lineup includes lotions and emulsions with high moisturizing performance to provide total, meticulous care for each customer’s symptoms, concerns and everyday skin condition. The brand name, derived from the phrase “à la carte,” reflects its purpose of providing skin care tailored to specific customer concerns.
Carté HD high-performance skin care line
   22 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 23

 Tmall in August 2021, featuring INFINITY, ONE BY KOSÉ and other prestige KOSÉ brands. In addition, we plan to begin sales
of Tarte in China through cross-border e-commerce with the aim of maximizing the demand we attract in China.
 SEKKISEI CLEAR WELLNESS series
Rollout in China (as of December 31, 2020)
Strategies Going Forward
In fiscal 2020, e-commerce sales in North America and other markets were strong, but a second wave of COVID-19 infections forced many stores to close temporarily or shorten their business hours, which had a significant impact on business performance.
In fiscal 2021, the spread of infection is slowing in the United States and personal consumption is recovering, supported by the government’s economic measures and by vaccinations.
tarteletteTM in bloom clay palette
  DECORTÉ
 ALBION
 SEKKISEI
 ADDICTION
 KOSÉ
 Department stores* and others
38
9
11
74 (including 6 global sales
counters)
 Online
 Tmall (focused rollout)
 Started sales on Tmall in fiscal 2020
 Tmall, JD.com and others
 Tmall Global
  Travel retail*
 Hainan Island: 8 Cities: 16
  Cities: 2
     Plan for Fiscal 2021
  DECORTÉ
 ALBION
 SEKKISEI
 ADDICTION
 KOSÉ
 Department stores* and others
Up to 50
Focused rollout at prominent stores
Upto15 (increase sales at Sephora outlets as a“clean products” brand)
74(including 12 global sales counters)
 Online
 Tmall (focused rollout)
 Tmall (focused full-scale rollout)
 Tmall, JD.com and others
 Tmall Global
 Plan to open flagship prestige KOSÉ store on Tmall in August 2021
 Travel retail*
 Hainan Island: About 11
Cities: 17 or more
 Start sales on Hainan Island
 Hainan Island: 1 Cities: 2
    * Number of counters
Highlights
splash into SEA must haves set
We will continue to aim for further growth for Tarte through its e-commerce site tarte.com as well as retailers and the 24-hour TV shopping channel QVC.
We will also continue to expand the sales network for Tarte in fiscal 2021 and beyond. Specifically, we aim to grow by expanding distribution in the United States and selling products at more Sephora outlets in Europe. In addition, we intend to accelerate growth by focusing on the skin care category, among other measures, to further enhance our global presence.
 Stepping Up Sales of DECORTÉ in the Global Market
DECORTÉ celebrated its 50th anniversary in December 2020. The brand is currently sold in 14 countries and regions including China, which is driving sales. For the 50th anniversary, we positioned DECORTÉ at the core of KOSÉ’s high-prestige strategy in the global market under the brand message “Embrace your true beauty” with the aim of gaining the support of affluent customers worldwide who seek high added value.
 24 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 25
U.S. actor Brie Larson, the DECORTÉ brand muse
North America & Others
Review
Key Initiatives
Sales in North America & Others
北米
 ● E-commerce sales grew substantially
● Almost all stores that had temporarily closed due to
the pandemic reopened and sales began recovering
● Develop new sales channels for Tarte in the United States
● Expand the sales network for Tarte in Europe
(Billions of yen)
50 40 30 20 10
0
41.3 40.8
29.8
     2018 2019
2020 (FY)

   Growth Strategies
Progress of the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan
In the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan, we have set medium-to-long-term targets to be achieved by 2030. Each year, we summarize the status of our efforts and announce our progress toward these targets.
For People: Medium-to-Long-Term Targets of Activity Themes and Fiscal 2020 Progress
Activity Theme
 Indicators
 Target
 Achieve by
Fiscal 2020 Progress
 Relevant SDGs
 1
A source of adaptable products and services
  Ratio of products and services reflecting the concept of adaptability
 100%
  2030
• Defined three concepts of adaptability
• Established “Adaptability∞” (”Adaptability Eight”)
• Carried out specific activities for individual products and services
     2
Support for a beautiful, healthy and happy life
  Implementation of specific activities
   30 activities or more
   2030
 • Conducted demonstration trial for establishing the habit of applying sunscreen from early childhood
• Supported sports through participation in professional dance league
• Launched KOSÉ Maruho Pharma Co., Ltd. products
• Supported medical professionals and care workers
         Responsible palm oil procurement
  100%
   2030
• Promoted purchase of certified sustainable palm oil (RSPO* Credits through Book and Claim model)
* Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil
      3
Help create a world with true gender equality
  Gender equality awareness
  100,000 people or more
   2030
• Launched “KOSE IKUPAPA Support System,” to encourage male employees to take paternal leave
• Conducted seminars for building career awareness
• Provided tuition support (scholarships) at a girls’ junior high school in Tanzania and commemorative gifts to graduates (SEKKISEI)
          For the Earth: Medium-to-Long-Term Targets of Activity Themes and Fiscal 2020 Progress
 Activity Theme
 Indicators
 Target
 Achieve by
Fiscal 2020 Progress
 Relevant SDGs
 4
Use the theme of beauty to help solve environmental issues
  Area planted with coral reefs
 20,000 sq. m (About 53 times the area of
a 25 m regulation-size swimming pool)
   2030
• Promoted the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project
         Increase in awareness of environmental issues through products and services
 10 million people or more
   2030
• Activities involving the SEKKISEI brand
• Provided shopping baskets made from recycled marine plastic under the SEKKISEI brand
  5
Environmental programs in areas where KOSÉ operates
   Local community environmental conservation activities
20 activities or more
  2030
• Environmental conservation activities at overseas sites
• Cleanup activities in communities where KOSÉ production bases are located
     6
Lower the overall environmental impact of business operations
    Reduce SCOPE 1 and 2 CO2 emissions
 -35%
(target for total emission reduction vs. 2018)
  2030
 • Switched all purchased electricity at Gunma Factory to electricity from renewable energy sources
• Conducted fundamental review of number of sales vehicles used
     Reduce SCOPE 3 CO2 emissions
  -30%
 2030
 • Began collection of used product containers
   Sustainability-conscious design for plastic packaging materials
100%
  2030
• Began use of biomass plastic in SEKKISEI C LEAR WELLNESS
• Reduced use of plastic containers
    Reduce use of water resources through responsible practices
  -12% (Production units vs. 2018)
   2030
 • Promoted the 3 Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle) for water resources
       Responsible waste reduction/recycling
20 activities or more
  2030
• Repurposed trial-run cosmetics for making paint • Began collection of used product containers
    Non-recyclable waste
  0%
 2025
 • Assessed Company-wide waste situation at production bases
     Responsible palm oil procurement
 100%
 2030
• Promoted purchase of certified sustainable palm oil (RSPO Credits through Book and Claim model)
      Activity Themes and Their Impact on the Value Chain
Note: Themes with both a positive and negative impact
1432
The activity themes defined in the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan involve the entire product life cycle and value chain from planning, R&D and raw material procurement to disposal or reuse, but we expect them to have the greatest impact on our value chain in the areas shown below. The primary categories involve the entire value chain.
                   Activities increasing positive impacts
                         Planning R&D
Procurement
Manufacturing Logistics Transportation
Sales and Marketing Use
Disposal Reuse
      Activities minimizing negative impacts
            26 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 27
56

  Growth Strategies
For People
1
  1
A Source of Adaptable Products and Services
 Dedicated to being a source of beauty for everyone, the KOSÉ Group strives to offer the value of “beauty” while continually working to recognize the unique identity and values of each individual. By offering society beauty based on the concept of adaptability that provides a wide range of choices, we will help create a world where people with diverse backgrounds and characteristics—including skin tone and hair color, physical features, gender, sociocultural and geographical background by country or region, living environment, religion and creed—can live confidently and beautifully.
Developing Foundation to Bring Out the Beauty in Each Individual’s Skin
  Our Three Concepts of Adaptability
Foundation development at the Makeup Product Development Laboratories of KOSÉ Product Development Laboratory is one example of product design tailored to various skin tones and types, and is based on the latest global skin tone research.
Latent needs are shifting away from foundations that simply match skin tone toward those that achieve each individual’s ideal look and complement the person’s natural skin tone and texture. KOSÉ’s unique perspective came from noticing that the same skin tone could appear dramatically different depending on ambient light and lighting. This led us to begin research focusing on the relationship between skin tone and light. First, to capture the characteristics of diverse skin tones around the world, we gathered data on the optical properties of the skin of approximately 700 people, and used statistical analysis to group skin tones/types with similar optical properties. At this stage, we found that the skin concerns of people with similar skin characteristics were often similar, so we analyzed the optical properties that made skin tone/type look beautiful within each group. In addition to this approach, we studied preferences and conducted sensitivity research to better understand what kind of finished appearance and ideal look customers from around the world desire. Based on the insights we obtained, we are developing technologies for foundation that will bring out the beauty in each individual’s skin.
 To become even closer to customers around the world, the KOSÉ Group has summarized its global and universal approach to customers in one word: adaptability. Adaptability in our products and services enables customers to experience beauty in the best way for them. At the core of such adaptability is embracing diversity—in other words, being a source of beauty for everyone, as stated in VISION 2026.
Our approach is based on three concepts for describing the diversity at the core of our adaptability, and we are carrying out initiatives for each. The first is “physical.” We create value tailored to the physical attributes of each individual, such as gender, biological sex, age, and skin and hair type. The second is “mind.” We create value that respects diverse ideas, beliefs and gender identities, and it is not confined to specific ideas or values. The third is “social attributes.” We create value from social and global perspectives that transcend race, language and country.
Based on these three concepts, we have established eight initiatives. These are 1) Excluding no one, 2) Blending diverse cultures, 3) Adapted to all skin and hair types, 4) User-friendly and simple, 5) Unfettered by gender, 6) Respectful expression, 7) Harmonizing with personal beliefs, and 8) Transcending age
Eight Initiatives
Excluding no one
Blending diverse cultures
Adapted to all skin and hair types
constraints. We call these themes “Adaptability∞” (“Adaptability Eight”). We will focus on these key concepts as the basis of the value we create in our activities and initiatives as we develop and provide products in our dedication to being a source of beauty for everyone.
Our Three Concepts of Adaptability
Data map of optical properties of skin
  Physical
Mind Social Attributes
Interview to investigate tonal preferences
  Examples of Adaptability Initiatives in Products   ■ Braille Packaging
KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp. has adopted universal design including Braille labels, to make products that are more user-friendly for everyone, starting with people with visual impairments. In fiscal 2020, we launched disinfectant products with Braille labelling.
■ Genderless Concept Magnifique
KOSÉ Cosmeport has introduced a new genderless concept brand that goes beyond conventional ideas of gender, while still being based on high-quality standards that come from ongoing research into women’s beauty.
■ Use of Universal Design Font
For descriptions on the outer packaging of products, primarily KOSÉ’s prestige brands, we switched to a font and font size that are easier for anyone to read, thus enhancing usability for all customers.*
* Introduced for certain new products released September 2020 or later
         User-friendly and simple
Unfettered by gender
Respectful expression
Harmonizing with personal beliefs
Transcending age constraints
      28 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 29

The achievement of health and happiness is one of life’s fundamental goals. KOSÉ’s efforts to support this goal reflect our consideration not only for the customers who use our products and services, but for all our stakeholders, people in our value chain around the world and the next generation. Through these activities and our business operations, we strive to help solve social issues in ways such as improving quality of life, promoting health awareness through support for sports, raising the awareness of the next generation and promoting responsible procurement that includes respect for human rights.

According to the World Health Organization, roughly half of an average person’s lifelong exposure to ultraviolet radiation from the sun comes before the age of 18. To establish and promote the habit of applying sunscreen from early childhood, we are therefore collaborating on a project to protect beauty and health from UV rays based on a proposal from Sunshine Delight, Inc. that was chosen by the KOSÉ Accelerator Program* in fiscal 2019.
In Japan, clear understanding of UV protection from early childhood is not widespread, and adequate conditions for practicing sun safety are not well established. Proper UV protection beginning in early childhood can help prevent future skin problems. According to a questionnaire survey of 500 parents and guardians conducted by KOSÉ, 86% said that if sunscreen were available in preschool facilities, they would want their children to use it. Based on these comments and the opinions of nursery teachers, we produced educational materials to help children learn the importance of sun
safety, and collaborated with Sunshine Delight to develop a gentle-formula sunscreen in a large-volume pump bottle.
A demonstration trial conducted in fiscal 2020 confirmed that the use of educational tools such as songs and picture books was effective in getting children to adopt the habit of applying sunscreen themselves. Therefore, we made the decision to start a full-fledged business introducing educational materials and sunscreen as a set for preschool facilities.
This kind of sun protection awareness program for preschools helps teach the importance of using sunscreen, and encourages and supports children in practicing sun safety for themselves. At the same time, we will actively work to create new value that contributes to solving future skin problem issues.
* A program that solicits ideas and technologies from startup companies with
the aim of creating new value. Under the program, participants from startup companies and employees of KOSÉ recruited via the Link in-house venture system, form collaborative teams to take on the challenge of new businesses.

As part of our measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19, we provided alcohol-based hand sanitizer free of charge to preschools. Starting April 2020, we provided more than 30,000 bottles of hand sanitizer through Childsha Co., Ltd., which does business with many preschools, enabling nursery teachers and children to help prevent the spread of infection.
We will continue to take various measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and respond quickly to the changing pandemic situation.

The growth of the KOSÉ Group will require the capabilities of every one of our more than 14,000 employees worldwide. In addition, as a company that creates beauty for people, we have continued to propose new value for the lives of many people. That is why we believe the messages we communicate to society will help create a future where there is no more gender gap, not only in Japan but all around the world. We promote and proactively engage in awareness-raising activities to help realize a society where everyone can play an active role regardless of gender.

Workplaces in which employees can work energetically and in their own way are tied to the vitality of the whole company. Therefore, we offer flexible work arrangements to accommodate the life events of individual employees, regardless of gender, and have established workplace environments that empower all employees to perform to their full potential.
■ Career Planning Seminar to Help Employees Be Who They Want to Be
Proactively designing a career plan is important for employees to realize their aspirations and to become who they want to be. To help in that process, we conducted a career planning seminar focused on mid-level female employees that is aimed at cultivating employees who act independently from a management perspective, with external director Yukino Kikuma as a lecturer. By encouraging employees to look at their careers from new angles and fostering the awareness and climate for them to build their own careers and grow, we will cultivate people who build experience and succeed while planning for their future career positions.
■ Introduction of "KOSÉ IKUPAPA Support System" for Men
We believe that active participation in childcare by fathers is important for both fathers and mothers to be active in the workplace. So, in addition to supporting female employees, we have introduced a paternal leave system. In FY2020, the “KOSÉ IKUPAPA Support System,” which is a system to support fathers of newborn babies, was introduced to encourage male employees to take paternal leave. In order to raise awareness among employees and their superiors, KOSÉ provides individual support, such as advice on how to use the system, and provides support grants to male employees taking paternal leave.
We conduct a wide range of programs, including training designed to build motivation, seminars on the importance of diversity in the workplace and career plan development, and promote people to leadership positions based on appropriate employee evaluations.

For the Earth
4
4
  Use the Theme of Beauty to Help Solve Environmental Issues
 It is important to us to provide all kinds of value related to beauty through our business activities, beyond just cosmetic products that are an intimate part of consumers’ lives. We will continue to conduct activities that help solve environmental issues by providing added value in products and services such as the SEKKISEI brand, with beauty as the central theme. By communicating these activities to the general public, we will also make more consumers conscious of environmental issues and foster awareness of solving these issues under the theme of beauty.
Environmental Conservation Activities through the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE Project
  Rebranding of SEKKISEI to Incorporate Sustainability
KOSÉ is conducting the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project, which
focuses on environmental conservation and awareness-raising
activities. In this project, we donate a portion of sales from
selected SEKKISEI brand products purchased by customers
during seasonal campaigns to environmental conservation
efforts. Since 2009, funds from the summer campaign have
been donated to a coral-planting program in Okinawa, and in
2018, the tenth year of the project, we also launched a winter
campaign to fund forest conservation activities in the Tohoku
region, further developing this as a project to protect our blue
planet. Globally, we are developing activities in nine countries
and regions5 that are based on the unique features of each area.
5. China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and the United States
Summer Campaign
  At KOSÉ, we believe that showing consideration for the environment in the products we provide is not only important , but that it also provides an opportunity to increase customer awareness of environmental issues. That is why our development makes a conscious effort to address various environmental issues from the product design stage. SEKKISEI recently underwent its first rebranding since its launch 35 years ago, and for the new CLEAR WELLNESS product series, we incorporated many sustainability-related elements. Specifically, we made changes to containers and packaging materials that will contribute to reduced CO2 emissions. These changes include adopting biomass plastic containers, reducing plastic usage in packaging materials, and discontinuing the use of clear plastic film on outer packaging. For outer packaging, we began using corrugated cardboard, which has a recycling rate above 90% in Japan. Furthermore, for the
printing on products, we adopted biomass ink, which is more biodegradable and thus has less environmental impact, and on outer packaging, we have adopted the universal design font that we have selected for use throughout KOSÉ. We replaced package inserts and pamphlets with QR codes that link to digital versions.
We will continue to broaden our sustainability promotion activities1 with SEKKISEI as the representative brand driving those activities.
Fiscal 2021 campaign poster
 To help reduce the use of plastic, an issue of international concern, we are also focusing our efforts on collection and recycling of used containers. With SEKKISEI, we will expand the SEKKISEI Earth Beauty Program,2 a plastic container collection program. Customers can support the program by depositing used KOSÉ brand skin-care containers3 into an original collection box.4 For recycling, we partner in a collection program operated by TerraCycle Japan in which collection partners earn redeemable points according to the amount collected. We donate our points to SeaSeed, a partner of the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project, to cover the cost of growing corals in Okinawa, thereby helping to protect the natural environment. Through this recycling program, we are helping to take care of valuable finite resources and contribute even more to the realization of a sustainable circular economy. In the future, we will consider expanding this program internationally.
In addition, we are a partner in the Loop circular shopping platform operated by Loop Japan. We are currently developing a reusable cosmetics container, and aim to begin sales using the Loop platform.
2. Name changed from SEKKISEI Recycling Program (August 2020)
3. Plastic containers only
4. In KOSÉ sales areas of 33 AEON and AEON Style stores throughout Japan
Original collection box
From Cosmetics to Paint: Recycling Initiatives
In the quality control process, some cosmetic products never reach the market. For that reason, we are supporting a cosmetics recycling business conducted by MÅNGATA Corporation, a company that creates new value and enjoyment through initiatives such as making paint from unused or unwanted cosmetics. As a cosmetics company that creates beauty for people, KOSÉ supports the establishment of systems such as this one for repurposing cosmetics that are no longer useful, and sharing the importance of sustainable resource use with the general public.
Paints made from recycled cosmetics
1. KOSÉ Sustainability Plan
(announced in April 2020) https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/content/uploads/2021/05/210430_kose_ sustainability_plan_EN.ver4_.pdf
Winter Campaign
Outer packaging made of corrugated cardboard
Fiscal 2020
Number of corals planted: 636
Area: 3,878,493 sq. cm (approx. 1.03 times the area of a regulation-size short-course 25-meter pool)
Fiscal 2009-2020 total
Fiscal 2018-2020 total
Number of corals planted: 17,978
Area: 109,072,619 sq. cm (approx. 29.0 times the area of a regulation-size short-course 25-meter pool)
Number of trees planted: 418
 Promoting Recycling with Plastic Container Collection Program
Fiscal 2020
Donated a portion of sales to fund tree planting
Note: Tree planting was not done due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
     32 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 33

  For the KOSÉ Group to carry out its corporate activities sustainably, we believe it is important to consider the environment in regions where we manufacture products or offer services, and to give back to those regions. We strive to protect the environment and work in partnership with stakeholders in the regions where KOSÉ operates.
 
The SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project, which KOSÉ initiated in Japan in 2009, was expanded to various other countries and regions starting in 2011. For a limited time each year, we donate a portion of sales from selected SEKKISEI products to environmental conservation programs according to the needs of each area. Employees of local subsidiaries also participate in activities such as tree planting and removing marine plastic from beaches.*

China
We donate a portion of sales from selected products to NPO-Green Life to cover the costs of desert greening in Inner Mongolia.
Thailand
We donate a portion of sales from selected products to the Marine and Coastal Resources Research and Development Center, Eastern Gulf of Thailand to help protect sea turtles and preserve coral reefs around Koh Mannai, Rayong Province.TaiwanWe donate a portion of sales from selected products to Taiwan Eco-Angel Environment Conservation Association to cover the costs of coral cultivation.SingaporeWe donate a portion of sales from selected products to the charity Garden City Fund to cover coral reef conservation costs.Hong KongIn support of a coral planting project in Okinawa, Japan, we donate a portion of sales from selected products to cover the costs of coral cultivation.MalaysiaWe donate a portion of sales from selected products to the NGO Reef Check Malaysia for conservation of coral reefs off Terengganu.
South Korea
In cooperation with Tree Planet, an NPO that provides forest-building services, we plan to carry out “SEKKISEI forest-building” at Noeul Park (Sunset Park) in Seoul, and will continue to support tree planting activities.IndonesiaCharitable activities were not carried out in 2020 due to COVID-19.United StatesWe donate a portion of sales from selected products to the Coral Reef Alliance, an NGO.

In Japan, we are actively engaged in environmental conservation activities around production bases. Reflecting the importance we place on harmony with local communities, production departments carry out cleanup activities every month. We will continue this cleanup program to help beautify communities and conserve the environment as part of our overall contribution to society.

In Japan, we are actively engaged in environmental conservation activities around production bases. Reflecting the importance we place on harmony with local communities, production departments carry out cleanup activities every month. We will continue this cleanup program to help beautify communities and conserve the environment as part of our overall contribution to society.


The KOSÉ Group conducted a material analysis of sustainability- related issues. As a result, in the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan, we positioned addressing the environment and climate change as an essential management issue in our efforts to drive business growth while helping achieve a sustainable society. In October 2020, we announced our support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and joined the TCFD Consortium, an organization of Japanese companies and other institutions that support the TCFD recommendations.
Based on the TCFD recommendations, we will disclose information to stakeholders on the business risks and opportunities caused by climate change from the four perspectives of governance, strategy, risk management and indexes/goals. We will also continue to make Group-wide efforts to reduce CO2 emissions.

The KOSÉ Group views sustainability-related issues as management issues, and has established a system for promoting solutions to such issues. Specifically, we established the Sustainability Committee chaired by the President & CEO. This committee proposes sustainability strategies to and receives approval from the Management Committee, and then reports the results to the Board of Directors. As chairperson, the President & CEO is also responsible for evaluation and monitoring related to climate change. In addition, in fiscal 2020 we established subcommittees and projects for CO2 emission reduction and other individual themes to promote more effective cross-departmental activities.

For organizational risks related to climate change, the Risk Management and Compliance Committee is in charge of enterprise risk management and leads the identification and assessment of risks at the corporate level. Among them we have made climate change an essential factor in our consideration of energy usage, CO2 emissions, water consumption, and waste water. We take into account climate change-related physical risks in many areas of planning, including in our business continuity plan. The Sustainability Committee and the Risk Management and Compliance Committee are monitoring climate change-related issues based on these frameworks.

6■ Strategy (Scenario Analysis)
The KOSÉ Group is conducting scenario analysis in accordance
with the TCFD recommendations to examine the transition risks and physical risks associated with climate change. In this analysis, companies evaluate the financial impact of climate change under the TCFD's scenarios of a 2°C and a 4°C rise in average global temperatures, and disclose information on their initiatives. We are also using the TCFD scenarios as a reference in examining business strategies to realize the KOSÉ Group’s envisioned future for society and the planet. In the scenario analysis, we identify risks and opportunities in procurement
The KOSÉ Group’s Risks and Opportunities
and demand for our products and services not just in the short term, but also with a medium-to-long-term view toward 2030 and beyond, based on the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan, which outlines the Group’s sustainability initiatives and targets to achieve by 2030. We then prioritize and evaluate important factors. Furthermore, of these factors, we identify those with the greatest physical and transition impact as a measure for evaluating the potential impact of climate change on the KOSÉ Group. We also analyze the degree of financial impact of risks and opportunities.
■ Specific Activities
At the Gunma Factory, one of our main production facilities,
we switched all of the electricity we purchase to electricity from renewable energy sources from January 2021. Over a full year, this will be equivalent to approximately 23% of the amount of greenhouse gas emissions from energy and purchased electricity at all KOSÉ Group locations, using fiscal 2018 as the base year.
At KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD., we are promoting car sharing to reduce the number of sales vehicles used. We also conducted a fundamental review of sales operations, and are taking steps to achieve further reductions.
■ Indicators and Targets
Based on the results of the scenario analysis, the KOSÉ Group
realized it was critical to set some bold targets for CO2
emission reduction in its operations to contribute to keeping the rise in average atmospheric temperatures within 2°C.  Accordingly, we set targets for the reduction of CO2 greenhouse gas emissions as one of the activity themes in the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan, because CO2 is a greenhouse gas that the KOSÉ Group is likely to emit. In March 2021, we revised the reduction target for CO2 emissions from the energy we use and from generation of the electricity we purchase (SCOPE 1 and 2) to 35% from 28%, and set a new target of a 30% reduction for emissions across the value chain (SCOPE 3) (both targets vs. fiscal 2018). Each has been approved as a Science Based Target by the international Science Based Targets initiative.
The KOSÉ Group is now carrying out ambitious initiatives to curb CO2 emissions with a broad perspective, from our own business activities to the entire value chain.
We remain dedicated to taking effective action on climate change and a range of other social issues, and thereby help realize a healthy future for the Earth in which everyone can live with peace of mind.
KOSÉ Gunma Factory
Breakdown of 2020 Greenhouse Gas Emissions by SCOPE (Kilotons of CO2)
 Analysis
Risks/Opportunities
Effect
Size of Impact* on KOSÉ
Summary
2°C
4°CTransition RisksShift in consumer demand to
environmentally friendly products; Decrease decline in reputation due to in sales passive response
++In the 2°C scenario, a passive environmental response would lead
— to lower sales of our products as environmental awareness among
consumers increases.
In the 2°C scenario, the imposition of a carbon tax, including on
— suppliers, would lead to increases in our operating and
procurement costs.
In the 2°C scenario, stronger plastic regulations would make it
— necessary to procure biomass plastics and recycled plastics, leading
to an increase in costs.
  Stronger restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions; introduction of carbon pricing (affecting KOSÉ and suppliers)
Increase in costs++Substitution of plastic materials due to introduction of restrictions on plastics
Increase in costs++
Production restrictions due to introduction of restrictions on water intake and discharge
Decrease in sales
+
++Water stress increases and the introduction of related water intake restrictions in the regions where we operate as a result of climate change, could lead to lost sales opportunities due to suspension of production operations. This impact would likely occur in the 2°C scenario, but we assume it would be even more significant in the 4°C scenario.Physical RisksIncrease in raw material procurement Increase risk due to climate change in costs
+
++If the global yields of palm oil and other raw materials used in our products and containers change as a result of rising temperatures, our procurement costs could also change.Suspension of factory operations due to damage from floods or other disasters
Decrease in sales+
++If increasingly severe natural disasters affect any of our factories, sales of our products could decrease due to temporary shutdowns of factories.Damage to production facilities and supply chain disruptions caused by abnormal weather
Decrease in sales
Increase in costs
+
++If increasingly severe natural disasters affect any of our factories, costs such as repair and rebuilding expenses could arise. If the production bases and inventory storage locations of suppliers are similarly affected by natural disasters, there is a risk that the supply of our products could be interrupted.OpportunitiesIncreased demand for sunscreen and UV protection products due to increasing UV exposure
Increase in sales+
++If UV exposure in daily life increases, the number of people who need UV protection products and the frequency of use could increase, resulting in increased sales of those products.Increased demand for cooling
products and makeup smudging Increase prevention products due to rising in sales temperatures
+
++In cosmetics-related products such as skin lotion and foundation, if needs for products that provide a cooling sensation and prevent makeup from smudging increase along with rising temperatures, sales of those products could increase.Improvement of brand value due to reduction of the environmental footprint of our products
Increase in sales++As environmental awareness increases throughout society, our
— ability to achieve and publicize a reduction in our environmental
footprint could have a positive effect in marketing.
An increase in the perceived added value of providing low-carbon
— and non-plastic products and services could have a positive effect
on revenue.
 Development and expansion of products and services with reduced environmental impact
Increase in sales++Improved cost competitiveness from renewable energy and energy-saving equipment
Decrease in costs++
+The purchase of renewable energy and introduction of energy- saving equipment would lead to a decrease in our energy costs. In particular, in the 2°C scenario, while electricity prices will be higher than their current level, renewable energy purchase prices will fall, so purchasing renewable energy will provide cost advantages.7
233
9
16
  57 52 4
SCOPE 1
SCOPE 3
Purchased goods and services
Capital goods
Fuel- and energy-related activities not included in SCOPE 1 or 2
Upstream transportation and distribution
26 4
Fiscal 2020 Total Emissions
693 kilotons of CO2
330
 SCOPE 2 (market-based)
Waste generated in operations
Business travel
Employee commuting
Use of sold products
End-of-life treatment of sold products
  * —: minimal impact
+: some impact
++: substantial impact
36 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 37

Mind to Follow the Right Path Human Rights Initiatives
The KOSÉ Group recognizes its potential for directly or indirectly affecting human rights in the course of conducting business.
To supplement the KOSÉ Group Action Guidelines, which stipulate that the Group shall act with respect for the human rights of all persons with whom it is involved, we established the KOSÉ Group Human Rights Policy in February 2020. Based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), the policy has been formulated to support and respect various international principles. In fiscal 2020, we used this policy as the basis for identifying and ameliorating supply chain issues as part of our efforts to respect human rights as a member of global society.
Considering Human Rights in Raw Material Procurement (Supply Chain Management)
Human Resource Development
To become a company with a global presence, the KOSÉ Group needs the skills of world-class human resources who anticipate changes around the world and continue to create unique value. That is why we have made developing human resources one of our material issues and are implementing various measures to cultivate people of well-rounded character and creativity to support the sustainable growth of the KOSÉ Group from a medium-to-long-term perspective.
Developing Human Resources Who Generate Innovation
   The aim of KOSÉ’s management since its founding has been co-existence and co-prosperity, emphasizing relationships with business partners. We strive to provide safe and reliable products to our customers and to conduct activities for sustainability throughout the supply chain in Japan and overseas.
As part of those efforts, to continuously identify and address human rights issues, we use a questionnaire to conduct annual monitoring of suppliers for sustainable procurement.1 For suppliers who do not meet the standards
we have set in the questionnaire,2 we investigate and reconfirm the details covered, conduct interviews as necessary and send our requests for improvement in the following fiscal year.
In an increasingly globalized and borderless world where the market environment and customer needs change rapidly,
it is essential to instill diversity and inclusion in corporate culture and to develop human resources with diverse personalities, backgrounds and features. We aim to develop innovation-oriented human resources capable of thinking beyond precedent or conventional wisdom, who can consistently play an active role by leveraging their creativity.
Through the Link* innovation creation program, which we have been conducting since fiscal 2017, we are working to generate and commercialize new products and services from novel ideas by combining KOSÉ’s strengths and accumulated internal resources with the latest technologies and fresh ideas from external start-up companies, based on the enthusiasm and spirit of challenge of employees.
Sixteen members from throughout Japan participated in the Link program for fiscal 2020, collaborating with an innovation program from a venture capital fund (World Innovation Lab (WiL)) in an attempt to identify customer needs through the use of “design thinking” techniques to create and provide new value.
Moreover, as part of COVID-19 countermeasures, the program made full use of the Internet and digital technologies to incorporate research and work using online tools. The resulting environment was conducive to frequent and
A New Work Style for the New Normal
To become a company with a global presence, we provide an environment adapted to various systemic reforms and diverse work styles, thereby enabling diverse employees to fully realize their potential.
In fiscal 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic led to substantial changes in the workplace environment, in addition to
meaningful communication among participants, including those in remote locations and overseas, leading to more expeditious and deeper discussion.
Progress report meeting being conducted partially online
* An in-house venture program that gathers various members from across departmental boundaries to bring together diverse insights. We are also incorporating open innovation to create value through collaboration with external partners possessing technologies and knowledge that KOSÉ lacks.
changes in the social environment and market needs.
To accelerate our initiatives to highlight the capabilities of
each of our diverse employees and create new value that is more than just an extension of what has come before, we have established a new work style policy that incorporates three perspectives for the “new normal” (see page 40).
1.
2.
Monitoring is conducted using the Sustainable Procurement Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ). For the content of the SAQ, we excerpted relevant items from the CSR Procurement Self-Assessment Questionnaire published by the UN Global Compact Network Japan and prepared our own questionnaire in line with our Sustainable Procurement Guidelines for suppliers.
See Business Operations with Transparency and Fairness on page 43.
  Initiatives to Respect Human Rights
  2005
2019
2019
2020
2021
Formulated the KOSÉ Group Code of Conduct
Inaugurated a project to formulate a human rights policy
Formulated the KOSÉ Group Human Rights Policy
Conducted initiatives based on the Human Rights Policy
Accelerating adoption of initiatives based on the Human Rights Policy
The Group Code of Conduct, which stipulates respect for human rights and compliance with laws and regulations, was set forth in the KOSÉ Group Action Guidelines. We made several revisions thereafter in accord with the times, and worked for its penetration and implementation.
We inaugurated a project to formulate a human rights policy specifically to supplement the KOSÉ Group Action Guidelines. Sixteen members from seven departments deepened their understanding of human rights through participation in seminars and workshops.
After discussions among the project members, we formulated the KOSÉ Group Human Rights Policy, which specifies the Group’s stance on respect for human rights.
We made the Human Rights Policy known throughout the Group and announced it publicly. Moreover, in our efforts to deal with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have kept human rights in mind. In the Company, we have given the highest priority to the health of our employees, promptly establishing systems for telecommuting (excluding some bases), staggered commuting hours and other measures. For society in general, we donated cosmetics to support the mental health of medical professionals and care workers. (See page 15.)
To further accelerate the adoption of our initiatives, we will broaden the way we measure our impact on human rights based on the human rights due diligence process, and provide in-house training so that employees understand the importance of respect for human rights.
       38 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 39
  Three Perspectives for a New Work Style in the New Normal
Only the Safest, Most Reliable, High-Quality Products
“Only one product out of millions of cosmetics delivered to the market reaches the customer, so cherish the one.” Based on this belief, the KOSÉ Group aims for unique raw material procurement and production processes that provide customers with safe, reliable cosmetics, taking pride that KOSÉ is synonymous with quality.
Delivering KOSÉ Quality to the World as Our Founder Intended
 Create an environment supportive of diverse work styles
     Mechanisms for generating ideas that are not mere extensions of what has come before
One by
One Style
Allowing for work styles that suit each individual
Three perspectives for a new work style
Use of digital technology for more vibrant communication
Kozaburo Kobayashi, who founded the Company in 1946, believed KOSÉ had a duty to develop products of superior quality that would make consumers happy. Persistent supply shortages in the postwar years meant that KOSÉ scrambled to procure high-quality ingredients and conduct thorough quality control, yet took pride in being known to customers as a company that delivered quality. This commitment has been passed down to us today as we pursue the highest quality at each stage of the entire value chain. In the 1970s, we were quick to introduce quality control using scientific methods at our production sites, and in 1980 we marked a domestic cosmetics industry first when our Manufacturing Department won a Deming Prize.1 We subsequently acquired management standard ISO 9001 and global cosmetics (cosmetics GMP2) standard ISO 22716 certifications in our ongoing commitment to quality.
Appreciation for the refined, high-quality cosmetics made in Japan is growing worldwide. At the same time, there is also an increasing need for an adaptable approach, with sustainable
products tailored to each individual customer. We also plan to establish a new eco-friendly facility, the Minami Alps Factory (provisional name), as a new production base for handling personalized products. We will proactively enhance our sustainable production and supply structure and promote technological innovation to deliver the ultimate in quality.
1. An award given in Japan to companies and individuals who have successfully implemented total quality management of industrial products
2. Cosmetics Good Manufacturing Practices: Technical standards for control of production and quality of cosmetics and other products
Product inspection
    Meet Inspiration Ideas through serendipitous
encounters
Career Design for Beauty Consultants
For our Beauty Consultants, who work in stores and other retail locations, we have been providing support for future career options including positions in employee training, store management and sales, and at the head office (in planning, product development or other departments), in addition to improving their skills in retail sales.
In fiscal 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic led to restrictions on activities in stores where Beauty Consultants work. However, KOSÉ viewed this situation not as a setback but an opportunity to develop new channels for interaction with customers, utilize communication tools, and create novel opportunities for Beauty Consultants to play an active role.
DX
Communications
Transcending distance with the power of digital technology
  We have been planning training to help Beauty Consultants think about career design that incorporates the possibility of expanding their field of activity from their traditional duties centered on stores and lays the foundation for them to proactively and independently carve out their own career paths. Training consists of three phases: a survey of career awareness, fostering career awareness, and support for individual career development. In fiscal 2020, we conducted a program to survey and foster career awareness, centered on the staff who train Beauty Consultants. Going forward, by expanding the training program to all Beauty Consultants and fostering their career awareness, we will cultivate Beauty Consultants who will generate new value.
New employees
Mid-level employees
Quality Control That Prioritizes Peace of Mind and Safety
 Cosmetics come in direct contact with the skin and hair, so it is important that we ensure customers can use our products with peace of mind. As such, we prioritize safety in the development of new products through rigorous and repeated evaluations in line with high quality standards at each step from raw materials to finished products. Before putting products on the market, for final confirmation of safety we run them through tests under the various conditions in which they are expected to be used.
KOSÉ has built a system in which the Quality Assurance Department and the Product Development Department work together from the initial stage of development to evaluate the safety of new products. This system enables us to rapidly create products that give customers peace of mind and are safe while placing a premium on novel viewpoints and imaginative approaches. Furthermore, while giving the highest priority to safety, we develop our cosmetics, including quasi-drugs, under a policy of using testing methods that do not involve animals.
Quality Assurance in the KOSÉ Group’s New Product Development
 Various evaluations and confirmation
Deliberation on product quality
Improvement
Product development
Improvement
Production
Follow-up
Post-launch quality assessment
         Laws and regulations, patents, safety, antiseptic and antifungal properties, usability, sensory assessment, efficacy, outer packaging review, scalability confirmation and stability assessment
  Customer Service and Retail Sales
  40 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
Repeated evaluation and confirmation by Quality Assurance Department and Product Development Department at each step, with adjustments and improvements made in the course of development and production
Checks at three months following launch and thereafter
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 41
Product review
Review of
customer comments about the product
Quality confirmation (over time)
   Sales, Head Office Staff, Beauty Specialists, etc.
Store Management, Training Staff and Other Management
Customer Service and Retail Sales Specialists
 For details: https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/sustainability/customer/
Customer feedback for new products
Thereafter
Three months following launch
Launch
Production
Mass production trial at a factory Product review
Design reviews (multiple times)

  Customer’s Perspective
We promote engagement to be “closer to our customers” so that they are truly satisfied with every one of our cosmetics. The entire KOSÉ Group takes a thoroughgoing stance of delivering the value customers demand from their perspective.
“Closer to Our Customers”—A Product Development Process Based on Design Thinking
Transparent and Fair Business Operations
Since its founding, the KOSÉ Group has pursued co-existence and co-prosperity with all of its employees and business partners. While fulfilling our responsibilities as a member of the global community, we work with our employees and business partners to promote sustainability for a better future for people and the global environment.
Promoting Sustainability in the Supply Chain
We conduct sustainable, socially and environmentally responsible procurement for raw materials in line with our Basic Procurement Policy. We promote detailed information exchange with suppliers to develop mutual understanding of pertinent issues and use questionnaires to track environment-oriented responses and respect for human rights.
  The KOSÉ Group established the slogan “Closer to Our Customers” for internal use and in April 2018 announced its Declaration of Consumer Orientation. It signifies that each employee thoroughly adopts an approach of taking the viewpoint of customers to deliver cosmetics with value, and has been in use since it was set forth as the basic policy of KOSÉ’s medium-term management plan for fiscal 2011. We intend to step up our efforts to further advance a customer viewpoint in the activities of all departments.
In product manufacturing, for instance, for some time we have been making products that utilize customer feedback. However, to create products with greater adaptability than before, we have come to consider it important to incorporate opinions from consumers with diverse backgrounds and features in addition to our usual customers. We have thus established a product development process rooted in consideration of all kinds of consumers (see figure at right).
Specifically, we have introduced quantitative and qualitative surveys of consumers in each target group at each stage of the product development process.
For example, when developing the product itself, we conduct product tests during initial development then conduct consumer surveys on usability and other factors. The results are then incorporated in the overall development
process, and the direction of development is adjusted. By repeating these steps at each stage, we develop products that reflect consumer feedback.
In this way, we will put consumers at the core of our product creation to achieve a true customer perspective that incorporates adaptability.
Product Development Process Applying Design Thinking Techniques
 Monitoring Activities for Sustainable Procurement
In fiscal 2020, we conducted a questionnaire survey of suppliers who together account for 95.8% of our procured goods by cost. For suppliers whose response scores did not meet our standards, we investigated and reconfirmed the details covered, conducted interviews as required and requested their cooperation in making improvements for the next fiscal year. We will continue to promote sustainable procurement through initiatives such as this.
Emphasizing a Sense of Partnership with Suppliers
KOSÉ holds a policy meeting with its suppliers once a year to explain the KOSÉ Group’s policies, business plan and purchasing policy. A party is also held at this event to show our gratitude and to recognize those suppliers who have contributed significantly to our success, particularly to our business results, improved quality and environmental considerations.
The scale of the event was smaller than usual in fiscal 2020 due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. It was held in KoCoLabo, a multipurpose space in our head office in Nihonbashi, Tokyo, where award-winning suppliers were invited to a ceremony with infection countermeasures in place. We also asked suppliers for their continued cooperation in our ongoing pursuit of higher quality and sustainability.
A party to show our gratitude to suppliers, held in conjunction with the fiscal 2020 policy meeting
  Product Creation in Which Improvements Reflect Customer Feedback
The Quality Assurance Department, which includes the Customer Service Center, takes the lead in proactively handling feedback received by the Company to reflect valuable opinions and requests from customers in development and improvements for better products and services. The department promptly and appropriately shares customer feedback with related internal departments in the form of a monthly customer feedback report and has established a feedback database that can be accessed at any time. It also regularly holds meetings with related departments to discuss specific suggestions for improvement from the Customer Service Center based on customer feedback, leading to product refinements and renewals.
We will continue to consider sustainability in developing products and services, including products that are easy for all customers to use and more eco-friendly products.
Establishment of Compliance Help Desk
We have established a Compliance Help Desk to handle inquiries from both inside and outside the Company for early detection of illegal acts (including bribery and all other forms of misconduct) and violations of internal rules, including human rights issues such as bullying and harassment. We have set up contact points for employees both in Japan and overseas, and make all employees aware of their existence through training and other methods. In addition, to emphasize our relationships of trust with our business partners and conduct business operations with transparency and fairness on both sides, we have established a contact point on our website for receiving consultations and reports from our business partners. When we receive a consultation or report regarding a compliance violation, we have a system in place to properly investigate it and to respond in good faith. For example, whenever we receive a report of wrongdoing, infringement of human rights, or violation of laws and regulations, internal rules or the KOSÉ Group Code of Conduct by an employee or officer of the KOSÉ Group, or on hearing of concerns regarding any of the above, we ensure that the anonymity of the reporting party is protected and that he/she does not suffer any disadvantage. The Compliance Committee acts on the reported information fairly and sincerely with advice from external lawyers and works to swiftly ascertain and promptly resolve the problem.
Post-launch re-evaluation
Insight research
Consumers
Concept design
Launch
Product development
Final pre-launch evaluation
Package development
   42 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 43
Case Study of Product Improvement Reflecting Customer Feedback
● Improvement to Make the Brush Location Immediately Apparent
Visée FOGGY ON CHEEKS comes in a two-compartment case with the brush stored in the lower compartment. Although an explanation was printed on the outer box, feedback indicated that some customers could not find the brush. When the product was renewed in November 2019, the container specifications were improved so that opening the upper lid of the case also caused the lower lid to rise, revealing the brush beneath.
Visée FOGGY ON CHEEKS N
renewed product
  For details: https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/sustainability/management/

   The Foundation for Our Value Creation
External Recognition
Inclusion in ESG Indices KOSÉ Corporation has been selected as a constituent stock of the following ESG indices.
Messages from External Directors
FTSE4Good Index Series
(https://www.ftserussell.com/products/indices/FTSE4Good)
2020 Constituent MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)
(https://www.msci.com/msci-japan-empowering-women-index)
THE INCLUSION OF KOSÉ Corporation IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF KOSÉ Corporation BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
FTSE Blossom Japan
(https://www.ftserussell.com/products/indices/blossom-japan)
S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
(https://www.jpx.co.jp/english/markets/indices/carbon-efficient/)
Aiming for True Diversity and Inclusion
I recently gave a lecture for female employees. They were a promising group, and I could sense their determination to help make KOSÉ a better company. People talk about the need for diversity, but simply achieving diversity on its own is meaningless. I believe that diversity also requires inclusion, where there is respect for the opinions of every individual, and all are equally able to make their voices heard. This year, KOSÉ’s initiatives have been externally recognized, including designation as a Semi-Nadeshiko brand, but I hope that rather than settling for the status quo, KOSÉ continues to aim for true diversity and inclusion.
Creating New Value
The COVID-19 pandemic has made it impossible to carry on our lives and businesses as before, and gloomy news is on the rise. Under these circumstances, KOSÉ is bringing together its product development capabilities and abundant creativity, backed by solid technological and high-level organizational capabilities, to continue its overseas expansion. Achievements include support for medical workers in Japan and overseas, expansion of its sales network outside Japan using digital technology, and proactive development of products that are needed around the world in response to new lifestyles. Carrying on this spirit of determination, the present times offer an opportunity for KOSÉ to realize the new value of sustainability it aims for on a global stage.
Innovation for the Happiness of All
As a company that creates beauty, KOSÉ has the attitude and ample flexibility to take on new challenges. I believe that innovation emerges from intermingling different fields and novel ideas. KOSÉ has been developing products through high-value-added research in areas such as leading-edge dermatological studies in France and digital technology-driven wrinkle prediction. Going forward, I would like KOSÉ to be a greater driver of collaboration between industry, academia and government to generate numerous appealing businesses that pioneer the next generation of beauty and make people happy. Areas for collaboration will include increasing value through eco-friendly raw materials and containers, and utilizing digital technology for personalized customer experiences. This sort of collaboration is my area of specialty, so I hope to play a part in this process.
        External Recognition for Sustainability KOSÉ has received the following evaluations or certifications from external organizations.
Yukino Kikuma Director (External)
 Climate Change Scoring and Supplier Engagement Rating (CDP)
Selected for CDP Climate Change A List 2020 and Supplier Engagement Rating Leaderboard 2020
(https://www.cdp.net/en)
International Women’s Day
Received the Women’s Support Brand Award in the corporate category at the Happy Woman Awards 2021 for SDGs (Sponsored by Happy Woman Secretariat)
(https://happywoman.online/) (Japanese only)
Nadeshiko Brand (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry/Tokyo Stock Exchange) Selected as Semi-Nadeshiko Brand for Fiscal 2021 (https://www.meti.go.jp/english/policy/economy/human_resources/)
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) Obtained SBT (Science Based Targets) certification
(https://sciencebasedtargets.org/)
HDI Rating Benchmark (HDI-Japan) Obtained 3 Star Quality Monitoring Rating
(https://www.hdi-japan.com/hdi/en/ AboutHDI.asp)
        Norika Yuasa Director (External)
 Fordetails: https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/sustainability/recognition/
 KOSÉ contributes to sustainability through its support for the following initiatives.
The United Nations Global Compact
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)
(https://rspo.org/)
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
(https://www.fsb-tcfd.org/)
Japan Clean Ocean Material Alliance (CLOMA)
(https://cloma.net/english/)
Japan Climate Initiative (JCI)
(https://japanclimate.org/english/)
Declaration of Consumer Orientation
(https://www.kose.co.jp/company/ja/info/ customer-oriented/) (Japanese only)
          44 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 45
Yuko Maeda Director (External)
▲

   The Foundation for Our Value Creation
Corporate Governance
Governance at a Glance
Corporate Governance Organization
   Election/Dismissal
Cooperation
Cooperation
Audit Office
General Meeting of Shareholders
Election/Dismissal
Election/Dismissal
    Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit
Management Supervision
Board of Directors
    Supervision
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
      Cooperation
Resolution/ Approval
Resolution/ Approval
Proposals
Supervision
Audit
Audit
Executive Committee
Guidance/Instruction
Consultation
Reporting
Reporting
Reporting
Management Committee
Sustainability Committee
 Risk Management and Compliance Committee
 Accounting Auditor
      Departments/Affiliated Companies
Management Policy Review Committee
   Directors 3 External
10
Average Length of Service
6.3 years
 7 Internal
  Audit & Supervisory 2 External Board Members
4
Nomination and Remuneration 2 Internal Committee Members
7
    * Year ended March 31, 2021
Basic Policy
The KOSÉ Group has established the principle, centered on its management philosophy, to “continually conduct management to enhance its enterprise value as the KOSÉ Group,” and strives for management focused on business expansion and efficiency.
The KOSÉ Group considers corporate governance to be an important management issue, and is working to establish organizations and mechanisms for the conduct of sound management, and to create frameworks to maintain the trust of society.
Corporate Governance Structure
KOSÉ has adopted a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board system to audit the adequacy of the directors’ execution of their duties.
For the swift and efficient execution of business, the Company employs the Board of Directors, the Management Committee chaired by the President & CEO, the Management Policy Review Committee, the Executive Committee, and other bodies as necessary.
In addition, the Company has voluntarily established the
In addition, the KOSE Group is striving to enhance the transparency and fairness of management based on sincere communication with all stakeholders including shareholders, investors, creditors, customers, business partners, employees, and local residents and communities, and on building relationships of trust with them.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, a majority of which is composed of external directors and external Audit & Supervisory Board members, to deliberate on officer remuneration and the appropriateness of officer appointments. The Company has determined that it is appropriate to have independent external directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members to provide audit and supervisory functions in addition to a system of checks and balances by officers familiar with the business.
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors strives to achieve an optimal balance of overall knowledge, experience, competencies, diversity and size.
The Company has appointed external directors with a high level of expertise and extensive insight to provide advice on business execution, as well as to monitor and supervise each director.
The Company has a business execution system that clarifies the scope of authority of directors so prompt decisions can be made by a small number of people. The Company has also
Audit & Supervisory Board
For the Audit & Supervisory Board, the Company has appointed an attorney at law and a certified public accountant with extensive experience in auditing and insight as external members to monitor and supervise the execution of business by directors.
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend important meetings such as the Board of Directors meetings and
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is an organization that deliberates on proposals related to nomination and remuneration made by the president to the Board of Directors to enhance the independence, objectivity, and accountability of the functions of the Board of Directors regarding the nomination and remuneration of directors, Audit & Supervisory Board members and executive officers of the Company. It is chaired by an external director to ensure objectivity.
adopted an executive officer system, and the executive officers appropriately execute business in the departments they oversee in accordance with basic management policies.
The Board of Directors meets in principle once each month, to decide on matters stipulated by laws and regulations, as well as important matters relating to management, and to supervise the conduct of duties by directors.
Management Committee meetings, communicate with Audit & Supervisory Board members of domestic Group companies as appropriate, exchange information and opinions with internal audit departments and the accounting auditor, and conduct internal audits of departments within the Company and of its subsidiaries regularly and as required.
Composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
      Chairperson
  Total Members
   (Breakdown)
 Directors
  External Directors
   External Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  46 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 47
2 Internal
5 External
    Board of Directors Meetings*
13
Audit & Supervisory Board Meetings*
11
Management Committee Meetings*
23
Meetings with Institutional Investors*
333
(Fiscal 2019: 396)
External Director
7232
 Resolution/ Approval
Monitoring
Business Execution
Resolution/ Approval

External Directors and External Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Attendance at Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Meetings in Fiscal 2020
2. Evaluation Results and Issues to Address Going Forward
As a result of discussions conducted at the Board of Directors meeting based on the results of the questionnaire survey, the Board of Directors confirmed that advance distribution of materials and explanations, preparation of the agenda of Board of Directors meetings, and verification of the suitability of crossholdings are being conducted appropriately, among other matters. In addition, steady improvement was confirmed in issues raised in the previous fiscal year, including increasing the ratio of women on the Board of Directors to increase the board’s diversity, and establishing opportunities for direct discussions between external officers of the
Overview of Officer Remuneration
Company and officers of subsidiaries to enhance subsidiary management systems. Based on these factors, the Board of Directors concluded that it has ensured its overall effectiveness.
On the other hand, issues raised by this year’s questionnaire survey results include establishing opportunities for sharing information and exchanging opinions among external officers and providing feedback on opinions obtained through dialogue with shareholders.
Based on these points, the Company will continue working proactively to further enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in order to improve the corporate value of the KOSÉ Group.
          Number of Meetings Attended
Percentage of Meetings Attended
Number of Meetings Attended
Percentage of Meetings Attended
       External Director
Yukino Kikuma
13 100%
13 100%
11* 100%
13 100%
11* 100%
— —
——
— —
11 100%
9* 100%
   External Director
Norika Yuasa
   External Director
Yuko Maeda
   External Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Toru Miyama
   External Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Kumi Kobayashi
    * The number of Board of Directors meetings and Audit & Supervisory Board meetings attended by External Director Yuko Maeda and External Audit & Supervisory Board Member Kumi Kobayashi differs from that of other officers because they were elected at the 78th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2020.
Reasons for Each External Director’s Selection
For remuneration of Company officers, the Company has decided on a remuneration framework that emphasizes increasing corporate value over the medium to long term.
Fixed remuneration
(A) Basic remuneration (A) Basic remuneration
Performance-linked remuneration
  (A) Basic remuneration
 (B) Bonuses
 (C) Stock compensation
 Name
  Reasons for Selection
   Yukino Kikuma
 Ms. Kikuma has highly specialized knowledge as an attorney at law and particularly deep insight concerning corporate law. She also has media- related experience. The Company therefore believes she can provide appropriate, impartial suggestions and advice on management reform issues related to sustainability and diversity from a broad perspective, and use her independent and objective standpoint to guide management. Furthermore, the Company believes that Ms. Kikuma has no conflict of interest with general shareholders and has accordingly designated her an Independent Director.
 Norika Yuasa
   Ms. Yuasa has highly specialized and broad knowledge that extends to Asia, Europe and North America as well as Japan as an attorney at law. The Company therefore believes she can provide oversight and advice for the Company’s global strategy with her extensive insight, mainly in the legal field, and use her independent and objective standpoint to guide management. Furthermore, the Company believes that Ms. Yuasa has no conflict of interest with general shareholders and has accordingly designated her an Independent Director.
  Yuko Maeda
 Ms. Maeda has a high level of expertise in the realm of applications for corporate intellectual property combined with abundant experience and knowledge particularly when it comes to industry-academia partnerships. Moreover, she has abundant insight from a managerial perspective underpinned by her experience as a corporate Director and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, in addition to her experience serving as an officer of a national university and an incorporated national research and development agency. The Company therefore believes she can provide impartial suggestions and advice to management, and use her independent and objective standpoint to guide management. Furthermore, the Company believes that Ms. Maeda has no conflict of interest with general shareholders and has accordingly designated her an Independent Director.
  Directors (Internal)
Directors (External)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
      Payment Method
  Evaluation Indicators
  Calculation Method
    (A) Basic remuneration (Cash)
Paid in the form of fixed remuneration on a monthly basis, the amount of which is determined based on respective position depending on the extent of professional responsibilities and roles thereof
  —
 • Directors: Set according to the position of each director, taking the operating environment
into account
• External directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members: Set based on comparisons with other domestic and overseas companies in the same industry or of the same size, as well as on the Company’s financial condition and business results
 (B) Bonuses (Cash)
  Paid within three months after the end of each fiscal year, in principle, as incentive to improve corporate business performance in a single fiscal year
  • Consolidated net sales
• Consolidated operating profit
• Net sales and operating profit in each business domain
   Varies from 0 to 200% of the standard amount, depending on the extent to which target amounts for the single fiscal year have been achieved for each indicator (ratio of net sales indicators to operating profit indicators is 50:50)1
  (C) Stock compensation (Stock)
The Company makes annual delivery of a fixed number of shares of its common stock subject to certain stipulations such as those of the restricted period, and lifts the restrictions upon retirement of the recipient.
   The Company’s stock price2
  —
  Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
With the aim of enhancing objectivity and further improving governance, the Company used a third-party organization to conduct the evaluation of the effectiveness of its Board of Directors. The method and results of the fiscal 2020 evaluation were as follows.
1. Evaluation Method
A questionnaire survey covering the items on the right was completed by the directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members.
A third-party organization was used to create the survey and to tabulate and analyze the results. Based on those results, the Board of Directors analyzed and evaluated its effectiveness and considered future responses.
1. Under the remuneration framework, the Company sets high evaluation weightings with respect to the business domains that are under direct control of an individual director, thereby ensuring that each director fulfills his or her responsibilities in the business domains under his or her respective control.
2. The Company has selected its stock price as the evaluation indicator with the aim of further heightening motivation to help increase corporate value over the medium to long term, and further promoting the shared interests of stock compensation recipients and the Company’s other shareholders. Because the Company’s stock price acts as the indicator for calculating stock compensation, the Company does not set performance targets in that regard.
  48 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 49
Position
Name
Board of Directors Meetings (Convened 13 times)
Audit & Supervisory Board Meetings (Convened 11 times)
Main Evaluation Items
• Composition and operation of the Board of Directors • Management and business strategies
• Corporate ethics and risk management
• Performance monitoring
• Evaluation and remuneration of management • Dialogue with stakeholders
Remuneration Mix
Proportion of President & CEO’s Total Remuneration
Basic remuneration 65% Bonus 25% Stock compensation 10%
The Company’s policy when it comes to remuneration mix for positions other than that of the President & CEO is such that the higher one’s position, the lower the proportion of basic remuneration and the higher the proportion of bonus and stock compensation.
Going forward, the Company intends to periodically reassess the remuneration mix with a focus on stock compensation with the aim of achieving sustainable growth over the medium and long term.
 
Method for Determining Officer Remuneration
Risk Management and Compliance
Risk Management and Compliance Organization
  Officer remuneration shall be classified into directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members for voting at the General Meeting of Shareholders and allocated to each officer within the scope of the total amount for each officer classification, and such remuneration is determined by the Board of Directors after discussion of its appropriateness by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is composed mainly of external officers.
Remuneration of Audit & Supervisory Board members is determined by mutual agreement among the Audit & Supervisory Board members, including the two external members.
In addition, the Company has established a retirement benefit plan for Company officers. The Company has established criteria for the relevant payment amount and allocates provisions to a reserve for each year of each officer’s tenure.
Moreover, the Company passed a resolution at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2020 to introduce a restricted share remuneration plan for directors (excluding external directors) as an incentive to sustainably increase corporate value, and has conducted a review of the officer remuneration system in general. The method for determining officer remuneration from fiscal 2020 is as follows.
1. Fundamental Policy on Officer Remuneration
The Company’s remuneration for its directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members is designed and operated with the aim of increasing corporate value over the medium to long term from the viewpoints of:
• Maintaining a remuneration plan that enables the Group to
achieve global and borderless growth;
• Ensuring remuneration levels that give rise to appropriate
competitive strengths and the ability to recruit and secure
outstanding professional talent; and
• Facilitating a remuneration plan that ensures high levels of
independence, objectivity and transparency, and that satisfies the duty of accountability toward the Company’s customers, shareholders, business partners, employees and other stakeholders.
2. Remuneration Levels
The Company has determined that its levels of officer remuneration are appropriate, having taken the Company’s business environment into account, while also having surveyed and analyzed remuneration levels of major companies in the same industry or of the same size using external databases and other information.
3. Remuneration Decision-Making Method
For officer remuneration, the Company has established separate director and Audit & Supervisory Board member classifications at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Accordingly, the Company is to allocate to each officer amounts of officer remuneration, the total of which does not exceed the total amounts set for the respective classifications.
To ensure objectivity and transparency with respect to the officer remuneration plan, the Board of Directors resolves to assign the task of making final decisions on allocations of officer remuneration to the President & CEO following deliberations regarding the adequacy and appropriateness thereof carried out by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which consists mainly of external officers.
The President & CEO has the authority to make decisions
on the amount of basic remuneration of each director, the amount of bonuses taking into account the results of the business domains under the control of individual directors, and the amount of stock compensation. The President & CEO has been given this authority to make decisions on these matters because, as the representative director, he or she is the most suitable person to evaluate the businesses under the control of each director while looking at the big picture of the Company’s overall business results.
Moreover, the Company makes decisions on remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members through consultation with the Audit & Supervisory Board members.
For the Company, compliance encompasses compliance with laws and regulations as well as behavior consistent with social ethics based on “Mind to follow the right path.” The compliance promotion structure and activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors via the Risk Management and Compliance Committee. The Compliance Promotion Committee holds training and other educational programs for directors and employees. The Company has established internal and external reporting channels, creating a framework for responding to reports and consultations. In addition, to respond to risk factors that pose a threat to the sustainable development of the Company, particularly various risks such as problems involving compliance, quality, information security and markets as well as natural disasters, the Company has established Risk Management and Compliance Regulations and is working to enhance its risk management structure by establishing a Risk Management Promotion Committee. The Company has also created a framework based on its Crisis Management Regulations for minimizing damage in the event a major risk materializes.
■ Risk Management Briefing Session
A briefing session is held annually for officers, administrative employees and supervisors as a forum for sharing information on various laws, regulations and changes in the operating environment. The Company continues to communicate information that incorporates recent case studies to firmly establish Company-wide risk management and compliance promotion activities.
■ Compliance Training
Every year since 2008, the Company has set important themes for compliance and conducted training for all KOSÉ Group employees using e-learning or handouts. The Company also conducts awareness-raising for Beauty Consultants and target specific training to communicate information in a form that suits the audience.
  Total Remuneration by Officer Classification, Amount by Type of Remuneration and Number of Eligible Officers
 Total Remuneration (Millions of yen)
Board of Directors Number of Committee Meetings
Reporting (Fiscal 2020)
 Compliance Committee:
Raising awareness of compliance
• Response to compliance consultation matters
• Compliance training (e-learning)
• Distribution and display of educational posters
• On-site compliance training at departments and affiliated
companies
Risk Management and Compliance Committee
Reporting
 Risk Management Officer
  Risk Management Promotion Committee: Enhancement of risk management framework
• Identification, analysis and evaluation of risks and formulation of necessary countermeasures
• Development/implementation of risk countermeasures and verification of effects
 Internal/External Consulting Channels
Consultations, etc.
 Departments/Affiliated Companies
 Compliance Committee
12
 Risk Management Committee
12
  Consultations, etc.
    Amount of Remuneration by Type (Millions of yen)
Number of Eligible Officers
        Officer Classification
Basic Remuneration
Performance- Linked Remuneration
Provision for Officers’ Retirement Benefits
Non-Monetary Compensation
     Directors (External directors only)
527 (33)
597 (55)
338 (33)
407 (55)
134 (—)
134 (—)
15 (—)
16 (—)
39 (—)
39 (—)
10 (4)
16 (7)
  69 (22)
  69 (22)
   — (—)
  0 (—)
  — (—)
  6 (3)
  Audit & Supervisory Board members (External Audit & Supervisory Board members only)
  Total (External officers only)
  Persons Receiving Total Remuneration of ¥100 Million or More
For details:
See the KOSÉ website for more information on corporate governance, risk management and compliance. https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/sustainability/management/
      Officer Classification
Total Remuneration (Millions of yen)
    Name
Company
Fixed Remuneration
Amount of Remuneration by Type (Millions of yen)
Performance-Linked Remuneration
Provision for Officers' Retirement Benefits
Non-Monetary Compensation Included in Amounts on the Left
         Kazutoshi Kobayashi
  50 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 51
Director
KOSÉ Corporation 210 107 9
21
327

Business and Other Risks
Among matters related to the state of the KOSÉ Group, including the status of its business and finances, we believe that the following risks could have a material impact on the Group’s results and financial condition and that the factors described here are of material interest to investors for making investment decisions.
From the standpoint of proactive disclosure, these explanations include factors that are not necessarily of this nature and factors associated with external matters that are beyond the control of the KOSÉ Group that can influence the decision making of investors. This is not meant to be a complete list of potential risks.
These risk factors could have a material influence on the KOSÉ Group’s management performance and financial position. Please note that the forward-looking statements contained
herein are based on the Company’s judgments regarding main risks made as of June 29, 2021, and forward-looking statements are not limited to those presented here.
To ensure business continuity and stable growth going
Responding to Risks
forward, the Company has established the Risk Management Promotion Committee as a cross-divisional Company-wide organization to conduct qualitative analysis and evaluation to comprehensively identify risks, and to take necessary countermeasures for those risks that may have a substantial impact. Specifically, each year the Company selects risk items using a questionnaire sent to persons in charge of affiliated companies and departments, and prioritizes them along
two evaluation axes: impact on business performance and other factors if the risk materializes; and likelihood of the risk materializing.
The risks selected through the risk assessment are aggregated by risk category: strategy risk, business/financial risk, political/ economic risk, accident/disaster risk, personnel/labor risk,
or legal violation/indemnification risk. The Company has established and operates a system to monitor the current status and progress of each of its risk countermeasures on
a regular basis.
Business/Financial Risk
Political/Economic Risk
Main Risks
Main Measures
  Increase in raw material prices
Decline in profitability due to increased raw material prices
  The Company conducts procurement globally to minimize market risk. It also strives to procure necessary raw materials and outsourced products at appropriate prices in a timely manner while maintaining good relationships with suppliers. The Company has also established the Cost and Inventory Reduction Promotion Committee, which is working to maintain appropriate costs and secure inventories.
   Discontinuation of raw material supply
Obstacles to stable product supply
Impact on sales and profit margins Decline in the Company’s creditworthiness
   Main Risks
Main Measures
  Changes in legal regulations and response
Demand fluctuation risk Impact on product exports
  The Company collects information on a daily basis regarding legal regulations related to its business. In product development, the Company reviews raw material standards in light of changes in legal regulations and responds by effectively utilizing domestic and overseas information networks to secure alternative raw materials.
   Abrupt changes in the political situation in countries and regions where the Company does business
Impact on sales due to fluctuations in demand Employee safety risk
  The Company takes necessary measures by enhancing cooperation with overseas affiliates and business partners to collect information on economic, political, and social conditions in each country and region in a timely fashion.
 Accident/Disaster Risk
Main Risks
Main Measures
  Natural disasters
(earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis, etc.)
Delays or interruption of business activities due to suspension of production and distribution functions
 In the event of a disaster or the spread of an infectious disease, the Company will immediately establish an emergency headquarters to discuss and implement countermeasures. To prepare for disasters, the Company has created a crisis management manual. It also confirms workplace safety, corrects deficiencies and ensures alternative methods.
    Spread of highly virulent infectious disease
Delays or interruption of business activities including production, supply, and sales
  Strategy Risk
Main Risks
Main Measures
  Price competition
Damage to brand value Decrease in market share
  The Company conducts product development, marketing and sales taking into account changes in market needs and customer preferences, and works to maintain and improve its competitive advantage by adding functional and emotional value to achieve differentiation.
   Entry of new competitors
Decrease in market share due to entrants from other industries and expansion into new channels by competitors
 In addition to constantly keeping track of information from its business partners and sales and marketing sites, the Company works to remain abreast of market information in a timely manner through regular consumer surveys. It also strategically pursues unique value through active cooperation with companies in other industries and linkages with external resources and technologies.
   Research and development delays
Decrease in brand competitiveness Decline in innovation
   The Company conducts basic and applied research using data science at the Advanced Technology Laboratory, and has also opened a branch in Lyon, France to conduct leading-edge dermatological research. The Company is also actively engaged in open innovation using external resources.
   Changes in consumer preferences
Decrease in brand value due to deviation from consumer needs
  In addition to regularly conducting market surveys to properly obtain consumer information and conducting consumer surveys in Japan, the Company is also stepping up its surveys in countries outside Japan where it does business. It is also actively deploying digital technologies in pursuit of new customer experiences.
  Delays in responding to climate change
Decline in business profitability due to inability to accommodate a low-carbon society
 The Company is proactively engaged in various efforts to mitigate climate change, including reducing greenhouse gases. It also strives to respond to international trends, such as setting Science Based Targets (SBT) and considering information disclosure in line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Information Disclosure (TCFD).
   Personnel/Labor Risk
Legal Violation/Indemnification Risk
Main Risks
Main Measures
 Securing outstanding talent
Decline in corporate competitiveness
 The Company works to create an environment in which diverse human resources can play an active role. In its recruitment activities, the Company secures expert human resources through hiring by job type and outstanding talent through revision of the Beauty Consultant compensation system.
Main Risks
Main Measures
  Problems related to product accidents
Reputation loss among customers and decline in corporate brand value due to serious product accidents
  The Company manufactures products with the highest priority on delivering safe and reliable products to customers. It has articulated its stance on the KOSÉ Group’s products through its Quality Policy comprising a quality policy message and five declarations for daily activities.
   Leaks of confidential or personal information
Reputation loss and compensation for damage due to information leaks
  In addition to raising awareness of compliance through the Compliance Promotion Committee, the Company has established a Personal Information Management Committee based on laws and guidelines of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, and is working to build a comprehensive management system by strengthening information security. Furthermore, the Company holds regular training, shares information on risks and conducts thorough prevention measures.
 52 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 53

   The Foundation for Our Value Creation
Career Histories (As of June 29, 2021) Honorary Chairman
Apr. 1986 Mar.2012
Mar. 2013
Mar.2017 Mar. 2019
Mar. 2020
Mar. 2021 Jun. 2021
Joined the Company
General Manager of Global Product Dept., Global Business Div.
General Manager of Global Business Operations Dept., Global Business Div. PresidentofKOSÉCOSMETICSCO.,LTD.(CHINA) Executive Officer and General Manager of Product Development Dept. and Beauty Development Dept.
Executive Officer, Deputy General Manager of Marketing Headquarters and General Manager of Product Development Dept.
Executive Officer and General Manager of Product Development Dept.
Director and General Manager of Product Development Dept. (current position)
Apr. 1995 Dec. 2011
Jun. 2018
Joined Fuji Television Network, Inc. Registered as an attorney at law Joined Law Office of Matsuo & Kosugi (current position)
Director of the Company (current position)
   Apr. 1964 Jul. 1969 Mar. 1976 Mar. 1981 Jun. 1991 Mar. 1997 Jun. 2007 Jun. 2014
Apr. 1986 Mar. 1991 Mar. 1995 Jun. 2004 Jun. 2007
Joined the Company
Director
Executive Director
Senior Executive Director
Representative, Senior Managing Director President & CEO
Chairman President & CEO, KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. Honorary Chairman of the Company
(current position)
Joined the Company
Director
Executive Director
Representative Director and Vice President Representative Director and President (current position)
Masahiro Horita
Director
Yukino Kikuma
Director (External)
Yuko Maeda
Director (External)
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Attorney at law of Law Office of Matsuo & Kosugi Outside Director (Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee), Takihyo Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, ALCONIX CORPORATION
Outside Director, KITZ CORPORATION
Apr. 1984 Joined Bridgestone Corporation
 Yasukiyo Kobayashi
Honorary Chairman
Directors
Kazutoshi Kobayashi
President & CEO
Masanori Kobayashi
Executive Director
Yusuke Kobayashi
Director
54 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
(Responsibilities)
Product Development Dept., Beauty Development Dept., Advertising Dept., Product Designing Dept., Quality Assurance Dept.
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) –
   Mar. 2004 Mar. 2008
Mar. 2009
Mar. 2010 Mar. 2011
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2017
Mar. 2018 Mar.2020
Joined the Company
General Manager of Corporate Strategy Office of President Office
General Manager in charge of Medium-term Strategy of Corporate Strategy Office of President Office
General Manager of Global Business Div. Executive Officer and General Manager of Global Business Div.
Director and General Manager of Global Business Div.
Executive Director and General Manager of Global Business Div.
Executive Director
Executive Director and General Manager of Marketing Headquarters (current position)
Takao Kobayashi
Senior Executive Director
Koichi Shibusawa
Executive Director
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2008
Mar. 2010
Mar. 2011
Jun. 2013
Jun. 2018
Joined the Company
Chief Director and General Manager of KOSÉ COSMETICS CO., LTD. (CHINA) and Chief Director and General Manager of KOSÉ COSMETICS SALES (CHINA) CO., LTD.
General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept. of the Company
Executive Officer and General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept.
Director and General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept.
Executive Director (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Auditor of Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology
Director of CellBank Corp.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
(Part-time) Executive Vice President of Kyushu University
Apr. 2000 Sep. 2005 Sep. 2006 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2017
Joined ALBION CO., LTD.
Executive Officer
Director
Director of the Company (current position) Executive Director of ALBION CO., LTD. (current position)
Apr. 1985 Sep. 2008
Jun. 2011
Nov. 2015 Mar. 2016 Mar. 2018 Mar. 2020 Jun. 2021
Joined The Mitsubishi Bank, Ltd.
General Manager of Environmental Project Office of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. General Manager of Corporate & Investment Banking Credit Division of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
Joined the Company, General Manager of Global Business Div.
General Manager of Global Business Administration Dept., Global Business Div. Executive Officer and General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept.
Senior Executive Officer and General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept.
Director and General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept. (current position)
Noboru Matsumoto
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Toru Miyama
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) –
Shinji Tanabe
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Kumi Kobayashi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
Apr. 1993 Joined the Company
Jun. 1998 Director
Jun. 2013 Executive Director
Jun. 2014 Senior Executive Director (current position)
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) President & CEO of KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp.
Sep. 2003 Aug. 2011 Sep. 2017
Registered as an attorney at law
Registered as an attorney at law in New York State Part-time Professor of Waseda Law School (current position)
Sep. 2003
Oct. 2009 Oct. 2011
May 2013 Apr. 2014
Jan. 2017 Mar. 2019
Jun. 2020 Oct. 2020
Director of Technology Transfer Center and Intellectual Property Manager of Intellectual Property Right Department of Tokyo Medical and Dental University (Concurrent) Visiting Professor of Tokyo Medical and Dental University
(Concurrent) Specially Appointed Professor of Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine
Vice President and Officer of Bridgestone Corporation (Concurrent) Auditor of Japan Agency for Marine- Earth Science and Technology (current position) Director of CellBank Corp. (current position) (Concurrent) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current position)
Director of the Company (current position) Executive Vice President (part-time), Kyushu University (current position)
  (Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Director of ALBION CO., LTD.
Jan. 2019 Partner, Miura & Partners (current position) Jun. 2019 Director of the Company (current position)
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Partner, Miura & Partners
Part-time Professor, Waseda Law School of Waseda University
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, TOKYO ELECTRON DEVICE LIMITED
Outside Director, SAINT-CARE HOLDING CORPORATION
Norika Yuasa
Director (External)
     (Responsibilities) Marketing Headquarters
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) –
(Responsibilities)
President Office, Corporate Strategy Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal Dept., IT Management Dept., Human Resources Dept., Domestic Consolidated Subsidiaries and Associates of the Company, and Risk Management
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Audit & Supervisory Board Member of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. Audit & Supervisory Board Member of KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp. Director of ALBION CO., LTD.
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2006
Mar. 2007 Mar. 2008
Mar. 2011 Mar. 2013
Mar.2018 Jun. 2019
Joined the Company
General Manager of Product Supply Management Planning Demand Planning Dept. General Manager of Cosmetaries Planning Dept. General Manager of Sales Planning Dept. of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD.
Chief Director and General Manager of TAIWAN KOSÉ CO., LTD.
General Manager of General Administration Dept. of the Company
ExecutiveOfficer
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current position)
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2015
Mar. 2017 Mar. 2019 Jun. 2020
Joined the Company
General Manager of Technical Research Management Dept. of R&D Laboratories General Manager of Quality Assurance Dept. Senior Chief Manager of Quality Assurance Dept. Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) –
    (Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Executive Director of ALBION CO., LTD.
Apr. 1998 Oct. 2006
Jun. 2019
Registered as an attorney at law Established Miyama Law Office (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current position)
Mar. 2006 Sep. 2006 Mar. 2016 Apr. 2017
Jun. 2019 Jun. 2020
Registered as a certified public accountant Joined GCA Corporation
Partner, Sakurai & Co. (current position) Representative Director of Tokyo Athletes Office, Inc. (current position)
Director of SPOKACHI, Inc. (current position) Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (current position)
Shinichi Mochizuki
Director
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Attorney of Miyama Law Office
Outside Auditor of Ozu Corporation
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Partner, Sakurai & Co.
Representative Director of Tokyo Athletes Office, Inc. Director of SPOKACHI, Inc.
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 55
(Responsibilities) Accounting and Finance Dept.
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Executive Director of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD.
Director of Tarte, Inc.

     Data Section
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
KOSÉ Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries (Years Ended March 31)
  Financial
Net Sales
332.9 327.7
Operating Profit/ Operating Margin
R&D Expenses/Ratio of R&D Expenses to Sales
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Non-Financial
Ratio of Female Employees in Leadership Positions
We are striving to create a work environment that fulfills women’s desire to succeed by enabling them to balance their work with private life while fully leveraging their individuality and capabilities.
Proportion of Female Employees Who Took Childcare Leave
We encourage female employees to take maternity leave and childcare leave, and we are striving to enhance our systems and carry out work environment improvements that support work-life balance, including shortened working hours.
      (Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
39.1
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
21.6
2016
  303.3 266.7
279.3
52.4
48.4
37.0
 (%)
(%)
  6.2 5.9 2.1%
30.6
100
2019 2020 (FY)
    40.2
26.6
11.9
2019 2020 (FY)
33.6 31.6 29.6
98.7
2016
100 99.4
2017 2018
100
                    (Billions of yen)
55.1
111.9
105.1 92.7
40.1%
32.1 27.9
(Fiscal 2020)
North America
(%)
Achieved zero emissions (recycling rate of 99.5%) at Gunma Factory and Sayama Factory in 2005. Currently, all factories in Japan have achieved zero emissions.
Overseas Sales/ Overseas Sales Ratio
ROA/ROE
18.8 18.8
Net Income per Share (Basic)
13.2 14.7 16.0 15.7 4.8%
27.5
2017
12.3
5.0 5.3
2016 2017
R&D expenses
5.3
29.6
2016
1.9
1.8
1.6
1.9
      2016 2017
2018 2019
2020 (FY)
2019 2020 (FY)
2020 (FY)
2017
2018
2018
(FY)
2016 2017 Operating profit
Share of Net Sales by Region
2018 2019
Ratio of R&D expenses to sales
2019 2020
2018
Operating margin
Note:
Female employees with subordinates, or equivalent positions. Figures are for KOSÉ Corporation and KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. up to fiscal 2017 and for KOSÉ Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries from fiscal 2018.
Recycling Rate
Note: Up to fiscal 2019, proportion of employees in KOSÉ Corporation and KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. From fiscal 2020, all domestic Group companies.
Total Area Planted with Coral Reefs
We started the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project in 2009 to protect coral reefs in Okinawa that are in danger of extinction. Every year, we plant an area of coral equivalent to the total area of the bases of all the SEKKISEI bottles sold during the campaign.
           75.5
9.5%
Others
1.2%
59.9%
16.4
13.9
2016
ROA
17.6
18.6
13.4
648.71 536.63
379.66
(m²)
(Yen)
          24.9 20.7
Asia
29.4%
Japan
12.3
467.76
210.11
100
99.1
5.3
4.5
2019 2020 (FY)
8,749 7,596
(%)
99.3 99.3 98.2
10,907
10,519 9,676
     2016
2017
2018
Overseas sales ratio
2017 2018
ROE
2019
2020 (FY)
   Overseas sales
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
Notes:
1. ROA = (Operating profit + Interest and dividend income) / Yearly average of total assets × 100
2. ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent / (Yearly average of total shareholders’ equity + Yearly average of total valuation, translation adjustments and other) × 100
Note: Includes Hsinchu Factory in Taiwan from FY2017.
56 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 57

     Data Section
10-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data
Capital expenditures
Per-Share Data (Yen):
Net income (basic) Net assets
Cash dividends
Financial Ratios (%):
Shareholders’ equity ratio ROA2
ROE3
Gross profit margin Operating margin
Profit attributable to owners of parent to net sales Payout ratio
Millions of yen 2012
166,508 124,481 113,053
11,427 387 11,728 5,021 5,484 34,090 108,051 169,316 34,261 20,187 108,923 5,071 4,882 3,821
86.51 1,858.91 40.00
63.7 7.0 4.7 74.8 6.9 3.0 46.2
Thousands of U.S. dollars1
 2021
 279,389
201,923
188,629
13,294
455
19,508
11,986
15,228
80,051
205,031
308,386
61,608
5,478
218,107
8,533
10,379
10,188
  2021
 2,546,613
1,840,515
1,719,341
121,174
4,156
177,814
109,251
138,802
729,660
1,868,845
2,810,919
561,553
49,931
1,988,032
30,890
69,273
2,105
 Fiscal years ended March 31
Performance:
2019
332,995 244,387 191,979
52,408 651 54,949 37,004 36,427 64,264 205,241 300,162 66,107 9,213 203,566 1,666 8,018 19,286 18,500
467.76 648.71 3,920.41 3,660.77 190.00 180.00
72.5 69.6 13.4 18.6 12.3 18.8 72.9 73.4 12.3 15.7
8.1 11.1 40.6 27.7
2020
2018
303,399 221,852 173,443
48,408 271 48,242 30,611 36,908 63,883 193,164 271,545 62,821 10,116 176,263 1,311 6,977 10,065
536.63 3,227.07 148.00
68.1 18.8 17.6 73.1 16.0 10.1 27.6
2017
266,762 199,735 160,574
39,160 294 39,425 21,657 24,643 55,622 172,074 247,191 56,033 14,027 159,348 1,629 5,821 10,770
379.66 2,871.60 110.00
66.3 16.4 13.9 74.9 14.7
8.1 29.0
2016
243,390 183,920 149,286
34,634 347 33,862 18,655 13,197 52,997 161,351 233,275 57,766 16,965 143,626 1,704 5,744 10,445
327.04 2,583.76 94.00
63.2 16.0 13.0 75.6 14.2
7.7 28.7
2015
207,821 157,057 134,410
22,647 315 23,694 12,057 19,688 50,754 134,476 205,006 45,207 10,160 129,203 1,248 5,293 21,143
211.37 2,455.34 64.00
68.3 11.7 9.1 75.6 10.9 5.8 30.3
2014
190,049 143,390 124,456
18,934 432 20,757 11,132 13,756 52,755 130,391 186,274 39,877 13,585 120,229 1,386 4,679 5,750
195.15 2,188.59 48.00
67.0 10.8 9.4 75.4 10.0 5.9 24.6
2013
170,685 128,587 116,722
11,864 342 12,813 6,720 8,656 32,121 115,067 173,014 35,206 18,497 111,495 5,006 4,607 5,599
117.22 1,964.85 41.00
64.8 7.1 6.1 75.3 7.0 3.9 35.0
   Net sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Interest and dividend income
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Comprehensive income
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Current assets
Total assets
Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Shareholders’ equity
Interest-bearing debt
Depreciation 8,838
327,724 239,020 198,789
40,231 662 40,365 26,682 26,703 70,284 204,438 308,606 59,676 8,727 219,425 1,654
     210.11
3,952.94
120.00
    1
36
1
        73.1
4.5
5.3
72.3
4.8
4.3
57.1
    Notes: 1. The U.S. dollar amounts are translated, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥109.7 to US$1.00, the approximate rate of exchange on March 31, 2021.
2. ROA = (Operating profit + Interest and dividend income) / Yearly average of total assets × 100
3. ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent / (Yearly average of total shareholders’ equity + Yearly average of total valuation, translation adjustments and other) × 100
58 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 59

      Data Section
3-Year Summary of Selected Non-Financial Data
KOSÉ Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries (Years Ended March 31)
For People: Social KPIs
Diversity and Inclusion
Number of employees (female/male)
Ratio of female employees in leadership positions2 (%)
Number of new graduates hired to regular full-time positions (female/male)
Turnover rate for administrative and non-administrative employees (%)
Turnover rate for regular, full-time employees (%)
Annual overtime (average hours/employee)
Proportion of employees who took childcare leave (female/male) (%)
Number of employees working shortened hours for childcare
Number of employees taking paid leave for family care
Ratio of employees with disabilities (%)
Number of occupational accidents resulting in a leave of absence
Quality of Life Improvement
Number of general participants in sports events
Support for Women and Education
Number of schools accepted for company tours3 (schools/students)
FY2018 FY2019
14,066 11,760/2,300
31.6 29.6
45/28 31/22
― ― ― ― ― ―
99.4/0 100.0/3.0
139 189
2 0
2.28 2.29
11 11
FY2018 FY2019
61,605 24,678
FY2018 FY2019
22/162 11/107
FY2020 Scope
11,889/2,332 KOSÉ Group1
33.6 KOSÉ Group
71/47 Domestic Group companies4
2.3 Domestic Group companies
6.3 Domestic Group companies
44.6 Domestic Group companies
100.0/52.3 Domestic Group companies4
475 Domestic Group companies4 Domestic Group companies
5 Domestic Group companies4
2.21 Domestic Group companies6
19 Domestic Group companies4
FY2020 Scope
4707 KOSÉ Corporation
FY2020 Scope
07 KOSÉ Corporation
   Ratio of female employees in administrative positions (%)
24.2
24.7
26.6
KOSÉ Group
Average length of service (years)
13.2
13.0
11.9
Domestic Group companies4
Employee turnover among new graduates within 3 years (%)
0
4.7
10.0
Domestic Group companies4
Turnover rate for Beauty Consultants (%)
―
―
8.5
Domestic Group companies
Annual working hours (average hours/employee)
―
―
1,643.5
Domestic Group companies5
Ratio of paid leave taken (%)
56.3
63.7
64.4
Domestic Group companies4
Return rate following childcare leave (female/male) (%)
83.3/0
93.0/100.0
98.7/100.0
Domestic Group companies4
Number of employees taking extended leave for family care
―
―
4
Number of employees working shortened hours for family care
0
1
5
Domestic Group companies4
Number of rehired employees
189
207
251
Domestic Group companies4
Number of occupational accidents resulting in death
0
0
0
Domestic Group companies4
  Support for cutaneous porphyria patients (people/number of products provided)
8/92
8/71
4/20
KOSÉ Corporation
  Number of students provided with tuition support at girls’ junior high school in Tanzania (cumulative total)
7
14
21
KOSÉ Corporation
Notes: 1. KOSÉ Group: 41 consolidated companies including KOSÉ Corporation  2. Leadership position: A position with subordinates, or equivalent 3. Company tours: Tours given in response to requests from junior high schools and high schools as part of social learning
4. Scope expanded to all domestic Group companies as of FY2020 5. Including paid leave, maternity leave, injury and sick leave, etc.
6. From fiscal 2020, figures for six consolidated companies that are required to hire people with disabilities.
7. In FY2020, events were reduced or suspended to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
60 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
  For the Earth: Environmental KPIs
Energy
CO2 (greenhouse gas) emissions (t-CO2)
SCOPE 1
SCOPE 3
FY2018
7,793.7
977,588.6
0 2,113.7 973.8 4.9
FY2018
3.0
FY2018
3,177
FY2018
356.9 0.01685 0 0
FY2018
926/1,519
FY2019
7,237.1
858,259.2
0 1,921.3 871.3 13.1
FY2019
5.2
FY2019
2,950
FY2019
305.0 0.01639 8.5 0.5
FY2019
843/1,383
FY2020 Scope
7,375.1 KOSÉ Group
668,951.0 KOSÉ Group 1,992.6 KOSÉ Group 2,071.6 KOSÉ Group
770.4 KOSÉ Group 9.3 KOSÉ Group
FY2020 Scope
5.1 KOSÉ Corporation Production Department
FY2020 Scope
3,134 KOSÉ Group production departments
FY2020 Scope
290.2 KOSÉ Group production departments 0.01574 KOSÉ Group production departments
8.6 KOSÉ Corporation Production Department 1.2 KOSÉ Corporation Production Department
FY2020 Scope
388/636 KOSÉ Corporation Cumulative to FY2020: 10,907/17,978
  SCOPE 2
Market-based
17,875.6
16,770.8
16,185.0
KOSÉ Group
Location-based
17,283.5
15,691.8
16,204.0
 KOSÉ Group
Electricity consumption (MWh)
36,587.2
35,021.2
35,630.2
KOSÉ Group
Portion generated using renewable energy (MWh) City gas consumption (1,000 m3)
Gasoline consumption (kL)
Diesel oil consumption (kL)
Atmospheric Emissions
NOx emissions (tons)
Waste
Volume of waste (tons)
Water Resources
Water intake (1,000 m3)
Water intake intensity (m3/production volume in dozens) Pollution load: BOD (tons)
Pollution load: n-Hex (tons)
Environmental Contribution and Biodiversity Conservation
SAVE the BLUE project area planted with coral reefs (m2/number of corals planted)
Total energy consumption (GJ)
483,351.4
461,189.0
488,544.9
KOSÉ Group
LP gas consumption (1,000 m3)
17.9
11.6
13.8
KOSÉ Group
Fuel oil consumption (kL)
210.0
238.0
280.0
KOSÉ Group
Kerosene consumption (kL)
143.7
135.6
104.7
KOSÉ Group
  SOx emissions (tons)
2.0
0.1
0.4
KOSÉ Corporation Production Department
  Recycling rate (%)
99.3
98.2
99.3
KOSÉ Group production departments
  Wastewater (1,000 m3)
218.1
199.2
198.9
KOSÉ Group production departments
Water intake intensity (% change YoY)
(base year)
-2.7
-4.0
KOSÉ Group production departments
Pollution load: SS (tons)
0
5.4
3.1
KOSÉ Corporation Production Department
Number of violations of water intake/drainage laws and regulations
0
0
0
KOSÉ Group production departments
  SeetheKOSÉwebsiteforothernon-financialinformationanddata. https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/sustainability/data/
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 61
▲

     Data Section
Principal Group Companies (As of March 31, 2021) Production Related Subsidiaries
Corporate Information (As of March 31, 2021)
 Company Name
  Country/Region
  Paid-in Capital
  Ownership
  ADVANCE CO., LTD.
KOSÉ INDUSTRIES CO., LTD.
ALBION CO., LTD.
TAIWAN KOSÉ CO., LTD.
Marketing and Services Related Subsidiaries
KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD.
KOSÉ COSMENIENCE CO., LTD.
KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp.
KOSÉ PROFESSIONAL CO., LTD.
Dr. PHIL COSMETICS INC.
KOSÉ PROVISION CO., LTD.
KOSÉ Travel Retail Co., Ltd.
KOSÉ INSURANCE SERVICE CO., LTD.
COSME LABO CO., LTD.
KOSÉ MILBON COSMETICS CO., LTD.
KOSÉ Maruho Pharma Co., Ltd.
KOSÉ (HONG KONG) CO., LTD.
KOSÉ COSMETICS SALES (CHINA) CO., LTD.
KOSÉ SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.
KOSÉ KOREA CO., LTD.
KOSÉ (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
KOSÉ (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
KOSÉ CORPORATION INDIA PVT. LTD.
PT. INDONESIA KOSÉ
KOSÉ AMERICA, INC.
KOSÉ BRASIL COMÉRCIO DE COSMÉTICOS LTDA.
TARTE, INC.*
ALBION COSMETICS (AMERICA), INC.
ALBION COSMETICS (HK) LTD.
ALBION COSMETICS (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD.
ALBION COSMETICS (TAIWAN) CO., LTD.
Japan
Japan
Japan
Taiwan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Hong Kong
China
Singapore
South Korea
Thailand
Malaysia
India
Indonesia
U.S.A.
Brazil
U.S.A.
U.S.A.
Hong Kong
China
Taiwan
JPY 90 million 100.0%
JPY 100 million 100.0%
JPY 760 million 79.5%
TWD 180 million 100.0%
Corporate Name: Founding: Incorporation: Head Office:
KOSÉ Corporation
March 1946
June 1948
3-6-2, Nihonbashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8251, Japan
Tel: +81-3-3273-1511
Website: IR Section:
Sustainability Section:
Number of Employees (Consolidated):
Fiscal Year-End:
https://www.kose.co.jp https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/ir/
https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/ sustainability/
  14,403 March 31
   Company Name
  Country/Region
  Paid-in Capital
  Ownership
   JPY 300 million
JPY 30 million
JPY 30 million
JPY 10 million
JPY 40 million
JPY 30 million
JPY 10 million
JPY 10 million
JPY 10 million
JPY 10 million
JPY 100 million
HKD 15 million
CNY 235 million
SGD 1 million
KRW 25,000 million
THB 5 million
MYR 1 million
INR 700 million
IDR 10,000 million
USD 2 million
USD 1 million
USD 159
USD 2 million
HKD 71 million
CNY 37 million
TWD 60 million
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
51.0%
51.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
49.0%
Stock Information
(As of March 31, 2021)
      Common Stock (Authorized): Common Stock (Issued): Capital:
Number of Shareholders: Stock Listing:
Transfer Agent:
200,000,000 shares 60,592,541 shares ¥4,848 million 13,179
    Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section (Code: 4922)
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
       100.0% Stock Data
100.0% (Yen)
Stock price (left scale)
Volume (right scale)
(Millions of shares) 20
15
10
5
  100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
79.5%
79.5%
79.5%
79.5%
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
      62 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 63
00
 Apr. May Jun. Jul. 2020 2020 2020 2020
Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. Mar. 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2021 2021 2021
Distribution of Shares
Other Japanese corporations 5.4%
Financial institutions 18.0%
Foreign corporations and individuals 23.7%
Securities companies 0.7%
Japanese individual investors and others 52.2%
   * KOSÉ acquired all remaining outstanding shares of Tarte, Inc. in June 2020, making it a wholly owned subsidiary.

 