Growth Strategies
For People
1
  1
A Source of Adaptable Products and Services
 Dedicated to being a source of beauty for everyone, the KOSÉ Group strives to offer the value of “beauty” while continually working to recognize the unique identity and values of each individual. By offering society beauty based on the concept of adaptability that provides a wide range of choices, we will help create a world where people with diverse backgrounds and characteristics—including skin tone and hair color, physical features, gender, sociocultural and geographical background by country or region, living environment, religion and creed—can live confidently and beautifully.
Developing Foundation to Bring Out the Beauty in Each Individual’s Skin
  Our Three Concepts of Adaptability
Foundation development at the Makeup Product Development Laboratories of KOSÉ Product Development Laboratory is one example of product design tailored to various skin tones and types, and is based on the latest global skin tone research.
Latent needs are shifting away from foundations that simply match skin tone toward those that achieve each individual’s ideal look and complement the person’s natural skin tone and texture. KOSÉ’s unique perspective came from noticing that the same skin tone could appear dramatically different depending on ambient light and lighting. This led us to begin research focusing on the relationship between skin tone and light. First, to capture the characteristics of diverse skin tones around the world, we gathered data on the optical properties of the skin of approximately 700 people, and used statistical analysis to group skin tones/types with similar optical properties. At this stage, we found that the skin concerns of people with similar skin characteristics were often similar, so we analyzed the optical properties that made skin tone/type look beautiful within each group. In addition to this approach, we studied preferences and conducted sensitivity research to better understand what kind of finished appearance and ideal look customers from around the world desire. Based on the insights we obtained, we are developing technologies for foundation that will bring out the beauty in each individual’s skin.
 To become even closer to customers around the world, the KOSÉ Group has summarized its global and universal approach to customers in one word: adaptability. Adaptability in our products and services enables customers to experience beauty in the best way for them. At the core of such adaptability is embracing diversity—in other words, being a source of beauty for everyone, as stated in VISION 2026.
Our approach is based on three concepts for describing the diversity at the core of our adaptability, and we are carrying out initiatives for each. The first is “physical.” We create value tailored to the physical attributes of each individual, such as gender, biological sex, age, and skin and hair type. The second is “mind.” We create value that respects diverse ideas, beliefs and gender identities, and it is not confined to specific ideas or values. The third is “social attributes.” We create value from social and global perspectives that transcend race, language and country.
Based on these three concepts, we have established eight initiatives. These are 1) Excluding no one, 2) Blending diverse cultures, 3) Adapted to all skin and hair types, 4) User-friendly and simple, 5) Unfettered by gender, 6) Respectful expression, 7) Harmonizing with personal beliefs, and 8) Transcending age
Eight Initiatives
Excluding no one
Blending diverse cultures
Adapted to all skin and hair types
constraints. We call these themes “Adaptability∞” (“Adaptability Eight”). We will focus on these key concepts as the basis of the value we create in our activities and initiatives as we develop and provide products in our dedication to being a source of beauty for everyone.
Our Three Concepts of Adaptability
Data map of optical properties of skin
  Physical
Mind Social Attributes
Interview to investigate tonal preferences
  Examples of Adaptability Initiatives in Products   ■ Braille Packaging
KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp. has adopted universal design including Braille labels, to make products that are more user-friendly for everyone, starting with people with visual impairments. In fiscal 2020, we launched disinfectant products with Braille labelling.
■ Genderless Concept Magnifique
KOSÉ Cosmeport has introduced a new genderless concept brand that goes beyond conventional ideas of gender, while still being based on high-quality standards that come from ongoing research into women’s beauty.
■ Use of Universal Design Font
For descriptions on the outer packaging of products, primarily KOSÉ’s prestige brands, we switched to a font and font size that are easier for anyone to read, thus enhancing usability for all customers.*
* Introduced for certain new products released September 2020 or later
         User-friendly and simple
Unfettered by gender
Respectful expression
Harmonizing with personal beliefs
Transcending age constraints
      28 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 29