The achievement of health and happiness is one of life’s fundamental goals. KOSÉ’s efforts to support this goal reflect our consideration not only for the customers who use our products and services, but for all our stakeholders, people in our value chain around the world and the next generation. Through these activities and our business operations, we strive to help solve social issues in ways such as improving quality of life, promoting health awareness through support for sports, raising the awareness of the next generation and promoting responsible procurement that includes respect for human rights.

According to the World Health Organization, roughly half of an average person’s lifelong exposure to ultraviolet radiation from the sun comes before the age of 18. To establish and promote the habit of applying sunscreen from early childhood, we are therefore collaborating on a project to protect beauty and health from UV rays based on a proposal from Sunshine Delight, Inc. that was chosen by the KOSÉ Accelerator Program* in fiscal 2019.
In Japan, clear understanding of UV protection from early childhood is not widespread, and adequate conditions for practicing sun safety are not well established. Proper UV protection beginning in early childhood can help prevent future skin problems. According to a questionnaire survey of 500 parents and guardians conducted by KOSÉ, 86% said that if sunscreen were available in preschool facilities, they would want their children to use it. Based on these comments and the opinions of nursery teachers, we produced educational materials to help children learn the importance of sun
safety, and collaborated with Sunshine Delight to develop a gentle-formula sunscreen in a large-volume pump bottle.
A demonstration trial conducted in fiscal 2020 confirmed that the use of educational tools such as songs and picture books was effective in getting children to adopt the habit of applying sunscreen themselves. Therefore, we made the decision to start a full-fledged business introducing educational materials and sunscreen as a set for preschool facilities.
This kind of sun protection awareness program for preschools helps teach the importance of using sunscreen, and encourages and supports children in practicing sun safety for themselves. At the same time, we will actively work to create new value that contributes to solving future skin problem issues.
* A program that solicits ideas and technologies from startup companies with
the aim of creating new value. Under the program, participants from startup companies and employees of KOSÉ recruited via the Link in-house venture system, form collaborative teams to take on the challenge of new businesses.

As part of our measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19, we provided alcohol-based hand sanitizer free of charge to preschools. Starting April 2020, we provided more than 30,000 bottles of hand sanitizer through Childsha Co., Ltd., which does business with many preschools, enabling nursery teachers and children to help prevent the spread of infection.
We will continue to take various measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and respond quickly to the changing pandemic situation.