The growth of the KOSÉ Group will require the capabilities of every one of our more than 14,000 employees worldwide. In addition, as a company that creates beauty for people, we have continued to propose new value for the lives of many people. That is why we believe the messages we communicate to society will help create a future where there is no more gender gap, not only in Japan but all around the world. We promote and proactively engage in awareness-raising activities to help realize a society where everyone can play an active role regardless of gender.

Workplaces in which employees can work energetically and in their own way are tied to the vitality of the whole company. Therefore, we offer flexible work arrangements to accommodate the life events of individual employees, regardless of gender, and have established workplace environments that empower all employees to perform to their full potential.
■ Career Planning Seminar to Help Employees Be Who They Want to Be
Proactively designing a career plan is important for employees to realize their aspirations and to become who they want to be. To help in that process, we conducted a career planning seminar focused on mid-level female employees that is aimed at cultivating employees who act independently from a management perspective, with external director Yukino Kikuma as a lecturer. By encouraging employees to look at their careers from new angles and fostering the awareness and climate for them to build their own careers and grow, we will cultivate people who build experience and succeed while planning for their future career positions.
■ Introduction of "KOSÉ IKUPAPA Support System" for Men
We believe that active participation in childcare by fathers is important for both fathers and mothers to be active in the workplace. So, in addition to supporting female employees, we have introduced a paternal leave system. In FY2020, the “KOSÉ IKUPAPA Support System,” which is a system to support fathers of newborn babies, was introduced to encourage male employees to take paternal leave. In order to raise awareness among employees and their superiors, KOSÉ provides individual support, such as advice on how to use the system, and provides support grants to male employees taking paternal leave.
We conduct a wide range of programs, including training designed to build motivation, seminars on the importance of diversity in the workplace and career plan development, and promote people to leadership positions based on appropriate employee evaluations.