For the Earth
4
4
  Use the Theme of Beauty to Help Solve Environmental Issues
 It is important to us to provide all kinds of value related to beauty through our business activities, beyond just cosmetic products that are an intimate part of consumers’ lives. We will continue to conduct activities that help solve environmental issues by providing added value in products and services such as the SEKKISEI brand, with beauty as the central theme. By communicating these activities to the general public, we will also make more consumers conscious of environmental issues and foster awareness of solving these issues under the theme of beauty.
Environmental Conservation Activities through the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE Project
  Rebranding of SEKKISEI to Incorporate Sustainability
KOSÉ is conducting the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project, which
focuses on environmental conservation and awareness-raising
activities. In this project, we donate a portion of sales from
selected SEKKISEI brand products purchased by customers
during seasonal campaigns to environmental conservation
efforts. Since 2009, funds from the summer campaign have
been donated to a coral-planting program in Okinawa, and in
2018, the tenth year of the project, we also launched a winter
campaign to fund forest conservation activities in the Tohoku
region, further developing this as a project to protect our blue
planet. Globally, we are developing activities in nine countries
and regions5 that are based on the unique features of each area.
5. China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and the United States
Summer Campaign
  At KOSÉ, we believe that showing consideration for the environment in the products we provide is not only important , but that it also provides an opportunity to increase customer awareness of environmental issues. That is why our development makes a conscious effort to address various environmental issues from the product design stage. SEKKISEI recently underwent its first rebranding since its launch 35 years ago, and for the new CLEAR WELLNESS product series, we incorporated many sustainability-related elements. Specifically, we made changes to containers and packaging materials that will contribute to reduced CO2 emissions. These changes include adopting biomass plastic containers, reducing plastic usage in packaging materials, and discontinuing the use of clear plastic film on outer packaging. For outer packaging, we began using corrugated cardboard, which has a recycling rate above 90% in Japan. Furthermore, for the
printing on products, we adopted biomass ink, which is more biodegradable and thus has less environmental impact, and on outer packaging, we have adopted the universal design font that we have selected for use throughout KOSÉ. We replaced package inserts and pamphlets with QR codes that link to digital versions.
We will continue to broaden our sustainability promotion activities1 with SEKKISEI as the representative brand driving those activities.
Fiscal 2021 campaign poster
 To help reduce the use of plastic, an issue of international concern, we are also focusing our efforts on collection and recycling of used containers. With SEKKISEI, we will expand the SEKKISEI Earth Beauty Program,2 a plastic container collection program. Customers can support the program by depositing used KOSÉ brand skin-care containers3 into an original collection box.4 For recycling, we partner in a collection program operated by TerraCycle Japan in which collection partners earn redeemable points according to the amount collected. We donate our points to SeaSeed, a partner of the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project, to cover the cost of growing corals in Okinawa, thereby helping to protect the natural environment. Through this recycling program, we are helping to take care of valuable finite resources and contribute even more to the realization of a sustainable circular economy. In the future, we will consider expanding this program internationally.
In addition, we are a partner in the Loop circular shopping platform operated by Loop Japan. We are currently developing a reusable cosmetics container, and aim to begin sales using the Loop platform.
2. Name changed from SEKKISEI Recycling Program (August 2020)
3. Plastic containers only
4. In KOSÉ sales areas of 33 AEON and AEON Style stores throughout Japan
Original collection box
From Cosmetics to Paint: Recycling Initiatives
In the quality control process, some cosmetic products never reach the market. For that reason, we are supporting a cosmetics recycling business conducted by MÅNGATA Corporation, a company that creates new value and enjoyment through initiatives such as making paint from unused or unwanted cosmetics. As a cosmetics company that creates beauty for people, KOSÉ supports the establishment of systems such as this one for repurposing cosmetics that are no longer useful, and sharing the importance of sustainable resource use with the general public.
Paints made from recycled cosmetics
1. KOSÉ Sustainability Plan
(announced in April 2020) https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/content/uploads/2021/05/210430_kose_ sustainability_plan_EN.ver4_.pdf
Winter Campaign
Outer packaging made of corrugated cardboard
Fiscal 2020
Number of corals planted: 636
Area: 3,878,493 sq. cm (approx. 1.03 times the area of a regulation-size short-course 25-meter pool)
Fiscal 2009-2020 total
Fiscal 2018-2020 total
Number of corals planted: 17,978
Area: 109,072,619 sq. cm (approx. 29.0 times the area of a regulation-size short-course 25-meter pool)
Number of trees planted: 418
 Promoting Recycling with Plastic Container Collection Program
Fiscal 2020
Donated a portion of sales to fund tree planting
Note: Tree planting was not done due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
     32 KOSÉ REPORT 2021 
KOSÉ REPORT 2021 33