  For the KOSÉ Group to carry out its corporate activities sustainably, we believe it is important to consider the environment in regions where we manufacture products or offer services, and to give back to those regions. We strive to protect the environment and work in partnership with stakeholders in the regions where KOSÉ operates.
 
The SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project, which KOSÉ initiated in Japan in 2009, was expanded to various other countries and regions starting in 2011. For a limited time each year, we donate a portion of sales from selected SEKKISEI products to environmental conservation programs according to the needs of each area. Employees of local subsidiaries also participate in activities such as tree planting and removing marine plastic from beaches.*

China
We donate a portion of sales from selected products to NPO-Green Life to cover the costs of desert greening in Inner Mongolia.
Thailand
We donate a portion of sales from selected products to the Marine and Coastal Resources Research and Development Center, Eastern Gulf of Thailand to help protect sea turtles and preserve coral reefs around Koh Mannai, Rayong Province.TaiwanWe donate a portion of sales from selected products to Taiwan Eco-Angel Environment Conservation Association to cover the costs of coral cultivation.SingaporeWe donate a portion of sales from selected products to the charity Garden City Fund to cover coral reef conservation costs.Hong KongIn support of a coral planting project in Okinawa, Japan, we donate a portion of sales from selected products to cover the costs of coral cultivation.MalaysiaWe donate a portion of sales from selected products to the NGO Reef Check Malaysia for conservation of coral reefs off Terengganu.
South Korea
In cooperation with Tree Planet, an NPO that provides forest-building services, we plan to carry out “SEKKISEI forest-building” at Noeul Park (Sunset Park) in Seoul, and will continue to support tree planting activities.IndonesiaCharitable activities were not carried out in 2020 due to COVID-19.United StatesWe donate a portion of sales from selected products to the Coral Reef Alliance, an NGO.

In Japan, we are actively engaged in environmental conservation activities around production bases. Reflecting the importance we place on harmony with local communities, production departments carry out cleanup activities every month. We will continue this cleanup program to help beautify communities and conserve the environment as part of our overall contribution to society.

