                                          Our Vision is Our Vessel
MOL Report 2018
Year ended March 31, 2018
                                              
Life and
Our Vessel
               As a full-line marine transport company, the MOL Group contributes to providing better lives for people around the world by engaging in the transport of goods indispensable for everyday life, ranging from daily necessities such as food, clothing, household furniture and electronic appliances to energy resources such as oil and natural gas.
 MOL Report 2018 1

      2
  MOL GROUP CORPORATE PRINCIPLES
As a multi-modal transport group, we will:
1 actively contribute to global economic growth and
development, anticipating the needs of our customers
and the challenges of this new era
2 strive to maximize corporate value through creativity,
operating efficiency and promotion of ethical and
transparent management
3 nurture and protect the natural environment by
maintaining the highest standards of operational safety and navigation
What is MOL CHART?
MOL CHART represents the values that are to be shared by all members of the MOL Group worldwide. These values shall be common guidelines to pursue the best course of action for the highest quality of output for our stakeholders and to achieve MOL’s corporate goal and long-term vision.
Challenge Innovate through insight
Honesty
Do the right thing
Accountability
Commit to acting with a sense of ownership
Reliability
Gain the trust of customers
Teamwork Build a strong team
Vision
      Long-Term Vision
To develop the MOL Group into an excellent and resilient organization that leads the world shipping industry
  Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018
 3
  
4
 Outline
Our
 5 Glossary
6 MOL’s History: “Spirit of Challenge and Innovation”
8 Our Fleet
10 Market Position iVision
n the Industry
Vision
12 Business Portfolio and Roadmap to Profit Improvement 18 Message from the CEO
23 Feature: Our Vessel & Value Creation
Operation
 is
 34 At a Glance
38 Overview of Operations
50 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 52 Key Indicators
54 Message from the CFO
Management Foundation
 58 Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers
60 Dialogue between Outside Officers 62 Corporate Governance
66 Safe Operation
69 Risk Management
Our el
MOL’s Communication Tools
113 Shareholder Information Vess
71 Environment
73 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
MOL produces the following publications as a means of promoting communication with stakeholders. The latest versions of all reports can be found on our website.
 Data Section
http://www.mol.co.jp/en/ir/
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements con- cerning MOL’s future plans, strategies and performance.
* As of June 30, 2018 unless otherwise specified
 76 Consolidated Financial Statements
• MOL Report
• Investor Guidebook • Market Data
110 The MOL Group
112 Worldwide Offices
These statements
based on information currently* available and are not historical facts. Furthermore, forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, worldwide competition in the shipping industry, customer demand, foreign currency exchange rates, price of bunker, tax laws and other regulations. MOL therefore cautions readers that actual results may differ materially from these predictions.
represent assumpt
ions and beliefs
 Glossary (In alphabetical order)
 ■ Ballast Water
Ocean water that is taken in by the vessel to maintain ideal buoyancy and control the vessel when not fully loaded with cargo. Usually, ballast water is taken on when cargo is unloaded, and is discharged when cargo is loaded. Ballast water transports marine organisms across the ocean, which may have a negative impact on the preservation of marine ecosystems and biodiversity. After the Ballast Water Manage- ment Convention enters into force in September 2017, ballast water treatment systems must be installed in all ocean-going vessels within a certain period of time.
■ Chemical Tankers
Tankers fitted with multiple tanks to transport many different types of liquid chemical cargo at the same time. These tank- ers have complex design specifications, as they are equipped with independent pipelines, cargo pumps and temperature regulating functions for each tank, in addition to dedicated facilities for cleaning and other features.
■ Ethane Carriers
Ethane carriers are specialized for transporting liquefied ethane, which has been cooled to −92°C, and equipped with a reliquefaction system. LNG carriers transport cargo at −162°C, and LPG tankers transport cargo at −42°C, so ethane carriers fall somewhere between the two.
■ FPSO (Floating Production, Storage and Offloading System)
A floating facility for producing crude oil offshore. The crude oil is stored in tanks in the facility and directly offloaded to shuttle tankers for direct transport to the destination.
■ FSRU (Floating Storage and Regasification Unit) ■ FSU (Floating Storage Unit)
An FSU is a floating facility for storing LNG offshore. An FSRU has the same structure as an FSU with an additional function for regasification of LNG onboard, with which it can send out vaporized natural gas to land through a pipeline. Now, FSRUs and FSUs are being adopted for a growing number of proj- ects to establish LNG receiving terminals all over the world because of their advantages, including a shorter lead time and lower costs compared to conventional onshore receiv- ing terminals.
■ Highly Stable Profits
Profits that are stably generated by contracts of two years or more, and projected profits from highly stable businesses. Highly stable profits are currently provided by the following segments: Dry bulkers, Tankers, and LNG carriers/Offshore businesses under mid- and long-term contracts (two years or more); Associated businesses and Others.
■ Market Exposure
If vessels procured for the mid and long term (owned or mid- and long-term chartered vessels) operate only under short-term cargo transport contracts, these vessels are exposed to market rate fluctuations as a result of the mismatch between the vessel procurement and operating periods. MOL defines the number of mid- and long-term procured vessels operating under cargo contracts of less than two years as “market exposure,” and monitors the ratio of its market exposure with the aim of controlling the risk of market fluctuation.
■ Pool Arrangement
Ship operators and owners pool certain ships to conduct joint operations.
■ RoRo (Roll-on/Roll-off ) Ships
Featuring a ramp, these ships have a vehicle deck to hold trucks, trailers and other vehicles. Cranes and other loading equipment are not used in loading; instead vehicles are driven onto the ship. In general, while ferries transport pas- sengers and personal-use automobiles in addition to freight vehicles, RoRo ships mainly transport freight vehicles.
■ Shuttle Tankers
Tankers that transport crude oil from offshore oil rigs, such as FPSOs, to onshore refineries as an alternative means of pipe- lines. Shuttle tankers are fitted with a unique system that enables cargo to be loaded from the bow of the vessel, rather than from the side like ordinary tankers, while main- taining a certain distance from the offshore platform.
■ Small- and Medium-sized Bulkers
In this report, small- and medium-sized bulkers consist of Panamax, Handymax and Small Handy dry bulkers that trans- port general bulk cargo, such as coal, grain, salt, cement and steel products.
■ SOx
The term “SOx” collectively refers to sulfur oxide emissions, including sulfur dioxide (SO2), which are air pollutants emit- ted during the combustion of fossil fuels containing sulfur, such as oil and coal. In the marine transport industry, regulations requiring a drastic reduction in the sulfur content of fuel will come into effect in 2020, in order to curtail the amount of SOx in vessel emissions.
■ Subsea Support Vessels
Vessels designed for arrangement and technical support work during exploitation of offshore oil and gas fields.
■ “Visualization of Marine Operations”
Measures to provide visualization of the conditions of vessels and cargo at sea using ICT, thereby achieving optimal vessel operations, in conjunction with providing value-added ser- vices to customers. For example, big data on weather and sea conditions is analyzed and effectively utilized to achieve safer vessel operations and optimal routing. In addition, measures will be taken to improve the safety of vessel operations and ship management efficiency, including remotely monitoring the operational status of engines and other machinery and making maintenance arrangements in advance.
■ Yield Management
In the containership business, this refers to a management technique to maximize profitability for the round-trip voyage of each container. Freight rates are set and sales activities conducted to maximize net proceeds (gross profits calcu- lated by deducting direct costs from freight revenues) rather than freight rates themselves. Direct costs include loading and unloading costs, feeder costs, and the costs of returning empty containers (calculated to reflect the aspect of surplus and shortage of containers at each point).
 Mitsui O.S.K. Lines MOL Report 2018
 5

  6
 MOL’s History: “Spirit of Challenge and Innovation”
History
of the future, while overcoming various challenges along the way. What has supported us has been our “spirit of challenge and innovation.” Going forward, we will nurture this spirit and maintain course into the next 130 years.
1984
Launched the SENSHU MARU, an LNG Carrier
Demand, mainly from electric power companies, increased for imports of liquefied natural gas (LNG), an energy source with a low environmental burden. Requiring transport at –162oC, LNG is technically challenging to transport. MOL rose to the challenge, entering the LNG transport field in 1983. Since then, MOL’s fleet of LNG carriers has expanded to a world-leading 94 (including outstanding orders) as of March 31, 2018.
2018 March
World’s first ice-breaking LNG carrier project Delivery of MOL’s first ice-breaking carrier, VLADIMIR RUSANOV
2017
Delivery of the MOL FSRU Challenger, the first FSRU owned and operated by an Asian company
2016
World’s first large ethane carrier ETHANE CRYSTAL completed
   Throughout its more than 130 years of history, MOL has grown into one of the world’s largest full-line marine transport groups by anticipating the needs of its customers and the demands
  2012
 The world’s first hybrid car carrier, the EMERALD ACE, is launched.
 2010
The first participation in FPSO
2004
Daibiru Corporation becomes a consolidated subsidiary of MOL.
1999
New Mitsui O.S.K. Lines is established by the merger of MOL and Navix Line.
1996
MOL acquires a share in chemical tanker operator Tokyo Marine
(Current: MOL Chemical Tankers Pte. Ltd.)
1995
Commenced First Alliance in Containership
Services (The Global Alliance)
In containerships, massive investments are required for vessel construction, operating a number of sea routes and other aspects of the business. MOL commenced the industry’s first global alliance with container shipping companies based in the United States, Europe and Hong Kong, to augment each other’s network of trade routes. The allied companies also worked to enhance customer service by sharing space on containerships and increasing the ports of call and the frequency of stops.
  1973~1985
Competitiveness of Japanese Flagged Vessels Challenged by the Yen’s Sharp Appreciation Following the Plaza Accord and Floating Exchange Rates
In 1973, Japan switched from a fixed exchange rate system where one U.S. dollar equaled ¥360 to a floating exchange rate system. With the signing of the Plaza Accord in 1985, the yen appreciated sharply from around ¥240 per U.S. dollar to about ¥120. This caused the competitiveness of Japanese flagged vessels to nosedive. MOL began promoting mixed crews of Japanese and foreign national seafarers, and reduced a large number of Japanese seafarers as part of its restructuring process.
  1884
The Birth of Osaka Shosen Kaisha
(OSK Line)
The founding of MOL can be traced back to Osaka Shosen Kaisha (OSK Line), which was established in 1884 by 55 shipowners of Seto Inland Sea area in Western Japan and their in-kind contributions of 93 vessels.
1989
Navix Line is established by the merger of Japan Line and Yamashita-Shinnihon Steamship.
        1983
Japan’s first specialized methanol tanker, the KOHZAN MARU is launched.
1968
Mid 2000s~
China’s Commodity Import Boom Surges and Wanes
MOL’s aggressive investment in the field of natural resource and energy transport was successful. With the unprecedented marine transport boom brought about by China’s commodity import boom, we recorded historic profits in fiscal 2007. However, amid slowing economic growth worldwide and the oversupply of vessels following the economic crisis in 2008, the shipping market stumbled and has continued to struggle with ongoing stagnation. To respond to this vastly different business environment, MOL implemented the Business Structural Reforms in the dry bulker business and decided on integrating the containership businesses of three Japanese shipping companies.
      2018 April
Operations began at Ocean Network Express, a company formed through the integration of three Japanese shipping companies’ containership businesses
(related information on P. 11 and 14)
MOL, Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha and Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. decided in 2016 to merge their containership businesses to strengthen their global network and competi- tiveness. Ocean Network Express, the integrated company established in 2017, started operations in April 2018 and the combined vessel fleet after integration is approximately 1.49 million TEUs—fifth largest in the world with a 7% global share.
  1942
Mitsui & Co., Ltd. spins off its shipping department to create Mitsui Steamship Co., Ltd.
1961
World’s first automated ship,
the KINKASAN MARU, is launched.
Full containership service commenced.
AMERICA MARU (700TEU)
1964
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (MOL) is founded by a merger of OSK Line and Mitsui Steamship.
1965
Japan’s first specialized car carrier, the OPPAMA MARU, is launched.
   1945~1970
The Devastation and Recovery of Japan’s Merchant Fleets from World War II
Japan’s private merchant shipping fleets were conscripted into military transport, losing a total of around 2,400 vessels and over 30,000 seafarers. While recovering from its defeat in the war, Japan becomes a major trading country that imports iron ore, petroleum and other resources while exporting automobiles, electrical appliances and other products.
Growing in tandem with the rebounding Japanese economy, MOL provides much needed marine transport, promoting diversification and specialization of its businesses to ultimately develop into a full-line marine transport group boasting a wide range of vessel types.
  Early 2000s
Aggressive Investment in Resource and Energy
Transport
After the 1999 merger with Navix Lines, which was particularly strong in transporting natural resources and energy, MOL aggressively invested in these fields, predicting China’s economic development and increased demand for resources. We continued to scale up our fleet of LNG carriers, crude oil tankers, and dry bulkers which transport iron ore, coal, etc.
 Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5. MOL Report 2018
 7

         [Steaming Coal Carrier] NAGARA MARU
[Methanol Carrier] CAJUN SUN
[LNG Carrier] LNG SATURN
[Subsea Support Vessel] Skandi Santos
O
[FPSO]
Cidade de Caraguatatuba MV27
Photo: MODEC, Inc.
[Car Carrier] BELUGA ACE
ur Fleet
[Chemical Tanker] M/T NAEBA GALAXY
                 [FSRU]
MOL FSRU Challenger
[VLCC] KIRISHIMA
            [Containership] ONE COMMITMENT
[Cruise Ship] NIPPON MARU
[Dry Bulker Capesize Bulker] VEGA DREAM
         89
[Shuttle Tanker] Madre De Deus
[Ice-Breaking LNG Carrier] VLADIMIR RUSANOV
[Ferry]
SUNFLOWER SATSUMA
[ Tugboat] ATSUMI MARU
    Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5. MOL Report 2018
                
Market Position in the Industry
MOL operates a balanced oceangoing fleet. In terms of its total fleet size and presence in individual market categories, MOL ranks among the world’s top class shipping companies.
Containerships
  (Thousand TEU)
0 1,000 2,000
3,000 4,000
5,000
        World Major Carriers’ Fleets (All Vessel Types)
Maersk
MSC
 (Number of Vessels)
0 200
400 600
800
1,000
857
1,200
China COSCO+OOCL
CMA-CGM
NEWJ/V (Ocea(OncNeaentwNeotwrkorEkxEpxrperesss))
         China COSCO (China) NYK (Japan) MOL (Japan) Oldendorff (Germany) APM-Maersk (Denmark) K Line (Japan) MSC (Switzerland) CMA-CGM (France) China Merchants (China) Fredriksen Swiss Marine Euronav+Gener8
63
Hapag-Lloyd (+UASC)
Evergreen Yang Ming
Hyundai
1,620
                     Global fleet capacity Orderbook Source: Alphaliner (As of April 2018)
     Dry Bulkers
Tankers
  0 20 40 60 80 100 120
(Million deadweight tonnage (DWT))
Number of vessels Deadweight tonnage (DWT)
Source: MOL internal estimation based on each companies’ published data, Clarkson and Alphaliner (March 2018)
(Thousand DWT)
(Thousand DWT)
0 5,000 10,000 15,000
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000 60,000
20,000
                   Global Major Carriers’ Fleet Composition (by DWT)
Oldendorff NYK China COSCO K Line MOL Swiss Marine
30,419
Euronav+Gener8 China COSCO China Merchants MOL Bahri Teekay
Source: Companies’ published data and Clarkson (March 2018)
Car Carriers
15,839
  (%)
0 20 40 60 80 100
       Global Seaborne Trade
MOL
NYK K Line APM-Maersk China COSCO Teekay CMA-CGM Frontline Oldendorff
49
25113 12
 Large bulkers  Small- and medium-sized bulkers
Source: Companies’ published data and Clarkson (March 2018)
        LNG Carriers
    0
MOL
NYK Nakilat* K Line Teekay Maran Gas
20
40
60
80 100
0 20 40 60 80 100 120 140
(Number of Vessels)
(Number of Vessels)
 94
MOL
NYK K Line EUKOR GLOVIS HOEGH
Source: MOL (March 2018)
Note: Excluding spot-chartered vessels
111
                               Dry bulker Tanker LNG carrier Car carrier Containership Source: Global seaborne trade = MOL estimates based on Clarkson data and others
In operation On order
Fleet composition = MOL estimates based on each company’s published data and Clarkson/Alphaliner (Excluding passenger ships, ferries and tugboats)
* Qatar Gas Transport Company Ltd.
Source: MOL (March 2018)
Note: The numbers include the vessels which are owned by each company (wholly or partially)
and the vessels for which vessel operation is entrusted to each company.
  10
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 11

    Current Business Portfolio
PORTFOLIO
  Fleet Table (Number of vessels)
337 169 80 5 120 14 1 Others 31 Subtotal 757 91 Total 848
Note: Figures include short-term chartered vessels and vessels owned by joint ventures. *1 FPSO, FSRU and Subsea Support Vessel
*2 ONE operates from April 2018.
 LNG Carriers (including Ethane Carriers)
As of March 31, 2018
337
As of March 31, 2017
    Dry Bulkers
(including Steaming Coal Carriers)
    Tankers (including Chemical Tankers)
173
    83
   Offshore Businesses*1
7
    Car Carriers
119
    Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
14
    Cruise Ship
1
   32
   766
    Containerships*2
91
   857
        Chemical Tankers
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
LNG Carriers
Methanol Tankers
Daibiru Corporation
Crude Oil Tankers
Offshore Businesses
Tugboats
    Terminals and Logistics Businesses
  Car Carriers
Trading Business
Large Bulkers
 Small- and Medium-Sized Bulkers
 Product Tankers
 Containerships
Highly specialized*
  Variable profits
Stable profits
     Less specialized*
  12 Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 13
 
    Reinvention of MOL’s Business Portfolio by Strategically Allocating Resources
Roadmap to Profit Improvement (Ordinary Profit)
Highly Stable Profits + Other Variable Profits (Losses) = Ordinary Profit (¥ billion)
PORTFOLIO
    ▶: Major Specific Achievements
  Dry Bulkers
 <Large bulkers>
Ensure the renewal of long-term contracts with domestic and overseas steelmakers
<Small- and medium-sized bulkers>
Shift to a business model that steadily generates profits securing an additional margin over the market
Increase contracts for biomass fuel transport, which are expected to generate mid- and long-term revenue
▶ Signed deal for bauxite transport from Guinea
  Tankers
 Strengthen chemical tankers and methanol tankers, while downsizing the product tanker fleet
Consider entering the tank terminal business
▶ Entered the tank container business through capital and business alliance with Nippon Concept Corporation
 LNG Carriers
  Continue to accumulate highly stable profits through long-term contracts
Pursue vertically integrated businesses with LNG transportation as a core
▶ Signed long-term charter contracts for four LNG carriers (conventional type) serving Yamal LNG project in Russia
  Offshore Businesses
Expand FPSOs, FSRUs and subsea support vessels
Consider entering emission-free businesses, beginning with offshore wind power- related businesses
▶ Launched MOL FSRU Challenger in a new FSRU project in Turkey ▶ Participated in the SWAN project in India
▶ Signed long-term charter contract for LNG bunkering vessel
  Car Carriers
  Procure eco-friendly vessels (incl. LNG-fueled vessels)
▶ Reduced core fleet to respond to changing trade patterns
 Terminals & Logistics
 Expand regionally focused logistics through M&A, etc. (with a focus on Southeast Asia and the Americas)
Rollout business under the unified brand MOL Worldwide Logistics in the NVOCC business
▶ Invested in the PKT Logistics Group, a leader in Malaysia’s total logistics field
 Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
Strengthen the network of integrated sea and land transportation services combining trucks and ferries
Create a casual cruise market by leveraging ICT
▶ Launched two new building ferries (increased truck-carrying capacity, upgraded onboard facilities for passenger use)
 Associated Businesses
  <Real estate>
Expand business development in Asia
<Environment and emission-free businesses>
Gradually increase and diversify investments, primarily overseas, and transform them into core businesses through domestic business development
    Business Strategies (Other than Containerships)
  Operations started in April 2018 at Ocean Network Express (ONE), an integrated containership business company formed by three Japanese shipping companies
Strengthening Competitive Advantage
    Operational Efficiency
Best Practices
Creation of more synergy and enhancement of operational efficiency by integration of each company’s best practices
Economy of Scale
Larger Business Size
Achievement of economy of scale by integrating the three companies
Competi- tiveness (Profitability)
Synergy of $1,050 million/year
Profit stabilization by accomplishment of synergy of $1,050 million/year
Appearance of Synergy Effects
Breakdown of the $1,050 million/year synergy effect:
  Reduction of variable costs Reduction of overhead costs Reduction of operation costs
$430 million: Reduction in costs for railroads, trucks, feeders, terminals, containers, etc.
$370 million: IT integration and organizational rationalization, promotion of outsourcing, etc. $250 million: Reduction in fuel consumption, rationalization of routes, etc.
  Appearance of Synergy Effects Timeline
 (Millions of U.S. dollars) 1,200
1, 000 800 600 400 200 0
About 60%
FY2018
About 80%
FY2019
100%
Reduction of overhead costs
Reduction of operation costs
FY2020
* Based on an assumed exchange rate of ¥105/$1 (as of April 27, 2018)
  Reduction of variable costs
     As a result of the $1,050 million synergy effect that ONE generates yearly, MOL will see improvement in profitability of approx. ¥34 billion* in line with its 31% share of the company
Business Strategies (Containerships)
   Highly specialized*
Fields for strategic resource allocation Investment of management resources in businesses that
will generate highly stable profits and fields where MOL can leverage its competitive edge
Projected medium-term levels ¥80.0–100.0 billion
100.0 80.0 60.0 40.0 20.0 0 –20.0 –40.0
¥31.4 billion
55.0
Transitional costs related to containership business integration
FY2017 FY2018 Results Forecasts
  ¥40.0 billion
         56.0
63.0
63.0
  ■ Highly stable profits (existing)
■ Highly stable profits (contract renewal) ■ Other variable profits (losses)
● Ordinary profit (total)
 FY2019 Plan
FY2020 Plan
(as of April 27, 2018)
    Chemical Tankers
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
Terminals and Logistics Businesses
LNG Carriers
Offshore Businesses
Tugboats
    Daibiru Corporation
Crude Oil Tankers
Methanol Tankers
  Car Carriers
Trading Business
Small- and Medium-Sized Bulkers
  Large Bulkers
 ● Highly stable profits
● Other variable profits (losses)
  Containerships (Ocean Network Express)
Economy of scale through integration
Product Tankers
 Variable profits
Stable profits
    Less specialized*
* In plotting the vertical axis (highly to less specialized), each business was considered comprehensively after taking account of the perspectives in the box to the immediate right.
• Niche or mass market
• Competitive environment • MOL’s relative superiority • Versatility of vessel type
  14 Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
15
16
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 17

 Message from the CEO
I strongly believe that
the development of “stress-free services” is key in strengthening trust and being the first choice for customers.
Progress and Evaluation of Management Plan “Rolling Plan 2017”
       Junichiro Ikeda President & CEO
Last year, the Company formulated a new management plan which revises our past practice of adopting fixed-term strate- gies every three years. Under this new approach, we first devised a vision for the MOL Group to be pursued in the coming ten years. Next, we clarified what measures are to be taken to fulfill this vision. In today’s turbulent business envi- ronment, it is becoming increasingly necessary to adjust to new realities and be flexible in our endeavors. Plans need to be revised, or at least adjusted every year, hence, the title of last year’s plan,“Rolling Plan 2017.”The plan seeks to achieve our ten-year vision by reinventing the business portfolio in tandem with the enhancement of our financial strength. This is to be achieved through the strategic allocation of resources to carefully selected business fields which will serve to generate highly stable profits and leverage the Company’s strengths. Looking at the progress in terms of financial perfor- mance in fiscal 2017, MOL posted a substantial extraordinary loss accompanying the integration of the containership busi- nesses, which pushed net profit into the red. This prevented MOL from achieving its goals for a stronger financial structure. However, we are pleased with the progress made towards the reformation of our business portfolio.
LNG carriers and offshore businesses are positioned as the core of the strategic business fields for resource allocation. In the LNG carriers division, MOL acquired long-term charter contracts for four conventional LNG carriers to be deployed in the Yamal LNG project, following the securement of long-term contracts for ice-breaking LNG carriers for use in the same project. In the area of offshore businesses, the Company estab- lished a foothold in the market for Floating Storage and Regas- ification Units (FSRUs) by becoming the owner and operator of a project in Turkey and deploying MOL FSRU Challenger. This is the first time an Asian shipping company has ventured into the
FSRU business. In addition, MOL further strengthened the business through the SWAN project in India, providing opera- tions and maintenance know-how without entering into own- ership. This has allowed us to generate steady revenues on a fee basis with minimal risk. In the area of dry bulkers and tank- ers, MOL has worked to solidify its mutual trust with existing customers and has been successful in renewing and moving forward with many contracts. By securing steady sources of profits on the basis of long-term contracts, the Company was able to establish highly stable profits for the future.
MOL has also made good progress in leveraging its existing strengths in the business fields where it holds an edge over competitors. For example, in the area of chemical tankers, which requires extensive expertise and know-how, MOL is enhancing its competitiveness by developing new large-scale tankers. As for ferries and coastal RoRo ships, newly built fer- ries are being introduced to improve fuel efficiency and expand cargo space. An intensifying shortage of truck drivers combined with rising environmental concerns is propelling a modal shift from land transport to shipping, which MOL has firmly leveraged. Meanwhile, the Company is taking steps to cultivate tourism demand, by providing expanded and more luxurious private spaces for passengers and more actively marketing ferry travel. In the logistics business, the Company is consolidating services under the unified brand of MOL Logistics Worldwide, and providing various high-end services to meet demand for the integrated transportation of individ- ual items. MOL also invested in one of Malaysia’s leading logistics companies. In addition to efforts to enter new regional markets and provide tailor-made services to custom- ers, the Company has established a capital and business alli- ance with Nippon Concept Corp., to gain a foothold in the tank container transport business.
   18
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 19

Message from the CEO
Toward “Rolling Plan 2018”
Continue Reinvention of MOL’s Business Portfolio
by Strategically Allocating Resources
There have been no major changes to the fundamental strat- egy behind “Rolling Plan 2018.” MOL continues to focus its resources in strategic business fields such as the LNG carriers, offshore businesses, chemical tankers, methanol tankers and logistics businesses. Through this, the Company strives to accu- mulate further medium- and long-term contracts to ensure the retainment of a stable cash flow in the future, as well as to expand businesses where it holds a competitive edge.
Differentiating MOL from Competitors by Deploying “Stress-Free Services”
As the Company steadily moves forward in its efforts to con- centrate resources in the key strategic business fields, the focus of the rolling plan, now in its second year, has shifted slightly. It now adopts a more concrete roadmap to achieve MOL’s goals for the next decade.
As CEO, a particular objective I wish to pursue is to provide “stress-free services that are truly convenient for customers.” In today’s marine transport industry, it would seem difficult for any company to differentiate itself from others based on concrete factors. MOL strongly believes developing “stress-free services” is a vital way in which it can earn the trust of custom- ers and become a truly reliable partner, which should lead to the achievement of sustainable growth in the longer term. Advances in digital innovation, among other factors, have led to a diversification and intensification of customer needs. Indeed, the market has progressed so rapidly that many cus- tomers have latent needs that they themselves have difficulty
recognizing or specifying. MOL is looking for ways to cultivate this latent demand by proposing comprehensive solutions, and adopting an approach to sales that differs from conven- tional methods.
To take the lead in these new initiatives, MOL newly estab- lished the Corporate Marketing Division. This new division is responsible for business intelligence—analyzing client com- panies and entire industries to identify needs that have not been met by conventional marketing activities and planning new methods of approaching each market and each individ- ual customer. The Company also created the Technology Innovation Unit to merge the functions formerly handled by the Technology Department (which addressed issues relating to ships, machinery and other technical resources) and the IT Department (which oversaw all issues relating to digitalization and information technology). MOL works in an integrated manner to provide customers with optimal solutions.
Refining Company Strengths to Support
Sustainable Growth
Naturally, it is not possible to provide truly “stress-free services” just by changing the approach or the structure of our opera- tions. MOL needs to constantly monitor and respond to changing customer needs, while cultivating its responsiveness and the ability to propose solutions. To this end, the Company defined clearer priorities in five specific themes, identified last year as Group-wide priorities for strengthening the MOL Group, and continues to develop its strengths in these priori- tized items.
In terms of the ICT strategy, in addition to offering solutions that employ digital technology, the Company is developing a
next-generation type of ship management support system that aims for the “visualization of marine operations.” With the technology development and the environment, the Technol- ogy Innovation Unit is making progress in three particular areas. Firstly, it is moving to implement the further use of LNG-fueled vessels in response to both tighter environmental regulations and the need to combat global climate change. Secondly, it is taking initiative in the development of the Wind Challenger, a new type of vessel that will be partially powered by sails. In doing so, we aim to improve fuel efficiency and reduce environmental impact. Thirdly, to ease the workload for crews onboard and improve safety, it is working on the development of autonomous sailing technologies. Further- more, in the environment and emissions-free businesses which we consider the pillars for future generations, MOL is actively entering new business segments such as LNG fuel bunkering vessels and businesses related to offshore wind-powered generators.
For the environment, in the future, marine transport busi- nesses will be required to meet tighter environmental regula- tions. Specifically, in 2020, new regulations are due to be adopted covering SOx (sulfur oxide emissions) from ship engines, which is expected to greatly increase the cost of bunker fuel. It will be necessary to spread awareness and ensure that customers understand the reasons for the increase in the cost of our services, as this will be a burden that everyone must bear in the interest of protecting our environment. (For details regarding environmental regula- tions, P. 72.)
Regarding the marine technical skills, which are fundamen- tal in ensuring the safety and consistency of its shipping operations, the Company is working to further enhance safety awareness in both its personnel and the organization as a whole. At the same time, MOL constantly works to improve its abilities as a group of marine transport profes- sionals capable of proposing solutions that meet customer needs, such as improving transport efficiency and reducing environmental impact.
For the workstyle reforms, every employee in the Company will need to improve their performance, work habits and thought patterns. To this end, it is important to introduce workstyle reforms that promote greater creativity and flexibil- ity to build a vibrant organization where new ideas and approaches are continuously generated. MOL will be revising the structure of its personnel system to hone the skills of middle managers so that their leadership and initiatives can motivate employees in day-to-day operations. As chairman of the Improvement of Work Efficiency Committee, I will commit to exploring new working styles, more flexible office condi- tions, and any other changes that can promote a more ener- getic and productive corporate structure.
In addition to pursuing Group-wide priorities for the strengthening of the MOL Group, MOL intends to study ways to further improve safety and cost competitiveness—the two criteria that customers consider most important when
selecting a transport company. One of the main topics newly added to “Rolling Plan 2018” is the improvement of cost competitiveness. MOL is trying to strengthen the competi- tiveness of its fleet through cost-cutting measures and enhanced utilization of vessels. The Company is also adopt- ing RPA (Robotic Process Automation) to increase the effi- ciency of administrative work. We shall keep no stone unturned and seriously take on this project.
      1. Vision for the MOL Group Ten Years from Now
■ The MOL Group will provide “stress-free services” that are truly convenient for customers worldwide, with the aim of serving customers as a solid and reliable partner at all times.
■ The Group will develop the environment and emission-free businesses into one of its future core operations.
■ The Group will strategically allocate resources to carefully selected businesses that have a clear competitive edge. The goal is to make the MOL Group a collection of businesses boasting the highest competitiveness in their respective fields.
2. Strategies for Realizing the Vision
■ Carefully select opportunities for new investments and pursue business models focused on cash flow
■ Prioritize resources to develop and defend business fields ■ Group-wide priorities for strengthening the MOL Group
Marine technical skills
ICT
Technology development
Environment
Workstyle reforms
Provide services that fully harness the MOL Group’s marine technical skills
Provide visualization of maritime operations (safe and optimal vessel operation) and added value for customers
Push ahead with the “ISHIN NEXT—MOL SMART SHIP PROJECT—”(advanced support technologies for safer vessel operation and technologies for reducing environmental impact)
Develop and promote environment and emis- sion-free businesses as innovative, future core businesses by staying on top of changes in the external environment
Enhance human resources competitiveness and achieve innovation through an organizational culture that encourages employees to work vibrantly and productively
 3. Medium- to Long-Term Profit Levels and Key Financial Indicators
Projected medium-term levels
2027 targets
 Ordinary profit
 ¥80.0–100.0 billion
 ¥150.0–200.0 billion
 ROE
  8–12%
  —
 Gearing ratio
 2.0 or less
 1.0
       20
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 21

 Message from the CEO
Improving Cash Flow and Capital Efficiency
Our Vessel &
Value Creation
  In recent years, free cash flow has remained continuously in negative territory, elevating the gearing ratio to over 2.0. This is an important management issue we wish to improve upon. The Company aims to restore a positive free cash flow as quickly as possible through the consolidation of its con- tainership business to revive profitability and other measures to expand businesses generating highly stable profits from long-term contracts to improve cash flows from operating activities. However, MOL continues to invest in projects such as LNG carriers and offshore businesses, which are expected to be the main source of future expanded profits.
Accordingly, cash flows from investing activities are likely to be a net outflow of ¥350 billion in the three-year period from fiscal 2018 through 2020. Considering shareholders’ equity, MOL has introduced new standards for future invest- ment decisions, which place a heavy emphasis on capital efficiency and cash flow. Therefore, the Company will be far more selective in approving new investments in the future. MOL will exercise greater control over its cash flows from investing activities by also considering selling off assets, particularly stocks held for cross-shareholding purposes.
Process of Increasing Corporate Value
     Development of “Stress-Free Services”
Feature
Sustainable Growth and Creating Social Value
  Strengthening Relationships with Customers
      To Our Shareholders and Investors
When I took over as CEO, the Company’s most important management priority was to deal with the containership business. Now that the three Japanese shipping companies have integrated their containership businesses, we appear to be on a clearer path to an earnings recovery. After an 18-month preparatory period, the integrated containership firm, Ocean Network Express (ONE), commenced services as originally planned in April 2018. The integration makes it the fifth-largest containership business operator in the world. Synergies from fusing the best practices of all three former parent companies and economies of scale should allow it to generate a steady profit, and ensure good prospects for future growth. Even under the management control of ONE, we expect our containership business to continue to be a central contributor to MOL’s earnings in the future. ONE will operate under the firm governance of a holding company,
and as one of the shareholders, MOL can offer support when- ever necessary.
By spinning off the containership business, which accounted for a very large share of our revenues, we must now consider what the identity of the MOL Group entails. The Company is unique in the marine transport industry, as a full-line marine transport operator that holds the top compet- itive position in many business sectors. The broad scope of the Group’s operations allow it to offer comprehensive solutions for customers with diverse cargo transportation needs. By striving to introduce “stress-free services,” MOL is building on a solid foundation of reliability and brand strength accumulated over 130 years of operations. I wish to thank shareholders for their support and understanding as we continue to work to be our customer’s first choice for marine transport services.
Safe Operation
Human Resources
Non-Financial Capital to Realize Sustainable Growth
Implementing Four Initiatives to Achieve Sustainable Growth
MOL pursues the increase of its economic corporate value as well as the creation of social value, based on the four initiatives of safe operation, human resources, the environment, and technology innovation, in order to achieve stable growth through strengthening relationships with customers by providing the “stress-free services” as described in our management plan, and to realize sustainable growth that considers a wide range of stakeholders, such as employees and local communities, together with the global environment itself.
The Environment
Technology Innovation
   Contributing to Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs)
The MOL Group, as one of the world’s largest full-line marine transport groups, will contribute to realizing the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in the resolution adopted by the UN General Assembly in September 2015, through the aforementioned four initiatives.
   22
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 23
                                                  
              Our Vessel & Value Creation
     24
25
 VLCC
SHIZUKISAN
&
  Safe Operation
The SHIZUKISAN was built in 2009 and is a Very Large Crude Carrier (VLCC) capable of delivering over 300,000 tons of crude oil in a single shipment (equivalent to about half of a single day’s consumption in Japan). Since its delivery, the vessel has been operated under a long- term transport contract with a domestic customer, mainly contributing to the stable delivery of crude oil from the Middle East to Japan. As this is one of the largest of the many types of vessels, it takes longer to change navigating speed or course. Furthermore, operation of VLCCs requires an extremely high standard of safety as it carries vast quantities of crude oil, a hazardous substance, and must pass through the Strait of Malacca, one of the world’s most congested seas.
SHIZUKISAN
  · Undertaking various initiatives to forge ahead to become the world leader in safe operation
Capture long-term contracts to create
· Innovation in safe operations by applying ICT stable profits by earning customers’ trust
         Contributing to SDGs
 Captain
Safe operations are crucial for any type of vessel, but VLCCs demand a higher level of tension because they handle and transport huge quantities of crude oil, a hazardous substance, meaning the risk of explosions, fire or environmental destruction from oil spills is constant.
MOL is engaged in various initiatives for safe opera- tions from both hard and soft aspects. From a hard aspect, under our original MOL Safety Standard Specifi- cations, we carry out numerous initiatives from the shipbuilding stage to respond to risks, such as installing security cameras in the engine room, which enable constant monitoring for fire from the bridge.
From a soft aspect, the annual MOL Safety Conference involves various types of rank-based training programs aimed at improving skills with seafarers on shore leave taking part and participants exchanging opinions on actual accidents to prevent their recurrence. Among the activities, simulations reflecting operations on seas of varying conditions in the BRM drill* have proven to be an effective training method for VLCCs, of which maneuverability is markedly restricted compared to other vessel types.
The Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC) sends in a timely manner extremely useful information, such as data on weather and ocean conditions, piracy and political instability, to aid captains in determining ideal speeds and safer routes. In addition, when arriving in a discharging port in Japan, a marine superintendent and a technical supervisor are dispatched to confirm the unloading operation is conducted safely and that the entire ship is properly maintained. Detailed support provided by each supervisor collaborating closely with captains on the front lines goes a long way in building a relationship of trust with oil companies.
Those various initiatives are crucial for the Company, but, of course, the most important thing of all is for each and every seafarer on board to have the neces- sary expertise and to carry out their duties responsibly to ensure safe operations. I maintain my motivation by expressing gratitude to my crew for supporting safe operations on a daily basis, and striving to foster a culture of safety.
* Bridge resource management drill: Simulating an incident on a vessel operation simulator to enable seafarers to acquire response techniques. It includes MOL’s original programs.
Raise Individual Awareness of Safe Operation and Foster
a Culture of Safety
SHIZUKISAN
 Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC)
■ Established in 2007 with the motto “Never let the captain get isolated.”
■ Staffed at all times by two marine technical specialists including an experienced
MOL captain.
■ Monitoring and supporting approximately 860 vessels operated by MOL and affiliated
companies, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
■ Collecting information on weather and ocean conditions (including abnormal weather
and tsunamis) and security threats (including piracy and terrorism), and reporting in a timely manner to the relevant personnel.
 Goichi Umezaki
  “Visualization of Marine Operations”
■ Provide visualization of the conditions of vessels and cargo at sea using ICT.
→ Offer value-added services to customers including sharing operation information
of vessels.
■ Analyze big data on weather and ocean conditions gathered from MOL-operated
vessels.
→ Utilize for safe operations and reducing fuel consumption based on optimal routing.
■ Make multidimensional analysis between actual operational stoppage accidents and
  causal correlations of data from multiple sources.
→ Develop more effective measures to prevent accidents.
■ Remotely monitor the operational status of engines and other machinery on board.
→ Make necessary replacement of parts and maintenance arrangements well in advance.
Collecting data from MOL-operated vessels
 Promotion of Autonomous Sailing
■ Aiming to prevent human error and respond to a shortage of seafarers in the future.
■ Set a goal of achieving autonomous sailing by 2025–2030.
■ In December 2017, MOL signed a deal with Rolls-Royce Marine on the joint research of
an advisory-type Intelligent Awareness System (IAS), which detects obstacles near vessels with new sensors and provides ship operational support information to officers onboard immediately.
→ Install the IAS on a ferry in service operated by Ferry Sunflower Limited in the Seto
Inland Sea.
■ In December 2017, MOL agreed with Furuno Electric Co., Ltd. and MOL Techno-Trade
to jointly develop a system that supports ship operation during voyages using aug- mented reality (AR) technology.
Image of IAS in use
 For details of the safe operation
PP. 66–68.
  Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5. MOL Report 2018
         
              Our Vessel & Value Creation
     26
27
 Car Carrier
VALIANT ACE
&
  Human Resources
Car carriers are vessels used exclusively for carrying motor vehicle cargo such as automobiles and construction machinery. Compared to other vessels, car carriers are more susceptible to strong winds as they have something like an enormous multistory parking lot structured inside the box-like hulls. Therefore, navigation of these vessels requires significant experience and knowledge, such as how to adjust ballast water to control balance and plot courses to avoid bad weather. The VALIANT ACE is a car carrier built in 2012 and has a 6,400- vehicle capacity. The vessel operates in a wide area including not only Asia, North America and Europe, but also South America, Africa and Oceania, reflecting diversifying automobile trades.
 VALIANT ACE
  · Training top-quality seafarers through operation of training facilities
· Create environments where people want to work
Achieve safe and reliable transportation through top-quality seafarers and strengthen the MOL brand
          Contributing to SDGs
   Training Highly Competent Seafarers on a Global Scale
■ Since 2011, MOL has been providing education and training to Filipino cadets at an MOL training facility in the Philippines.
■ In August 2018, MOL will open MOL Magsaysay Maritime Academy Inc. jointly with a local partner to take over from the abovementioned facility. The maximum number of students is 300 per year.
■ MOL conducts a wide variety of training from lectures to learn theories to practical training using simulators at training centers in six countries including the Philippines.
■ At each training center, MOL employs an advanced onshore simulator that perfectly recreates the bridge of a large vessel in operation. This simulator features concen- trated real-life experiences of seafarers and enables an iterative approach under all weather and ocean conditions.
A new maritime academy training facility
Simulator
  MONTENEGRO
Training centers around the world
INDIA
RUSSIA JAPAN
PHILIPPINES INDONESIA
Continuing to Be a Proud
Member of MOL
 I was born and grew up in Antique in the Philippines. I had my first experience onboard a passenger ship at age 10 and can remember seeing the crew members to this day. They were tall and proud, in pristine white uniforms with shoulder boards. I saw how people looked at them with admiration and respect. I told myself that someday I would become one of them. I had friends with brothers or fathers who were seaman, and seeing their abundant lifestyles strengthened my resolve. In addition to my childhood dream, I decided to aim for a seafaring career as it would help me sup- port my parents, siblings and my own future family.
After secondary school, I entered maritime college where I was fortunately privileged to be a Magsaysay-MOL scholar upon being selected after stiff competition. Following graduation from maritime college, I advanced to the Officer Candidate Course at MIS*, an MOL training facility. We not only gained knowledge and skill sets here, but also worked on physical condi- tioning, which gave me a sense of ease about my long-term onboard cadet training. During training, senior Filipino seafarers made quite an impression by mentoring newcomers with their knowledge and experience. I got a glimpse of how MOL maintains and improves its seafarers’ marine technical skills.
I decided to enter MOL because I had been chosen for a scholarship. Once I started actually working for MOL, I saw that there is no compromise regarding the safety of lives, ships and cargo, as well as outstanding crew members’ achievements and accomplishments do not go disregarded and after seeing these things in MOL, my motivation to continue as a member of the MOL family became even greater.
My current aim is to become a captain, with the trust of my peers to command a ship. My childhood memory of the seafarers remains as powerful as ever, and encourages me daily as I go about my work. I am proud to be a seafarer for MOL, one of the world’s most prestigious shipping companies, and by becoming a seafarer with sufficient skills and expertise, I hope to contribute to further improving MOL’s overall value and competitiveness.
* Magsaysay Institute of Shipping
MIS was jointly established by MOL and Magsaysay Maritime Corporation in 1993. The institute provides various types of practical and theoretical training to prepare students for careers at sea.
Nationality Ratio of Seafarers (MOL-owned vessels as of March 2018)
Philippines 68% India 14% Europe 6% Japan 3% Indonesia 2% Russia 5% Others 2%
VALIANT ACE
First Officer (Philippine nationality) Louie John Q. Tuvillo
 Maintaining Motivation to Continue as an MOL Group Seafarer
■ MOL has held the MOL Presidential Awards to Officers and Engineers ceremony annually since 2008.
■ MOL has also held annual long-service award ceremonies for Filipino seafarers who belong to Magsaysay MOL Marine, Inc., an MOL
Group seafarer dispatch company, as well as hosted family day events for seafarers’ families every year.
Recipients from the 2017 MOL Presidential Awards to Officers and Engineers Family day scene
     Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5. MOL Report 2018
         
              Our Vessel & Value Creation
     28
29
 Floating Storage and Regasification Unit
MOL FSRU Challenger
&
  The Environment
An FSRU (Floating Storage and Regasification Unit) is a ship-based offshore LNG receiving terminal. Its main roles are to store LNG received from LNG carriers in tanks and to regasify and send it out to onshore pipelines according to demand. FSRUs can be set up in less time and with less cost than onshore LNG receiving terminals. For this reason, plans to launch FSRUs have been progressing in various regions around the world, particularly in emerging countries. The MOL FSRU Challenger is the first FSRU to be independently built, owned and operated by an Asian shipping
MOL FSRU Challenger
 · World’s largest fleet of LNG carriers
· Solid relationships with partners worldwide
Expanding business domains to capture growing demand for LNG, a fuel with
a lower environmental burden
         Contributing to SDGs
  Meeting Customer and Environmental Needs in the LNG Value Chain
Comparison of Emission Volumes When Combusted (Using coal as a base of 100)
CO2
SOx (Sulfur oxides) NOx (Nitrogen oxides)
        Energy Business Strategy Division
General Manager, Strategy Division Yusuke Hongo
Coal
100 100 Natural gas 60 0 20‒40
100
Oil 80 70 70
      LNG Carriers
  Marine Transport
 LNG Carrier
Regasification System
FSRU
Jetty
 To onshore pipelines
 FSRUs
 Storage & Regasification
  Natural gas is a major primary energy source alongside petroleum and coal. It is produced primarily in the Middle East, the U.S., Australia and certain other regions, and exported to consumption regions such as Asia and Europe through onshore pipelines and via marine transport by LNG carriers after the gas is cooled and liquefied. It is the cleanest fossil fuel as its CO2 emissions are lower than those of coal or oil. Demand for natural gas is thus expected to grow significantly in the years to come.
LNG requires advanced transport expertise because it has to be transported at –162oC. MOL has been involved in the marine transport of LNG since the 1980s, and currently has the world’s largest fleet of LNG carriers, at 94 vessels (including outstanding orders) as of March 31, 2018. Through involvement in various projects over the years, we have been building up a solid base of expertise in the transport of LNG, as well as forming firm relationships with many local partners worldwide.
Previously, LNG receiving terminals had to be built onshore in order to receive LNG transported by LNG carriers. However, since the world’s first FSRU entered service in 2005, FSRUs have been rapidly adopted globally as they can be set up in less time and with less cost than conventional onshore receiving terminals
and also they provide a means of addressing demand for smaller amounts of LNG imports. In fact, in the past 10 years, FSRUs have been adopted by around 60% of the countries introducing LNG for the first time. With the launch of MOL FSRU Challenger, MOL has taken a major first step into the FSRU field.
Going forward, environmental regulations will be tightened in order to curtail the amounts of SOx (sulfur oxides) and CO2 in vessel emissions. In response, a growing number of shipping companies are introduc- ing LNG as an alternative bunker fuel to conventional heavy oil. Against this backdrop, MOL is currently building an LNG-fueled tugboat that is scheduled for launch in 2019. We will further consider introducing LNG-fueled vessels for use in other vessel types as well. In addition, MOL has entered the LNG bunker fuel supply business. Notably, in February 2018, MOL signed a long-term charter contract with Total Marine Fuels Global Solutions for a large LNG bunker vessel to supply LNG fuel to mega containerships.
As environmental awareness rises around the world, MOL will expand its business domains from the conventional marine transport of LNG to its storage, regasification, and the use and supply of LNG as bunker fuel. By doing so, MOL aspires to fulfill both customer and environmental needs.
LNG flow
Regasified gas flow
■ ■ ■
MOL has been involved in the marine transport of LNG since the 1980s.
Expanded up to current fleet of 94 vessels including out- standing orders as of March 31, 2018.
The first of three ice-breaking LNG carriers was launched for use in the Yamal LNG project in Russia. (March 2018)
■ MOL FSRU Challenger was delivered, and is the first FSRU independently built, owned and operated by an Asian shipping company. (October 2017)
■ MOL participated in an FSRU & FSU project developed by Swan Energy Limited in India. (September 2017)
  Expanding Business Domains through the LNG Value Chain
  ■ MOL signed a long-term charter contract with French oil major Total for a large LNG bunker vessel in February 2018.
■ The above large LNG bunker vessel will be delivered and start bunkering operations in northern Europe in 2020.
■ MOL made a decision to build an LNG-fueled tugboat in May 2017, and this will launch in Osaka Bay in April 2019.
■ MOL, Tohoku Electric Power Co., Inc. and Namura Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. started joint development of an LNG-fueled coal carrier, and earned an Approval in Principle for design in December 2017.
■ MOL teamed up with Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and other partners including a shipbuilding company, on a joint research project for an LNG-fueled capesize bulker in January 2017. (Photo below)
 LNG Bunker Vessels
  LNG Fuel Supply
  LNG-Fueled Vessels
 Use as Fuel
For details of the environment
PP. 71–72.
company. Following its delivery in October 2017, the vessel has been deployed to a project in Turkey. The MOL FSRU Challenger has the world’s largest LNG storage capacity of 263,000 m3, and the ability to reship LNG in its original state, in addition to gas transfer capabilities, which enable the reexport of LNG to neighboring regions or supply of LNG as fuel for other vessels.
  Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5. MOL Report 2018
          
              Our Vessel & Value Creation
     30
31
 Future Vessels
&
  Technology Innovation
MOL promotes the Wind Challenger Project, joint industry-academia research that began in 2009. This project aims to significantly reduce the amount of fuel consumed by large vessels currently dependent on oil fuels by maximizing the use of wind power for propulsion by attaching massive sail panels on vessels.
· Marine technical skills and sales capabilities cultivated over many years in the shipping industry
· Technological capabilities utilizing renewable energy and ICT
Identify and resolve issues related to social infrastructure and customers
Wind Challenger
         Scan here to see a video on the Wind Challenger Project
  The Ultimate Goal
Is to Bring About
a Logistics Revolution
Senior Managing Executive Officer Director General, Technology Innovation Unit
Contributing to SDGs
Yoshikazu Kawagoe
Three Areas of Focus
 Wind Challenger
■ The Wind Challenger Project research and practical demonstration phase finished in September 2017 and has now entered the applica- tion and commercialization phase conducted jointly with Oshima Shipbuilding Co., Ltd.
■ Currently, with the aim of realizing a single sail, we are working on detailed design and selecting the vessel to be equipped with it.
■ The aim is to select a vessel to be equipped with the sail in fiscal 2018, and start operations in 2020.
  Roadmap So Far
Completed
2009–September 2017
Research and practical demonstration phase
Conceptual image of the vessel equipped with a single sail while in full sail at sea
   Now
October 2017 onward
Application and commercialization phase
2020
Aim to start operations with vessel equipped with a single sail
     Sail demonstration unit
 The Technology Innovation Unit was established in April 2018. The mission of the unit is to anticipate the needs of customers and the new era and bring about exciting logistics innovations. The three divisions, namely, the Technical Division handling the physical side of the vessels, the Smart Shipping Division han- dling maritime ICT, and MOL Information Systems, Ltd. taking responsibility for overall ICT will coordinate to promote the development of technology services while using ICT to strengthen MOL’s competitiveness. In order to provide “stress-free services” under the Company’s management plan, we aim to identify and resolve customers’ issues by enhancing marine techni- cal skills and sales skills which we have acquired and technologies in relation to natural energy.
In 2016, MOL launched the “ISHIN NEXT—MOL SMART SHIP PROJECT—,” aiming to increase corporate value by developing two fields of technologies such as safer vessel operation and reduction of environmental impact. MOL will accelerate towards the realization of these existing initiatives through further deepening
Technology Innovation Unit Organization Chart
creative collaboration across industries. In the safe operation field, MOL is focusing intensely on promo- tion of autonomous vessels and is working with multi- ple partners to verify automatic technologies, such as image recognition, giving way to other vessels at sea, as well as berthing and unberthing. The Company is aiming to achieve a practical demonstration around 2020. In the environment field, MOL is promoting the Wind Challenger Project (see P. 31) for next-generation sailing vessels, aiming to operate a first vessel in 2020, following selection of a vessel to be equipped and completion of a design during 2018.
The prime goal of the unit, as well as of MOL, is the aforementioned“provision of stress-free services.”The Company will actively aim to start a logistics revolution to rival that of the home delivery services sector. This means not only promoting technological develop- ment, but service development collaborating closely with sales divisions.
  Autonomous vessels P. 25
LNG-fueled vessels P. 29
LNG fuel tank
   Technical Division
Technology Research Center
  Technology Innovation Unit
 Smart Shipping Division
  MOL Information Systems (Quasi in-house organization)
  Mitsui O.S.K. Lines MOL Report 2018
         
 Our Vessel & Value Creation
  32
33
  Non-Financial Indicators
Safe Operation
As MOL strives to achieve a global top-class level of operational safety, the Company has introduced targets for operational safety which we refer to as the Four Zeroes. The objective is to maintain a continuous record of safety, with zero serious marine incidents, zero oil pollution, zero fatal accidents and zero cargo damage. Data on the number of days that the Company has maintained this unblemished record is circulated among human resources, ensuring that every employee maintains a keen awareness of safety issues in all of their daily work activities.
MOL’s Workstyle Reforms
MOL’s management plan has set various objectives for reforming operations and workstyles across the entire organization, under our “Vision for the MOL Group Ten Years from Now” (see page 21).
(Workstyle reforms logo)
Sustainable corporate growth
“Creating innovation”
“Differentiation from other companies”
“Leading the industry in individual competitiveness”
     Creating a vibrant work environment that facilitates communication both horizontally and vertically, throughout the organization
New ideas and constructive deliberations
  Zero fatal accidents 230 days
 Zero serious
marine incidents 1,839 days
 Zero oil pollution 1,839 days
 Zero cargo damage 1,839 days
Number of days that MOL has maintained its Four Zeroes record for safety (as of June 30, 2018)
Human Resources
For details of the safe operation ⇒ PP. 66–68.
 MOL aims to cultivate a vibrant, energetic and diverse workforce, based on human resources from a multitude of countries, genders, cultures and backgrounds, who share the values of the MOL Group as expressed in MOL CHART (see page 2).
Enhancing efficiency
• Establishing an organizational culture
• Accelerating the speed of operating processes
• Rationalizing administrative activities
Creating internal structures that promote innovative ideas and enhance efficiency
Proceeding with workstyle reforms for both the organization and individuals
Enhancing employee satisfaction
• Clear separation of work and private life
• Working “smartly”
• Creating momentum for
the future
 Breakdown of Group Employees by Region (Consolidated)
N2,u00m0ber of Employees / Ratio of Females /
Ratio of Females in Managerial Positions*
(People) (%)
The president serves as chairman of the Improvement of Work Efficiency Committee
     ● Japan
● Southeast Asia
● East Asia 12%
FY2017 ● Europe 8% ● North America 8% ● Others 4%
Environment
40 1,500 30
53% 15%
Organization
Individuals
     1,000
500
0
20 10
2017 (FY) 0
Four areas of focus for reforming workstyles
 Personnel structure reforms
Introducing a new structure for the personnel system in fiscal 2018 based on the following principles: • A structure that supports the process of early identification and cultivation of leaders who will
increase organizational accountability and initiative
• Hiring and training specialists, and diversifying the range of career paths to give employees greater
scope and opportunity for accomplishment
Organizational culture reforms
• Conduct HOT Dialogue to enhance communication between the CEO and each division as well as general managers and staffs in divisions
• Provide company support for employee gatherings and activities across divisions
• Stimulate and organize discussions involving all human resources, via in-house social networks
• Introduce Smart OFF! Day on Wednesdays, where all human resources are recommended to leave
the office by 6 p.m.
• Launch the healthy breakfast campaign by serving breakfast in the Company cafeteria during the
summer to promote health and improve work performance
Workplace reforms
• Introduced a remote work from home program (in August 2017)
• Space created by reducing paper documents was used to establish an employee lounge area
• Redesign the basic office layout based on Company-wide discussions about workstyles and offices
Administrative reforms
• Provide facilitator training to teach employees the skills needed to manage meetings
• Introduce large touchscreen displays (Surface Hub) to improve meeting productivity
• Implement the Paper OFF! Project to promote the use of electronic (paperless) documents • Promote the use of Robotic Process Automation
HOT Dialogue
Set up conference rooms that can be used freely for non- conference matters
Conduct meetings using Surface Hub
        C25O,0200Emissions of MOL Fleet (Thousand tons) 20,000
15,000
10,000
M1O2L0 Group Emissions of CO2, SOx and NOx (per unit load) (%)
      5,000 0
110 100 90 80
70 2012 2013
○ CO2 emissions*
* Emissions per unit (ton-mile) compared to fiscal 2012
2017 (FY)
2013
2014
2015
2016
○ Ratio of Females (right scale) part-timers, etc., but including expatriate employees
■ Number of Employees (left scale)
○ Ratio of Females in Managerial Positions* (right scale)
* Unconsolidated basis excluding loaned employees, contract employees,
 Compared with other modes of transportation, shipping is the soundest method for transporting a large quantity of cargoes between two points, generating less CO2 emissions and pollutants per cargo unit carried than any other form of transportation, but the impact of the environment from the absolute amount emitted cannot be ignored. As an ecologically conscious company, MOL is constantly seeking ways to reduce CO2 emissions even more, to further reduce the impact of our operations on the planet.
  2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017 (FY)
2014 2015 2016
○ SOx emissions*
For details of the environment ⇒ PP. 71–72.
○ NOx emissions*
  Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5. MOL Report 2018
 
 At a Glance
  FY2017 Performance (Consolidated)
Shipping and other revenues
Revenues/Ordinary Profit by Segment
Equity ratio
23.0
Gearing ratio*1
2.19
Net gearing ratio*2
1.82
MOL’s fleet (number of vessels)
857
*1 Interest-bearing debt / Shareholders’ equity
*2 (Interest-bearing debt – Cash and cash equivalents) / Shareholders’ equity
Associated
Others
Less than 1%
Revenues by Segment
Businesses
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
3%
5%
Dry Bulkers (excluding Steaming Coal Carriers)
17%
 ¥1,652.3
Ordinary profit
billion
¥31.4
%
 Associated Businesses and Others
Dry Bulk Business
  6%
17%
Tankers
8%
LNG Carriers/ Offshore Businesses
5%
Steaming Coal Carriers
3%
13%
 Product Transport Business
Energy Transport Business
Ordinary Profit by Segment (¥ billions) FY2017
performance
     Total assets
¥2,225.6 billion Net assets
Fleet Composition
Number of ships (857)
Others
Containerships
billion
61%
16%
Dry Bulk Business
15.4
  Energy Transport Business
13.6
  Product Transport Business
(6.3)
       Containerships
45%
Car Carriers
Others
Containerships only
Associated Businesses
(10.6)
  12.6
  2.6
  Corporate/Eliminate
(6.5)
  Total
31.4
     ¥628.0
14%
39%
LNG Carriers/ Offshore Businesses
Deadweight tons
(63 million)
49%
billion
LNG Carriers/ Offshore Businesses
11%
Containerships
5%
Car Carriers
12%
11%
3%
  Car Carriers
Dry Bulkers
Dry Bulkers
11%
Tankers
Tankers
25%
20%
    34
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 35
  
At a Glance
MOL established the Dry Bulk Business Unit and the Energy Transport Business Unit in April 2016, and the Product Transport Business Unit in April 2017. Accordingly, MOL has reclassified its previous disclosure segments, namely Bulkships, Containerships, and Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships, as the Dry Bulk Business, Energy Transport Business and Product Transport Business from fiscal 2017.
 Business Activities
With one of the world’s largest fleets, MOL reliably trans- ports such dry bulk cargo as iron ore, coal, grains, wood, wood chips, cement, fertilizer and salt. Our fleet includes highly versatile bulk carriers and specialized vessels for specific cargo types.
With one of the world’s largest fleets, MOL is expanding activities globally. Our fleet includes crude oil tankers; product tankers that carry naphtha, gasoline and other refined petroleum products; chemical tankers that carry liquid chemical products; methanol tankers that exclusively carry methanol; and LPG tankers that carry liquefied petroleum gas.
With the world’s largest LNG carrier fleet, MOL safely transports liquefied natural gas (LNG), which is experienc- ing growing global demand. In addition, we are active in offshore businesses, including FPSOs and FSRUs, which are poised for continued growth. MOL has also moved into the renewable energy field by investing in a self-elevating platform vessel operator that installs offshore wind power generation facilities.
MOL transports coal for thermal power generation, mainly on medium- to long-term transport contracts with electric power companies in Japan. Looking ahead, we also plan to engage aggressively in coal transport for emerging coun- tries, where growth is expected. As a division within the Energy Transport Business Unit, the steaming coal carriers division will coordinate with other divisions to meet diversifying customer needs.
MOL is stably expanding transport services to meet the changing needs of automakers as they move production to optimal sites around the world. We operate globally with specialized car carriers that can effectively transport any type of vehicle from passenger cars to construction machinery.
Through a global network of sea routes provided by Ocean Network Express, a company formed by the integration of the containership businesses at three Japanese shipping companies, we transport containers loaded with electric products, automotive parts, clothes, furniture, food products and many other products to deliver them around the world. We are expanding our network with wider port coverage and increased service frequency, not only on our self- operated routes but also in joint operations with partners.
MOL develops the ferry business, which transports both passengers and vehicles (automobiles, trucks, etc.), and the coastal RoRo ships business which specializes in the trans- port of freight vehicles. We are raising our profile as the leader of an eco-friendly modal shift in domestic logistics.
Leveraging the know-how accumulated over more than 130 years in the marine transport business, we are promoting various businesses in related activities including real estate, tugboats, a cruise ship (the NIPPON MARU), and trading.
Year in Review
Profitability improved from the previous fiscal year backed by market conditions moving toward gradual recovery with the support of steady cargo volumes, in addition to the assured effects of the Business Structural Reforms that fundamentally reviewed the business model for small- and medium-sized bulkers as well as reduced the number of Capesize bulkers operated on spot contracts.
The tanker division focused on reducing market exposure, mainly with product tankers, and on soundly executing long-term contracts, centered on VLCCs and methanol tankers, in conjunction with continuing to work to improve operation efficiency and reduce costs. As a result, we recorded a profit for fiscal 2017, despite a year-on-year decrease due to a supply glut of new vessels that made supply outstrip demand.
The LNG carriers/Offshore businesses division continued to secure stable profits from long-term contracts while steadily contributing to earnings through new projects that started operations, though there was a slight decrease in ordinary profit compared to the previous fiscal year accompanying an extraordinary loss resulting from the disposal of vessels owned by an equity-method affiliated company.
Cargo volumes of completed cars to the U.S. and Europe were firm, while imports by emerging countries and resource-producing countries continued to be lackluster as their economies slowed down as a result of falling resource prices and other factors. Against this backdrop, we worked to reduce the fleet size and improve operation efficiency in response to changes in trade patterns. As a result, ordinary profit increased year on year, albeit from a low level.
In addition to increasing liftings by launching ultra-large containerships on Asia-Europe routes, we continued working to reduce costs, such as the cost of repositioning empty containers, by bolstering yield management. As a result, there was a significant reduction in ordinary loss compared to the previous fiscal year in spite of having recorded transitional costs associated with the launch of the integrated company.
A sound business environment continued due to factors including advances in the trend toward a modal shift in transportation—i.e., a switch from long-distance land transport by trucks to ferry transport—and a shortage of truck drivers, but there was a decrease in ordinary profit year on year due to delays in new vessel deliveries and rising bunker fuel prices.
In the cruise ship business, ordinary profit decreased year on year due to the factors including the cancellation of cruises because of typhoons. Ordinary profit in the real estate business increased, underpinned by a robust office leasing market. In other areas, the tugboats, trading and certain other businesses showed a generally firm performance trend. Consequently, the segment’s overall ordinary profit increased year on year.
Business Environment
   Dry Bulker Market (BDI*1)
(Jan 4, 1985=1,000)
2,000 1,500 1,000
500
0 16/4 17/4 18/4
Source: MOL internal calculation based on TDS and others *1 Baltic Dry Index
   Dry Bulk Business
Dry Bulkers (excluding Steaming Coal Carriers)
 [Iron Ore Carrier] Shinzan Maru
    Tankers
  LNG Carriers/ Offshore Businesses
  Steaming Coal Carriers
 [ Tanker] HAKUSAN
  [LNG Carrier] LNG FUKUROKUJU
 [Steaming Coal Carrier] ENERGY PROMETHEUS
    Energy Transport Business
 VLCC*2 Market (AG → Japan) (US$/day)
80,000
60,000 40,000 20,000
0 16/4 17/4 18/4
Source: MOL internal calculation based on Clarkson *2 Very Large Crude Carrier (300,000-DWT class)
       Car Carriers
[Car Carrier] BELUGA ACE
    Containerships
[Containership] ONE COMMITMENT
    Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
[Ferry] SUNFLOWER FURANO
    Product Transport Business
  Containership Market (CCFI*3)
(Jan 1, 1998=1,000)
1,600 1,200 800 400
Europe Trade
U.S. East Coast Trade
U.S. West Coast Trade South America Trade
 0 16/4 17/4
Source: SSE
*3 China Containerized Freight Index
18/4
     Associated Businesses
[Cruise Ship] NIPPON MARU
  36
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 37

 Dry Bulk Business Unit
 Overview of Operations
Dry Bulk Business Unit
Energy Transport Business Unit
Product Transport Business Unit Associated Businesses
     Fiscal 2017 in Review
Also in general bulk carriers, there are growing opportuni- ties to acquire medium- and long-term contracts. For instance, biomass power generation, one method of renew- able energy production, requires a stable supply of wood fuel over the long term, which makes medium- to long-term transport contracts a good fit. We aim to leverage the exper- tise we have gained in Capesize bulkers and wood chip carriers to win contracts in such domains.
In fiscal 2017, the business environment was relatively good
as the dry bulker market changed course to a recovery track
from the record slump in the previous fiscal year. By vessel
type, Capesize bulkers and wood chip carriers, for which the
ratio of medium- and long-term contracts is high, kept con-
tributing to the posting of stable profits. Further, in general
bulk carriers, chiefly small- and medium-sized bulkers for
which the ratio of spot contracts is high, we reinvented via
the Business Structural Reforms and were able to record a
certain level of profit by effectively operating a lean, highly
competitive fleet with outstanding resilience to market fluc-
tuations. Thanks to highly stable profits from medium- and
long-term contracts, along with tailwinds from a recovery in
market conditions, the Dry Bulk Business Unit posted ordinary
profit of ¥15.4 billion. Vessels Supply (Capesize) (Number of vessels)
As a comprehensive Dry Bulk Business Unit providing environmentally conscious, safe and secure “stress-free services” to customers, we will continue to work going for- ward to build a robust brand so that customers are confident and satisfied in choosing MOL for dry bulk.
   Hirofumi Kuwata
Executive Officer Deputy Director General
Toshiaki Tanaka
Managing Executive Officer Director General of Dry Bulk Business Unit
Nobuo Shiotsu
Executive Officer Deputy Director General
is expected to see some short-term fluctuations due to seasonal factors and the international situation, the funda- mentals are on a modest recovery trajectory, as the gap between fleet supply and demand gradually subsides.
100
300 climate on the whole as in fiscal 2017. Although the market 200
15% 10% 5% 0%
2017 –5%
Fiscal 2018 Initiatives
In fiscal 2018, we envision a relatively favorable business
As for Capesize bulkers and wood chip carriers, we will 0 further foster our relationships with customers built on trust
   Portfolio
Highly Specialized
Dry Bulkers
Consolidated Revenues Breakdown (FY2017)
■ Deliveries (left scale) ■ Demolitions (left scale)
○ Net Increase (left scale) ○ YoY Change (right scale) Source: MOL internal calculation based on IHS-Fairplay
over the years through our safe operations, meticulous ser- vice and competitive freight rates, and continue to build up medium- to long-term transport contracts. We also reinforce the MOL brand by proactively addressing environmental regulations, as well as responding to customers’ needs, including their environmental response. To be specific, we are working to offer LNG-fueled vessels with a low environ- mental burden, and scrubbers for removing sulfur with an eye to the new regulations limiting the amount of sulfur in vessel fuel oil from 2020.
–100
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
  ●IronOre&CoalCarrier 54% ● General Bulk Carrier 26% ● Wood Chip Carrier 12% ● Short Sea Ship 8%
 Capesize Bulkers
Wood Chip Carriers
Short Sea Ships
Small- and Medium- Sized Bulkers
 Dry Bulker Fleet Table (Number of vessels)
Vessel type
Standard DWT
At the end of Mar. 2018
At the end of Mar. 2017
Use
Capesize 180,000 88 90
Steel raw materials (iron ore, coking coal)
 Panamax
 80,000
26
24
 Iron ore, coking coal, steaming coal, grains, etc.
 Handymax
55,000
54
57
Steaming coal, grains, salt, cement, steel products, etc.
 Small handy
 33,000
28
31
 Steel products, cement, grains, ores, etc.
 Wood chip 54,000 39 39 Wood chips, soybean carriers meal, etc.
 Short sea ships
12,000
61
55
 Steel products, plants, etc.
Total
296
296
           MOL FOCUS
  Contract with Alufer Mining Limited for Transporting Bauxite by Capesize Bulkers
In December 2017, MOL entered into a five-year contract with Alufer Mining Limited (Alufer), for transporting bauxite by Capesize bulkers.
Although MOL has a long track record of transporting bauxite by small- and medium-sized bulkers, this project transporting bauxite by Capesize bulkers counts as a new expansion of MOL dry bulk business. The transport of mineral resources is expected to grow in West Africa, and we will actively engage in transport in this busi- ness area.
Left: CEO Bernard Pryor of Alufer Mining Limited Right: Director General Toshiaki Tanaka of the Dry Bulk Business Unit
  Less Specialized
  38
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 39
  Stable Profits
Variable Profits

  Product Transport Business Unit Associated Businesses
 Overview of Operations
 Energy Transport Business Unit
     Masato Koike
Managing Executive Officer Deputy Director General (Tankers)
Tsuneo Watanabe
Executive Officer Deputy Director General (Tankers)
Takeshi Hashimoto
Senior Managing Executive Officer Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit
(Management and Offshore Businesses)
Kenta Matsuzaka
Managing Executive Officer Deputy Director General (LNG Carriers)
Hirofumi Kuwata
Executive Officer Deputy Director General (Steaming Coal Carriers)
Tankers
Dry Bulk Business Unit
Fiscal 2018 Initiatives
In fiscal 2018, we expect the tanker market to continue facing adverse conditions due to increased supply and con- tinuing production cuts by OPEC. Meanwhile, demolitions centered on VLCCs are proceeding at a faster pace than the previous year. We expect that this will be positive for a turn- around in market conditions.
In crude oil tankers, we will steadily address replacement demand for the medium- and long-term contracts we have accumulated based on long-term relationships with Japanese and South Korean customers over the years. In addition, we will focus on capturing demand from overseas customers in India and other countries. Notably, India has begun to pur- chase increasingly more crude oil mainly from Central and South America and the Caribbean region, instead of the Middle East. In view of the longer transport distances than before, MOL’s crude oil tanker fleet has a competitive edge in terms of cost effectiveness when we seek new business opportunities in India. At the same time, India’s economic development is also expected to drive growth in demand for LPG. To capture this demand, MOL will proactively undertake sales activities for LPG tankers. As for product tankers, consid- ering its business nature where there are few opportunities to secure medium- and long-term contracts, we will continue working to scale down our fleet in response to the sluggish market conditions. Meanwhile, we will strive to enhance operating efficiency by making use of pool arrangements with other companies to jointly retain a certain size of fleet, as well as maintaining MOL’s presence in the market.
In methanol tankers, new projects that had been temporar- ily suspended are now expected to be restarted as a result of the rise in crude oil prices. We will work to win new contracts in an effort to build up our existing base of highly stable profits.
In chemical tankers, one of our strategic business fields, we are working to develop new routes from the Gulf of Mexico to Europe. As a new initiative, we are also studying an entry into the tank terminal business with an aim to integrate and stream- line the cargo handling process, which is currently undertaken in small lots at several different ports. We also expect to capture
synergies with the tank container business that we entered through a capital alliance in the previous fiscal year.
Demand for energy is projected to continue growing firmly in emerging countries, including India, as discussed earlier. In response, MOL will execute intensive investments in strategic fields, such as methanol tankers and chemical tankers, to steadily accumulate profits. Leveraging the wide range of vessel types in MOL’s tanker division, we will con- duct sales activities with the aim of becoming the chosen partner of our customers under the MOL brand.
Consolidated Revenues Breakdown (FY2017)
Energy Transport Business Unit
  ● Crude Oil Tanker 28% ● Chemical Tanker 42% ● Methanol Tanker 13% ● Product Tanker 13% ● LPG Tanker 4%
 Tanker Fleet Table (Number of vessels)
Vessel type
At the end of Mar. 2018
At the end of Mar. 2017
Vessel type under pool management
(at the end of Mar. 2018)
Crude oil tankers
 39
40
 Chemical tankers*1
61
51
 Methanol tankers
 26
27
  Product tankers*2
39
43
LR1 (70,000 DWT) MR (50,000 DWT)
 LPG tankers
8
8
 VLGC (Very Large Gas Carrier, 80,000 m3)
Total
173
169
*1 Main cargoes: xylene, benzene and vegetable oil, etc.
*2 Main cargoes: gasoline, naphtha, kerosene, jet fuel and gas oil, etc.
  Overall global demand for energy has been growing steadily, while the energy mix has become increasingly diverse in markets ranging from developed nations to emerging countries. Against this backdrop, the MOL Group provides the transport of crude oil and oil products, coal, LNG, ethane, methanol, and LPG.
In addition, the Group has taken its first steps into renewable energy-related business fields such as wind power. Going forward, the entire MOL Group will continue working as one to serve its customers as their best partner in energy transport.
       Portfolio
Fiscal 2017 in Review
In fiscal 2017, as part of our initial plan, we assumed that market conditions would be sluggish due to an increase in supply arising from new vessel deliveries, and the impact of OPEC production cuts. We responded appropriately for each vessel type in accordance with such an assumption. While the spot market for crude oil tankers, product tankers, and LPG tankers deteriorated further than we had anticipated, VLCCs and methanol tankers deployed on medium- and long-term contracts helped us to secure highly stable profits. As for product tankers, of which a substantial portion are deployed on spot contracts, we made steady strides toward scaling down the fleet to minimize the negative impact on business results. Meanwhile, chemical tankers secured solid profits, while we steadily scaled up the fleet, including the addition of new building vessels, in expectation of a large increase in demand based mainly on progress with the construction of new petrochemical plants in the Middle East. As a result of those measures addressing the business situation of each vessel type, the division as a whole managed to post a certain level of profit, although declining substantially from fiscal 2016.
Highly Specialized
MOL FOCUS
  Delivery of the KIRISHIMA, the Cutting-Edge, Eco-Friendly VLCC
In November 2017, MOL launched the newly built VLCC KIRISHIMA, its first newly built vessel in this class in about five years. With the largest capacity of 310,000 DWT, this vessel is a cutting-edge, eco-friendly VLCC offering enhanced energy-efficient performance through the use of modified bow and stern hull forms, electronically controlled main engines, and high-efficiency propellers. It is also equipped with a fuel tank for low-sulfur fuel oil to address stricter sulfur oxide (SOx) emissions regulations. Going forward, MOL plans to successively update its fleet by deploying new VLCCs from 2018 to 2019, with a view to addressing demand for oil transport around the world.
VLCC KIRISHIMA
 LPG Tankers
Chemical Tankers
Methanol Tankers
Product Tankers
Crude Oil Tankers
   Less Specialized
  40
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 41
  Stable Profits
Variable Profits

  Dry Bulk Business Unit
Energy Transport Business Unit
Product Transport Business Unit Associated Businesses
   Overview of Operations
  LNG Carriers/Offshore Businesses
 Fiscal 2017 in Review
In fiscal 2017, the LNG Carriers/Offshore Project division continued to report stable profits as in fiscal 2016. In the past few years, we have seen sluggish energy prices, along with generally stagnant energy cargo movements. However, our LNG carriers are basically operated under long-term con- tracts and generate stable cash flow regardless of market fluctuations. Moreover, we successively secured new LNG transport contracts for various projects during the period from fiscal 2014 to 2016. New LNG carriers for those projects have been launched and are in the phase of contributing to profits. Among those vessels is an ice-breaking LNG carrier ordered in fiscal 2014 for use in the Yamal LNG project in Russia (see the FOCUS section). In offshore businesses simi- larly based on long-term contracts, we enlarged our base of highly stable profits following the delivery of a new FSRU, the first for a non-European shipping company, in addition to the existing FPSO units. Our four FPSO units off the coast of Brazil, along with one FPSO unit off the coast of Ghana are operat- ing steadily. In addition to the new FSRU deployed in a project in Turkey, we also laid the groundwork for future profit growth. In India, we signed an agreement for the long- term operation and maintenance of one FSRU and an agreement for the provision and long-term operation and maintenance of one FSU, both of which are scheduled to start operation in early 2020.
Fiscal 2018 Initiatives
From fiscal 2018, we expect business performance to con- tinue to grow steadily as the long-term contracts signed over the past few years begin contributing to profits in earnest. Looking at the business environment, global demand for LNG as a cleaner source of energy than conventional fossil fuels is expected to increase rapidly for the next 10 years or more. Currently, roughly half of LNG transported by MOL is destined for Japan and the remaining half for overseas. However, demand for LNG is showing tremendous growth primarily in China as well as India and Southeast Asia, and our plan is to seize this opportunity by expanding our business overseas.
LNG is transported at –162oC, and its transportation requires a wide range of advanced technological capabilities from the construction of vessels to cargo handling during navigation. In addition, the ordering and construction of LNG carriers requires considerable financial strength as they cost more than ¥20.0 billion per carrier. In these respects, the LNG transport business has high barriers to entry. There are sev- eral specialized LNG shipping companies in Europe that compete with MOL. However, MOL, as a full-line marine transport company, has a competitive edge over these spe- cialized shipping companies in terms of the size and breadth of its financing capabilities and human resources. To address the growing demand for LNG transportation, we aim to drive further growth by making a Group-wide effort to intensively allocate resources to this business.
Portfolio
The offshore businesses are also difficult to enter given the strong emphasis put on the track record of companies, in addi- tion to requiring advanced expertise and financing capabilities. MOL has secured a competitive edge in this field as it has already entered the FPSO and FSRU sectors. Notably, FSRUs have rapidly penetrated the market, with more than 60% of the countries that have begun importing LNG in the past decade choosing to adopt FSRUs. With continued growth in demand for LNG in South Asia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East and certain other regions, FSRUs offer strong prospects for the future because they can be installed quicker and less expensively than building onshore LNG terminals. We believe that FSRUs will contribute further to MOL’s base of highly stable profits. That said, there is no guarantee that all of the FSRU projects will be implemented effectively with no issues. In response, we will
cautiously execute investments by assessing risks of projects based on the discernment that we have honed to date.
In offshore businesses, MOL embarked upon the self- elevating platform vessel business for the installation of off- shore wind power generation systems in fiscal 2017, as a part of the environment and emission-free businesses. In recent years, offshore wind power generation has been growing primarily in Europe as a source of energy with a low environ- mental impact. More recently, offshore wind power generation systems have also started to be introduced in East Asia. MOL is well positioned to apply the technologies and expertise it has developed to fields such as the installation, operation and maintenance of offshore wind power generation systems, as well as finance leases for those systems. Therefore, we plan to step up MOL’s level of engagement in these fields.
promote the shift to renewable energy, primarily in Europe. However, the supply of renewable energy in Japan is pro- jected to be inadequate over the medium term, and there have been delays in restarting the operation of nuclear power plants. Therefore, we believe that coal-fired power generation will continue to play a significant role in the base power mix. In fiscal 2018 and beyond, we will continue work- ing to maintain and, where possible, expand our share of steaming coal carriers operated under stable transportation contracts. At the same time, demand for steaming coal is likely to grow in emerging countries such as Southeast Asian countries and India, where high-efficiency coal-fired power plants are being introduced. Targeting this demand, the steaming coal carrier division will enhance overseas sales activities in collaboration with the tanker division and the LNG carriers/offshore businesses division as the Energy Trans- port Business Unit, with the aim of winning new contracts.
Highly Specialized
 Offshore Businesses LNG Carriers
 Steaming Coal Carriers
 MOL FOCUS
  Launch of MOL’s Initial Vessel for the World’s
First Ice-Breaking LNG Carrier Project
At the end of March 2018, MOL launched the first of three ice- breaking LNG carriers for use in the Yamal LNG project in Russia. This LNG carrier, which was jointly ordered by MOL and China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited, has the ability to operate in ice- covered waters by breaking up ice up to 2.1 meters thick under its own power. In the summer, the LNG carrier will sail to East Asia from the Yamal LNG base in Russia via the Northern Sea Route. This will shorten transit time to East Asia to only 20 days, compared with 55 days via the conventional route through the Suez Canal. The cre-
ation of this new transport route is expected to enhance transport efficiency and reduce CO2 emissions.
Scan here to see a video
Ice-breaking LNG carrier VLADIMIR RUSANOV
 Less Specialized
  New Projects Starting Operation in FY2018–2020
 LNG Carriers
Osaka Gas
 ex. USA
 To Japan
 1 vessel
JERA
 ex. USA
 To Japan
 2 vessels
Tokyo Gas
ex. USA
To Japan
3 vessels
 Mitsui
 ex. USA
 To Japan
3 vessels
 SINOPEC (China)
 ex. Australia
 To China
1 vessel
 Yamal (Russia)
  ex. Russia
  To China
 3 vessels
      Offshore Businesses
 Petrobras
  Brazil
  FPSO
 1 unit
Swan Energy
 India
 FSRU
 1 vessel
Swan Energy
 India
 FSU
 1 vessel
      LNG: Seaborne Trade (Million tons) 500
400 300 200 100
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018* 2019* 2020* 2021* 2022* 2023* 2024* 2025*
MOL’s steaming coal carriers are contributing to stable profits as most of these vessels are operated under medium- to long-term contracts with customers in Japan. In addition to these profit contributions, the profitability of spot contracts improved in fiscal 2017 owing to a recovery in dry bulker market conditions. As a result, the division achieved a year- on-year increase in profits. The main factors behind the recovery in market conditions were firm cargo volume and progress on the scrapping of aged vessels that could not bear the additional costs of complying with stricter environ- ment regulations, such as the ballast water treatment sys- tems required by international regulations. Another factor was that new shipbuilding orders for coal carriers have been suppressed globally in the prolonged market slump.
Since the adoption of the Paris Agreement on climate change, we have seen progress on efforts to move away from fossil fuels and coal-fired thermal power generation and to
Steaming Coal Carriers
   ■■Middle East ■■Australia
■■Africa ■■South America
Source: MOL internal calculation based on Wood Mackenzie
* Forecast
■■Other A/P ■■North America
 
■■Europe
  42
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 43
  Stable Profits
Variable Profits

   Dry Bulk Business Unit
Associated Businesses
  Overview of Operations
 Product Transport Business Unit
   Michael P.Y. Goh
Executive Officer Deputy Director General (Logistics)
Naotoshi Omoto
Senior Managing Executive Officer Director General of Product Transport Business Unit (Management and Car Carriers)
Atsushi Igaki
Executive Officer
Deputy Director General (Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships)
Akihiko Ono
Senior Managing Executive Officer Deputy Director General (Containerships)
Yutaka Hinooka
Executive Officer Deputy Director General (Terminals & Logistics)
Fiscal 2018 Initiatives
In fiscal 2018, we expect global auto sales to stay strong and auto cargo volumes and trade patterns to be similar to fiscal 2017. On the other hand, there are concerns about a short- age of transporting capacity from fiscal 2018 onward, due to a decline in new vessel deliveries. In response, MOL will not further shrink its fleet for the time being, while we plan to keep actively endeavoring to raise profitability by improving operation efficiency.
In fiscal 2018, we are taking deliveries of the remaining three of four FLEXIE series next-generation car carriers (see the FOCUS section), which should contribute to earnings by carrying vehicles much more efficiently than conventional car carriers. Though for the time being we plan to keep our core fleet size of car carriers unchanged from fiscal 2017 at about 100 vessels, we will also study new LNG-fueled car carriers capable of reducing CO2 emissions looking to the future.
Main Routes
The car carrier division previously operated overseas networks and a portion of business systems jointly with the containership business. However, the division rebuilt a net- work of overseas sales and operating bases to maintain as organizational revision progressed in light of the integration of containership businesses by three Japanese shipping companies. Also, regarding business systems, in summer 2018, we will start operating the new system we have been developing. In addition to enhancing the efficiency of daily operations, we expect the new system to encourage the use of data in making decisions since it will enable easier access of amassed information.
As our initiatives to boost earnings are steadily beginning to produce results, the division will continue to work per- sistently to bolster the business base and grow earnings moving forward.
Car Export from Japan by Destination (Thousand units)
             Car Carriers
Fiscal 2017 in Review
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
■N. America ■Latin America
2012
2013 2014
2015 2016 2017
■Oceania ■Asia
Energy Transport Business Unit
Product Transport Business Unit
    Portfolio
In fiscal 2017, the division faced a tough business environ- ment as in fiscal 2016. Cargo volumes from Japan and other major loading ports in East Asia to North America, Europe, and Oceania were strong, while those to Central and South America and to Southeast Asia recovered somewhat from sluggish levels in fiscal 2016. On the other hand, cargo vol- umes remained lackluster from Asia and the Atlantic Ocean region to oil-producing regions such as the Middle East and Africa. The situation continued where changes in trade pat- terns led to a decline in operation efficiency. Given this busi- ness backdrop, the car carrier division worked to streamline the core fleet, mainly through the retirement of aging vessels, as in fiscal 2016. At the same time, we diligently strove to improve operation efficiency by increasing cargo loading per vessel, and succeeded in raising the overall number of cars transported despite the reduction in the number of vessels in operation.
As a result, our efforts to reduce the fleet size and improve operation efficiency steadily paid off, countering cost increases from a rise in fuel oil prices in the second half of the fiscal year, such that profit levels in fiscal 2017 were higher than in the previous fiscal year, albeit low.
Highly Specialized
■Europe ■Africa
■Middle East
 Car Carriers
MOL FOCUS
  Delivery of BELUGA ACE, First Next-Generation FLEXIE Series Car Carrier
The BELUGA ACE delivered in March 2018 is more advanced than conventional car carriers with six rather than two liftable decks allowing for height adjustment, enabling effective transport of a wide array of vehicles, including large-sized construction equip- ment. As such, it is expected to contribute to enhancing earnings capacity. In addition, the BELUGA ACE uses a rounded bow shape developed in collaboration with Akishima Laboratories (Mitsui Zosen) Inc. and the MOL Group. This reduces wind resistance and
is expected to lower CO2 emissions by about 2% compared with conventional car carriers.
Scan here for a video introduction to the FLEXIE Series
Next-gen car carrier BELUGA ACE
 Less Specialized
  44
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 45
  Stable Profits
Variable Profits

   Dry Bulk Business Unit
Associated Businesses
  Overview of Operations
  Portfolio
Fiscal 2017 was also highly significant for MOL because operations at the integrated containership business com- pany formed by Japan’s three major shipping companies were scheduled to begin in fiscal 2018. It was no easy feat to maintain the same level of service quality in MOL’s own containership business amid personnel constraints, while advancing preparations for integrating the containership business into ONE. Every staff member rose to the occasion with a high level of motivation and selflessly fulfilled their respective roles. As a result, we successfully completed both of those priorities.
Fiscal 2018 Initiatives
ONE commenced services on April 1, 2018 as planned. In conjunction with the integration, certain tasks related to business withdrawal will remain at MOL. We expect to com- plete almost all of those tasks within fiscal 2018. MOL is a shareholder in ONE with an equity interest of 31%. As such, MOL will assist management by sending directors to sit on the ONE board. At the same time, a large number of manag- ers and staff members from MOL will work together with their new colleagues at ONE. They will strive to evolve the meticulous services that have earned a strong reputation from customers and improve revenues and earnings by capturing integration synergies. In addition to the personnel contribution, MOL has contributed significant assets to ONE
Plan to Improve Profitability in MOL’s Containership Business
for use as business resources by chartering out vessels, con- tainers, and other operating assets to the company. The containership services that MOL has continuously provided over many years will be reinvented as the ONE brand. How- ever, there has been no change in the importance of the
Terminals & Logistics
Fiscal 2017 in Review
In fiscal 2017, the Terminals and Logistics business secured firm profits in sequence from fiscal 2016. In the overseas terminals business, automated container terminal operations fared well both at Los Angeles and Rotterdam. At TraPac terminal in Los Angeles, we achieved cost reductions by enhancing operational efficiency along with the completion of work pertaining to automation and an on-dock rail directly connecting to the inland railway network. At our terminal in Rotterdam, one of the most advanced terminals in the world, capacity utilization was higher than in fiscal 2016 and main- tained stable operations throughout the year.
In the logistics business, we are also making steady prog- ress. We continued on a course of expanding the regional logistics field through M&A and so forth, concluding a capital and business tie-up with Nippon Concept Corporation (see the FOCUS section) following our investment in a major logistics company in Malaysia in fiscal 2016.
containership business within MOL’s business portfolio. We are confident that ONE, having the competitiveness to pre- vail in the containership industry, will achieve steady growth in the years to come.
Fiscal 2018 Initiatives
As the overseas terminals business is scheduled to be trans- ferred to Ocean Network Express (ONE), a new liner company jointly formed by three major Japanese carriers, we will seek a new growth strategy focusing on the logistics business going forward.
In fiscal 2018, MOL will strengthen ties between the core companies of its NVOCC* business, MOL Logistics (Japan) Co., Ltd. (MLG) and MOL Consolidation Service Ltd. (MCS) in Hong Kong. We will integrate both companies’ NVOCC businesses under a new company to be established in Hong Kong, and develop the business under the unified brand “MOL World- wide Logistics.”
At the new company, we look to reduce purchasing costs by leveraging economies of scale in negotiating ocean freight rates with shipping companies. At the same time, we will consolidate marketing and other functions and aim to generate synergies capitalizing on the customer bases of MCS, which has strong support from customers engaging in trade between Asia and the United States, and MLG, which has a robust Japanese customer base. As MOL’s containership business has been spun-off, we plan to expand the NVOCC business further and make it an earnings pillar, also as a means of maintaining MOL’s brand power, sales networks, and relationships with customers forged over many years.
* NVOCC (Non-Vessel Operating Common Carrier)
Consolidated Revenues Breakdown (FY2017)
Highly Specialized
   Terminals & Logistics
 Containerships
 Less Specialized
Fiscal 2017 in Review
The containership business continued to post a loss in fiscal 2017. However, the result improved significantly compared to fiscal 2016, when the business environment came under pressure as freight rates sank to a historical low. In fiscal 2017, the Asia-Europe route and Asia-North America route both saw firm cargo movements. In this environment, MOL enhanced its cost competitiveness by launching six new ultra-large containerships. In parallel, we solidly captured surging demand for containership services and steadily accumulated revenues. Moreover, results were achieved through continuing measures to reduce various costs, such as enhancement of yield management to reduce the cost of returning empty containers. In the second half of the year, the supply of new containerships into the market negatively affected the supply and demand situation. Nonetheless, MOL’s initiatives to improve revenues and earnings proved effective. In fiscal 2017, even though one-time costs were recorded due to the establishment of Ocean Network Express (ONE), an integrated containership business com- pany, we still managed to drastically reduce losses in the containership business from the previous fiscal year.
   (¥ billions)
30 20 10
0 –10
–20
Results ■ONE ■MOL  Ordinary profit (loss)
=
Ordinary profit (loss)
 Total ¥–10.6 billion
Total ¥0.5 billion
FY2018
Transitional costs
FY2017
Forecasts
FY2019 FY2020
Plan Plan
(April 27, 2018)
ONE: MOL’s ONE-related equity in earnings of affiliates (31% of ONE’s net profit and loss)
 MOL’s containership business ordinary profit (loss)
  MOL: Ordinary profit excluding the above equity in earnings of affiliates (including terminal & logistics businesses, etc.)
   MOL FOCUS
  Embarking on the Tank Container Business via Capital and Business Alliance with Nippon
Concept Corporation
In February 2018, MOL entered into a capital and business alliance agreement with Nippon Concept Corporation, an international logistics company specializing in the transportation of various gases and chemicals using tank containers. Developing a comprehensive two-way strategic partnership will provide us with opportunities to expand business in the highly specialized domain of transporting liquid chemical products where there is potential for generating stable profits. In addition, we aim to cultivate new customer needs through synergies with the chemical tanker business, a field where we are strategically allocating resources.
Photo: Nippon Concept Corporation
     46
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 47
● North America Trade 43% ● Europe Trade 31% ● North-South Trade 10% ● Intra-Asia Trade 16%
Containerships
Energy Transport Business Unit
Product Transport Business Unit
       Stable Profits
Variable Profits

  Overview of Operations
Dry Bulk Business Unit
   Portfolio
producing strong results. In cargo transportation services, there remains a strong modal shift from long-distance trans- port by trucks to ocean transport by ferries driven by the need to reduce environmental impact and a shortage of truck drivers. As a result, cargo volume continued to trend at high levels as in the previous fiscal year. In fiscal 2017, we took delivery of two new ferries and launched them on the Hokkaido route. However, the new SUNFLOWER SAPPORO, one of the two new ferries, suffered engine trouble and operations had to be suspended for about four months. In addition, persistently high bunker fuel prices weighed heavily on performance. As a result, although the division firmly secured profits, the level of profit decreased year on year in fiscal 2017.
Fiscal 2018 Initiatives
In fiscal 2018, demand for passenger and cargo transporta- tion is projected to remain firm. Following on from the launch of new ferries on the Hokkaido route in fiscal 2017, we will launch two new ferries on the Kyushu route to increase the truck-carrying capacity of our ferries. In doing so, we aim to fulfill increased demand resulting from the modal shift. In passenger transportation services, ferry occupancy rates usually decline in certain seasons, compared with the peak seasons when the ferries operate at mostly full occupancy. Conversely, this means that the ferry business has more potential for growth. To realize this potential and increase
Scan here for the introductory website for “casual cruises”
demand, we have added a variety of innovative upgrades to our new ferries so that passengers can fully enjoy our “casual cruise” experience (see the FOCUS section). In terms of ser- vices, we plan to enhance marketing by utilizing our data- base of ferry passengers. We will strive to capture demand from inbound tourists, as well as seniors centered on baby boomers and female customers as we conduct proactive marketing activities. In doing so, we aim to stimulate unmet demand for passenger transportation services.
Previously, the Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships business was managed by each of the MOL Group ferry companies with a strong focus on their respective regions. Going forward, we
will foster closer collaboration within the MOL Group by, for example, sharing best practices across Group companies, as we work to enhance the quality of the entire business. The division is responsible for passenger and cargo transporta- tion services between major urban areas and Hokkaido and Kyushu. As such, the division’s businesses have been playing an increasingly pivotal role in the development of regional economies year by year. We will continue working as a group to strengthen transportation capabilities and enhance trans- portation quality, as we seek to contribute even further to the economic vitality of Hokkaido and Kyushu as well as the surrounding regions.
Fiscal 2018 Initiatives
In fiscal 2018, we expect to continue managing each busi- ness steadily, with results forecast to be mostly unchanged from the previous fiscal year. In April 2018, Daibiru formu- lated its new medium-term management plan, “Design 100 Project Phase-II.”Under this plan, Daibiru expects to achieve steady growth by investing in prime urban assets and enhancing the competitiveness of existing buildings by investing in renovations, and continuously pushing ahead with overseas businesses in markets such as Vietnam. In the cruise ship business, we will strive to attract more guests and improve profitability by further evolving the high-class ser- vices that have proven popular on the NIPPON MARU. In the tugboat and trading businesses, we will continue working to enter fields peripheral to offshore businesses and new fields where we can leverage MOL’s expertise, such as specialty tugboats that assist in installing wind power generation facilities and after-installation maintenance operations. Moreover, the division will act as an engine to develop the environment and emission-free businesses that MOL will strengthen going forward into one of its future core busi- nesses by leveraging and refining the MOL Group’s manage- ment resources.
Corner Stone Building (Vietnam)
Highly Specialized
 Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
   Associated Businesses
 Less Specialized
Portfolio
Fiscal 2017 in Review
In fiscal 2017, passenger transportation and cargo transpor- tation services both remained strong, as in fiscal 2016. In passenger transportation services, an increase in repeat customers pushed up the overall number of passengers. We made steadfast efforts to increase our visibility in the market, including the acquisition of the naming rights for a terminal at Osaka Nanko Port and naming the terminal Sunflower Terminal (Osaka), in addition to selling the concept of “casual cruises” that allow people to enjoy a laid-back getaway in the form of a sea voyage. We believe that these efforts are
Highly Specialized
 Trading
Tugboats
Daibiru Corporation
Less Specialized
MOL FOCUS
  Launch of the New SUNFLOWER SATSUMA
In May 2018, the new ferry SUNFLOWER SATSUMA was launched on the Osaka-South Kyushu route. The new SUNFLOWER KIRISHIMA is planned for launch in September. We seek to make ferries more than just a mode of trans- portation by providing passengers with a “sea voyage” experience. To do so, we have upgraded and expanded the facilities onboard the ferries to allow passengers to fully enjoy a getaway far removed from their daily routines. We have sharply increased the number of private cabins with showers,
vanity spaces and toilets. We have also installed a large and open
entrance lobby featuring a three-floor atrium, along with a spacious
restaurant and scenic public baths, as
well as suite rooms. Through the launch
of these ferries, we seek to provide
“casual cruises” that offer the excitement
and anticipation of a first-time experi-
ence to customers spanning a broad
range of age groups.
  Entrance lobby
Launch of the new SUNFLOWER SATSUMA
Fiscal 2017 in Review
This segment comprises MOL’s real estate, cruise ship, tug- boat, trading and other businesses. In the office leasing business, vacancy rates remained low in the Tokyo and Osaka areas and rent levels gradually increased. Under these conditions, Daibiru Corporation, the core company of this business, posted a year-on-year increase in profits, achieving high occupancy as a result of efforts to provide tenant ser- vices, including promoting initiatives to enhance the quality of building management. Meanwhile, in the cruise ship business, profits decreased year on year, mainly due to the impact of the cancellation of cruises because of typhoons and the rise in bunker fuel prices. In the tugboat business, we have taken steps to lay the groundwork for the future, including our decision to build an LNG-fueled tugboat that we plan to launch in Osaka Bay in April 2019. The trading and other businesses also delivered solid results as a whole. Overall, the associated businesses recorded an increase in profits year on year.
  48
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 49
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
Energy Transport Business Unit
Product Transport Business Unit
Associated Businesses
        Stable Profits
Variable Profits
Stable Profits
Variable Profits

Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
 MOL ADVANCE
 GEAR UP! MOL
RISE 2013
  STEER FOR 2020 ROLLING PLAN
              For the year:
Shipping and other revenues
Shipping and other expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit (loss)
Ordinary profit (loss)
Income (loss) before income taxes and minority interests
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent Free cash flow [(a) + (b)]
Cash flows from operating activities (a) Cash flows from investing activities (b) Depreciation and amortization
At year-end:
Total assets
Net vessels, property and equipment Interest-bearing debt
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Amounts per share of common stock:*1
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent (Yen) Net assets (Yen)
Cash dividends applicable to the year (Yen)
Management indicators:
Gearing ratio (Times)
Net gearing ratio (Times) Equity ratio (%)
ROA (%)*2
ROE (%)
Dividend payout ratio (%)
CO2 emissions of MOL fleet (Thousand tons)
Number of MOL Group employees (the parent company and consolidated subsidiaries)
12,722 (40,055)
95,366 58,277 46,970
2014/3
¥1,729,452 1,587,902 100,458 41,092 54,985
71,710
57,393 (25,615) 94,255
(119,870) 83,983
2,364,695 1,379,244 1,094,081
783,549 679,160
¥ 479.90 5,679.00 50
1.61 1.35 28.7
2.4
9.5 ——10.4
2015/3
¥1,817,069 1,683,795 116,024 17,249 51,330
58,332
42,356 (66,656) 92,494
2016/3 2017/3
¥1,712,222 ¥1,504,373 1,594,568 1,388,264 115,330 113,551 2,323 2,558 36,267 25,426
(154,385) 23,303 (170,447) 5,257
182,508 (56,318)
2008/3
¥1,945,696 1,544,109 110,302 291,284 302,219
318,202 190,321 23,291 283,359
(260,068) 74,480
1,900,551 1,047,824 601,174 751,652 679,315
¥1,591.40 5,677.39 310
0.88 0.79 35.7 17.1 30.9 19.5
20,065 9,626
2009/3
¥1,865,802 1,564,485 104,104 197,211 204,510
197,732 126,987
(71,038)
118,984 93,428 181,755
Millions of yen
2018/3
¥1,652,393 1,513,736 115,972 22,684 31,473
(28,709) (47,380) (2,471)
98,380 (100,851)
86,629
2,225,636 1,290,929 1,118,089
628,044 511,242
¥ (396.16) 4,274.81 20
2.19 1.82 23.0
1.4 (8.7) —
17,774 10,828
2010/3
¥1,347,964 1,228,478 98,546 20,939 24,234
27,776
(133,483) 88,366
1,861,312 1,209,175 775,114 735,702 659,508
¥ 106.30 5,517.01 30
1.18 1.05 35.4
1.3
2.0 28.2
18,684 9,707
2011/3
¥1,543,660 1,328,959 91,300 123,400 121,621
(134,785) 77,445
1,868,740 1,257,823 724,259 740,247 660,795
¥ 487.50 5,528.30 100
1.10 1.00 35.4
6.5
8.8 20.5
20,053 9,438
2012/3
¥1,435,220 1,368,794 90,885
(24,459) (24,320)
(33,516)
(26,009) (129,298)
5,014 (134,312)
85,624
1,946,161 1,293,802 869,619 717,909 637,422
¥ (217.60) 5,332.70 50
1.36 1.23 32.8
19,435 19,053 18,860 9,431 9,465 10,289
2013/3
¥1,509,194 1,432,014 92,946
(15,766) (28,568)
(137,938) (178,846) (25,285)
78,955 (104,240)
94,685
2,164,611 1,303,967 1,046,865
619,492 535,422
¥(1,495.70) 4,477.60 0
1.96 1.58 24.7
              (190,022) 78,155
1,807,079 1,106,746 702,617 695,021 623,715
¥1,061.30 5,212.26 310
1.13 0.99 34.5 11.0 19.5 29.2
20,374 10,012
209,189 17,623 (159,150) (26,681) (73,941)
                                 (1.3) (4.0)
(1.4) (30.5)
87,803
2,624,049 1,498,028 1,183,401
892,435 782,556
¥ 354.20 6,542.60 70
1.51 1.35 29.8
2.1
5.8 19.8
18,803 10,508
92,771 87,190
2,219,587 2,217,528 1,376,431 1,323,665 1,044,980 1,122,400
646,924 683,621 540,951 571,983
¥(1,425.00) ¥ 43.95 4,522.80 4,782.25 50 20
1.93 1.96 1.64 1.64 24.4 25.8
1.5 1.1 (25.8) 0.9 — 45.5
18,676 18,204 10,500 10,794
            * Rounded down to the nearest ¥1 million
*1 The Company consolidated every 10 shares into 1 share effective October 1, 2017. Accordingly, figures have been calculated as if the consolidation of shares had been conducted at the
beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008.
*2 Ordinary profit (loss) / Average total assets at the beginning and the end of the fiscal year
  50
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 51

Key Indicators
      Shipping and Other Revenues/ Total Assets / Net Assets Ordinary Profit (Loss)
¥2,225.6 billion
¥628.0 billion
1,000 800 600 400 200
13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 0
Ordinary Profit (Loss) by Segment
FY2017
Dry Bulk Business
Energy Transport Business
Pro1d6u0ct Transport Business Associated Businesses/
Others/Adjustments
120
(¥ billions)
80 40 0
Interest-Bearing Debt / Net Interest- Bearing Debt / Shareholders’ Equity
Gearing Ratio / Net Gearing Ratio / Equity Ratio
FY2017
Gearing Ratio 2.19 Net Gearing Ratio 1.82 Equity Ratio 23.0%
Credit Ratings (As of June 2018)
JCR
R&I
Moody’s
JCR
R&I Moody’s
Rating
    FY2017 FY2017
¥15.4 billion
FY2017
Interest-Bearing Debt
Net Interest-Bearing Debt*
Shareholders’ Equity**
(¥ billions)
1,200 1,000 800 600 400 200
¥1,118.0 billion
¥928.4 billion
¥511.2 billion
Shipping and Other Revenues ¥1,652.3 billion Total Assets Ordinary Profit (Loss) ¥31.4 billion Net Assets
¥13.6 billion
Activities
¥(6.3) billion
¥8.7 billion
Type of rating
Short-term debt rating (CP)
Long-term senior debt (issuer) rating
     (¥ billions) (¥ billions)
2,000 200 3,000 1,500 150 2,400 1,000 100 1,800
500 50 1,200 00 600
(%)
50 40 30 20 10
  Issuer rating
J–1
 A–
 Long-term debt rating
A–
                           −50 0
–40 13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3
■ Dry Bulk Business
■ Energy Transport Business
■ Product Transport Business
■ Associated Businesses/Others/Adjustments
■ Bulkships
■ Containerships
■ Other segments, etc.
From fiscal 2017, we have changed our disclosure segments. In the Energy Transport Business, ordinary profit decreased year on year due to worsening profitability in the tanker division. However, ordinary profit in the Dry Bulk Business increased slightly due to improving market conditions. In the Product Transport Business, the ordinary loss was reduced sharply owing to the positive effects of deploying ultra-large containerships and other factors. Overall, ordinary profit increased year on year.
ROA (based on Ordinary Profit)/ROE
FY2017
ROA 1.4 % ROE (8.7)%
0 13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3
** “Shareholders’ equity” in this section comprises the total of owners’ equity and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
Interest-bearing debt decreased ¥4.3 billion to ¥1,118.0 billion due to the redemption of bonds, despite an increase in short-term bank loans. Shareholders’ equity decreased ¥60.7 billion to ¥511.2 billion due to a decline in retained earnings reflecting the recording of an extraordinary loss.
2.50 2.00 1.50 1.00 0.50
0 13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3
Gearing ratio (left scale)  Net gearing ratio (left scale) Equity ratio (right scale)
0
A–
BBB
Ba1
13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3
■ Shipping and other revenues (left scale) ■ Ordinary profit (loss) (right scale)
Ordinary profit increased ¥6.0 billion, due to a
drastic decrease in losses in the containership
business, despite headwinds such as a deterioration increases in vessels and investment securities. Net in the tanker market and a rise in bunker prices. assets decreased ¥55.5 billion, primarily due to a
■ Net interest-bearing debt * Interest-bearing debt – cash & cash equivalents
■ Total assets (left scale) ■ Net assets (right scale)
■ Interest-bearing debt ■ Shareholders’ equity


Total assets as of March 31, 2018 were mostly unchanged from a year earlier, despite slight
The gearing ratio worsened 23 points and the equity ratio decreased 2.8 points, reflecting the ¥4.3 billion decrease in interest-bearing debt, the ¥8.1 billion increase in total assets, and the ¥60.7 billion decrease in shareholders’ equity.
Fleet Size (All Types of Vessels)*
MOL has maintained its current ratings, reflecting steady, albeit gradual, improvement in the overall marine transport market and in MOL’s business performance. Going forward, MOL will continue working to bolster its profitability and improve its financial standing, in an effort to enhance its ratings.
decline in retained earnings.
     Net Income (Loss)* per Share/Cash Dividends Cash Flows Applicable to the Year/Dividend Payout Ratio
Capital Expenditure
FY2017
Capital Expenditure
(¥ billions)
200 150 100
50 0
FY2017 FY2017
¥105.6 billion
FY2017
Number of Vessels
Deadweight
(Vessels)
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
Net Income (Loss)* per Share ¥(396.16) Cash Flows from Operating Activities
¥98.3 billion
¥(100.8) billion
857 vessels
62,676 thousand tons
(Thousand tons)
100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 0
Cash Dividends Applicable to the Year ¥20.00 Cash Flows from Investing
Dividend Payout Ratio —%
(Yen) (%) (¥ billions)
500 50 250 200
                 00 –500
–1,000
–1,500
150 100 50 0 –50 –100 –150 –200
(%)
20 10 0 –10 –20 –30 –40
ROA  ROE
          13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 –250
13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3
13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3
13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3
■ Net income (loss)* per share (left scale) ■ Cash flows from operating activities ■ Cash dividends applicable to the year (left scale) ■ Cash flows from investing activities  Dividend payout ratio (right scale)  Free cash flow
MOL posted a net loss* after a year-on-year deterioration of Free cash flow was slightly negative as a result of ¥52.6 billion from the previous fiscal year, reflecting the an increase of ¥26.9 billion in net cash used in recording of an extraordinary loss of ¥73.4 billion in investing activities, despite an increase of ¥80.7 connection with the integration of the containership billion in net cash provided by operating activities. businesses. MOL paid an interim dividend of ¥1 per share
(before the consolidation of shares) and a year-end dividend of ¥10 per share (after the consolidation of shares).
* Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
ROA improved year on year, as ordinary profit increased while total assets remained largely unchanged from the previous fiscal year-end. ROE decreased sharply due to the net loss* reflecting the recording of an extraordinary loss in connection with the integration of the containership businesses.
* Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Capital expenditure represented here is the net amount calculated by deducting proceeds from the sale of vessels when delivered from “Tangible/ intangible fixed assets increased” contained in the annual securities report.
■ Number of vessels (left scale) ■ Deadweight (right scale)
As a result of implementation of the Business Structural Reforms in fiscal 2015, the fleet size was scaled down, mainly of small- and medium- sized bulkers.
* Including spot-chartered ships and those owned by joint ventures
Note:
The Company consolidated its common shares on the basis of one (1) unit for every ten (10) shares effective October 1, 2017. Accordingly, each figure was calculated as if the consolidation of shares had been conducted at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013.
  52
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 53
Short-term debt rating (CP)
Long-term debt rating
BBB
a–2
  Corporate family rating
BBB
Ba1
       
Message from the CFO
 Roadmap to Improving Profit (Ordinary Profit)
Highly Stable Profits + Other Variable Profits (Losses) = Ordinary Profit Highly stable profits: Dry bulkers/Tankers (medium- to long-term contracts), LNG carriers/Offshore businesses, and Associated businesses
Other variable profits (losses): Dry bulkers/Tankers (spot operations), Car carriers, Containerships, Terminals & Logistics, and Ferries/Coastal RoRo ships
 (¥ billion)
100.0
80.0
60.0
40.0
20.0
0
–20.0
–40.0
Projected medium-term levels ¥80.0–100.0 billion
1.
 Improving other variable profits (losses)
Improve/restore profitability in the containership business
  ¥31.4 billion
55.0
¥40.0 billion
56.0
63.0
FY2019
63.0
FY2020
           3.
 Improving other variable profits
Expand and enhance businesses in which MOL has competitive advantages (chemical tankers, ferries, etc.)
 Takashi Maruyama
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Plan
Plan
Transitional costs related to containership business integration
FY2017 FY2018
2.
Accumulating highly stable profits
Start operations of existing projects (LNG carriers/Offshore businesses)/Acquire new mid- and long-term contracts (Dry bulkers, Tankers, Offshore businesses)
In the medium term
 Improving other variable profits
Expect recovery of dry bulker and tanker markets to some extent
Results Forecasts
■Highly stable profits (existing) ■Highly stable profits (contract renewal)  ■Other variable profits (losses) 
  Ordinary profit (total)  (as of April 27, 2018)
 Review of Fiscal 2017 and Recording of Loss Related to Business Restructuring
In fiscal 2017, MOL achieved consolidated ordinary profit of ¥31.4 billion, up ¥6.0 billion year on year and ¥6.4 billion higher than the initial forecast. The increase reflects steady recording of highly stable profits from mid- and long-term contracts, in addition to which, expenses associated with the establishment of the integrated containership business venture were lower than expected, and the dry bulker market performed stronger than we had anticipated. On the other hand, as we recorded an extraordinary loss (loss related to business restructuring) of ¥73.4 billion associated with the integration of the containership business, we recorded a loss attributable to owners of parent of ¥47.3 billion.
Over 80% of the loss related to business restructuring was incurred by chartering out containerships to the integrated containership business venture Ocean Network Express (ONE), which started service in April 2018. Specifically, we recorded provisions in a lump sum for the losses reasonably expected in the future from the negative difference between charter rates to be paid by the Company for vessels procured in the past (which under current market conditions unfortu- nately means a comparatively high level) and the charter-out rates to be received from ONE reflecting prevailing market conditions. After several discussions with our independent auditor, the management decided to purge the negative
legacy of the containership business, seizing this timing when the integrated venture started its operations. At the same time, the course toward improved business perfor- mance from fiscal 2018 onwards is now much clearer, and we have therefore paid a year-end dividend of ¥10 per share as originally intended.
Roadmap to Improved Business Performance
By recording the extraordinary loss, we have finally resolved the structural issues in the dry bulker and containership businesses, two major segments that had caused the Com- pany’s performance to worsen significantly since fiscal 2012, and we believe this has increased the certainty of improved profitability going forward. Namely, in dry bulkers, we com- pleted our business model transformation by means of Busi- ness Structural Reforms executed in fiscal 2015, and the business has been reinvented with a structure that can stably deliver profits without being too heavily influenced by market fluctuations. In the containership business, we purged unrealized losses and adopted a structure that directly incorporates the profits ONE is expected to produce going forward through integration synergies.
In addition, the initiative is also expected to greatly improve “other variable profits (losses),” which had been a hindrance to earnings in the recent years, by expanding and strengthening the strategic priority business fields, such as
chemical tanker and ferry business where MOL has its com- petitive edge. Furthermore, in fiscal 2019, we will fully deploy LNG vessels and offshore units under long-term charter contracts that have been acquired over the past few years. The start of operations for these vessels and units had been delayed a little from the original schedule, but now their expected contribution to profits is another reason to feel confident of improved business performance from fiscal 2018 onwards.
Financial Foundation and Cash Flows
Although the roadmap to improved business performance is clearer going forward, as mentioned above, in fiscal 2017, the Company ultimately recorded a loss, causing the equity ratio to worsen to 23% and the gearing ratio to 2.19 times at the fiscal year-end.
However, with the improvement in “other variable profits
(losses),” ordinary profit of ¥80–100 billion and ROE of 8–12%
Medium-Term Profit Levels and Key Financial Indicators
 Projected medium-term levels
Ordinary profit ROE Gearing ratio
Gearing Ratio* / Equity Ratio 2.50
¥80.0–100.0 billion 8–12%
2.0 or less
2.15
24%
FY2018
(Forecast)
(%)
40
30
20
 envisaged for the medium term seem well within reach. If 26%
these are achieved, then the accumulation of profits will restore shareholders’ equity in due course. With regard to the gearing ratio, a rapid improvement seems likely to take time, with forecasts for negative free cash flow in fiscal 2018 also due mainly to the cost of withdrawal from MOL’s own con- tainership services. However, we will strive for improvement by continuing to pursue a business model of controlling
1.50
1.00 FY2016
(Result)
2.00
1.96
2.19
23%
FY2017
(Result)
 Gearing ratio (left scale) Equity ratio (right scale) * Interest-bearing debt / Shareholders’ equity
  54
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018
55

 CFO Message
cash outflows, for example by utilizing charter-in and second-hand vessels, in addition to selling off assets, includ- ing cross-shareholdings.
We initially projected free cash flow as significantly nega- tive for fiscal 2017. However, strict selection of investments and proceeds from sales of overseas real estate could mini- mize the negative amount almost to zero.
Over the three years starting from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2020, we are expecting cash flows from investing activities totaling net outflow of ¥350 billion (excluding investments in ONE). We plan to capture new contracts in the offshore businesses and LNG carriers stipulated for strategic resource allocation under the management plan, scale up the fleet of chemical tankers and methanol tankers and concentrate investments on such areas as M&A in the logistics business. In particular, we plan to strengthen investment in the offshore businesses, which we expect to differentiate us from other shipping companies and to provide a higher return, for example as the first Asian shipping company to own and operate Floating Storage and Regasification Units (FSRUs).
Although we are still in adverse conditions, to this end, we will invest in rigorously selected projects whose future cash flow creation is assured, and we aim for positive free cash flow from fiscal 2019 onwards from improved operating cash flows.
Fund Procurement
We don’t anticipate any issues with borrowings from financial institutions. We have established good relationships with financial institutions and our investments over the next three years will be mainly in projects where we invest in accumula- tion of highly stable profits through mid- to long-term contracts with customers who have excellent credit ratings. Moreover, we plan to invest in responding to environmental regulations and in the environment and emission-free busi- nesses, which are expected to become a core business in the future. For this, we have the promising option of procuring funds through Green Bonds, which are intended for funding such investments.
Status of Credit Ratings
The Company has maintained a rating of “Stable” from Japanese ratings agencies, with downward pressure relaxing temporarily. The posting of a loss related to business restruc- turing for fiscal 2017 has also been understood by the agencies. We will continue as before to carefully explain to ratings agencies about the Company’s path to recovering its business performance. At the same time, we will also strive to increase our rating by improving our profitability.
 FY2018–2020 Investment Cash Flows Forecast (Three-Year Total)
Excluding invest in the containership joint venture
 Fiscal 2017
733億円 ¥73.3 billion
● LNG Carriers
● Offshore Businesses
● Chemical/Methanol Tankers
● Ferries/Associated Businesses/
Terminals/Logistics
● Environment/IT/Others
Total
12% ● LNG Carriers 27% 21% ● Offshore Businesses 29% 30% ● Chemical/Methanol Tankers 9%
● Ferries/Associated Businesses/
26% Terminals/Logistics 11%
Management Foundation
58 Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers
60 Dialogue between Outside Officers 62 Corporate Governance
66 Safe Operation
69 Risk Management
71 Environment
73 Corporate Social Responsibility
  Environment/IT/Others includes Other Vessels only in fiscal 2017
Thr3eヵe-年Year 約3,500億円
¥350.0 billion
11% ● Other Vessels
● Environment/IT 12%
12%
  56
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 57

Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members
and Executive Officers (At the end of June 2018)
  Board of Directors
Koichi Muto
Representative Director
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Takashi Nakashima Born 1959 Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Apr. 1982 Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
Jun. 2009 General Manager of Research Office Jun. 2011 General Manager of General Affairs
Division
Jun. 2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (current)
Independent Officers
Hiroyuki Itami
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Jun. 2011 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (current)
Sept. 2017 President, International University of Japan (current)
Masato Koike
Managing Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: Tanker Division (A), Tanker Division (B), Tanker Safety Management Division, Secondarily Responsible for Bunker Business Division)
Masanori Kobayashi
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Safety Operations Headquarters, Responsible for: Dry Bulk Carrier Supervising Division, Tanker Safety Management Division, LNG Safety Management Division, Secondarily Responsible for: Marine Safety Division, Smart Shipping Division)
Yutaka Hinooka
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Port Projects & Logistics Business Division)
Kayo Ichikawa
Executive Officer
(Chief Communication Officer, Responsible for: Work Efficiency Improvement, Diversity Promotion, Corporate Communication Division, Secondarily Responsible for: Corporate Planning Division, Human Resources Division)
Toshinobu Shinoda
Executive Officer
(General Manager of Corporate Planning Division)
Hirofumi Kuwata
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Dry Bulk Business Unit, Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Steaming Coal Carrier Division, Secondarily Responsible for Dry Bulk Carrier Division (B))
Kenji Jitsu Born 1960 Audit & Supervisory Board Member
      Born 1953
Born 1956
Born 1959
Junichiro Ikeda
Representative Director
Shizuo Takahashi
Representative Director
Apr. 1984 Jun. 2009
Jun. 2013
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2017
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
General Manager of CSR and Environment Office, Corporate Planning Division
General Manager of Investor Relations Office
General Manager of Accounting Division Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (current)
    Apr. 1976 Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
Jun. 2002 General Manager of Bulk Carrier Division
Jan. 2003 General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
Jun. 2004 Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Jun. 2006 Managing Executive Officer
Jun. 2007 Director, Managing Executive Officer
Jun. 2008 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Jun. 2010 Representative Director, President Executive Officer
Jun. 2015 Representative Director, Chairman, Executive Officer (current)
Apr. 1979 Jun. 2004 Jun. 2007 Jun. 2008 Jun. 2010 Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
General Manager of Human Resources Division General Manager of Liner Division
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer Representative Director, President,
Chief Executive Officer (current)
Apr. 1981 Jun. 2006 Jun. 2008 Jun. 2010 Jun. 2011 Jun. 2014 Jun. 2015 Apr. 2018
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, Executive Vice President,
Executive Officer (current)
Hideki Yamashita
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  Apr. 1982 Apr. 1985
Mar. 1993 Mar. 2012
Jun. 2014
Attorney-at-Law (current)
Established YAMASHITA & TOYAMA LAW AND PATENT OFFICE
Patent Attorney (current)
Outside Corporate Auditor of I-Cell Networks Corp. (current)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (current)
    Takeshi Hashimoto
Director
Born 1957
Akihiko Ono
Director
Born 1959
Takashi Maruyama
Director
Born 1959
Executive Officers
Koichi Muto
Chairman, Executive Officer
Junichiro Ikeda
President, Chief Executive Officer
Shizuo Takahashi
Executive Vice President, Executive Officer (Assistant to President, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Information Officer, Deputy Director General of Technology Innovation Unit, Responsible for: Corporate Audit Division, Secretaries & General Affairs Division, Corporate Marketing Division, MOL Information Systems, Ltd.)
Takeshi Hashimoto
Senior Managing Executive Officer (Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Supervisor for: Steaming Coal Carrier Division, LNG Carrier Division, Responsible for: Energy Business Strategy Division, Bunker Business Division, Offshore Project Division)
Akihiko Ono
Senior Managing Executive Officer (Deputy Director General of Safety Operations Headquarters, Deputy Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: Corporate Planning Division, Liner Business Management Division)
Takashi Maruyama
Senior Managing Executive Officer (Chief Financial Officer, Responsible for: Corporate Communication Division (IR), Finance Division, Accounting Division)
Naotoshi Omoto
Senior Managing Executive Officer (Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: Europe, Africa and the Americas Area, Car Carrier Division)
Yoshikazu Kawagoe
Senior Managing Executive Officer (Chief Technical Officer, Director General of Technology Innovation Unit, Responsible for: Technical Division, Smart Shipping Division, Secondarily Responsible for MOL Information Systems, Ltd.)
Koichi Yashima
Managing Executive Officer (Responsible for: Human Resources Division, New & Clean Energy Business Division, Kansai Area)
Mitsujiro Akasaka
Managing Executive Officer (Responsible for Asia, the Middle East and Oceania Area, Chief Executive Representative, Asia, Middle East, Oceania, Managing Director of MOL (Asia Oceania) Pte. Ltd.)
Toshiaki Tanaka
Managing Executive Officer
(Director General of Dry Bulk Business Unit, Responsible for: Dry Bulk Business Planning & Co-ordianation Division, Dry Bulk Carrier Division (B), Dry Bulk Carrier Supervising Division)
Masanori Kato
Managing Executive Officer
(Director General of Safety Operations Headquarters, Responsible for: Human Resources Division, Marine Safety Division, Secondarily Responsible for Smart Shipping Division)
Kenta Matsuzaka
Managing Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: LNG Carrier Division, LNG Safety Management Division)
Nobuo Shiotsu
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Dry Bulk Business Unit, Responsible for Dry Bulk Carrier Division (A))
Tsuneo Watanabe
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Tanker Division (B) (Chemical Tanker Business), Managing Director of MOL Chemical Tankers Pte. Ltd.)
Atsushi Igaki
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Ferry Business Division, President of Ferry Sunflower Ltd.)
Hiroyuki Nakano
Executive Officer
(Secondarily Responsible for Offshore Project Division)
Hirotoshi Ushioku
Executive Officer
(General Manager of Car Carrier Division)
Michael P.Y. Goh
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Port Projects & Logistics Business Division (NVOCC Business), Secondarily Responsible for Asia, the Middle East and Oceania Area, Chief Executive Officer of MOL Consolidation Service Ltd.)
   Apr. 1982 Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
Jun. 2008 General Manager of LNG Carrier Division
Jun. 2009 Executive Officer, General Manager of LNG Carrier Division Jun. 2011 Executive Officer
Jun. 2012 Managing Executive Officer
Jun. 2015 Director, Managing Executive Officer
Apr. 2016 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (current)
Independent Officers
Masayuki Matsushima
Outside Director
Jun. 2011 Director of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (current)
Jan. 2013 Senior Advisor, Taniguchi Partners International Accounting &
Tax Office (current)
Sept. 2014 Senior Advisor of Integral Corporation (current)
Apr. 1983 Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
Jun. 2010 General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
Jun. 2011 Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Jun. 2015 Managing Executive Officer
Apr. 2017 Senior Managing Executive Officer
Jun. 2018 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (current)
Hideto Fujii
Outside Director
Jun. 2015 Adviser, Sumitomo Corporation (current) Jun. 2016 Director of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (current)
Apr. 1983 Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
Jun. 2010 General Manager of Finance Division
Jun. 2011 Executive Officer, General Manager of Finance Division Jun. 2015 Managing Executive Officer
Jun. 2017 Director, Managing Executive Officer
Apr. 2018 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (current)
    58
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 59
Etsuko Katsu
Outside Director
   Jun. Jul.
2016 Outside Director of JGC Corporation (current)
2017 Member of Management Council, Grant Thornton Taiyo LLC
(current)
Apr. 2003 Mar. 2015
Jun. 2016 Nov. 2016
Apr. 2018
Professor, School of Political Science and Economics, Meiji University (current)
Director, Center for Entrance Examination Standardization (current)
Director of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (current) Administrative Board Member, International Association of Universities (current)
Chairman of Fund Management Advisory Committee,
The Japan Foundation (current)
  
 Dialogue between Outside Officers
Free exchange of opinions supports effective corporate governance
Theme: Evaluation of MOL’s corporate governance, Board of Directors activities and the Company’s own “Deliberation on Corporate Strategy and Vision”
Matsushima When evaluating the role of corporate governance, the most important issue is that it actually performs a useful function rather than that it is simply a formality. From this perspective, I have a high opinion of MOL’s corporate culture, where Board members discuss issues freely and openly. This contributes to a more effective governance function.
Yamashita Yes, I agree that MOL’s Board meeting has a culture that encourages people to openly speak their mind. For example, when an Audit & Supervisory Board (ASB) member comments about policies, the Board of Directors are quite open to the input even when the comments are proac- tive rather than a typically governance-focused protective stance as a role generally required for an ASB. The Board also evaluates the effectiveness of its meetings so that directors and ASB members offer honest opinions on the issues being discussed, and the meetings tend to be more productive.
Matsushima
I think the “Delib-
eration on Corpo-
rate Strategy and
Vision,”whichis
held in conjunc-
tion with the
Board of Directors
meeting, is partic-
ularly useful. It
enables outside
directors and ASB
members to contribute their opinions before any important company decisions are made. My only concern is that dis- cussion usually tends to be limited to strategies only for each specific division. I think the discussions could be even more productive if we also deliberated broader issues such as risk management and capital utilization policy over the whole company.
Yamashita You’re right. Some discussions have been lim- ited to vision for specific divisions. Perhaps if outside directors and ASB members propose specific themes for discussion, it might encourage the Board to address broader issues in a timelier manner. On the other hand, we can see the benefits of the “Deliberation on Corporate Strategy and Vision” in the way that MOL addressed restructuring of its containership business. Because the Company had analyzed various sce- narios for improvement in the past, the entire Board, includ- ing outside directors and ASB members shared common awareness of the need for drastic action, which then led to the significant decision to merge the containership businesses. As you pointed out, corporate governance should not just be
Masayuki Matsushima
Outside Director
a formality. Its true value lies in how effectively it can deal with truly critical management issues.
“Rolling Plan” seeks to identify issues for discussion and steps that need to be taken based on a vision of what the Company aims to become ten years from now. The key is for management to address concrete plans and actions, rather than simply vague ideas about corporate direction
Theme: Evaluation on “Rolling Plan”
Yamashita The underlying concept of “Rolling Plan” is to envision what the Company should be ten years in the future, compare that vision with MOL’s current situation, and identify steps that must be taken to bridge the gap between current reality and future goals. The only problem is that a decade is a very long time, so the objectives that MOL sets are bound to be somewhat idealistic. The important thing, in my opinion, is to make sure the plans that management adopts are specific, and grounded in reality.
Matsushima As one of the people who strongly advocated the use of this Rolling Plan approach, I know that “Rolling Plan 2018” is based on a great deal of analysis and discussion of the business sectors that are likely to experience growth in the future, and the ways that MOL can enhance its competi- tiveness. When you adopt a long-term vision and aim at distant objectives, it allows you to see a much broader range of potential paths that could be taken to reach that objective, and a larger number of alternatives to consider as possible ways to achieve growth. Although the “Rolling Plan” model for management planning was adopted just two years ago, I think the impact is already visible.
Hideki Yamashita
Outside Member of the Audit & Supervisory Board
The key to better compliance is to make sure that every single employee in the Company is aware of its importance
Theme: Evaluation of the Company’s approach to compliance
Yamashita The need for stronger compliance is a very important issue that companies continuously must grapple with. Scandals happen all the time, even with stronger com- pliance. I believe that this has to do with employee awareness. It isn’t enough to just give lip service to compliance, posting rules and regulations like office wallpaper, or announcing initiatives while everyone nods in assent without really
listening. Top
management
needs to seize any
occasion to
emphasize the
importance of
compliance, as the
essential prerequi-
site to all company
operations. I
believe that MOL
recognizes this fact. However, as business becomes more global, the issue of how to reinforce compliance becomes progressively more difficult. As an outside member of the ASB, I recognize my own vital role in promoting compliance on a continuous basis.
Matsushima The Company’s involvement in violating the Antimonopoly Act regarding the car carrier business occurred after I was appointed as an outside director. MOL addressed the issue in a comprehensive way, with everyone in the Company from the CEO on down discussing key questions: “what specifi- cally went wrong?” and “what must be done to set things right?” I believe that this process elevated awareness of compliance considerably, throughout the Company. Unfortunately, the human being is a forgetful creature. It is vital that the Company continue to discuss the issue, to maintain a constant awareness of compliance issues. It isn’t enough to just write down the rules in some manual and ask employees to memorize the text. Compliance is something that people need to really take to heart, not only learning a lot of rules, but understanding the underlying purpose of those rules, and the reasons why they need to be followed. MOL should strive to keep compliance awareness fresh in the minds of everyone in the Company.
       MOL’s “Deliberation on Corporate Strategy and Vision”
At MOL, three hours are set aside for board meetings, with one of the hours allotted to “Deliberation on Corporate Strategy and Vision.” At the “Deliberation on Corporate Strategy and Vision,” a theme is selected related to our
“Deliberation on Corporate Strategy and Vision” Agenda FY2016
management strategy, long-term vision or management in general. A free exchange of opinions ensues at these deliberations which include outside directors and outside ASB members.
 Agenda
 Agenda
April September
January February
Strategy for the car carrier division
Discussion on formulation of the next medium-term management plan
Outline proposal for the next medium-term management plan
Outline proposal for the next medium-term management plan (continued)
FY2017
May July
September
October December January
February
Strategy in capital markets
Strategy for Port Projects & Logistics Business Division
Strategy for New Business Creation and Group Business Division
Review on governance organizational structure and evaluation of Audit & Supervisory Committee Discussion on personnel system reform
Outline proposal for the next management plan “Rolling Plan 2018”
Outline proposal for the next management plan “Rolling Plan 2018” (continued)
  60
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 61

 62
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 63
Corporate Governance
System of governance
Company with an audit & supervisory board
Independent officers (directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Total Audit & Supervisory Total directors Board members
94
HISTORY HISTORY
vision, and overall management, with both outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
Nomination Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee
MOL established the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee as discretionary organiza- tions under the Board of Directors. Both committees are chaired by an outside director, consist of three outside direc- tors and two internal directors, and aim to enhance outside directors’ supervision of directors responsible for business execution. The committees conduct investigations from an objective standpoint emphasizing the perspective of share- holders, the Nomination Advisory Committee regarding the selection of directors and executive officers and the Remunera- tion Advisory Committee regarding the status of remuneration of directors, including incentives for long-term improvement of corporate value. The Board of Directors respects the content of reports from both committees, and uses it in formulating necessary resolutions.
Outside directors (ratio)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members (ratio)
2000
Management organization reform:
1. Introduced a system of executive officers
2. Established an Executive Committee
3. Reformed the Board of Directors (redefined its
duties as the highest-ranking decision-making body and the supervision of business activities) and reduced membership from 28 to 12
4. Elected two outside directors
5. Established the Corporate Visionary Meeting Established the IR Office
Started holding the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting on a day relatively free of other shareholders’ meetings
2001
Established the Compliance Policy and Compliance Committee
2011
Revised MOL’s Compliance Policy and Rules of Conduct
2014
Revised the Compliance Policy and established a chief compliance officer (CCO)
2015
Established the Nomination Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee (chaired by outside directors)
2017
Established independence determination standards for outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
3 (1/3)
2 (1/2)
Number of board meetings held in fiscal 2017
Attendance rate of outside directors for board meetings in fiscal 2017
5 10 93%
Term of directors
1 year
Anti-takeover measures
No
Stock option system
Yes
Compliance rules
Yes
Retirement benefit system
No
External compliance advisory service desk
Yes
Corporate Governance—Enabling Sustainable Growth and Raising Corporate Value
Effective corporate governance has two sides. The defensive side focuses on eliminating risks and ensuring business is conducted in line with social norms and corporate ethics. The other side is offensive, striving to maximize corporate value by accurately evaluating latent risks in the process of pursing business oppor- tunities, then actively taking those risks deemed reasonable. A company needs both wheels of governance. One brings order, the other provides growth dynamics. With both wheels firmly in place, a company can gain the trust of its customers, stockhold- ers, business partners, employees, local communities and other stakeholders to sustainably conduct business.
MOL greatly shored up its management structure in the years surrounding 2000. Taking a lead position among Japanese com- panies, MOL established an advanced, highly transparent corpo- rate governance structure by, for example, inviting outside directors and introducing an executive officer system. We are reaping the benefits of those efforts, yet MOL has only arrived at its current position through a process of continuous improve- ment and evolution. We work hard to enhance corporate value.
Corporate Governance Organization
MOL has established a corporate governance system that maxi- mizes shareholder profits through the most appropriate alloca- tion of management resources, with higher transparency of corporate management as shown in the chart on the next page. The Board of Directors (with the participation of independent outside directors, who are indispensable to corporate gover- nance) supervises and encourages business operations, which are carried out by the president as chief executive officer. In addition, as a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board, business and accounting audits are conducted by four Audit &
Supervisory Board members, including two outside members. To make even better use of the Board of Directors, we are working to carefully select and revise issues taken up by the
board so that it can dedicate more of its meeting time to the MOL Group Long-Term Vision, strategy direction and manage- ment oversight. Accordingly, we have expanded the scope of authority transferred to the Executive Committee to accelerate decision-making related to business operations.
At MOL, we believe that the essence of corporate gover- nance lies not in its structure or organization, but in whether or not it functions effectively. The framework described in the preceding paragraph is operated in the manner outlined in the following sections.
The Board of Directors
The Board of Directors, as the Company's highest-ranking decision-making body, discusses and decides on basic policies and the most important matters connected with MOL Group management.
The Board of Directors consists of six (6) inside directors and three (3) outside directors who have no stake in the Company. Outside directors confirm the appropriateness of management decisions and check the management of business operations from an independent position based on their individual experi- ence and knowledge, while playing a major role in revitalizing the Board of Directors by expressing helpful insights regarding overall management. We also provide a system to support out- side directors in such ways as providing them with preliminarily explanations of proposals before Board of Directors meetings and reports on important matters related to business operations on a case-by-case basis. In addition, we also hold the “Delibera- tion on Corporate Strategy and Vision”, in which opinions are freely exchanged about management strategies, our long-term
Corporate Governance Organization (as of June 26, 2018) General Shareholders’ Meeting
Elect and appoint/ dismiss
Accounting Auditors
Governance Summary
Executive Committee and Committees
Within the scope of the basic policy approved by the Board of Directors, MOL transfers significant authority to implement projects to the Executive Committee. This helps to speed up decision-making on individual projects by the executive officers supervised by the president.
MOL has also established the following sub-committees of the Executive Committee to study and discuss especially important matters and projects straddling divisions that will be submitted to the Executive Committee for discussion (see the chart below).
Functions of Outside Directors and Reasons for Appointment
As part of efforts to strengthen corporate governance, MOL has been appointing outside directors since 2000, with the aim of bolstering oversight of the execution of business operations by bringing an outside perspective to management.
MOL has appointed three outside directors whose experience encompasses the realms of finance, business, and academia in Japan. MOL has adjudged that all three individuals are
Outside directors: 3
Elect and appoint/ supervise
Internal directors: 6
Total: 9
Board of Directors
Elect and appoint/dismiss
Business audit/ accounting audit
Accounting audit
Elect and appoint/dismiss
Audit & Supervisory Board
Outside members: 2 Internal members: 2 Total: 4
Audit & Supervisory Board Manager
Submit basic management policies and other issues for discussion
Executive Committee
Report Report
Nomination Advisory Committee
Outside directors: 3 Internal directors: 2 Total: 5
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Outside directors: 3 Internal directors: 2 Total: 5
Internal directors and executive officers: 11
Audit plan/ audit report
Communicate and coordinate with Audit & Supervisory Board members and
the Accounting Auditors
Provide direction on important business issues
Submit to Executive Committee after preliminary deliberations
Committees under the Executive Committee
STEER Committee, Budget Committee,
Investment and Finance Committee,
Operational Safety Committee, Compliance Committee, SOx 2020 Regulation Response Committee
Submit for discussion and/or report
on important business and other issues
Executive Officers
Instruction
Director/Executive officers: 6 Executive officers: 19 Total: 25
Divisions / Branches / Vessels / Group companies
Corporate Audit Division
Business audit/ accounting audit

Corporate Governance
 independent and have neutral positions with no conflicts of interest with the Company. The outside directors draw on their individual experience and insight to check the appropriateness of management and the status of execution of business opera- tions from the shareholders’ standpoint. At the same time, they express valuable opinions about management as a whole. In these ways, the outside directors play a major role in enhancing the operation of the Board of Directors.
Reasons for Appointment of Outside Directors
Reasons for Appointment of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Internal Control System
MOL has established a basic policy on the establishment of internal control systems* and goes beyond the scope required by law to promote activities to further enhance MOL Group management effectiveness, efficiency and transparency, namely ensuring the appropriateness of business operations and the trustworthiness of financial reporting. We have chosen two extracts from the policy and introduce them below: 1. Compli- ance and 2. Role of the Audit & Supervisory Board members.
* Established by resolution of the Board of Directors in 2006, partially amended in 2015
1. Compliance
The Company has established a Compliance Committee, which is headed by the chief compliance officer, and formulated the Compliance Policy. General managers of divisions are appointed as Compliance Officers. They are responsible for enforcing compliance regulations and are also required to report to the Compliance Committee in the event of a compliance breach. General managers of divisions are appointed as Compliance Officers, take a thorough approach to compliance as the person responsible, and are also required to report to the Compliance Committee in the event of a compliance breach. The Corporate Audit Division, a body that operates independently of the Company’s divisions, provides a counseling service. The division also undertakes investigations of breaches and reports the results to the Compliance Committee. In addition to the existing counseling service, we established an external compliance advisory service desk, which we entrusted an outside attorney to run. The desk provides anonymous counseling services.
2. Role of the Audit & Supervisory Board Members
The MOL Group has established rules for reporting to its Audit & Supervisory Board members, creating a system in which directors, executive officers and employees report to the Audit & Supervisory Board members on the Company’s operations and important matters that may impact business performance. These rules also safeguard appropriate frameworks for reporting legal violations and other compliance issues to Audit & Supervisory Board members. Furthermore, the representative directors strive to regularly meet with Audit & Supervisory Board members, and the Corporate Audit Division works in coordination with the Audit & Supervisory Board members to provide assistance. In these ways, the Company actively cooperates with the Audit & Supervisory Board members to facilitate effective auditing.
Accountability
MOL believes that timely, full and fair disclosure of corporate and financial information is an important aspect of corporate gover- nance. In addition to being accountable to shareholders and investors by providing information, the Company makes every effort possible to reflect their opinions in management. The distinguishing feature of our investor relations activities is that the president takes the lead in their implementation. In fiscal 2017, the president participated in the Company’s presentations of interim and full-year results and attended meetings with domes- tic and foreign investors. The Company is also aware of the need
for full and fair disclosure to all investors, whether in Japan or overseas. In releasing its quarterly financial results, the Company releases the financial results in Japanese and English on the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s TDnet, while simultaneously posting the Japa- nese and English drafts of presentation materials on its website. This information is e-mailed on the same day to foreign investors registered with the Company. MOL actively disseminates informa- tion about management strategy, investment plans, market conditions and other information through its website.
As recommended by the Corporate Governance Code, MOL proactively holds constructive dialogues with institutional investors and there will be no change to this policy. Feedback is regularly provided to management with regard to the content of discussions held with investors and analysts. Going forward, MOL will further bolster the quality and quantity of communication while being mindfully aware of fair disclosure rules enacted in April 2018.
The responsibility to provide information is not limited to management and financial issues. MOL’s basic stance is to quickly disclose information, even if it is negative such as infor- mation on accidents, to all stakeholders. Furthermore, we hold regular drills for responding to the media in emergencies and are working to strengthen our ability to quickly and properly dis- close information.
MOL will continue working to raise confidence in its business policies and management through close communication with various stakeholders.
IR Activities in Fiscal 2017 (April 2017–March 2018)
   Masayuki Matsushima
Hideto Fujii
Etsuko Katsu
(As of June 30, 2018)
MOL adjudged that he has a neutral position with no conflicts of interest with the Company as well as extensive, wide-ranging experience in and knowledge of finance and other sectors. He will thus be able to bring a global perspective to the Company’s management and appropriately supervise business execution.
MOL adjudged that he has a neutral position with no conflicts of interest with the Company and that he has extensive, wide-ranging experience in
and knowledge of the management from his involvement in Japan’s finance and financial policy as an administrative vice minister of finance. He will thus be able to help maintain and strengthen the Company’s corporate governance from an independent and fair perspective.
MOL adjudged that she has a neutral position with no conflicts of interest with the Company as well as experience and insight in university management and global human resource development. She is also an expert in international finance. She will thus be able to offer advice on the Company’s management and business execution from an
ndependent perspective and contribute to the maintenance and reinforcement of corporate governance.
Hiroyuki Itami
Hideki Yamashita
(As of June 30, 2018)
MOL adjudged that he has a neutral position with no conflicts of interest with the Company, and that he has wide-ranging experience and knowledge for checking the appropriateness of management decisions and supervising the execution of business operations from the shareholders’perspective based on his specialist knowledge as a scholar of business administration.
MOL adjudged that he has a neutral position with no conflicts of interest with the Company, and that he has wide-ranging experience and knowledge for checking the appropriateness of management decisions and supervising the execution of business operations from the shareholders’perspective based on his specialist knowledge as an attorney at law.
Position
Senior Advisor of Integral Corporation Outside Director of JGC Corporation
Senior Advisor, Taniguchi Partners International Accounting & Tax Office
Member of Management Council, Grant Thornton Taiyo LLC
   Director, Center for Entrance Examination Standardization
i Administrative Board Member,
International Association of Universities
Reason for appointment
 Adviser of Sumitomo Corporation
Compensation for Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Independent Public Accountants
The Board of Directors, including the outside directors, determines compensation for the directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Compensation paid to directors and Audit & Supervi- sory Board members in fiscal 2017 is shown in the following table.
The Company has granted stock options to all directors, executive officers, general managers of divisions and branch offices and managers in similar positions, as well as to presidents of consolidated subsidiaries, to motivate them to carry out operations for the benefit of shareholders.
For securities analysts and institutional investors
For overseas institutional investors
For individual investors
Business performance presentations
President’s small meetings
Overseas investor road shows
Conferences held by securities companies
Corporate presenta- tions for individual investors
4 times
2 times 3 times
4 times 4 times
Quarterly results/forecasts
Held for analysts in Japan
Twice in Europe, once in Asia (Hong Kong and Singapore)
Attended conferences in Japan and held individual meetings
Attended seminars for individual investors in Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Kanazawa, once in each city
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Yes Yes Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes Yes Yes Yes
  Professor, School of Political Science and Economics, Meiji University
Chairman of Fund Management Advisory Committee, The Japan Foundation
 Activity
Frequency
Details
Compensation for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   No. of people remunerated
     7
Total remuneration (¥ millions)
( Thousands of U.S.$)
 Functions of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Reasons for Appointment
MOL has appointed four Audit & Supervisory Board members, who are responsible for performing statutory auditing functions, including two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members who are completely independent and have no conflicts of interest with MOL. At a time when corporate auditing systems are taking on added importance, it goes without saying that the indepen- dence of members from management and policy execution is assured. Our Audit & Supervisory Board members work closely with the Corporate Audit Division and independent public accountants to assure effective corporate governance. They also work on strengthening corporate governance and compliance throughout the Group.
Directors (excluding outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside members)
Outside directors and outside members
¥330 63 56
$3,106 592 527
$1,017 1,158 2,184
           Compensation for the Accounting Auditors
    Compensa- tion for audit operations (¥ millions)
 Material
Japanese
English
    Parent company
Consolidated subsidiaries
Total
— 1 1
¥108 123 232
IR Materials (available on MOL’s website)
Financial reports
Stock exchange filings (financial highlights, etc.)
Business performance presentation materials (including summaries of Q&A sessions)
Integrated Report
Securities reports
Quarterly reports
Business reports for shareholders Investor guidebooks
Market data
¥108
     122
3
 5
 Compensa- tion for non-audit operations (¥ millions)
Total
(¥ millions)
( Thousands of U.S.$)
        231
                        64
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 65
Name
Name
Position
President, International University of Japan
Attorney-at-Law and Patent Attorney,
YAMASHITA & TOYAMA LAW AND PATENT OFFICE
Outside Corporate Auditor of I-Cell Networks Corp.
Reason for appointment
 
Safe Operation
  Safe Operation Management
Safe Operation Management Structure
MOL reorganized the division responsible for safe operation in February 2015. This move was aimed at integrating and horizon- tally disseminating information among different types of vessels while maintaining a structure that focuses on the front-line operation of every vessel type, reinforcing company-wide opera- tional safety measures, and developing an organizational struc- ture that focuses all the authority necessary to be responsible for the entire Group’s safe vessel operations into the Marine Safety Division. Under the new structure, all land-based and oceango- ing personnel are united to strive to maximize operating safety, with the goal of becoming the world leader in safe operation.
Organizational Structure Supporting Safe Operation
■ Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC)
The SOSC is staffed at all times by two marine technical special- ists, including an experienced MOL captain. They use the FMS. Safety system, which was developed in cooperation with Weath- ernews Inc., to monitor weather and related developments where our vessels are operating. FMS.Safety is used to check on the weather, sea, and other conditions surrounding the approxi- mately 850 vessels operated by MOL Group companies 24 hours a day 365 days a year. There is always someone ready and at hand if a ship captain needs assistance. The system collects information on weather, international media reports, and other factors that might affect vessels under way so that the SOSC stands ready to offer timely information and advice and help prevent serious accidents before they happen.
Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC)
■ Accident Response Drills
MOL regularly conducts accident response drills on vessels while at sea. These drills simulate various situations such as an onboard fire or water immersion, or acts of piracy or terrorism, so that seafarers can respond swiftly and appropriately in an emergency. The Head Office conducts serious marine incident emergency response drills once a year with the cooperation of the Regional Coast Guard Headquarters. The drills involve MOL’s president, other corporate officers, representatives of relevant departments and ship management companies, and vessels. In October 2017, we conducted an emergency response drill based on the prem- ise of a fire breaking out in the engine room of a car carrier that is leaking fuel and taking on seawater after striking into a reef.
We will continue to conduct drill on a regular basis and further strengthen our emergency response system.
Evacuation drill on board
Safe Operation Measures
Efforts to ensure safe operation will never end. Coupled with the revision and continuation of policies already in place to strengthen safe operation, MOL will thoroughly implement policies to prevent a recurrence of serious marine incidents.
Making Processes for Realizing Safe Operation Visible
MOL has introduced objective numerical indicators for measur- ing safety levels, and also set the following numerical targets, including the Four Zeroes.
1. Four Zeroes (an unblemished record in terms of serious marine
incidents, oil pollution, fatal accidents and cargo damage) 2. LTIF*1 (Lost Time Injury Frequency): 0.7 or below
(Since fiscal 2015)
3. Operational stoppage time*2: 24 hours/ship or below
4. Operational stoppage accident rate*3: 1.0/ship or below
In fiscal 2017, we did not achieve 1 above as unfortunately two fatal workplace accidents occurred on MOL Group- operated vessels and we also did not achieve 3 as shown in the below graph.
*1 LTIF (Lost time injury frequency): Number of work-related accidents per one million hours worked that resulted in time lost from work of one day or more. In the scope of calculations, we originally included only workplace illnesses and injuries requiring disembarkation from the ship. The LTIF criteria was strengthened from fiscal 2015, and now includes any workplace illness or injury that prevents a worker from resuming even a reduced workload on that day, regardless of whether the illness or injury requires disembarkation.
Average for all industries (2017) was 1.66, shipping industry 1.14, and transportation equipment manufacturing industry 0.43. (Source: 2017 Survey on Industrial Accidents issued by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
*2 Operational stoppage time: Expresses the amount of ship operational stoppage time due to an accident per ship per year.
*3 Operational stoppage accident rate: Expresses the number of accidents that result in ship operational stoppage per ship per year.
Preventing New or a Recurrence of Serious Incidents
MOL is constantly and repeatedly implementing and raising awareness of fundamental matters while striving to thoroughly keep fresh the memory of serious incidents we have experi- enced and prevent a recurrence of serious incidents while giving due consideration to improving teamwork, safety awareness, awareness of relevant parties and vessel management quality. We will continue to adapt our accident prevention system by making improvements related to both seafarer training and ship facilities to break the chain of errors in which minor factors combine and ultimately lead to major maritime accidents.
In terms of seafarer training, we are thoroughly implementing drills prior to boarding and supervising the instruction of less experienced seafarers. We are also enhancing land-based educa- tion and training curriculum and programs such as “hazard experience” training sessions and BRM drills.*4 These measures are geared towards enhancing the ability of seafarers to perceive danger and promoting teamwork. In addition, we are working to raise safety awareness among seafarers by collecting information from each vessel in operation on examples of incidents and problems as well as close calls*5 and by using videos, photos and illustrations to appeal to the visual sense of seafarers. In terms of ship facilities, we are working to equip ships with error-resistant equipment and promoting the adoption of information technol- ogy. This involves promoting the fail-safe design concept by providing shipyards and equipment manufacturers with feed- back from vessels in operation on areas of non-conformance and areas in need of improvement.
*4 Bridge resource management drill: Simulating an incident on a vessel operation simulator to enable seafarers to acquire response techniques. It includes MOL’s original programs.
*5 Close calls: Risky incidents that came very close to causing a more serious accident.
   Executive Committee
Operational Safety Committee
Chairman: President & CEO
Vice-Chairman: Director General, Safety Operations Headquarters
 Safety Operations Headquarters
Marine Safety Division
Ship management coordinating divisions
Marine technical teams supporting vessel operations for business divisions
In-house ship management companies leading working-level ship management*
* MOL Ship Management Co., Ltd. and MOL LNG Transport Co., Ltd.
Emergency Response System
MOL continues to strengthen its systems so that it can provide an accurate response in the unlikely event of an emergency.
Lost Time Injury Frequency (LTIF)
1.8 40
Average Operational Stoppage Time and Operational Stoppage Accident Rate
 2017 average for all industries: 1.66
MOL target: 0.7 or below for 2015 onward
30 25.04
25.56
0.99
2015
22.53
0.91
2016
(Hours/ship)
Average operational stoppage time
target: 24 hours or below 28.45
(Accidents/ship)
2.0
1.5
 1.5 1.2 0.9 0.6 0.3
31.08
    0.44
20 0.50 0.51 10
0.52
0.51
0.94 1.0 0.5
  0 2013
2014 2015 2016
Operational stoppage accident rate target: 1.0 or below
2017 (FY) 0 2013 2014
2017 (FY)
0
0.30 0.53
○ Average operational stoppage time (left scale) ○ Operational stoppage accident rate (right scale)
  66
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018
67

Safe Operation
Risk Management
 Cooperation for Safe Operation
The MOL Group works together with vessels, shipowners, and ship management companies to work toward achieving the world’s highest level of safe operation of all owned and char- tered vessels by sharing safety-related information. The Com- pany regularly broadcasts “Safety Alerts”—information pertaining to safe operation, including work-related incidents involving casualties—to every vessel. MOL conducts “Safety Operation Meetings” and “Safety Campaigns” involving vessels, shipowners, ship management companies and even the sales division to deepen understanding of its safety standards and to discuss safety improvements. MOL also inspects vessels to check whether its safety standards are understood well and put into effect. If there is a need to make improvements, MOL will take corrective actions, communicating with the vessel, shipowner and ship management company in the process.
Opening a Self-Operated Maritime Academy in the Philippines in August 2018
Filipino seafarers form the core of the crews on MOL's operated vessels. As operation technology grows increasingly sophisti- cated, we expect to see more activity for these seafarers. As the culmination of MOL’s initiatives aimed at safe operations, in August 2018, MOL will open the Maritime Academy in the Philippines. The academy facility, which has been already con- structed, imitates its layout of the practice facilities as realistically as possible. The academy will provide students with training that makes them work-ready as soon as they complete their studies. Through operation of the academy, we will reinforce efforts to secure and train excellent seafarers and achieve the world’s safest operations.
Third-Party Evaluations
Safe Operation, Including Evaluations of Seafarer Educational Programs
■ Standard Training Courses for liquefied gas transportation
certified by DNV GL AS
The LNG Carrier Standard Training Course and the LEG/LPG Car- rier Standard Training Course implemented globally by MOL were certified by Norway’s Det Norske Veritas (DNV) GL AS in 2007 for compliance with the LNG carrier crew ability standards and in 2016 for compliance with the LEG/LPG advocated by SIGTTO.**
** Society of International Gas Tanker and Terminal Operators Ltd.
■ Management program for seafarer education and training acquired certification from DNV GL AS
MOL’s management program for seafarer education and training was recognized to be effective and certified in its tanker and LNG carrier operations by DNV GL AS in 2012 for compliance with the Competence Management System (CMS).
The Company identifies the risks surrounding the MOL Group, such as fluctuations of freight rates, with the aim of managing and reducing these risks. MOL has designated the reinforcement of total risk control as one measure to strengthen its management foundation and support the successful execution of the plan. To fully exercise sustainable risk management, the Company transparently quantifies its comprehensive risk.
Fluctuations of Cargo Volume, Fleet Supply and Freight Rates
The global shipping business, like many other industries, is greatly affected by trends in the global economic cycle, and is thus subject to both macroeconomic risk, as well as business risk associated with trends in specific industries. There are a multitude of factors that are subject to change, such as fluctuations in the economies of individual countries, changes in trade structures, vessel supply and demand balance, market conditions and cargo volumes. Achieving the best performance hinges on objectively analyzing information so as to continually increase the probability of generating higher earnings. With this in mind, MOL has adopted a strategy of “diversifying operations to reduce risk” and “raising highly stable profits” by aligning its fleet to match interna- tional marine transport demand in the transport of both raw materials and finished goods. In this way, we strive to maximize returns and sustain profit growth. In accordance with our internal market risk management regulations, we appropriately reduce risks related to fluctuation, especially those arising from freight rates, bunker prices, exchange rates, and interest rates. The Invest- ment and Finance Committee also identifies, analyzes and evalu- ates risks related to such material issues as investment in ships.
Diversifying Operations to Reduce Risk
MOL operates a “full-line marine transport group.” As of the end of March 2018, we operated around 860 vessels, ranging from dry bulkers, tankers, and LNG carriers to car carriers and contain- erships, capable of transporting a diverse range of raw materials and finished goods. Each type of ship and each type of cargo have particular supply and demand trends, and create particular markets. While some of these markets are highly correlated with each other, others are negatively correlated depending mainly on the economic environment, so the impact in one sector offsets the impact in another. By assessing the suitability of a particular vessel type for medium- to long-term contracts and market exposure the Company expects, MOL constructs an optimum business portfolio, which allows the Company to pursue higher profits while mitigating risks.
Building Up Highly Stable Profits through the Use of Medium- and Long-Term Contracts and Other Means The Company pursues medium- and long-term contracts won based on long-standing relationships of trust with customers. These contracts ensure a stable future cash flow that will help reduce the risk that market fluctuations could have on its results.
International marine transportation is expanding, but consid- ering the ongoing glut of shipbuilding capacity, more time will likely need to elapse before a structural turnaround is realized in the market environment. The Company aims to conclude con- tracts that are not largely affected by changes in the external business environment and constitute a source of highly stable profits. By expanding these contracts from a long-term perspec- tive, MOL will create an even steadier earnings structure. To achieve this objective, one of the options we will look closely at as a matter of priority is M&A deals in growing sectors which enjoy a relatively stable cash flow.
Exchange Rate Fluctuations
Although MOL has concluded transport contracts on a yen- denominated basis with some Japanese clients, most transactions in the international marine transport business are concluded on a U.S. dollar-denominated basis. Despite our best efforts to incur expenses in U.S. dollars, U.S. dollar-denominated revenue cur- rently exceeds U.S. dollar-denominated expenses, so when the yen strengthens against the U.S. dollar this can have a negative impact on Group earnings. In fiscal 2018, we project that each ¥1-per-dollar change in the yen-U.S. dollar exchange rate will have an impact of approximately ¥0.8 billion on consolidated ordinary profit.
Interest Rate Fluctuations
MOL depends mainly on the issuance of corporate bonds and funds borrowed from banks and other financial institutions to meet working capital and capital expenditure requirements. Loans are denominated in either yen or U.S. dollars, with funds procured at variable interest rates affected by interest rate fluctuations. As of March 31, 2018, interest-bearing debt totaled ¥1,118.0 billion, and around 30% of that loan principal is locked in at a fixed interest rate. As a result, an increase of 1 percentage
        Variation of Procurement and Contract Terms
(as of March 2018)
0
20% 40%
60%
80% 100%
         A bridge training facility at the academy
A main engine training facility at the academy
21%
Dry Bulkers (337 ships)
Tankers (173)
LNG Carriers (83)
Car Carriers (119)
Containerships (91)
21% 33%
35%
46%
 48%
17%
 100%
  ■ Owned or mid- and long-term chartered vessels with mid- and long-term contracts ■ Owned or mid- and long-term chartered vessels with short-term contracts
■ Short-term chartered vessels with short-term contracts
Market Exposure by Vessel type
(as of March 2018)
Capsize
Small- and medium-sized bulkers
VLCCs 16% Product tankers 74% LPG tankers 50%
  24% 6%
      68
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 69
98% 2%
 79%
Total number of fleet
88
108
Market exposure
  31
 39
 8
 
Risk Management
Environment
  point in market interest rates on both yen-denominated and U.S. dollar-denominated interest-bearing liabilities would impact annual consolidated ordinary profit by no larger than approxi- mately ¥4.0 billion. Although MOL has benefited from ultra-low interest rates in the aftermath of the financial crisis, the Company is taking steps to mitigate the risk of a future interest rate rise. It plans to flexibly adjust the ratio of variable- and fixed-rate loans through interest rate swaps and other means according to changes in financial conditions, taking into consideration the balance between variable- and fixed-rate interest.
Bunker Price Fluctuations
The market price of bunker is generally linked to the price of crude oil, and any increase in bunker prices has a negative impact on earnings for the MOL Group. In fiscal 2018, MOL projects buying 3.9 million tons of fuel on a standalone and consolidated subsidiary basis, of which the Company is able to pass on about 80% of the risk to customers. In addition, an increase of US$1 per metric ton in the average annual price of bunker would lower earnings, including from equity-method affiliates, by approxi- mately ¥0.18 billion (net of hedging) at the maximum.
A stricter regulatory rule to reduce SOx emissions generated by ships will be introduced in 2020. This regulation would require the use of low-sulfur fuel oil containing less than 0.5% sulfur, the installation of SOx scrubbers on vessels to remove sulfur, or the use of alternative fuels such as LNG, LPG, and methanol, which could have an impact on fuel costs or capital costs. In this case, the Company intends to put in effort to gain the understanding of customers and reflect these additional costs in freight rates and other fees.
Sensitivity of Earnings to Exchange Rate/Interest Rate/ Bunker Price Fluctuations
A ¥1 appreciation reduces ordinary profit by approximately ¥0.8 billion
A 1 percentage point rise in both yen- and U.S. dollar- denominated interest-bearing debt reduces ordinary profit by approximately ¥4.0 billion
A US$1/MT increase reduces ordinary profit by approximately ¥0.18 billion
Vessel Operations
MOL operates a fleet of approximately 860 vessels and it is there- fore impossible to ignore the risks related to various incidents that may occur on the high seas. In order to prevent accidents, the Company has introduced a variety of measures such as safety standards, a safety management system, comprehensive crew education and training, and establishment of organizations to support safe operations.
Furthermore, MOL has arranged sufficient insurance coverage so that its financial results will not be materially impacted, should the Company or a third party suffer damages in the unlikely event of an MOL-operated vessel being involved in a collision, sinking, fire or other marine incident.
Group Company Operational Management
The MOL Group Corporate Principles serve as the basis for setting regulations at MOL Group companies. Each Group company submits required reports to MOL in a timely manner in accor- dance with Group Company Management Regulations. After properly ascertaining the financial conditions and business risks, the Company, as a shareholder, requests Group companies obtain permission prior to executing important management matters.
Natural Disaster or Similar Event
An earthquake, other natural disaster or an outbreak of an infec- tious disease (hereinafter “disaster or similar event”) could affect MOL-operated vessels, offices and facilities, as well as employees, hampering business operations.
MOL puts the highest priority on ensuring the safety of its vessels and personnel in the event of a disaster or similar event. The Company has formulated a business continuity plan docu- menting procedures to enable it to continue providing core ocean transport services and quickly restore operations in the unlikely event that they are suspended. This business continuity plan establishes organizations and delegates authority for duties relating to maintaining the safe operation of vessels, execution of transportation contracts and charter agreements, financial preparation, securing required personnel, and other matters. Furthermore, for some years, MOL has been conducting regular disaster-preparedness drills on and off premise at its Head Office, aboard ships and throughout the Group’s other facilities, as well as taking other measures to ensure preparedness. By addressing issues arising from these drills, MOL believes that it maintains a high state of readiness. Nevertheless, in the event of a disaster or similar event in which MOL cannot completely avoid damage, the Company’s business performance may be affected.
Initiatives on the Environment
In April 2017, we formulated MOL Group Environmental Vision 2030 to present our cutting-edge initiatives for environmental preservation.
 MOL Group Environmental Vision 2030
Shipping companies are responsible for undertaking the marine transportation vital to the infrastructure underpinning people’s daily lives worldwide.
Meanwhile, the effectuation of the Paris Agreement on climate control has unified efforts by the international commu- nity to mitigate global warming. With this in mind, the MOL Group believes that it has a social obligation to take innovative steps to help solve environmental issues such as greenhouse
gas emissions, air pollution and biodiversity impediments. The MOL Group will grasp the environmental needs of customers and other stakeholders and provide solutions, in tandem with developing its environment and emission-free businesses into future core operations, with the aim of contributing to global environmental preservation.
The MOL Group targets reduction of greenhouse gas emis- sions per unit load by 25% by 2030 and by 50% by 2050 com- pared to fiscal 2014.
Roadmap to Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions
(%)
50
25
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Targets
(per transport unit)
 FY2030
FY2050
 –25%
 –50%
 Radical innovation
Offset greenhouse gas emissions by environment and emission-free businesses
New technologies that are proven to be economically feasible (LNG-fueled vessels, main engine waste heat recovery, Power Assist Sail*, etc.)
 0 2014
Applicable technologies/projects at the present time
(PBCF, low-friction hull paint, larger-size hulls, slow steaming)
2030 2050
(年度)
* Power Assist Sail: Sailing rigs that provide supplementary propulsion force for the vessel by using the lift force of crosswinds, similar to the wings of an airplane, and drag from tailwind
   Key Environmental Issues
In March 2014, we identified the highest-priority environmental issues and set about addressing those issues in a proactive manner. To identify these priorities, we analyzed issues from international conditions regarding environmental issues; the opinions of stakeholders including customers, investors, and so on; and our own internal viewpoints. Finally, we formulated the following eight action plans.
Environmental Investments
Environment-related R&D activities Utilization and expansion of existing environmental technologies
Responses to environmental
regulations
Initiatives to save bunker fuel
Initiatives of Group companies
Total 4.6
(Billions of yen)
Fiscal 2017
0.5 0.8
3.1
0.8 0.5 5.7
 Fiscal 2015
0.3 0.9
Fiscal 2016
0.4 0.5
3.1
1.1 0.3 5.4
    Exchange rate (¥/US$)
 Interest rate (%)
 Bunker price (US$/MT )
       2.2
    1.0 0.3
              1. Promote use and innovation of technologies for reducing environmental impact and advanced support technolo- gies for safer vessel operation through the “ISHIN NEXT— MOL SMART SHIP PROJECT—.”
2. Participate in projects to build vessels that run on alterna- tive fuels such as LNG and supply alternative fuels.
3. Reduce greenhouse gas emissions by using ICT to opti- mize sailing even further.
4. Utilize renewable energy such as wind and solar power for vessel propulsion and at Group-related facilities in Japan and overseas.
5. Create environment and emission-free businesses.
6. Investigate emissions trading as a way to achieve green-
house gas reduction targets.
7. Respond appropriately and proactively to air pollution
prevention and the Ballast Water Management
Convention.
8. Promote modal shift in transportation by enhancing the
 ferry and coastal shipping business in Japan.
 Impact of Exchange Rate Fluctuations (Model) Impact=1+2
Impact of Bunker Price Fluctuations (Model)
Organizational Structure for Environmental Initiatives
Organizational reforms implemented on April 1, 2018 created a framework where the New & Clean Energy Business Division will take the lead in promoting new and clean energy business going forward. The division will conduct feasibility studies and actively promote the environment and emission-free businesses that should become a core business for MOL in the future. In addition, the division will also set the Company’s environmental targets and review the status of achievement of these targets in order to steadily advance initiatives.
Moreover, ahead of stricter regulation on sulfur content in fuel oil scheduled for 2020, the SOx 2020 Regulation Compliance Committee established in November 2016 will collect informa- tion and work in collaboration with sales divisions to promote Company-wide initiatives taking into account customers’ needs.
Revenues
Expenses Profit
 Exposure
Hedged Portion
 Recoverable
by Surcharge, etc.
   1
U.S. Dollar Expense
Japanese Yen Expense
2
 Japanese Yen Revenue
  70
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 71
U.S. Dollar Revenue
Impact
Total Consumption

Environment
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
  Environmental Regulations
Schedule of Environmental Regulations by IMO, etc. Ballast Water Management Convention
(Adopted in 2004)
A convention to prevent cross-border transfer of foreign marine organisms through vessel ballast water was adopted by the IMO in 2004 and has been in effect since September 2017. Under the convention, vessels, including existing vessels, are mandated to install ballast water treatment systems, by September 2024.
MOL’s Approach to CSR
In our view, CSR means conducting business management that adequately takes into account laws and regulations, social norms, safety and environmental issues, human rights and other considerations, and developing together with society sustain- ably and harmoniously while earning the support and trust of stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, business part- ners, employees and local communities.
Based on this belief, MOL sees CSR being directly linked to management principles and policies and it is clearly stipulated as item which should be discussed directly in the Executive Com- mittee. Moreover, the Corporate Planning Division will adminis- trate overall CSR policy, propose targets and manage progress, while the divisions named in the chart below will take charge of the individual areas of Compliance, Safety Operations, the Environment, and Human Resources Development/Social Con- tribution Activities. This creates a framework capable of dealing soundly with each field.
To further ensure sustainable growth, MOL CHART was estab- lished in 2015 as a set of values to be passed down between MOL Group employees indefinitely. For more information on MOL CHART, see page 2.
10 Principles of the UN Global Compact
  Human Rights
Labour
Environ- ment
Anti- Corruption
Principle
1. Business should support and respect the protection
of internationally proclaimed human rights; and
2. Make sure that they are not complicit in human
rights abuses.
3. Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining;
4. The elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour;
5. The effective abolition of child labour; and
6. The elimination of discrimination in respect of
employment and occupation.
7. Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges;
8. Undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and
9. Encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.
10. Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.
SOx Regulation
Regulate the sulfur content in fuel oil to control SOx volume in exhaust emissions. The sulfur limit will be tightened from 3.5% or less to 0.5% or less from 2020. Shipowners/operators have to choose a method from the following menu:
  2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
 Sulfur limit: 3.5%
 Sulfur limit: 0.5%
  Method
Advantages
Disadvantages/Issues
  Ballast voyage departure port
Marine organisms
Unloading cargo and taking in ballast water
MOL’s Initiatives
Destination port
Destruction of the marine ecosystem
Loading cargo and discharging ballast water
Complied oil SOx scrubber
Alternative fuel (LNG, etc.)
No initial costs Lower fuel costs
Effective for other environmental regulations
• High fuel cost
• Supply availability in question
• High initial cost
• Large space required
• High equipment cost
• Insufficient supply system • Difficult modifications
          • In fiscal 2014, MOL set a Company-wide policy to install ballast water management systems on our vessels before the conven- tion took effect.
• • •
•
MOL has been studying complied oil and SOx scrubbers as both are subject to future fuel prices.
MOL teamed up with BHP Billion, Rio Tinto, etc., on a joint research project for an LNG-fueled capesize bulker.
MOL took delivery of three methanol tankers equipped with dual-fuel, low-speed diesel engines that can run on methanol (a world first).
In 2019, MOL will take delivery of a tugboat with a dual-fuel (bunker A/LNG) engine.
The MOL Group Basic Procurement Policy
We formulated the MOL Group Basic Procurement Policy in 2012. This clearly documents our CSR activity policy regarding the Group’s procurement activities. To embed this policy in the MOL Group, we work throughout our supply chain to observe laws and regulations and social norms, incorporate consideration for environmental protection in our activities, pursue safety, engage in fair trading and build trust, with the understanding and coop- eration of business partners. In this way, we aim to contribute towards the realization of sustainable societies together.
The MOL Group Basic Procurement Policy
• We have already completed installation on more than 114 owned vessels (as of April 2018).
Others
Regulations
Tackling global warming
Preventing air pollution
Marine environ- ment protection
2016
2017
2018 2019
Mandatory
2020
Phase 2
2025
Phase 3
MOL’s Initiatives
     GHG emissions
NOx emissions*3
EEDI*1
SEEMP*2
Phase 1
  * Reference: Greenhouse gas reduction targets in international shipping were decided at the IMO’s 72nd session of the Marine Environment
Protection Committee held in April 2018. Using 2008 as a base, the targets were to improve fuel efficiency in all shipping operations by at least 40% by 2030, and strive to improve by 70% or more by 2050. The meeting also decided to cut greenhouse gas emissions from all shipping by at least 50% by 2050, and ultimately endeavor to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible within this century.
Participating in the UN Global Compact
CSR activities are broad and, from time to time, the strength and priority of those activities change depending on the operating environment, global circumstances and region where business is being developed. With business activities spread across the globe, MOL believes that building good relationships with vari- ous stakeholders worldwide and contributing to the realization of sustainable growth of society are vital as it seeks to realize the ideas set forth in the MOL Group Corporate Principles. In order to contribute to an international framework for realizing these goals, MOL became the first Japanese shipping company to participate in the United Nations (UN) Global Compact in 2005. Since then, MOL has worked to support and practice the 10 principles in 4 areas of the UN Global Compact, which shares the same values as MOL’s Rules of Conduct, which were established as a set of guidelines for executives and employees.
         General Sea Areas
ECA*4
Tier II
Tier III
           Minimizing the transfer of invasive aquatic species by shipping*5
Ship Recycling Convention*6
(Guideline adopted in 2011)
(Adopted in 2009: not ratified)
      *1 EEDI (Energy Efficiency Design Index) is a measure of a ship’s energy efficiency (g/ton-mile) The required EEDI of each Phase is as follows: Phase 0=0%, Phase 1=10%, Phase 2=20% (Applied to new ships)
*2 SEEMP (Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan) is required to be drawn up to show optimal measures of operation that should be adjusted to the characteristics of individual ships, and to be kept onboard a ship. (Applied to both new and existing ships)
*3 The regulation for reduction of NOx in exhaust gases: Tier I is applied to ships laid down in 2000-2010, Tier II to ships laid down in/after 2011, and Tier III to ships laid down in/after 2016.
*4 The existing ECAs (Emission Control Areas) are: 1. Within 200 miles off the coast of the USA and Canada (NOx/SOx) 2. The USA Caribbean Sea area (NOx/SOx) 3. The Baltic Sea and the North Sea areas (currently only SOx). (From 2021 onward, new shipbuilding will be subject to third-generation NOx regulations.)
*5 The guideline aimed at minimizing transfer of invasive aquatic species attaching to the bottom of ships, recommending installation of the systems on vessels to keep the bottom clean of marine organisms and other measures. (It remains as a voluntary guideline during the review period.)
*6 The convention prohibits and restricts the fitting and use of treaty-specified hazardous materials, and requires vessels to prepare, record and update inventory lists showing the quantity and location of hazardous materials on ships over a ship's lifetime. The convention shall enter into force 24 months after the following conditions are met:
Conditions: Ratification by not less than 15 countries representing a combined total G/T of more than 40% of the world’s merchant fleet and an annual ship recycling volume not less than 3% of the combined tonnage of the ratifying countries. (As of May 2018, 6 countries have ratified.)
  72
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5.
MOL Report 2018 73
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
 Mandatory
(For existing vessels: within five years from September 2019 For new vessels: completed from September 2017 onward)
 Organizational Framework for CSR Initiatives
 CSR Policies and Goals
  Executive Committee
Corporate Planning Division
Corporate Audit Division Secretaries & General Affairs Division
Marine Safety Division
New & Clean Energy Business Division
Human Resources Division
Compliance
 Safety Operations
 Environment
 Human Resources Development/Social Contribution Activities
 The MOL Group procures goods and/or services in accordance with the following basic policy:
1. We comply with applicable laws, regulations and social norms, and pay due consideration to the protection of the environment.
2. We procure goods and/or services, including the delivery or execution of such goods and/or services, that meet high safety standards.
3. We conduct fair trade, and endeavor to establish trusting relationships with contractors.
We work to make sure that our contractors understand our Basic Procurement Policy, with the aim of contributing towards the realization of sustainable societies together.

 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
 Third-Party Evaluations (Environment-Related)
■ ISO 14001 Certification
MOL has used its own environmental management system MOL EMS21 since April 2001, and also holds ISO 14001 certification, an international standard for environmental management. (Since 2003)
■ ISO 50001 Certification
MOL acquired ISO 50001 certification for its energy management system and ISO 14001 certification for its environmental management system. Certified companies: MOL Ship Management Co., Ltd., MOL Ship Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., MOL Ship Management (Hong Kong) Company, Limited and Magsaysay MOL Ship Management, Inc.
 External Recognition (Overall, CSR-Related)
■ CSR Rating by the FTSE4Good Developed Index Series
FTSE is a global index provider owned by the London Stock Exchange. Since 2003, FTSE Russell has included MOL in one of its major indices, the FTSE4Good Developed Index, which is a responsible investment index.
■ FTSE Blossom Japan
Since 2017, MOL has been included in the FTSE Blossom Japan Index. The index was developed in 2017 by FTSE and targets Japanese companies making a superior response to environment, social, and governance (ESG) issues.
■ MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes
MOL has been included in the MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes for its superior efforts on measures taken for risks and opportunities related to ESG. (Since 2010; index name changed in 2017)
■ MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
Since 2017, MOL has been included in the Japan ESG Select Leaders Index, which was newly developed in 2017 and targets companies with a superior ESG evaluation relatively speaking for each industry.
■ MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)
MOL has been included in the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN), which was newly developed in 2017 and identifies companies in all industries with superior performance in promoting gender diversity.
The inclusion of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. in any MSCI index, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement or promotion of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI indexes are the exclusive property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI index names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
■ SMBC Work Style Reform Finance
MOL was rated for its initiatives adopted in the past (see page 33), and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation approved MOL for an SMBC Work Style Reform Finance as a growth enterprise that can be expected to encourage workstyle reform in the future (2018).
      74 Mitsui O.S.K. Lines MOL Report 2018 75
Data Section
76
110 112 113
Consolidated Financial Statements
76 Consolidated Balance Sheets
78 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
79 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
80 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
81 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
109 Independent Auditor’s Report The MOL Group
Worldwide Offices
Shareholder Information
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. March 31, 2018 and 2017
  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
      ASSETS 2018 Current assets:
2017
186,844 130,420 36,358 60,888 1,273 66,121
(428) 481,477
2018
1,784,553 1,184,591 364,071 582,812 12,556 593,589
(3,774) 4,518,411
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS Current liabilities:
Trade payables (Note 3)
Bonds due within one year (Notes 3 and 7) Short-term bank loans (Notes 3 and 7) Commercial paper (Notes 3 and 7)
Accrued income taxes (Note 14)
Advances received
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 14)
Allowance for bonuses
Allowance for directors’ bonuses
Provision for loss on business liquidation Provision for contract loss
Provision for loss related to business restructuring Other current liabilities (Note 6)
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities:
Bonds due after one year (Notes 3 and 7) Long-term bank loans (Notes 3 and 7) Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 14)
Net defined benefit liabilities (Note 15)
Directors’ and corporate auditors’ retirement benefits Reserve for periodic drydocking
Provision for contract loss
Provision for environmental measures
Other non-current liabilities (Note 6)
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 8)
Net assets (Note 9): Owners’ equity:
Common stock as of March 31, 2018: Authorized —315,400,000 shares Issued —120,628,611 shares
Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost Total owners’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities, net of tax Unrealized gains on hedging derivatives, net of tax
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Share subscription rights Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
2018
131,405 31,872 180,539 5,000 6,395 34,409 590 4,567 186 — 15,879 7,068 60,372 478,287
2017
125,118 20,000 133,155 — 6,642 32,258 1,188 4,402 153 2,753 1,239 — 56,544 383,456
2018
1,236,869 300,000 1,699,350 47,063 60,193 323,879 5,553 42,987 1,750 — 149,463 66,528 568,260 4,501,948
        Cash and cash equivalents (Note 3) Trade receivables (Note 3) Inventories (Note 5)
Deferred and prepaid expenses Deferred tax assets (Note 14)
Other current assets (Notes 3 and 6) Allowance for doubtful accounts Total current assets
¥
189,591 125,851 38,679 61,918 1,334 63,063
(401) 480,036
¥
$
¥
¥
$
            Vessels, property and equipment,
net of accumulated depreciation (Notes 7 and 12):
175,748 706,944 15,977 55,225 12,909 1,487 20,647 50,933 620 78,810 1,119,304 1,597,591
65,400
45,385 306,642
(6,807) 410,620
33,400 37,873 23,442
5,905 100,621 2,026 114,776 628,044 ¥2,225,636
210,595 738,163 18,371 56,678 12,445 1,459 18,566 226 620 93,325 1,150,450 1,533,907
65,400
45,382 355,263
(6,820) 459,226
28,353 54,326 27,178
2,898 112,757 2,447 109,190 683,621 ¥2,217,528
1,654,254 6,654,216 150,385 519,813 121,507 13,996 194,342 479,414 5,835 741,810 10,535,617 15,037,565
615,587
427,193 2,886,314
(64,071) 3,865,022
314,382 356,485 220,651
55,581 947,110 19,070 1,080,346 5,911,558 $20,949,134
Vessels
Buildings and structures
Machinery, equipment and vehicles
Furniture and fixtures
Land
Vessels and other property under construction
Others 2,884
776,554 148,598 31,581 4,137 221,045 106,128
756,930 153,767 26,630 5,366 221,342 156,935 2,693 1,323,665
7,309,431 1,398,701 297,260 38,940 2,080,619 998,945 27,146 12,151,063
            Net vessels, property and equipment
1,290,929
    Investments, intangibles and other assets:
Intangible assets
Investment securities (Notes 3, 4 and 7) Long-term loans receivable (Note 3) Long-term prepaid expenses
Net defined benefit assets (Note 15)
Deferred tax assets (Note 14)
Other non-current assets (Note 6)
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments, intangibles and other assets
Total assets
See accompanying notes.
30,163 274,527 73,403 6,388 18,811 3,212 50,583
(2,421) 454,669 ¥2,225,636
31,287 231,978 62,796 6,824 15,390 3,535 62,661
(2,089) 412,385 ¥2,217,528
283,913 2,584,026 690,916 60,128 177,061 30,233 476,120
(22,788) 4,279,640 $20,949,134
                                      76
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 77

 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
(CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS)
Shipping and other revenues (Note 13) Shipping and other expenses
Gross operating income
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income
Non-operating income:
Interest income
Dividend income
Equity in earnings of affiliated companies Foreign exchange gain
Others
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses:
Interest expense
Equity in losses of affiliated companies Others
Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary income Other gains:
Gain on sales of vessels, property, equipment and others Others
Total other gains
Other losses:
Loss on sales and disposals of vessels, property, equipment and others Loss related to business restructuring (Note 10)
Impairment loss
Costs of business structural reforms
Others
Total other losses
Income (Loss) before income taxes Income taxes (Note 14):
Current
Deferred
Net income (loss)
Income attributable to non-controlling interests
Income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
(CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME)
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (Note 17):
Unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities, net of tax Unrealized gains on hedging derivatives, net of tax
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates accounted for using equity method
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
(AMOUNTS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK)(*1) Net income (loss)
Diluted net income (Note 2)
Cash dividends applicable to the year
See accompanying notes.
*1 The Company consolidated its common shares (ten shares into one shares), effective October 1, 2017.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$15,553,397 14,248,268 1,305,120 1,091,603 213,516
75,075 62,697 — 158,452 36,991 333,226
192,140 32,266 26,082
250,498 296,244
159,817 43,175 202,993
12,330 691,603 — — 65,530 769,465
(270,227)
100,988 18,844
Unrealized holding gains on available- for-sale securities, net of tax
¥20,950
— — — — — — —
7,403
¥28,353
— — — — — — —
5,046 ¥33,400
Millions of yen
Unrealized
gains on Foreign hedging currency
derivatives, translation net of tax adjustments
¥ 35,033 ¥26,885
— — — — — — — — — — — — — —
19,292 292
¥ 54,326 ¥27,178
— — — — — — — — — — — — — —
    2018
¥1,652,393 1,513,736 138,656 115,972 22,684
7,976 6,661 — 16,834 3,930 35,402
20,413 3,428 2,771
26,613 31,473
16,979 4,587 21,566
1,310 73,476 — — 6,962 81,748
(28,709)
10,729 2,002
(41,440) 5,939
(47,380)
2017 ¥1,504,373 1,388,264 116,109 113,551 2,558
5,918 6,021 5,543
24,179 3,875 45,538
19,037 — 3,633 22,670 25,426
6,125 29,080 35,206
1,259 — 22,273 6,490 7,304 37,328 23,303
13,323 (625)
Common Capital stock surplus
¥65,400 ¥45,388
— — — — — — — — — — — — — (6)
— —
¥65,400 ¥45,382
— — — — — — — — — — — — — 2
— — ¥65,400 ¥45,385
Common Capital stock surplus
$615,587 $427,164
— — — — — — — — — — — — — 18
— — $615,587 $427,193
Treasury stock, at cost
¥354,179 —4
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share Non- subscription controlling
rights interests ¥2,681 ¥103,292
(4) — — — — — — — — — — — — —
(228) 5,898
¥2,447 ¥109,190
(12) — — — — — — — — — — — — —
(408) 5,585 ¥2,026 ¥114,776
Share Non- subscription controlling
rights interests
$23,032 $1,027,767
(112) — — — — — — — — — — — — —
(3,840) 52,569 $19,070 $1,080,346
Total net assets
¥646,924
— (4,186) 5,257
36 (23) 22 (6)
35,596
¥683,621
— (1,196) (47,380)
3 (98) 51
2
(6,959) ¥628,044
Total net assets
$6,434,685
— (11,257) (445,971)
28 (922) 480
18
(65,502) $5,911,558
    Retained earnings
     Balance at April 1, 2016
Issuance of new shares—exercise of subscription rights to shares
Dividends paid
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Due to change in consolidated subsidiaries
Purchases of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchases of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Net changes of items other than owner’s equity during the year
Balance at March 31 and April 1, 2017
Issuance of new shares—exercise of subscription rights to shares
Dividends paid
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Due to change in consolidated subsidiaries
Purchases of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchases of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Net changes of items other than owner’s equity during the year
Balance at March 31, 2018
Balance at April 1, 2017
Issuance of new shares—exercise of subscription rights to shares
Dividends paid
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Due to change in consolidated subsidiaries
Purchases of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchases of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Net changes of items other than owner’s equity during the year
Balance at March 31, 2018
See accompanying notes.
¥(6,847)
¥
(39)
— — — — — — —
2,938
     (4,186) 5,257 36 —
(23) —
—
¥355,263
— (1,196) (47,380)
3 — (47) —
— ¥306,642
Retained earnings
$3,343,966
— (11,257) (445,971)
28
—— $2,886,314 $(64,071)
— — — (23) 45 —
—
¥(6,820)
12 — — — (98) 98 —
— ¥(6,807)
Treasury stock, at cost
$(64,194)
112 — — —
¥2,898
— — — — — — —
                  (16,453) (3,735) 3,006
 ¥ 37,873 ¥23,442
¥5,905
     Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
    10,605 (390,060)
Unrealized holding gains on available- for-sale securities, net of tax
$266,876
— — — — — — —
47,496 $314,382
Unrealized gains on hedging derivatives, net of tax
$ 511,351
— — — — — — —
Remeasure- Foreign ments of currency defined
translation benefit plans, adjustments net of tax
$255,817 $27,277
— — — — — — — — — — — — — —
      ¥
¥
5,348 5,257
2017 ¥10,605
8,768 13,070 2,463 2,944
4,100 31,347 ¥41,952
¥35,183 6,769
2017 ¥43.95 40.61 20.00
55,901 $ (445,971)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$(390,060)
54,960 (210,862) (7,275)
28,303
32,953 (101,920) $(491,980)
$(560,203) 68,213
U.S. dollars (Note 1)
          Millions of yen
   2018
¥(41,440)
5,839 (22,402) (773)
3,007
3,501 (10,828) ¥(52,268)
¥(59,516) 7,247
2018
¥(396.16) —
20.00
(922) 922 ——
    — (442)
(154,866) (35,156) 28,294
 $ 356,485
$220,651
$55,581
                   Yen
   2018
$(3.72) —
0.18
          Accordingly, net income, diluted net income and cash dividends applicable to the year per share have been recalculated on the assumption that the share consolidation took place at the beginning of the year ended March 31, 2017.
  78
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 79

 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
 Trade receivables
Inventories (2,423)
Trade payables
Others, net
Sub total
Interest and dividend income received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales and redemption of investment securities
Purchase of vessels, property and equipment and intangible assets Proceeds from sales of vessels, property and equipment and intangible assets Net decrease (increase) in short-term loans receivables
Disbursements for long-term loans receivables
Collections of long-term loans receivables
Others, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Net increase (decrease) in short-term bank loans Net increase (decrease) in commercial paper Proceeds from long-term bank loans Repayments of long-term bank loans
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Redemption of bonds
Cash dividends paid by the Company
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests Others, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Net cash increase (decrease) from new consolidation/de-consolidation
of subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year See accompanying notes.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$ (270,227)
815,408 — — 691,603 32,266 9,610 7,388 5,073
(137,772) 192,140
(126,797) (164,533)
44,145 (22,806) 58,527 (61,643)
1,072,420 175,658
(199,623) (122,430) 926,016
(388,629) 19,098
(1,341,961) 841,923
(263) (281,118)
207,944 (6,268) (949,275)
565,935 47,063 911,257
(1,197,966) —
(188,253) (11,426) (13,648) (25,950)
87,001 (37,885) 25,847
1,758,697
— $ 1,784,553
1. BASIS OF PRESENTING CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and its related accounting regulations, and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (together “Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards. The accounts of overseas subsidiaries are made revisions according to ASBJ PITF No. 18.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been restructured and translated into English (with some expanded descriptions) from the consolidated financial statements of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (the “Company”) prepared in accordance with Japanese GAAP and filed with the appropriate Local Finance Bureau of the Ministry of Finance as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. Some supplementary information included in the statutory Japanese language consolidated financial statements, but not required for fair presentation, is not presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
The translations of the Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollars are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan, using the prevailing exchange rate at March 31, 2018, which was ¥106.24 to U.S. $1.00. The convenience translations should not be construed as representations that the Japanese yen amounts have been, could have been, or could in the future be, converted into U.S. dollars at this or any other rate of exchange.
Yen figures less than a million yen are rounded down to the nearest million yen, except for per share data. U.S. dollar figures less than a thousand dollars are rounded down to the nearest thousand dollars, except for per share data. And, therefore, the totals shown in tables do not necessarily agree with the sums of the individual amounts.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(1) PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and 369 subsidiaries for the year ended March 31, 2018 (368 subsidiaries for the year ended March 31, 2017). All significant inter-company balances, transactions and all material unrealized profit within the consolidated group have been eliminated in consolidation.
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies are accounted for by the equity method. Companies accounted for using the equity method include 80 affiliated companies for the year ended March 31, 2018 (76 affiliated companies for the year ended March 31, 2017). Investments in other subsidiaries and affiliated companies were stated at cost since total revenues, total assets, the Company’s equity in net income and retained earnings and others in such companies were not material.
The difference between acquisition cost and net assets acquired is treated as goodwill and is amortized principally over 5 years on a straight-line basis.
Amortized amount is included in “Selling, general and administrative expenses” of the consolidated statements of operations.
(2) TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCY
Revenues earned and expenses incurred in currencies other than Japanese yen of the Company and its subsidiaries keeping their books in Japanese yen are translated into Japanese yen either at a monthly exchange rate or at the rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than Japanese yen are translated into yen at the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date.
Subsidiaries keeping their books in a currency other than Japanese yen translate the revenues and expenses and assets and liabilities in foreign currencies into the currency used for financial reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in their respective countries.
All the items in financial statements of subsidiaries, which are stated in currencies other than Japanese yen, were translated into Japanese yen at the year-end exchange rate, except for owners’ equity which is translated at historical rates. Translation differences arising from the application of more than one exchange rate are presented as foreign currency translation adjustments in the net assets section of the consolidated balance sheets.
(3) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
In preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash on hand, readily-available deposits and short-term highly liquid investments with maturities not exceeding three months at the time of purchase are considered to be cash and cash equivalents.
(4) FREIGHT REVENUES AND RELATED EXPENSES
1. Containerships
Freight revenues and the related voyage expenses are recognized by the multiple transportation progress method.
2. Vessels other than containerships
Freight revenues and the related voyage expenses are recognized mainly by the completed-voyage method.
        Cash flows from operating activities:
Income (loss) before income taxes
Adjustments to reconcile income (loss) before income taxes
to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss
Costs of business structural reforms
Loss related to business restructuring
Equity in losses (earnings) of affiliated companies, net
Various provisions (reversals)
Decrease (Increase) in net defined benefit assets
Increase (Decrease) in net defined benefit liabilities
Interest and dividend income
Interest expense
Loss (Gain) on sales and disposal of vessels, property and equipment
and intangible assets, net
Foreign exchange loss (gain)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
2018
(28,709)
86,629 — — 73,476 3,428 1,021 785 539
(14,637) 20,413
(13,471) (17,480)
6,218 (6,549)
113,934 18,662
(21,208) (13,007) 98,380
(41,288) 2,029
(142,570) 89,446
(28) (29,866)
22,092 (666) (100,851)
60,125 5,000 96,812
(127,272) —
(20,000) (1,214) (1,450) (2,757)
9,243 (4,025) 2,746
186,844
— ¥ 189,591
2017 ¥ 23,303
87,190 22,273 6,490 —
(5,543) (20,053)
1,996 (755) (11,939)
19,037
(3,938) (25,818)
(1,683) (8,691) (573) (51,690)
29,602
15,351 (18,778) (8,551)
17,623
(14,533) 27,738
(143,177) 71,350
(6,652) (21,374)
9,832
2,876 (73,941)
9,907 — 239,075
(119,252) 10,000
(45,000) (4,258) (1,018) (2,323)
87,129 (3,454)
27,357 159,449
37 ¥ 186,844
¥
4,690
                                 80
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 81

 (5) SECURITIES
Securities are classified into (a) securities held for trading purposes (hereafter, “trading securities”), (b) debt securities intended to be held to maturity (hereafter, “held-to-maturity debt securities”), (c) equity securities issued by subsidiaries and affiliated companies, or (d) for all other securities that are not classified in any of the above categories (hereafter, “available-for-sale securities”).
Trading securities are stated at fair market value. Unrealized gains and losses from market value fluctuations are recognized as gains or losses in the period of the change. Held-to-maturity debt securities are stated at amortized cost, net of the amount considered not collectible. Equity securities issued by subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not consolidated or accounted for using the equity method are stated at moving-average cost. Available-for-sale securities with fair market values are stated at fair market values, and the corresponding unrealized holding gains or losses, net of applicable income taxes, are reported as separate component of net assets. Available-for-sale securities of which fair value is not readily determinable are stated at moving-average cost.
(6) INVENTORIES
Inventories are stated principally at cost determined by the moving-average method (with regard to the book value of inventories on the balance sheet, by writing the inventories down based on their decrease in profitability of assets).
(7) DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
Depreciation of vessels and buildings is computed mainly by the straight-line method. Depreciation of other property and equipment is computed mainly by the declining-balance method. Amortization of intangible assets is computed by the straight- line method. Computer software is amortized by the straight-line method based principally on the length of period it can be used internally (five years).
Depreciation of finance lease that transfer ownership to lessees is computed mainly by the identical to depreciation method applied to self-owned non-current assets. Depreciation of finance lease that do not transfer ownership to lessees is computed mainly by straight-line method on the assumption that the lease term is the useful life and an estimated residual is zero.
(8) AMORTIZATION OF BOND ISSUE EXPENSE AND STOCK ISSUE EXPENSE
Bond issue expense and stock issue expense are charged to income as incurred.
(9) INTEREST CAPITALIZATION
In cases where a vessel’s construction period is long and the amount of interest accruing during this period is significant, such interest expenses are capitalized as a part of the acquisition cost which amounted to ¥1,462 million ($13,761 thousand) for the year ended March 31, 2018.
(10) ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS
Allowance for doubtful accounts is provided in an amount sufficient to cover probable losses on collection. It consists of the esti- mated uncollectible amount with respect to certain identified doubtful receivables and an amount calculated using the actual percentage of the Company’s collection losses.
(11) ALLOWANCE FOR BONUSES
Allowance for bonuses to employees is based on the estimated amount of future payments attributed to the fiscal year.
(12) ALLOWANCE FOR DIRECTORS’ BONUSES
The Company and several domestic consolidated subsidiaries record allowance for bonuses to directors based on the estimated amount of future payments.
(13) PROVISION FOR CONTRACT LOSS
The Company recognizes provision for contract loss to cover potential losses with higher probability for the future performance of contract due to a decision made over contract, etc.
(14) PROVISION FOR LOSS RELATED TO BUSINESS RESTRUCTURING
Provision for loss related to business restructuring is recorded for estimated losses arising from business restructurings to be carried out.
(15) DIRECTORS’ AND CORPORATE AUDITORS’ RETIREMENT BENEFITS
Some domestic subsidiaries of the company recognize liabilities for retirement benefits for directors and corporate auditors at an amount required in accordance with the internal regulations.
(16) RESERVE FOR PERIODIC DRYDOCKING
Reserve for periodic drydocking is based on the estimated amount of expenditures for periodic drydocking in the future.
(17) PROVISION FOR ENVIRONMENTAL MEASURES
Provision for environmental measures is based on the estimated amounts of future obligations associated with polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) waste.
(18) EMPLOYEES’ SEVERANCE AND RETIREMENT BENEFITS
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) recognized net defined benefit assets and net defined benefit liabilities for employees’ severance and retirement benefits based on the estimated amounts of projected benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets at end of the year. Projected benefit obligations are attributed to each period by the straight-line method.
Actuarial gains and losses are recognized in the statements of operations using the straight-line method over the average of the estimated remaining service lives of mainly 10 years commencing with the following period. Past service costs are chiefly accounted for as expenses in lump-sum at the time of occurrence.
(19) INCOME TAXES
The Group recognizes tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. The provision for income taxes is computed based on the pretax income included in the consolidated statements of operations. The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences.
(20) AMOUNTS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK
Net income per share of common stock is computed based upon the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the year.
Fully diluted net income per share of common stock assumes exercise of the outstanding stock options at the beginning of the year or at the date of issuance. For the year ended March 31, 2018 fully diluted net income per share is not disclosed because of the Company’s net loss position.
Cash dividends per share have been presented on an accrual basis and include dividends to be approved after the balance sheet date, but applicable to the year then ended.
(21) DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING
Companies are required to state derivative financial instruments at fair value and to recognize changes in the fair value as gains or losses unless derivative financial instruments are used for hedging purposes.
If derivative financial instruments are used as hedging instruments and meet certain hedging criteria, the Group defers recogni- tion of gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments until the related losses or gains on the hedged items are recognized.
If interest rate swap contracts are used as hedging instruments and meet certain hedging criteria, the net amount to be paid or received under the interest rate swap contract is added to or deducted from the interest on the assets or liabilities for which the swap contract was executed (“special treatment”).
If foreign exchange forward contracts are used as hedging instruments and meet certain hedging criteria, hedged foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated at the rate of these contracts (“allocation method”).
The following summarizes hedging derivative financial instruments used by the Group and items hedged:
Hedging instruments:
Loans payable in foreign currencies Forward foreign exchange contracts Currency option contracts
Currency swap contracts
Interest rate swap contracts
Interest rate cap contracts
Fuel oil swap contracts
Freight futures
Hedged items:
Foreign currency future transactions
Foreign currency future transactions
Foreign currency future transactions Charterage and foreign currency loans payable Interest on loans and bonds payable
Interest on loans
Fuel oil
Freight
The derivative transactions are executed and managed by the Company in accordance with the established policies in order to hedge the Group’s exposure to interest rate increases, fuel oil increases, freight decreases, and foreign currency exchange rate risk.
The Company evaluates hedge effectiveness by comparing the cumulative changes in cash flows from or the changes in fair value of hedged items and the cumulative changes in cash flows from or the changes in fair value of hedging instruments.
  82
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 83

 (22) STANDARDS AND GUIDANCE NOT YET ADOPTED
The following standards and guidance were issued but not yet adopted.
(Revenue Recognition)
“Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29, March 30, 2018)
“Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30, March 30, 2018)
I. Overview
The above standard and guidance provide comprehensive principles for revenue recognition. As a basic policy in developing the above standard, ASBJ adopted the basic principle of IFRS 15 from the viewpoint of comparability between financial statements, which is one of the benefits of convergence with IFRS 15.
II. Effective date
The Company will apply this standard and guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
III. Effects of the application of the standards
The Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries are currently in the process of determining the effects of these new standards on the consolidated financial statements.
(Tax Effect Accounting)
“Implementation Guidance on Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Guidance No. 28, February 16, 2018 (hereinafter, “Guidance No. 28”)) “Implementation Guidance on Recoverability of Deferred Tax Assets” (ASBJ Guidance No. 26 (revised 2018), February 16, 2018 (hereinafter, “Guidance No. 26”))
I. Overview
The above guidance was revised in regard to the treatments for taxable temporary differences for investments in subsidiaries within the context of non-consolidated financial statements, and to clarify the treatments in determining recoverability of deferred tax assets in a company which was categorized as ‘Type1’ according to the guidance.
II. Effective date
The Company will apply this standard and guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019.
III. Effects of the application of the standards
The Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries are currently in the process of determining the effects of these new standards on the consolidated financial statements.
(23) RECLASSIFICATIONS
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2018 presentation.
(24) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
(Establishment of Holding Company and Operating Company for New Integrated Container Shipping Business)
The Company, Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd., and Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha established the below holding company and operating company, based on the business integration contract and the shareholders agreement on October 31, 2016 to integrate the container shipping businesses (including worldwide terminal operation businesses outside Japan) of all three companies.
These two companies started their services on April 1, 2018.
II. Operating Company
Company name
Amount of Capital Shareholders/Contribution Ratio
Location
Date of Establishment
3. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd.
US$800 million
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. 31% Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha 38% The Company (including indirect investment) 31% Singapore
July 7, 2017
 Overview of New Companies
I. Holding Company
Company name
Amount of Capital Shareholders/Contribution Ratio
Location
Date of Establishment
Ocean Network Express Holdings, Ltd.
¥50 million ($470 thousand)
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. 31% Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha 38% The Company 31% Tokyo, Japan
July 7, 2017
(1) Qualitative information on financial instruments
I. Policies for using financial instruments
We raise capital investment funds to acquire vessels and other fixed assets primarily through bank loans and corporate bonds. In addition, we secure short-term operating funds primarily through bank loans. Furthermore, we have established commit- ment line with Japanese banks to maintain a sufficient amount of working capital and prepare supplementary liquidity for emergency situations.
Derivatives are utilized to hedge risks as discussed below and are executed within the scope of real requirements. Our policy is not to use derivatives for speculative purposes.
II. Details of financial instruments / Risk and its management
Trade receivables are exposed to the credit risks of customers. We strive to mitigate such risks in accordance with internal regulations. Besides, trade receivables denominated in foreign currencies are exposed to the foreign currency exchange rate risk. We avoid the risk mainly by, in principle, utilizing forward exchange contracts which cover the net position (The difference between trade receivables and trade payables dominated in foreign currencies).
Investment securities are mainly stocks of companies with which we have business relationships. These investment securities are exposed to the price fluctuation risk. We identify the market value of listed stocks on a quarterly basis.
Trade payables are due within a year.
Short-term bank loans and commercial papers are primarily used for raising short-term operating funds, while long-term bank loans and bonds are mainly for capital investments. Although several items with variable interest rates are exposed to the interest rate risk, a certain portion of such variable interest rates is fixed with the use of interest rate swaps or interest rate caps.
Long-term bank loans and bonds denominated in foreign currencies are exposed to the foreign currency exchange rate risk, a part of which is avoided by using currency swaps.
Our major derivative transactions and hedged risks are as follows.
* Forward foreign exchange contracts / Currency swap contracts:
To cover exchange volatility of foreign-currency-denominated trade receivables, trade payables, long-term bank loans, and
corporate bonds.
* Interest rate swap contracts / Interest rate cap contracts:
To avoid interest rate risk arising out of interest payment of long-term bank loans and corporate bonds.
* Fuel oil swap contracts:
To hedge fluctuation of fuel oil price.
With regard to the detail of hedge accounting (hedging instruments, hedged items, the way of evaluating hedge effectiveness), see Note 2 (21) to the consolidated financial statements.
Derivative transactions are executed and managed in accordance with our internal regulations and dealt only with highly rated financial institutions to mitigate credit risks.
On the other hand, as trade payables, bank loan payables, bonds, and commercial papers are exposed to the risk of financing for repayment, we manage the risk by planning cash management program monthly, having established commitment lines with several financial institutions, and adjusting funding period (balancing short-term/long-term combination), in consideration of market circumstances.
III. Supplemental information on fair value
Fair value of financial instruments that are actively traded in organized financial markets is determined by market value.
For those where there are no active markets, it is determined by reasonable estimation. Reasonably estimated value might vary
depending on condition of calculation as several variation factors are included in the calculation. On the other hand, derivative transactions mentioned in following (2) do not indicate the market risk of such derivatives.
  84
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 85

 (2) Fair values of financial instruments
Book values and fair values of the financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2018 were the following; Millions of yen
Book values and fair values of the financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2017 were the following; Millions of yen
    Book value
Fair value
Difference
¥ — — — —
— 3,896 ¥ 3,896
¥— — 1,354 17,708 ¥19,063
¥ (153)
        Book value
189,591 3,705 125,851 16,735
106,775 2,915 74,661 520,236
Fair value
Difference
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Time deposits with a maturity of more than three months Trade receivables
Short-term loans receivable
Investment securities
Available-for-sale securities Long-term loans receivable (*1) Total
Liabilities
Trade payables Short-term bank loans Bonds (*2)
Long-term bank loans (*3)
Total
Derivative financial instruments (*4)
*1 The book value of long-term loans receivable includes current portion amounting to ¥8,002 million.
*2 The book value of bonds includes current portion amounting to ¥20,000 million.
*3 The book value of long-term bank loans includes current portion amounting to ¥93,991 million.
*4 Amounts of derivative financial instruments are net of asset and liability. Negative amount stated with (
  ¥ 189,591 3,705 125,851 16,735
106,775 3,099 76,789
 ¥ 522,549
 ¥ 131,405 98,589 5,000 209,668 801,041
 ¥1,245,705
 ¥ 8,484
    Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Time deposits with a maturity of more than three months Trade receivables
Short-term loans receivable
Investment securities
Available-for-sale securities
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies Long-term loans receivable (*1)
Total
Liabilities
Trade payables
Short-term bank loans Commercial paper
Bonds (*2)
Long-term bank loans (*3)
Total
Derivative financial instruments (*4)
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Time deposits with a maturity of more than three months Trade receivables
Short-term loans receivable
Investment securities
Available-for-sale securities
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies Long-term loans receivable (*1)
Total
Liabilities
Trade payables
Short-term bank loans Commercial paper
Bonds (*2)
Long-term bank loans (*3)
Total
Derivative financial instruments (*4)
¥
¥ ¥
¥
— — — —
¥
¥ ¥
186,844 3,101 130,420 17,262
98,675
70,799 507,103
¥ 186,844 3,101 130,420 17,262
98,675 74,695
    ¥ 510,999
       ¥ 125,118 39,163 231,949 849,862
   131,405 98,589 5,000 207,620 788,895 ¥1,231,509 ¥ 8,615
— 184 2,128 ¥ 2,313
¥— — — 2,048 12,146 ¥14,195
¥ (131)
Difference
$ — — — —
— 1,731 20,030 $ 21,771
$— — — 19,277 114,326 $133,612
$ (1,233)
125,118 39,163 230,595 832,154 ¥1,227,031 ¥ 18,745
    ¥1,246,094
    ¥ 18,592
                Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1) Fair value
) means that the net amount is liability.
The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the assets and liabilities measured at the fair value.
   Book value
Cash and cash equivalents, Time deposits with a maturity of more than three months, Trade receivables and
Short-term loans receivable
The fair value of above assets is evaluated at the book value because they are settled within a short term period and the fair value is almost equal to book value.
Investment securities
The fair value of stocks is evaluated at market prices at stock exchange as at the end of the years and the fair value of bonds is evaluated at market prices at the stock exchange or at the value provided by financial institutions as at the end of the years.
Long-term loans receivable
The fair value of long-term loans receivable with variable interest rates is evaluated at the book value because the interest rate reflects the market rate in a short term and the fair value is almost equal to the book value, unless the creditworthiness of the borrower has changed significantly because the loan was made. The fair value of long-term loans receivable with fixed interest rates, for each category of loans based on the type of loans, and maturity length, is evaluated by discounting the total amount of principal and interest using the rate which would apply if similar loans were newly made.
Trade payables and Short-term bank loans
The fair value of above liabilities is evaluated at the book value because they are settled within a short term period and the fair value is almost equal to the book value.
Bonds
The fair value of corporate bonds is evaluated on their market price.
  $ 1,784,553 34,873 1,184,591 157,520
1,005,035 29,169 722,788
 $ 4,918,571
 $ 1,236,869 927,983 47,063 1,973,531 7,539,919
 $11,725,385
 $ 79,856
     $
$ $
1,784,553 34,873 1,184,591 157,520
1,005,035 27,437 702,757 4,896,799
         1,236,869 927,983 47,063 1,954,254 7,425,592 $11,591,763 $ 81,089
            *1 The book value of long-term loans receivable includes current portion amounting to ¥1,257 million ($11,831 thousand).
*2 The book value of bonds includes current portion amounting to ¥31,872 million ($300,000 thousand).
*3 The book value of long-term bank loans includes current portion amounting to ¥81,950 million ($771,366 thousand).
*4 Amounts of derivative financial instruments are net of asset and liability. Negative amount stated with ( ) means that the net amount is liability.
  86
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 87

 Long-term bank loans
The fair value of long-term bank loans with variable interest rates is evaluated at the book value because the interest rate reflects the market rate in a short term and there has been no significant change in the Company’s creditworthiness before and after such bank loans were made. The fair value of long-term bank loans with fixed interest rates, for each category of bank loans based on types of bank loans, and maturity length, is evaluated by discounting the total amount of principal and interest using the rate which would apply if similar bank loans were newly made. The fair value of long-term bank loans qualifying for allocation method of currency swap is evaluated at the book value because such bank loans were deemed as the variable interest rates bank loans and the interest rate reflects the market rate in a short term.
At March 31, 2017, the aggregate annual maturity of monetary claims and securities was as follows; Millions of yen
      Within a year ¥186,844 3,101 130,420 17,262
—
Available-for-sale securities (Corporate bonds)
Long-term loans receivable
Total ¥345,631
4. SECURITIES
After one year through five years
After five years through ten years
After ten years ¥ — — — —
—
— 53,158 ¥53,158
  ¥— — — —
10 200 3,853
 ¥— — — —
—
— 5,785
 ¥4,063
  ¥5,785
  Derivative financial instruments
Please refer to Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
The following table summarizes financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to estimate. Millions of yen
Cash and cash equivalents
Time deposits with a maturity of more than three months Trade receivables
Short-term loans receivable
Marketable securities and investments securities
Available-for-sale securities (Governmental/municipal bonds)
 — 8,002
          Book value
2018
Book value 2017
¥ 7,662 125,628 11 ¥133,302
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Book value
2018
$ 73,249 1,478,190 84 $1,551,543
       Unlisted stocks
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies
Others 9 Total ¥164,836
A. The following tables summarize acquisition costs, book values and fair values of securities with available fair values at March 31, 2018 and 2017.
¥ 7,782 157,043
           The above items are not included in the amount presented under the line “Investments securities” in the table summarizing fair value of financial instruments, because the fair value is extremely difficult to estimate as they have no quoted market price and the future cash flow cannot be estimated.
Available-for-sale securities:
Securities with book values exceeding acquisition costs at March 31, 2018
Type
Equity securities Bonds
10 200 Total ¥43,594
Millions of yen Book value
Difference
¥53,065
0
8 ¥53,073
Difference
$499,482
0 75 $499,557
Difference ¥45,291
0 11 ¥45,303
    Acquisition cost
¥43,384
  ¥96,449
10 208
 ¥96,668
    At March 31, 2018, the aggregate annual maturity of monetary claims and securities was as follows; Millions of yen
Governmental/municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
        Cash and cash equivalents
Time deposits with a maturity of more than three months Trade receivables
Short-term loans receivable
Marketable securities and investments securities
Available-for-sale securities (Governmental/municipal bonds)
Available-for-sale securities (Corporate bonds)
Long-term loans receivable
Total ¥337,141
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Within a year
¥189,591 3,705 125,851 16,735
—
Within a year
$1,784,553 34,873 1,184,591 157,520
—
After one year through five years
After five years through ten years
After ten years
¥ — — — —
—
— 59,568 ¥59,568
After ten years
$ — — — —
—
— 560,692 $560,692
     ¥— — — —
10 200 2,787
 ¥— — — —
—
— 11,048
 ¥2,997
   ¥11,048
          $907,840
94 1,957
 $909,902
    — 1,257
Type Acquisition cost Equity securities $408,358 Bonds
Governmental/municipal bonds 94
Corporate bonds 1,882 Total $410,335
Securities with book values exceeding acquisition costs at March 31, 2017
Type Acquisition cost Equity securities ¥43,974 Bonds
Governmental/municipal bonds 10
Corporate bonds 200 Total ¥44,184
Book value
Millions of yen Book value
              Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
       After one year through five years
After five years through ten years
  ¥89,266
10 211
 ¥89,488
    $— — — —
94 1,882 26,233
 $— — — —
—
— 103,990
 $28,209
   $103,990
    Cash and cash equivalents
Time deposits with a maturity of more than three months Trade receivables
Short-term loans receivable
Marketable securities and investments securities
Available-for-sale securities (Governmental/municipal bonds)
Available-for-sale securities (Corporate bonds)
Long-term loans receivable
Total $3,173,390
      — 11,831
        88
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 89

 Securities with book values not exceeding acquisition costs at March 31, 2018
Type
Equity securities Total
Type
Equity securities
Total $106,861
Securities with book values not exceeding acquisition costs at March 31, 2017
Type
Equity securities
Total ¥11,065
Millions of yen Book value
6. DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS
The Group enters into derivative transactions to hedge the Group’s exposure to interest rate increases, fuel oil increases, freight decreases, and currency exchange fluctuations, in accordance with the guidance determined by the management of the Company.
I. Hedge accounting not applied
The following tables summarize the outstanding contract amounts and fair values of financial derivatives of the Group at March 31, 2018 and 2017, for which hedge accounting has not been applied.
     Acquisition cost
¥11,353 ¥11,353
Difference
¥(1,245) ¥(1,245)
Difference
$(11,718) $(11,718)
Difference ¥(1,878)
¥(1,878)
  ¥10,107
 ¥10,107
           Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
    Acquisition cost
Book value
Millions of yen Book value
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥749 ¥1,563 35
¥32 ¥41 (0) 0
¥23 ¥24 0 (0)
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥19,721 ¥22,825 (993) (1,684)
¥14,202 ¥15,590 (881) (615)
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥ — ¥ 375 — (167)
¥205 ¥ 239 28 (7)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$7,050 28
$ 301 0
$ 216 0
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$185,626 (9,346)
$133,678 (8,292)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$— —
$1,929 263
  $95,133
 $95,133
    $106,861
                 Acquisition cost ¥11,065
(1) Currency related:
Forward currency exchange contracts Sell (U.S. dollar):
Contracts outstanding
Fair values Buy (U.S. dollar):
Contracts outstanding
Fair values Buy (Others):
Contracts outstanding Fair values
(2) Interest related
Interest rate swaps
Receive floating, pay fixed
Contracts outstanding
Fair values
Receive fixed, pay floating
Contracts outstanding Fair values
(3) Others
a. Fuel oil swaps
Receive floating, pay fixed
Contracts outstanding
Fair values b. Freight futures
Contracts outstanding Fair values
   ¥9,186
 ¥9,186
      B. Total sales of available-for-sale securities sold in the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 and the related gains and losses were as follows:
               Proceeds from sales Gross realized gains Gross realized losses
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥1,145 ¥3,346 687 2,249 3 406
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$10,777 6,466 28
             C. Impairment losses of securities
For the year ended March 31, 2018, the Company reduced the book value on the securities and booked the reductions as impairment losses of ¥255 million ($2,400 thousand).
For the year ended March 31, 2017, the Company reduced the book value on the securities and booked the reductions as impairment losses of ¥12 million.
With regard to the impairment losses, the Company principally reduces the book value on the securities to the amount which is considered the recoverability, etc. in the event the fair market value declines more than 50% in comparison with the acquisition cost.
       5. INVENTORIES
Inventories as at March 31, 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:
Fuel and supplies Others
Total
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥37,483 ¥34,684 1,196 1,674 ¥38,679 ¥36,358
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$352,814 11,257 $364,071
                                Note: Fair values are measured based on forward exchange rates prevailing at the end of the year and information provided by financial institutions, etc.
  90
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 91

 II. Hedge accounting applied
The following tables summarize the outstanding contract amounts and fair values of financial derivatives of the Group at March 31, 2018 and 2017, for which hedge accounting has been applied.
7. SHORT-TERM DEBT AND LONG-TERM DEBT
(1) SHORT-TERM DEBT
Short-term debt at March 31, 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:
   Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥ 48,752 ¥ 67,676 148 136
¥ 32,175 ¥ 62,955 (398) (989)
¥ 3,126 ¥ 5,078 (441) (906)
¥183,823 ¥164,416 25,498 40,852
¥247,064 ¥282,032 (15,025) (18,207)
¥ 20,567 ¥ 23,892 77 (47)
¥ 2,935 ¥ 5,917 593 378
¥37 ¥— 7 —
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥20,450 ¥20,617 — —
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥1,943 ¥6,285 — —
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1) 2018
Millions of yen
2018
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
      2018
    (1) Deferred hedge accounting
a. Forward currency exchange contracts to hedge the risk for the foreign currency transactions
Sell (U.S. dollar):
Contracts outstanding
Fair values Buy (U.S. dollar):
Contracts outstanding
Fair values
b. Currency swaps contracts to hedge the risk for charterages
Sell (U.S. dollar): Contracts outstanding Fair values
Buy (U.S. dollar): Contracts outstanding Fair values
c. Interest rate swaps to hedge the risk for the long-term bank loans and charterages
Receive floating, pay fixed Contracts outstanding Fair values
d. Interest rate caps to hedge the risk for the long-term bank loans Buy
Contracts outstanding
Fair values
e. Fuel oil swaps to hedge the risk for the fuel oil
Receive floating, pay fixed Contracts outstanding Fair values
f. Freight futures to hedge the risk for the freight Contracts outstanding
Fair values
(2) Special treatment
Interest rate swaps to hedge the risk for the long-term bank loans Receive floating, pay fixed
Contracts outstanding Fair values
(3) Allocation method
Currency swaps to hedge the risk for the foreign bonds and long-term bank loans Contracts outstanding
Fair values
2017
¥39,163 $927,984
    Short-term bank loans
Commercial paper
Total ¥103,589
¥ 98,589
5,000 — 47,063
    $ $
$
458,885 1,393
302,852 (3,746)
29,423 (4,150)
¥39,163 $975,047 Average interest rates on short-term bank loans at March 31, 2018 and 2017 were 1.49% and 0.88%, respectively.
      Average interest rates on commercial paper at March 31, 2018 were –0.02%.
(2) LONG-TERM DEBT
Long-term debt at March 31, 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:
Bonds:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$— 300,000 174,134 94,126 200,000 141,189 167,545 47,063 81,890 94,126 141,189 277,673 141,189 94,126
771,367
6,654,217 9,379,838 1,071,367
$8,308,471
    $1,730,261 240,003
$2,325,527 (141,425)
$ 193,589 724
$ 27,626 5,581
$ 348 65
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1) 2018
$192,488 —
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1) 2018
$18,288 —
2018
2017
20,000 33,657 18,500 10,000 22,438 15,000 17,800
5,000
8,700 10,000 15,000 29,500 15,000 10,000
93,991
738,163 1,062,749 113,991 ¥ 948,758
    0.461% yen bonds due July 12, 2017 ¥ — 0.000% U.S. dollars bonds due April 24, 2018(*) 31,872 1.999% yen bonds due May 27, 2019 18,500 1.673% yen bonds due September 13, 2019 10,000 0.000% U.S. dollars bonds due April 24, 2020(*) 21,248 1.398% yen bonds due May 28, 2020 15,000 1.361% yen bonds due June 21, 2021 17,800 1.652% yen bonds due May 27, 2022 5,000 1.139% yen bonds due July 12, 2022 8,700 1.071% yen bonds due January 23, 2023 10,000 0.845% yen bonds due March 4, 2024 15,000 0.970% yen bonds due June 19, 2024 29,500 0.803% yen bonds due March 3, 2025 15,000 0.850% yen bonds due December 15, 2031 10,000
Long-term bank loans due within one year:
Long-term bank loans due within one year at average interest rate of
1.50% and 1.22% at March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively 81,950
Long-term bank loans due after one year:
Long-term bank loans due through 2076 at average interest rate of
2.00% and 1.73% at March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively 706,944
¥
                  Amount due within one year
* Zero coupon convertible bonds, details are as follows. The 2018 Bonds
996,514
113,822 ¥882,692
                  (1) Exercise period (2) Conversion price
From May 8, 2014 to April 10 2018 U.S.$53.10 per share
The 2020 Bonds
From May 8, 2014 to April 9, 2020 U.S.$47.80 per share
                92
Notes: 1. Fair values are measured based on forward exchange rates prevailing at the end of the year and information provided by financial institutions, etc.
2. Interest rate swaps which special treatment are applied to are recorded as the combined amount of such interest rate swaps and their hedge items. Therefore,
their fair values are included in fair values of such hedge items.
3. Currency swaps which allocation method are applied to are recorded as the combined amount of such currency swaps and their hedge items. Therefore, their
fair values are included in fair values of such hedge items. Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 93

 At March 31, 2018, the aggregate annual maturity of long-term debt was as follows:
Year ending March 31 2019
2020
2021
2022 2023 2024 Total
Millions of yen
¥113,822 120,299 113,124 111,673
78,228 459,365 ¥996,514
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
$1,071,366 1,132,332 1,064,796 1,051,138
736,332 4,323,842 $9,379,838
9. NET ASSETS
Net assets comprises four sections, which are the owners’ equity, accumulated other comprehensive income, share subscription rights and non-controlling interests.
Under the Japanese Companies Act (”the Act”) and regulations, the entire amount paid for new shares is required to be desig- nated as common stock. However, a company may, by a resolution of the board of directors, designate an amount not exceeding one-half of the price of the new shares as additional paid-in-capital, which is included in capital surplus.
Under the Act, in cases where a dividend distribution of surplus is made, the smaller of an amount equal to 10% of the dividend or the excess, if any, of 25% of common stock over the total of additional paid-in-capital and legal earnings reserve must be set aside as additional paid-in-capital or legal earnings reserve. Legal earnings reserve is included in retained earnings in the accompa- nying consolidated balance sheets.
Under the Act, appropriations (legal earnings reserve and additional paid-in-capital could be used to eliminate or reduce a deficit or could be capitalized ) generally require a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting.
     and thereafter
        (3) ASSETS PLEDGED AND SECURED DEBT
At March 31, 2018 and 2017, the following assets were pledged as collateral for short-term debt and long-term debt.
(A) SHARES ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
Changes in number of shares issued and outstanding during the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as
 Assets pledged
Vessels ¥240,140
Shares of common stock ( Thousands)
1,206,286 — — 1,206,286 —
(1,085,657) 120,628
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥2,026 ¥2,447 ¥2,026 ¥2,447
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$2,260,353 150,997 525,028 $2,936,389
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$ 134,487 1,749,397 $1,883,885
follows:
Shares of treasury stock ( Thousands)
10,222 84
(75) 10,231 72
(9,269) 1,034
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$19,070 $19,070
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
$11,257 $11,257
   2018
2017 ¥216,193 — 83,029 ¥299,222
    Vessels and other property under construction
Investment securities
Total ¥311,962
Balance at April 1, 2016 Increase during the year Decrease during the year
Balance at March 31 and April 1, 2017 Increase during the year
Decrease during the year(*)
Balance at March 31, 2018
* The Company consolidated its common shares (ten shares into one shares), effective October 1, 2017.
(B) SHARE SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS
Share subscription rights at March 31, 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:
Stock options Total
(C) DIVIDENDS
(1) Dividends paid for the year ended March 31, 2018 were as follows: Approved at the board of directors held on October 31, 2017
(2) Dividends included in the retained earnings at March 31, 2018 and to be paid in subsequent periods were as follows:
16,042 55,779
                   Secured debt
Long-term bank loans due within one year Long-term bank loans due after one year Total
8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
(A) COMMITMENT
2017 ¥ 12,175 160,119 ¥200,144 ¥172,294
Millions of yen
   2018
       ¥ 14,288 185,856
                        At March 31, 2018 and 2017, certain subsidiaries had loan commitment agreements. The nonexercised portion of loan commit- ments was as follows:
           Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥15,404 ¥16,267 15,404 16,267
¥ —
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
       Total loan limits
Loan executions
The nonexercised portion of loan commitments
(B) CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
$144,992 144,992 ¥ — $ —
¥1,196 Total ¥1,196
                      At March 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable mainly as guarantors or co-guarantors of indebtedness of related and other companies in the aggregate amount of ¥132,844 million ($1,250,414 thousand) and ¥159,430 million, respectively.
U.S. dollars-denominated liabilities were included in the above amount, which were $1,112,045 thousand and $1,260,875 thousand respectively.
Approved at the shareholders’ meeting held on June 26, 2018 Total
Millions of yen
¥1,195 ¥1,195
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
$11,248 $11,248
              94
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 95

 10. BREAKDOWN OF LOSS RELATED TO BUSINESS RESTRUCTURING
For the year ended March 31, 2018, in relation to the integration of the container shipping businesses, the Company recognized loss related to business restructuring, which was consisted of ¥4,412 million ($41,528 thousand) for temporary cost relating to the liquidation of the Company’s agencies, ¥64,280 million ($605,045 thousand) for losses related to charter contracts, and ¥4,783 million ($45,020 thousand) for other losses.
11. LEASES
AS LESSEE:
FUTURE LEASE PAYMENTS UNDER OPERATING LEASES FOR ONLY NON-CANCELABLE CONTRACTS AT MARCH 31, 2018 AND 2017:
13. SEGMENT AND RELATED INFORMATION
  (A) SEGMENT INFORMATION:
Reportable segment
Product Transport Business
Millions of yen
                   Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥ 34,784 ¥ 45,021 255,730 284,385 ¥290,515 ¥329,407
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
For the year ended March 31, 2018:
1. Revenues:
(1) Revenues from customers (2) Inter-segment revenues
Total revenues Segment income (loss) Segment assets
2. Others
Depreciation and amortization
Amortization of goodwill Interest income
Interest expense
Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliated companies, net
Energy Dry Bulk Transport Business Business
¥272,956 ¥262,245 3 8,712
¥272,960 ¥270,957
¥ 15,414 ¥ 13,633
¥341,638 ¥866,429
¥ 11,749 ¥ 37,105 — 22 1,152 4,565 2,863 13,190
Container Ships
¥749,714 1,909
¥751,624
¥ (10,691)
¥384,612
Car Carries, Ferries and Coastal RoRo Ships
¥261,171 234
¥261,406
¥ 4,363
¥263,983
¥ 15,758 — 116 1,221
Associated businesses
¥ 90,095 28,366
¥118,462
¥ 12,657
¥422,008
¥ 9,143 159 44 1,331
277
— 2,218
5,967
Sub Total
¥1,636,184 39,226
¥1,675,410
¥ 35,378
¥2,278,672
¥ 85,282 182 7,005 20,189
(2,421)
Others Total
¥ 16,208 ¥1,652,393 6,305 45,531
¥ 22,514 ¥1,697,925
¥ 2,601 ¥ 37,980
¥347,336 ¥2,626,008
¥ 361 ¥ 85,644 — 182 2,928 9,933 1,951 22,141
(1,007) (3,428)
Adjustment and elimination
¥— (45,531)
¥ (45,531)
¥ (6,506)
¥(400,372)
Consolidated
¥1,652,393 —
¥1,652,393
¥ 31,473
¥2,225,636
¥ 86,629 182 7,976 20,413
(3,428)
73,476 141,448
149,195
Consolidated
$15,553,397 —
$15,553,397
$ 296,244
$20,949,134
$ 815,408 1,713 75,075 192,140
(32,266)
691,603 1,331,400
1,404,320
           Amount due within one year Amount due after one year Total
AS LESSOR:
327,409 2,407,097
¥
11,525 0 1,126 1,581
¥
985 — (1,957)
(1,727)
—
— —
612
$ $2,734,516
            FUTURE LEASE INCOME UNDER OPERATING LEASES FOR ONLY NON-CANCELABLE CONTRACTS AT MARCH 31, 2018 AND 2017:
(4,507) 8,240 restructuring — —
(6,808) 377
73,476 — 35,751 2,776
21,735 26,773
Reportable segment
 Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$150,677 325,960 ¥50,639 ¥52,674 $476,647
Millions of yen
2018
Loss related to business
       Amount due within one year Amount due after one year Total
12. RENTAL PROPERTIES
¥16,008 34,630
2017 ¥17,716 34,958
Investment in affiliates
Increase in vessels, property and equipment and intangible assets
For the year ended March 31, 2018:
1. Revenues:
(1) Revenues from customers (2) Inter-segment revenues
Total revenues Segment income (loss) Segment assets
2. Others
Depreciation and amortization
Amortization of goodwill Interest income
Interest expense
Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliated companies, net
15,784 84,547
5,912 87,430
Energy Dry Bulk Transport Business Business
$2,569,239 $2,468,420 28 82,003
$2,569,277 $2,550,423
$ 145,086 $ 128,322
$3,215,719 $8,155,393
$ 110,589 $ 349,256 — 207 10,843 42,968 26,948 124,152
73,476 — 73,476 141,078 369 141,448
147,819 763 148,582
               Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
  The Company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries own real estate for office lease (including lands) in Tokyo, Osaka and other areas.
Product Transport Business
      Information about the book value and the fair value of such rental properties was as follows: Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$2,866,773 (46,714)
2,820,058 4,433,574
Container Ships
$7,056,795 17,968
$7,074,774
$ (100,630)
$3,620,218
$ 108,480 0 10,598 14,881
Car Carries, Ferries and Coastal RoRo Ships
$2,458,311 2,202
$2,460,523
$ 41,067
$2,484,779
$ 148,324 — 1,091 11,492
Associated businesses
$ 848,032 266,999
$1,115,041
$ 119,135
$3,972,213
$ 86,059 1,496 414 12,528
2,607
— 20,877
56,165
Sub Total
$15,400,828 369,220
$15,770,048
$ 333,000
$21,448,343
$ 802,729 1,713 65,935 190,032
(22,788)
691,603 1,327,917
1,391,368
Others Total
$ 152,560 $15,553,397 59,346 428,567
$ 211,916 $15,981,974
$ 24,482 $ 357,492
$3,269,352 $24,717,695
$ 3,397 $ 806,137 — 1,713 27,560 93,495 18,364 208,405
(9,478) (32,266)
— 691,603 3,473 1,331,400
7,181 1,398,550
Adjustment and elimination
$— (428,567)
$ (428,567)
$ (61,238)
$(3,768,561)
          For the year ended March 31 Book value
Balance at beginning of the year Changes during the year Balance at end of the year
Fair value at end of the year
2018
¥304,566 (4,963)
299,603 471,023
2017
¥311,092 (6,525)
304,566 458,710
                  Notes: 1. Book value is the acquisition cost, net of accumulated depreciation.
2. Of changes during the year ended March 31, 2017, the primary decrease was mainly due to the depreciation of existing properties (¥7,292 million).
3. Of changes during the year ended March 31, 2018, the primary increase was mainly due to the additional acquisition of land for provisionally named
“Akihabara project” (¥546 million ($5,139 thousand)), while the primary decrease was mainly due to the depreciation of existing properties (¥6,834 million
$
9,271 — (18,420)
(16,255)
—
— —
5,760
($64,326 thousand)).
4. Fair value is mainly based on the amount appraised by outside independent real estate appraisers.
In addition, information for rental revenue and expense from rental properties was as follows: Millions of yen
(42,422) 77,560 restructuring — —
(64,081) 3,548
691,603 — 336,511 26,129
204,583 252,004
   Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$290,559 167,686 $122,872
Loss related to business
         Rental revenue Rental expense Difference
2018
¥30,869 17,815 ¥13,054
2017 ¥30,245 17,844 ¥12,400
Investment in affiliates
Increase in vessels, property and equipment and intangible assets
148,569
55,647
795,811
822,948
             Note: Rental revenue is mainly recorded as “shipping and other revenues” and rental expense (depreciation expense, repairs and maintenance fee, utilities, personnel cost, tax and public charge, etc.) is mainly recorded as “shipping and other expenses.”
  96
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 97

 Reportable segment
Product Transport Business
Millions of yen
(B) RELATED INFORMATION:
(1) Information about geographic areas:
In our core marine transportation business, the areas which services are provided are not necessarily consistent with the location of our customers.
       Dry Bulk For the year ended March 31, 2017: Business
1. Revenues:
(1) Revenues from customers ¥267,864 (2) Inter-segment revenues 14
Total revenues ¥267,879
Segment income (loss) ¥ 11,977
Segment assets ¥371,411
2. Others
Depreciation and
amortization ¥ 12,944
Amortization of goodwill — Interest income 846 Interest expense 3,163
Equity in earnings
(losses) of affiliated
companies, net (4,550)
Investment in affiliates 19,053
Increase in vessels,
property and
equipment and
intangible assets 13,709
*1. *2. (1)
Energy Transport Business
¥257,834 8,378
¥266,212
¥ 26,499
¥845,984
Container Ships
¥620,714 1,816
¥622,531
¥ (32,864)
¥388,029
¥ 12,130 0 895 1,728
Car Carries, Ferries and Coastal RoRo Ships
¥250,648 181
¥250,830
¥ 4,839
¥265,906
¥ 14,134 — 36 1,279
Associated businesses
¥ 90,025 27,518
¥117,543
¥ 12,337
¥415,399
¥ 9,395 164 43 1,436
226 2,139
4,937
Sub Total
¥1,487,087 37,909
¥1,524,997
¥ 22,789
¥2,286,731
¥ 85,564 185 5,117 19,197
6,373 111,750
140,584
Others
¥ 17,286 6,658
¥ 23,944
¥ 2,051
¥371,328
¥ 433 0 2,119 1,076
(829) 1,049
253
Total
¥1,504,373 44,568
¥1,548,941
¥ 24,840
¥2,658,060
¥ 85,997 186 7,236 20,274
5,543 112,799
140,838
Adjustment and elimination
¥— (44,568)
¥ (44,568)
¥ 585
¥(440,531)
¥ 1,192 — (1,318)
(1,237)
Consolidated
¥1,504,373 —
¥1,504,373
¥ 25,426
¥2,217,528
¥ 87,190 186 5,918 19,037
Therefore, revenues by geographic areas are revenues by geographic areas of each company’s registration. Millions of yen
             For the year ended March 31, 2018: Japan Revenues ¥1,442,585
North America
North America
North America
Europe
Asia
Others
Others
Others
Consolidated
¥1,652,393 ¥1,290,929
Consolidated
$15,553,397 $12,151,063
  ¥31,806
  ¥39,369
  ¥136,530
  ¥ 2,101
 ¥45,382
  ¥ 2,955
  ¥219,260
  ¥38,720
     ¥ 984,611
For the year ended March 31, 2018:
Revenues $13,578,548
Vessels, property and equipment
              Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
      Japan
Europe
Europe
Millions of yen
¥—
Millions of yen
¥1,845
Asia
Asia
  $299,378
  $370,566
  $1,285,109
  $ 19,775
 $427,164
  $ 27,814
  $2,063,817
  $364,457
    ¥
36,958 21 3,295 11,589
10,341 75,474
63,617
 Vessels, property and equipment
$ 9,267,799
        (4) 360 12,635 2,448
28,307 30,011
— 5,543 — 112,799
955 141,793
For the year ended March 31, 2017:
Revenues ¥1,264,121
Japan ¥1,020,253
Consolidated ¥1,504,373 ¥1,323,665
Consolidated ¥22,273
Consolidated
¥1,890
Consolidated
$17,789
Millions of yen
             ¥27,570
¥32,195
¥180,063
¥ 422
     Vessels, property and equipment
¥43,966
¥ 2,975
¥220,888
¥35,581
         (2) Information about impairment loss by reportable segment:
   “Others” primarily consists of business segments that are not included in reportable segments, such as the ship operations business, the ship management business, the ship chartering business, the financing business and the shipbuilding business.
Adjustment in Segment income (loss) of –¥6,506 million ($61,238 thousand) include the following: –¥11,610 million (–$109,280 thousand) of corporate profit which is not allocated to segments, ¥5,998 million ($56,457 thousand) of adjustment for management accounting and –¥895 million (–$8,424 thousand) of inter-segment transaction elimination.
Energy Dry Bulk Transport Business Business
Reportable segment Product Transport Business
Container Ships
                  (2) Adjustment in Segment assets of –¥400,372 million (–$3,768,561 thousand) include the following: ¥12,378 million ($116,509 thousand) of assets which are not allocated to segments and –¥412,750 million (–$3,885,071 thousand) of inter-segment transaction elimination.
(3) Adjustment in Depreciation and amortization of ¥985 million ($9,271 thousand) include the following: ¥985 million ($9,271 thousand) of depreciation of assets which are not allocated to segments.
(4) Adjustment in Interest income of –¥1,957 million (-$18,420 thousand) include the following: ¥3,263 million ($30,713 thousand) of interest income which is not allocated to segments and –¥5,221 million (–$49,143 thousand) of inter-segment transaction elimination.
(5) Adjustment in Interest expenses of –¥1,727 million (–$16,255 thousand) include the following: ¥7,270 million ($68,429 thousand) of interest expenses which are not allocated to segments, –¥3,773 million (–$35,513 thousand) of adjustment for management accounting and –¥5,223 million (–$49,162 thousand) of inter- segment transaction elimination.
(6) Adjustment in Increase of tangible / intangible fixed assets of ¥612 million ($5,760 thousand) is increase of tangible / intangible fixed assets which are not allocated to segments.
Management has decided not to allocate liabilities to segments. Therefore segment information regarding liabilities is not disclosed.
Segment income (loss) corresponds to Ordinary income in the consolidated statements of operations.
(1) Adjustment in Segment income (loss) of ¥585 million include the following: –¥4,578 million of corporate profit which is not allocated to segments, ¥6,312 million
of adjustment for management accounting and –¥1,148 million of inter-segment transaction elimination.
(2) Adjustment in Segment assets of –¥440,531 million include the following: ¥14,715 million of assets which are not allocated to segments and –¥455,246 million of
inter-segment transaction elimination.
(3) AdjustmentinDepreciationandamortizationof¥1,192millionincludethefollowing:¥1,192millionofdepreciationofassetswhicharenotallocatedtosegments. (4) Adjustment in Interest income of –¥1,318 million include the following: ¥2,522 million of interest income which is not allocated to segments and –¥3,840 million
of inter-segment transaction elimination.
(5) Adjustment in Interest expenses of –¥1,237 million include the following: ¥5,604 million of interest expenses which are not allocated to segments, –¥2,999 million
of adjustment for management accounting and –¥3,842 million of inter-segment transaction elimination.
(6) Adjustment in Increase of tangible/intangible fixed assets of ¥955 million is increase of tangible/intangible fixed assets which are not allocated to segments.
As a result of the reorganization implemented on April 1, 2017, we changed the business domains from “Bulkships,”“Containerships,”“Ferries and Coastal RoRo Ships” and “Associated Businesses” to “Dry Bulk Business,”“Energy Transport Business,”“Product Transport Business” and “Associated Businesses.” The following figures for the fiscal year ended March 31,2017 are restated by performing reclassification to conform to the business domains in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
For the year ended March 31, 2017: Impairment loss
¥22,273
¥—
¥—
Car Carries, Ferries and Coastal RoRo Ships
Associated Businesses
Sub total
Others
Adjustment and elimination
          ¥896 ¥370
Note: There was no material impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2018.
¥21,007 ¥—
          (3) Information about goodwill by reportable segment:
          *3. *4. *5.
*6.
For the year ended March 31, 2018:
Goodwill at the end of current year
For the year ended March 31, 2018:
Goodwill at the end of current year
Energy Dry Bulk Transport Business Business
¥— ¥44
Energy Dry Bulk Transport Business Business
$— $414
Reportable segment Product Transport Business
Container Ships
¥— ¥—
¥1,890
¥—
$—
¥—
$—
        Car Carries, Ferries and Coastal RoRo Ships
Associated Businesses
Sub total
Others
Adjustment and elimination
                             Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1) Reportable segment
                Product Transport Business
Container Ships
$— $—
$17,366
$17,789
  Car Carries, Ferries and Coastal RoRo Ships
Associated Businesses
Sub total
Others
Adjustment and elimination
                               98
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 99

 Millions of yen
¥2,073
(B) Reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate for the year ended March 31,2017, was as follows:
                    For the year ended March 31, 2017:
Goodwill at the end of current year
14. INCOME TAXES
Energy Dry Bulk Transport Business Business
¥— ¥66
Reportable segment Product Transport Business
Container Ships
¥0 ¥—
¥2,140
¥— ¥—
Consolidated ¥2,140
Statutory tax rate
Non-deductible expenses
Tax exempt revenues
Effect on tonnage tax system
Changes in valuation allowance
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies Effect on difference of effective tax rate for consolidated subsidiaries Others
Effective tax rate
2017 28.8%
1.5 (9.0) (11.5)
63.1 (6.8) (10.0) (1.6)
54.5%
Car Carries, Ferries and Coastal RoRo Ships
Associated Businesses
Sub total
Others
Adjustment and elimination
                       The Company is subject to a number of taxes based on income, which, in the aggregate, indicate statutory rates in Japan of approximately 28.8% for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018.
(A) Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities at March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
*1 Changes in valuation allowance of effect on net loss carried forward for foreign subsidiaries are included in Effect on difference of effective tax rate for consolidated subsidiaries.
*2 Reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate for the year ended March 31,2018, is not stated as the Company recorded loss before income taxes.
15. EMPLOYEES’ SEVERANCE AND RETIREMENT BENEFITS
(A) OUTLINE OF EMPLOYEES’ SEVERANCE AND RETIREMENT BENEFITS
The Group has funded and un-funded defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution pension plans.
The defined benefit corporate pension plans provide for a lump-sum payment or annuity payment determined by reference to
the current rate of pay and the length of service.
The Company has a retirement benefit trust.
The retirement lump-sum plans provide for a lump-sum payment, as employee retirement benefits, determined by reference to
the current rate of pay and the length of service.
Certain consolidated subsidiaries calculate liabilities for retirement benefit and retirement benefit expenses, for the defined
benefit corporate pension plans and the retirement lump-sum plans based on the amount which would be payable at the year end if all eligible employees terminated their services voluntarily (the “simplified method”).
   Millions of yen
2018 2017
76,701 ¥ 70,898
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
        Deferred tax assets:
2018
721,959 9,770 13,309 154,583 7,379 40,728 4,678 13,149 — 183,179 17,196 161,097 52,164 105,638 83,546 1,568,448
Operating loss carried forward
Write-down of securities and other investments
Reserve for bonuses expenses
Impairment loss
Excess bad debt expenses
Net defined benefit liabilities
Retirement allowances for directors
Unrealized gain on sale of fixed assets
Provision for loss on business liquidation
Provision for contract loss
Provision for loss related to business restructuring
Unrealized gains on hedging derivatives
Transfer of charters from subsidiaries and affiliates
Deemed dividends
Others 8,876 Total deferred tax assets 166,632 Valuation allowance (158,808) Net deferred tax assets 7,823
Deferred tax liabilities:
¥
$
1,038
757 1,338 20,873 585 4,696 486 1,302 784 390 — 20,207 8,694 11,223 7,162 149,402
(141,743) 7,659
(2,564)
(722) (15,332) (2,713) (17,059) (7,706) (11,968) (2,648) (60,716) (53,056)
1,414 16,423 784 4,327 497 1,397 — 19,461 1,827 17,115 5,542 11,223
(B) DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
(1) MOVEMENTS IN RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS EXCEPT PLAN APPLIED SIMPLIFIED METHOD
                    Reserve deductible for tax purposes when appropriated for
deferred gain on real properties (2,523)
Reserve deductible for tax purposes when appropriated for
special depreciation (837)
Unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities (17,828)
Gain on securities contributed to employee retirement benefit trust (2,713) Revaluation reserve (16,991) Retained earnings of consolidated subsidiaries (6,910) Unrealized gains on hedging derivatives (8,493)
Others (2,793)
Total deferred tax liabilities (59,092)
Net deferred tax liabilities ¥ (51,268) ¥
(1,494,804) 73,635
(23,748)
(7,878) (167,808) (25,536) (159,930) (65,041) (79,941) (26,289) (556,212) $ (482,567)
Balance at beginning of the year Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial loss (gain)
Benefits paid
Balance at end of the year
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥46,752 ¥46,769 1,776 1,768 409 407
(520) (193) (2,057) (1,998)
¥46,361 ¥46,752
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$440,060 16,716 3,849
(4,894) (19,361)
$436,379
                      100
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 101

 (2) MOVEMENTS IN PLAN ASSETS EXCEPT PLAN APPLIED SIMPLIFIED METHOD
Balance at beginning of the year Expected return on plan assets Actuarial loss (gain)
Contributions paid by the employer Benefits paid
Balance at end of the year
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$554,932 11,097 21,319 12,179
(16,538) $583,010
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$87,151 14,815
(4,536) (6,362)
— $91,076
(6) REMEASUREMENTS OF DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
Actuarial loss (gain)
(7) ACCUMULATED REMEASUREMENTS OF DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
Unrecognized actuarial differences (8) PLAN ASSETS
1. Plan assets comprise:
  Millions of yen
2018
¥58,956 1,179 2,265 1,294
(1,757) ¥61,939
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$39,589
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$77,899
2017 31% 26 35
8
0 100%
Current and target asset allocations, historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets have been considered in determining the long-term expected rate of return.
(9) ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS
The discount rates were mainly 0.5%–1.1% for the year ended March 31, 2018 and 2017.
The rates of expected return on plan assets were mainly 2.0% for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017. The expected rate of salary increase were mainly 0.5%–5.7% for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017.
(C) DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
The amounts of contributions to defined contribution plans were ¥689 million ($6,489 thousand) at March 31, 2018 and ¥649 million at March 31, 2017.
                                            (3) MOVEMENTS IN NET LIABILITY FOR RETIREMENT BENEFITS BASED ON THE SIMPLIFIED METHOD Millions of yen
2017 ¥56,777 1,135 2,773 28
(1,757) ¥58,956
2017 ¥10,158 1,750
(1,979) (682)
12 9,259
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥4,206 ¥4,118
Millions of yen
2018 2017
¥8,276 ¥4,070
2018
33%
         Balance at beginning of the year
Retirement benefit costs
Benefits paid
Contributions paid by the employer
Increase in retirement benefit obligations from change of scope of consolidation
Balance at end of the year
2018
¥9,259 1,574
(482) (676)
— ¥9,676
¥
Equity securities
Bonds 22
Jointly invested assets 38
Cash and cash equivalents 7
Other 0
Total 100%
Retirement benefit trust 29% 27%
2. Long-term expected rate of return
                        (4) RECONCILIATION FROM RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS AND PLAN ASSETS TO LIABILITY (ASSET) FOR RETIREMENT BENEFITS INCLUDING PLAN APPLIED SIMPLIFIED METHOD
        Funded retirement benefit obligations Plan assets
Unfunded retirement benefit obligations
Total net liability (asset) for retirement benefits at end of the year Liability for retirement benefits
Asset for retirement benefits
Total net liability (asset) for retirement benefits at end of the year
(5) RETIREMENT BENEFIT COSTS
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Net actuarial loss amortization
Retirement benefit costs calculated by the simplified method Other
Total retirement benefit costs for the fiscal year
Millions of yen
2018
¥ 54,642 (72,310) (17,668)
2017 ¥ 54,257
(68,910) (14,652) 11,707
(2,944) 12,445
(15,390) ¥ (2,944)
2017 ¥ 1,768 407
(1,135) 1,153 1,750
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$ 514,326 (680,628) (166,302)
110,749 (55,553)
121,507 (177,061) $ (55,553)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$ 16,716 3,849
(11,097) 13,365 14,815
(743) $ 36,916
    11,766 (5,902)
12,909 (18,811)
            ¥
(5,902)
Millions of yen
2018
¥ 1,776 409
(1,179) 1,420 1,574
              (79) (23) ¥ 3,922 ¥ 3,919
            102
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 103

 16. STOCK OPTIONS
(A) EXPENSED AMOUNT
Expensed amounts on stock options for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows: Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
(C) CHANGES IN NUMBER AND UNIT PRICES
The following tables summarize changes in number and unit prices of stock options for the years when they were granted: (1) Changes in number of stock options
           Selling, general and administrative expenses Total
(B) TERMS AND CONDITIONS
2018
¥171 ¥171
2017 ¥88 ¥88
2018
$1,609 $1,609
Non-vested stock options Balance at March 31, 2017
Options granted during the year Options expired during the year Options vested during the year
Balance at March 31, 2018
Vested stock options Balance at March 31, 2017
Options vested during the year Options exercised during the year Options expired during the year
Balance at March 31, 2018
2007 2008 — — — — — — — — — —
2007 2008 164,000 171,000 — — — — 164,000 — — 171,000
2009 2010 — — — — — — — — — —
2009 2010 163,000 170,000 — — — — — — 163,000 170,000
2011 2012 2013 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
2011 2012 2013 171,000 129,800 156,800 — — — — 13,000 — — — — 171,000 116,800 156,800
2011 2012 2013 ¥4,680 ¥2,770 ¥4,470
— ¥3,642 — ¥ 870 ¥ 670 ¥1,720
2014 2015 — 155,000 — — — — — 155,000 — —
2014 2015 146,000 — — 155,000 2,000 800 2,000 — 142,000 154,200
2014 2015 ¥4,120 ¥4,270
¥3,100 ¥3,100
¥1,320 ¥ 940
2016 158,000 — — — 158,000
2016 — — — — —
2016 ¥2,420
— ¥ 560
2017 — 157,000 — — 157,000
2017 — — — — —
2017 ¥3,780
— ¥1,090
after
            The following table summarizes terms and conditions of stock options for the years when they were granted:
   2007 2008
Directors: 11
Executive officers: 20 Employees: 33
Presidents of the Company’s domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 36
Common stock 171,000 August 10, 2007
No provisions
No provisions
From June 20, 2008 to June 21, 2017
2011 2012
Directors: 10
Executive officers: 22 Employees: 35
Presidents of the Company’s domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 33
Common stock 173,000 August 9, 2011
No provisions
No provisions
From July 26, 2013 to June 22, 2021
2015 2016
Directors: 8
Executive officers: 18 Employees: 37
Presidents of the Company’s domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 32
Common stock 155,000 August 17, 2015
No provisions
No provisions
From August 1, 2017 to June 20, 2025
2009 2010
      Number of grantees
Number of stock options Grant date
Vesting conditions Service period
Exercise period
Number of grantees
Number of stock options Grant date
Vesting conditions Service period
Exercise period
Number of grantees
Number of stock options Grant date
Vesting conditions Service period
Exercise period
Directors: 10
Executive officers: 21 Employees: 36
Presidents of the Company’s domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 33
Common stock 171,000 August 16, 2010
No provisions
No provisions
From July 31, 2012 to June 21, 2020
2014
Directors: 9
Executive officers: 19 Employees: 33
Presidents of the Company’s domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 32
Common stock 148,000 August 18, 2014
No provisions
No provisions
From August 2, 2016 to June 23, 2024
(2) Unit prices of stock options exercised during the year
2007 2008 2009 2010
Directors: 11
Executive officers: 20 Employees: 38
Presidents of the Company’s
domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 36
Directors: 11
Executive officers: 20 Employees: 34
Presidents of the Company’s
domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 35
       Common stock 176,000
Common stock 165,000
     August 8, 2008
August 14, 2009
     No provisions
No provisions
       No provisions
No provisions
Exercise price
Average market price of share at exercise
Fair value per stock option at grant date
¥19,620 ¥15,690 ¥6,390 ¥6,420 — — — — ¥ 3,520 ¥ 2,170 ¥1,360 ¥2,030
     From July 25, 2009 to June 24, 2018
From July 31, 2011 to June 22, 2019
       2013
      Directors: 9
Executive officers: 22 Employees: 33
Presidents of the Company’s
domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 30
Directors: 9
Executive officers: 18 Employees: 38
Presidents of the Company’s
domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 33
Note: The Company consolidated its common shares (ten shares into one shares), effective October 1, 2017. The figures have been converted to the number the consolidation.
(D) KEY FIGURES FOR FAIR VALUE PER STOCK OPTION
The Company utilized the Black Scholes Model for calculating fair value per stock option. Key figures of the calculation were as follows:
     Common stock 164,000
Common stock 160,000
     August 13, 2012
August 16, 2013
     No provisions
No provisions
  Stock price volatility
Expected remaining term of the option Expected dividends
Risk-free interest rate
2017 40.39% 5 years and 11 months ¥2 per share (0.05)%
     No provisions
No provisions
       From July 28, 2014 to June 21, 2022
From August 2, 2015 to June 20, 2023
          2017
Directors: 9
Executive officers: 18 Employees: 33
Presidents of the Company’s domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 35
Common stock 15,700 August 15, 2017
No provisions
No provisions
From August 1, 2019 to June 25, 2027
      Directors: 9
Executive officers: 18 Employees: 32
Presidents of the Company’s
domestic consolidated subsidiaries: 37
    Common stock 158,000
    August 15, 2016
    No provisions
    No provisions
    From August 1, 2018 to June 19, 2026
    Note: The Company consolidated its common shares (ten shares into one shares), effective October 1, 2017. The figures have been converted to the number after the consolidation.
  104
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 105

 17. COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, the amounts reclassified to net income (loss) that were recognized in other comprehensive income and tax effects for each component of other comprehensive income were as follows:
18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2017 2018 ¥ 13,932 $ 85,043
(1,413) (6,494) 12,518 78,539
(3,750) (23,578) 8,768 54,960
30,282 (56,212) (19,502) (187,820) 166 (1,891) 10,945 (245,933)
2,124 35,062 13,070 (210,862)
3,148 (7,219) (684) (47) 2,463 (7,275)
2,965 26,214 1,153 13,365 4,118 39,589 (1,174) (11,285) 2,944 28,303
(1,521) (18,797) 5,569 51,760 52 —
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
For the year ended March 31, 2018
        Unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities, net of tax:
Increase (Decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Sub-total, before tax
Tax effect
Unrealized gains on hedging derivatives, net of tax:
Increase (Decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Adjustments of acquisition cost Sub-total, before tax
Tax effect
Foreign currency translation adjustments:
Increase (Decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans:
Increase (Decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Sub-total, before tax
Tax effect
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates accounted for using equity method:
Decrease during the year Reclassification adjustments Adjustments of acquisition cost
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
Millions of yen
2018
9,035 (690)
8,344 (2,505) 5,839
Ratio of the Group’s voting rights
20.60%
Transactions during the year ended March 31, 2018
Balance at March 31, 2018
Transactions during the year ended March 31, 2018
Transacted amount
Balance at March 31, 2018
Amount
¥
Category
Affiliated company
Affiliated company
Name of company
Address
Paid-in capital
Business description
Relation with related party
Description of transaction(*1)
of capital increase
Transacted amount
Account
Amount
         TARTARUGA NETHERLANDS MV29 B.V.
US$110,000 Energy Transport
Business
Interlocking directorate
—
$331,042
—
Debt guarantee
¥35,170
Interlocking Underwriting 27,456 — — 258,433 —
—
*2 The Company owns 31% of the voting rights of Ocean Network Express Holdings, Ltd. and the said company is a holding company that owns 100% of the common shares of Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd.
         Ocean SINGAPORE US$800,000,000 Container- —(*2) Network ships
Express
Pte. Ltd
Debt guarantee directorate
        (5,972) (19,954) (201) (26,128)
3,725 (22,402)
(767) (5) (773)
2,785 1,420 4,206 (1,199) 3,007
(1,997) 5,499 — 3,501
¥(10,828)
*1 Transaction conditions and policies to decide transaction conditions, etc.
(1) Transaction terms and the policy are decided based on the form of guarantees and other conditions. (2) Underwriting of capital increase was carried out at US$10,000 per share.
    For the year ended March 31, 2017
    Ratio of the Group’s voting rights
20.60% 20.00% 20.60%
Balance at March 31, 2017
Millions of
Transactions during the year ended March 31, 2017
Description of Transacted transaction (Note) amount
yen
Account Amount ——
—— ——
  Category
Affiliated company
Affiliated company
Affiliated company
Name of company
Address
Paid-in capital
Business description
Relation with related party
   TARTARUGA NETHERLANDS US$110,000 Energy MV29 B.V. Transport
Business
T.E.N. NETHERLANDS €100,000 Energy GHANA Transport MV25 B.V. Business
CARIOCA NETHERLANDS €100,000 Energy MV27 B.V. Transport
Business
Interlocking Debt ¥29,235 directorate guarantee
Debt guarantee
Interlocking Debt 28,741 directorate guarantee
Debt guarantee
Interlocking Debt 28,706 directorate guarantee
Debt guarantee
                 Note: Transaction terms and the policy are decided based on the form of guarantees and other conditions.
Note about significant related parties
    A significant affiliated company to be disclosed for the year ended March 31, 2018 was Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd. and the summary of its financial statements was as follows:
            4,100 ¥ 31,347
32,953 $(101,920)
Total current assets Total non-current assets
Total current liabilities Total non-current liabilities
Total net assets
Shipping and other revenues Income (Loss) before income taxes Net income (loss)
Millions of yen
2018 2017(*1)
¥ 53,642 — 25,924 —
12,668 — 5,231 —
61,666 — 26 —
(23,325) — (23,325) —
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2018
$ 504,913 244,013
119,239 49,237
580,440
244 (219,550) (219,550)
                *1 Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd. was a newly established company. Therefore the Company recognized Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd. as a significant affiliated company from the year ended March 31, 2018.
  106
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 107

 Independent Auditor’s Report
 19. SUBSEQUENT EVENT
(Additional investments in an equity-method affiliate of the Company)
As initially planned, the Company made an additional investment in its equity-method affiliate, Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd. on April 2, 2018.
1. Overview of the equity-method affiliate of the Company
 (1) Company name: (2) Amount of Capital:
(3) Shareholders/Contribution Ratio:
(4) Location:
(5) Date of Establishment:
2. Details of additional investments
(1) Amount of additional investments
(2) Amount of Capital after additional investments (3) Execution date of additional investments
20. OTHERS
(1) Litigation
Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd.
(before additional investments) US$800 million (after additional investments) US$3,000 million
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. 31% Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha 38%
The Company 31%
(including indirect investment)
There has been no change in contribution ratios between before and after the additional contribution of capital.
Singapore July 7, 2017
US$2,200 million US$3,000 million April 2, 2018
 On January 10, 2014, the Company filed a lawsuit against Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. (hereinafter “MHI”) at Tokyo District Court seeking compensation for damages in association with a maritime accident caused by a vessel constructed by MHI. In response, MHI filed a countersuit at Tokyo District Court seeking payment for reinforcement of the strength of the ship’s hull of the same type of ship, and the legal dispute is continuing.
The Company recognizes the claims of the countersuit by MHI has no legitimate basis, and intends to assert the propriety of the Company in addition to upholding the claims for damages under the lawsuit.
(2) Others
Since 2012, the Group has been the subject of investigations by the antitrust authorities in the U.S. and other countries, on the suspicion of violations of each country’s competition laws with respect to ocean transport services of completed build-up vehicles. In addition, a class-action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. and other countries against the Group, for damage claims, a cease and desist order for the questioned conduct. Meanwhile, the effect of these investigations and lawsuit on the financial results of the Group is uncertain as its financial impact is not estimable at this stage.
  108
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 109

The MOL Group
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. March 31, 2018 ■ Consolidated Subsidiaries
▲ Affiliated Companies Accounted for by the Equity Method
  Registered Office
Japan Panama Singapore
Switzerland
Panama Panama Uruguay Bahamas Liberia Panama Japan Singapore Japan Japan Netherlands Bahamas Singapore Panama Panama Singapore
Singapore Japan Norway Netherlands Netherlands Netherlands Bahamas Bahamas Netherlands Netherlands Netherlands Bahamas Bahamas Bahamas Norway Norway
Singapore Thailand Thailand Japan Japan Japan Japan Netherlands Belgium Japan
Hong Kong Japan U.S.A. Australia Japan Nigeria Thailand U.S.A.
Brazil
China Netherlands Poland
U.K.
Ghana Singapore Hong Kong China Thailand Ivory Coast Japan
Hong Kong Germany Netherlands Hong Kong Japan Netherlands Singapore
MOL’s Voting Paid-In Capital Rights (%)* (Thousands)
100.00 ¥660,000 100.00 US$8 100.00 US$62,752
49.00 US$228,100
100.00 US$5 100.00 US$10 100.00 US$101,401
80.10 US$1
75.00 US$22,100 100.00 ¥200 100.00 ¥100,000 100.00 S$138,018 100.00 ¥650,000 100.00 ¥40,000 100.00 €18 100.00 US$1 100.00 US$379,311 100.00 US$10 100.00 US$10 100.00 US$344
50.00 US$20,743 26.73 ¥600,045 25.00 US$27,600 20.60 €100 20.60 €175,026 20.60 €162,160 30.00 ¥1,000 30.00 ¥1,000 20.60 US$100 20.00 €149,650 20.60 US$110 20.00 ¥3,961,100 50.00 ¥92,400 50.00 ¥35,000 50.00 US$18
— US$338
100.00 S$900 100.00 THB10,000 74.62 THB130,000 100.00 ¥50,000 100.00 ¥30,000 100.00 ¥54,600 100.00 ¥10,000 75.50 €91 50.00 €1,950 99.00 ¥100,000 100.00 HK$58,600 51.00 ¥100,000 51.00 US$0 100.00 A$1,000 100.00 ¥100,000 100.00 NGN2,636 47.00 THB20,000 100.00 US$6 100.00 BRL3,603 100.00 US$2,200 100.00 €456 100.00 PLN5 100.00 £1,500 100.00 GHS92 100.00 S$5,000 100.00 HK$1,000 100.00 RMB8,000 99.60 THB10,000 100.00 XOF50,000 100.00 ¥1,577,400 100.00 HK$40,000 100.00 €537 100.00 €414 100.00 HK$14,100 75.06 ¥756,250 100.00 €3,049 100.00 S$700
Registered Office
MOL’s Voting Rights (%)*
100.00 99.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 90.00 76.00 79.98 100.00 100.00 100.00 67.55 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
40.33 15.00 31.00
— 20.86 20.00 31.98 21.33 24.44
51.07
99.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
95.25 100.00 62.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 87.26 100.00 100.00 70.00 99.39 100.00
36.00 25.00 40.00
100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
Paid-In Capital (Thousands)
NT$7,500 THB20,000 £400 US$9,814 €19 ZAR3,000 €195 ¥640,000 US$1,720 ¥300,000 THB77,500 — — ¥2,155,300 S$2,000 ¥50,000 ¥10,000 ¥50,000 ¥90,000 US$200
¥880,000 ¥600,440 ¥50,000 US$800,000 MYR276,354 €14,018 ¥100,000 VND732,966,020 THB100,000
¥12,227,847 VND349,000,000 ¥17,000 VND124,203,000 ¥95,400 ¥172,000 ¥50,000 ¥26,500 ¥99,960 ¥32,000 US$0 ¥50,000 ¥50,000 ¥20,000 ¥14,400 ¥250,000 ¥300,000 ¥100,000 ¥100,000 ¥95,000 ¥490,000 ¥134,203 ¥10,000 ¥20,000 ¥10,000 ¥14,950 ¥6,810,000
¥100,000 HK$12,400 US$4,500
€8,444 US$3 — €17,245 US$200 S$2,350 US$8,402 ¥30,000 ¥10,000 ¥20,000 ¥100,000 US$3,889 ¥100,000 ¥100,000 ¥50,000 ¥50,000 US$2,000
          Dry Bulk Business
Energy Transport Business
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Kinkai, Ltd.
■ MOL Bridge Finance S.A.
■ MOL Cape (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
■ Shipowner/Chartering companies (66 companies) in Panama, Marshall Islands,
Liberia, Hong Kong, Cayman Islands, and Singapore ■ Other (1 company)
▲ Gearbulk Holding AG
▲ Shipowner company (1 company) in Panama
■ Coconutland Maritime Inc. ■ El Sol Shipping Ltd. S.A.
■ Lakler S.A.
■ MCGC International Ltd. ■ MNN Holdings Inc.
■ MOG LNG Transport S.A.
■ MOL Chemical Tankers Japan Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Chemical Tankers Pte. Ltd.
■ MOL Coastal Shipping, Ltd.
■ MOL LNG Transport Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Netherlands Bulkship B.V.
■ Pacific LNG Transport Ltd.
■ Phoenix Tankers Pte. Ltd.
■ Samba Offshore S.A.
■ Shining Shipping S.A.
■ Unix Line Pte. Ltd.
■ Shipowner/Chartering companies (115 companies) in Panama, Marshall Islands,
Liberia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia and Malta ▲ Aramo Shipping (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
▲ Asahi Tanker Co., Ltd.
▲ Avium Subsea AS
▲ Carioca MV27 B.V.
▲ Cernambi Norte MV26 B.V.
▲ Cernambi Sul MV24 B.V.
▲ LNG Fukurokuju Shipping Corp.
▲ LNG Jurojin Shipping Corp.
▲ Sepia MV30 B.V.
▲ T.E.N. Ghana MV25 B.V.
▲ Tartaruga MV29 B.V.
▲ Trans Pacific Shipping 2 Ltd.
▲ Trans Pacific Shipping 5 Ltd.
▲ Trans Pacific Shipping 8 Ltd.
▲ Viken MOL AS
▲ Viken Shuttle AS
Shipowner/Chartering companies (48 companies) in Panama, Marshall Islands, Liberia, ▲ Hong Kong, Cayman Islands, Singapore, Indonesia, Cyprus, Bahamas and Malta
■ Asia Utoc Pte. Ltd.
■ Bangkok Container Service Co., Ltd.
■ Bangpoo Intermodal Systems Co., Ltd.
■ Blue Highway Express Kyushu Co., Ltd.
■ Blue Highway Service K.K.
■ Blue Sea Network Co., Ltd.
■ Chugoku Shipping Agencies Ltd.
■ Euro Marine Carrier B.V.
■ Euro Marine Logistics N.V.
■ Ferry Sunflower Ltd.
■ Hong Kong Logistics Co., Ltd.
■ International Container Transport Co., Ltd. ■ International Transportation Inc.
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (Australia) Pty. Ltd.
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (Japan) Ltd.
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (Nigeria) Ltd.
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
■ MOL (America) Inc.
■ MOL (Brasil) Ltda.
■ MOL (China) Co., Ltd.
■ MOL (Europe) B.V.
■ MOL (Europe) Central Support Unit SP. Zoo ■ MOL (Europe) Ltd.
■ MOL (Ghana) Ltd.
■ MOL (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
■ MOL Consolidation Service Ltd.
■ MOL Consolidation Service Ltd. (China)
■ MOL Container Center (Thailand) Co., Ltd. ■ MOL Cote d’Ivoire S.A.
■ MOL Ferry Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Liner, Ltd.
■ MOL Logistics (Deutschland) GMBH
■ MOL Logistics (Europe) B.V.
■ MOL Logistics (H.K.) Ltd.
■ MOL Logistics (Japan) Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Logistics (Netherlands) B.V.
■ MOL Logistics (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
■ MOL Logistics (Taiwan) Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Logistics (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Logistics (UK) Ltd.
■ MOL Logistics (USA) Inc.
■ MOL Logistics Holding (Europe) B.V.
■ MOL South Africa (Pty.) Ltd.
■ Nissan Carrier Europe B.V.
■ Nissan Motor Car Carrier Co., Ltd.
■ Shanghai Huajia International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd.
■ Shosen Koun Co., Ltd.
■ Thai Intermodal Systems Co., Ltd.
■ TraPac Jacksonville, LLC.
■ TraPac, LLC.
■ Utoc Corp.
■ Utoc Engineering Pte. Ltd.
■ Utoc Logistics Corp.
■ Utoc Ryutsu Service Corp.
■ Utoc Stevedoring Corp.
■ Utoc Transnet Corp.
■ World Logistics Service (U.S.A.), Inc.
■ Shipowner/Chartering companies (52 companies) in Panama, Marshall Islands, Liberia,
Hong Kong, Cayman Islands, Singapore and Isle of Man ■ Others (11 companies)
▲ Meimon Taiyo Ferry Co., Ltd.
▲ Nippon Concept Corp.
▲ Ocean Network Express Holdings, Ltd.
▲ Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd.
▲ PKT Logistics Group Sdn. Bhd.
▲ Rotterdam World Gateway B.V.
▲ Shanghai Kakyakusen Kaisha, Ltd.
▲ Tan Cang-Cai Mep International Terminal Co. Ltd.
▲ TIPS Co., Ltd.
▲ Other (1 company)
■ Daibiru Corp.
■ Daibiru CSB Co., Ltd.
■ Daibiru Facility Management Ltd.
■ Daibiru Saigon Tower Co., Ltd.
■ Green Kaiji Kaisha, Ltd.
■ Green Shipping, Ltd.
■ Hokuso Kohatsu K.K.
■ Ikuta & Marine Co., Ltd.
■ Japan Express Co., Ltd.
■ Japan Hydrographic Charts & Publications Co., Ltd. ■ Jentower Ltd.
■ Kitanihon Tug-boat Co., Ltd.
■ Kobe Towing Co., Ltd.
■ Kosan Kanri Service Co., Ltd.
■ Kosan Kanri Service-West Co., Ltd.
■ M.O. Tourist Co., Ltd.
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Kosan Co., Ltd.
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line, Ltd.
■ MOL Career Support, Ltd.
■ MOL Kaiji Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Techno-Trade, Ltd.
■ Nihon Tug-Boat Co., Ltd.
■ Nishinihon Sogo Setsubi Co., Ltd.
■ Tanshin Building Service Co., Ltd.
■ Tokai Tugboat K.K.
■ Ube Port Service Co., Ltd.
■ White Lotus Properties Ltd.
■ Chartering company (1 company) in Panama
■ Other (1 company)
▲ Shinyo Kaiun Corp.
▲ South China Towing Co., Ltd.
▲ Tan Cang-Cai Mep Towage Services Co., Ltd.
■ Euromol B.V.
■ Linkman Holdings Inc.
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Bulk Shipping (USA), LLC
■ Mitsui O.S.K. Holdings (Benelux) B.V.
■ MOL (Americas) Holdings, Inc.
■ MOL (Asia Oceania) Pte. Ltd.
■ MOL (Europe Africa) Ltd.
■ MOL Accounting Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Adjustment, Ltd.
■ MOL Engineering Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Information Systems, Ltd.
■ MOL Manning Service S.A.
■ MOL Marine Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Ocean Expert Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Ship Management Co., Ltd.
■ MOL Ship Tech Inc.
■ MOL Treasury Management Pte. Ltd.
■ Shipowner/Chartering companies (2 companies) in Panama ▲ Other (1 company)
Taiwan Thailand U.K.
U.S.A. Netherlands South Africa Netherlands Japan China Japan Thailand U.S.A.
U.S.A. Japan Singapore Japan Japan Japan Japan U.S.A.
Japan Japan Japan Singapore Malaysia Netherlands Japan Vietnam Thailand
Japan Vietnam Japan Vietnam Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan British Virgin Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan British Virgin
Japan Hong Kong Vietnam
Netherlands Liberia U.S.A. Netherlands U.S.A. Singapore U.K.
Japan Japan Japan Japan Panama Japan Japan Japan Japan Singapore
          Associated Businesses
     Product Transport Business
Islands
Islands
     Others
* MOL’s voting rights include voting rights of MOL and its subsidiaries
  110
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018 111

Worldwide Offices
Shareholder Information
JAPAN
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
Head Office (Tokyo): Nagoya Branch: Kansai Branch: Hiroshima Branch: Kyushu Branch:
NORTH AMERICA
MOL (America) Inc.
Head Office (New Jersey): Chicago:
Atlanta:
MOL (Canada) Inc.
Head Office (Toronto):
Tel: 81-3-3587-6224 Tel: 81-52-564-7000 Tel: 81-6-6446-6500 Tel: 81-82-252-6020 Tel: 81-92-262-0701
Tel: 1-732-512-5200 Tel: 1-630-812-3700 Tel: 1-678-855-7700
Tel: 1-905-629-5925
Fax: 81-3-3587-7734 Fax: 81-52-569-1719 Fax: 81-6-6446-5503 Fax: 81-82-254-0876 Fax: 81-92-262-0720
Fax: 1-732-512-5300 Fax: 1-630-812-3703 Fax: 1-678-855-7747
Fax: 1-905-629-5914
Fax: 1-201-395-5820 Fax: 1-832-615-6480 Fax: 1-562-528-7515
Fax: 55-11-3145-3946
Fax: 56-2-2231-5622
Fax: 11-507-300-3212
Fax: 51-1-611-9429
Fax: 52-55-5089-2280 Fax: 55-11-3145-3946
Fax: 44-20-3764-8393
Fax: 49-40-8430-6105 Fax: 90-2128754666
Fax: 27-86-660-3280
MIDDLE EAST
MOL Middle East FZE
Head Office (Dubai):
Tel: 971-4-8855488
Fax: 971-4-3292268
Fax: 974-4-836563 Fax: 968-2440-0953
Fax: 61-2-9320-1601 Fax: 64-9-309-1439
Fax: 65-6323-1305 Fax: 60-3-5623-3107
Fax: 86-10-85299126
Fax: 86-21-2320-6331 Fax: 86-20-8348-6246
Fax: 852-2865-0906
Fax: 886-2-2537-8098
Fax: 82-2-561-9490
Fax: 62-21-5292-0920
Fax: 66-2-237-9021
Fax: 84-83-8219317
Fax: 91-44-4861-5757 Fax: 91-22-4071-4501
Fax: 63-2-524-8132
Capital
Head office
Number of MOL employees
Number of MOL Group employees
(The parent company and consolidated subsidiaries)
Total number of shares authorized
Number of shares issued
Number of shareholders
Shares listed in
Share transfer agent (Contact information)
Communication materials
¥65,400,351,028
1-1, Toranomon 2-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8688, Japan
975
10,828
315,400,000
120,628,611
86,927
Tokyo
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
Stock Transfer Agency Business Planning Department 8-4, Izumi 2-chome, Suginami-ku, Tokyo 168-0063, Japan
MOL Report (English/Japanese) Investor Guidebook (English/Japanese) Market Data (English/Japanese)
News Releases (English/Japanese) Website (English/Japanese)
     MOL (Asia Oceania) Pte. Ltd.
 Doha: Muscat:
OCEANIA
Tel: 974-4-836541 Tel: 968-2440-0950
         Mitsui O.S.K. Bulk Shipping (USA) LLC
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (Australia) Pty. Ltd.
Head Office (Sydney): Tel: 61-2-9320-1600
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (New Zealand) Ltd.
Head Office (Auckland): Tel: 64-9-300-5820
ASIA
MOL (Asia Oceania) Pte. Ltd.
Head Office (Singapore): Tel: 65-6323-1303 Kuala Lumpur: Tel: 60-3-5623-9772
Beijing Representative Office
Head Office (New Jersey): Houston:
Long Beach:
Tel: 1-201-395-5800 Tel: 1-832-615-6470 Tel: 1-562-528-7500
 CENTRAL AND SOUTH AMERICA
MOL (China) Co., Ltd.
Head Office (Shanghai): Guangzhou:
MOL Hong Kong Ltd.
Head Office (Hong Kong):
MOL (Taiwan) Co., Ltd.
Head Office (Taipei):
MOL (Korea) Co., Ltd.
Head Office (Seoul):
Tel: 86-10-85299121
Tel: 86-21-2320-6000 Tel: 86-20-8348-6948
Tel: 852-2823-6800
Tel: 886-2-2537-8000
Tel: 82-2-559-3001
 MOL (Brasil) Ltda.
Head Office (Sao Paulo):
MOL (Chile) Ltda.
Head Office (Santiago):
MOL (Panama) Inc.
Head Office (Panama City):
MOL (PERU) S.A.C.
Head Office (Lima):
Tel: 55-11-3145-3980
Tel: 56-2-2630-1950
Tel: 11-507-300-3200
Tel: 51-1-611-9400
(As of March 31, 2018)
 Mitsui O.S.K. Bulk Shipping (USA) LLC
P.T. Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Indonesia
Head Office (Jakarta): Tel: 62-21-5288-0008
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Head Office (Bangkok): Tel: 66-2-234-6252
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (Vietnam) Ltd.
Head Office (Ho Chi Minh): Tel: 84-83-8219219
MOL Bulk Shipping (India) Pvt. Ltd.
(¥)
8,000 7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
   Mexico City: Sao Paulo:
EUROPE
MOL (Europe Africa) Ltd.
Head Office (London): Brussels:
Hamburg:
Istanbul:
Moscow:
AFRICA
Tel: 52-55-5550-1612 Tel: 55-11-3145-3980
Tel: 44-20-3764-8000 Tel: 32-2880-9856
Tel: 49-40-3609-7410 Tel: 90-2122514665/1501 Tel: 7-495-369-90-58
Head Office (Chennai): Mumbai:
Tel: 91-44-4861-5757 Tel: 91-22-4071-4500
(Million shares)
80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
0 /4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 /1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 /1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 /1 2 3 4 5
Stock Price Range (Tokyo Stock Exchange) and Volume of Stock Trade*
Fiscal 2015 High ¥4,370 Low ¥1,830
Fiscal 2016 High ¥3,890 Low ¥1,990
Fiscal 2017 High ¥4,170 Low ¥2,891
          MOL Bulk Shipping (Philippines)
 Manila:
Tel: 63-2-717-8621
    MOL Ace South Africa (Pty) Ltd.
         Head Office (Durban):
Tel: 27-31-580-2200
    15 16 17 18
* The Company consolidated its common shares on the basis of one (1) unit for every ten (10) shares effective October 1, 2017. Figures of FY2015/FY2016 are calculated on the assumption that the consolidation of shares was conducted at the beginning of FY2015/FY2016.
  112
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
MOL Report 2018
113

                                                            For further information, please contact:
Investor Relations Team
Corporate Communication Division Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
1-1, Toranomon 2-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8688, Japan
E-mail: iromo@molgroup.com
URL: http://www.mol.co.jp/en/
  This annual report is printed on Forest Stewardship CouncilTM (FSC)-certified paper made of wood from responsibly managed forests. It was also printed using vegetable oil inks.
Printed in Japan
