Our Vessel & Value Creation
  24
25
 VLCC
SHIZUKISAN
&
 Safe Operation
The SHIZUKISAN was built in 2009 and is a Very Large Crude Carrier (VLCC) capable of delivering over 300,000 tons of crude oil in a single shipment (equivalent to about half of a single day’s consumption in Japan). Since its delivery, the vessel has been operated under a long- term transport contract with a domestic customer, mainly contributing to the stable delivery of crude oil from the Middle East to Japan. As this is one of the largest of the many types of vessels, it takes longer to change navigating speed or course. Furthermore, operation of VLCCs requires an extremely high standard of safety as it carries vast quantities of crude oil, a hazardous substance, and must pass through the Strait of Malacca, one of the world’s most congested seas.
SHIZUKISAN · Undertaking various initiatives to forge ahead to become the world leader in safe operation
Capture long-term contracts to create
· Innovation in safe operations by applying ICT stable profits by earning customers’ trust
        Contributing to SDGs
 Captain
Safe operations are crucial for any type of vessel, but VLCCs demand a higher level of tension because they handle and transport huge quantities of crude oil, a hazardous substance, meaning the risk of explosions, fire or environmental destruction from oil spills is constant.
MOL is engaged in various initiatives for safe opera- tions from both hard and soft aspects. From a hard aspect, under our original MOL Safety Standard Specifi- cations, we carry out numerous initiatives from the shipbuilding stage to respond to risks, such as installing security cameras in the engine room, which enable constant monitoring for fire from the bridge.
From a soft aspect, the annual MOL Safety Conference involves various types of rank-based training programs aimed at improving skills with seafarers on shore leave taking part and participants exchanging opinions on actual accidents to prevent their recurrence. Among the activities, simulations reflecting operations on seas of varying conditions in the BRM drill* have proven to be an effective training method for VLCCs, of which maneuverability is markedly restricted compared to other vessel types.
The Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC) sends in a timely manner extremely useful information, such as data on weather and ocean conditions, piracy and political instability, to aid captains in determining ideal speeds and safer routes. In addition, when arriving in a discharging port in Japan, a marine superintendent and a technical supervisor are dispatched to confirm the unloading operation is conducted safely and that the entire ship is properly maintained. Detailed support provided by each supervisor collaborating closely with captains on the front lines goes a long way in building a relationship of trust with oil companies.
Those various initiatives are crucial for the Company, but, of course, the most important thing of all is for each and every seafarer on board to have the neces- sary expertise and to carry out their duties responsibly to ensure safe operations. I maintain my motivation by expressing gratitude to my crew for supporting safe operations on a daily basis, and striving to foster a culture of safety.
* Bridge resource management drill: Simulating an incident on a vessel operation simulator to enable seafarers to acquire response techniques. It includes MOL’s original programs.
Raise Individual Awareness of Safe Operation and Foster
a Culture of Safety
SHIZUKISANSafety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC)
■ Established in 2007 with the motto “Never let the captain get isolated.”
■ Staffed at all times by two marine technical specialists including an experienced
MOL captain.
■ Monitoring and supporting approximately 860 vessels operated by MOL and affiliated
companies, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
■ Collecting information on weather and ocean conditions (including abnormal weather
and tsunamis) and security threats (including piracy and terrorism), and reporting in a timely manner to the relevant personnel.
 Goichi Umezaki
 “Visualization of Marine Operations”
■ Provide visualization of the conditions of vessels and cargo at sea using ICT.
→ Offer value-added services to customers including sharing operation information
of vessels.
■ Analyze big data on weather and ocean conditions gathered from MOL-operated
vessels.
→ Utilize for safe operations and reducing fuel consumption based on optimal routing.
■ Make multidimensional analysis between actual operational stoppage accidents and
  causal correlations of data from multiple sources.
→ Develop more effective measures to prevent accidents.
■ Remotely monitor the operational status of engines and other machinery on board.
→ Make necessary replacement of parts and maintenance arrangements well in advance.
Collecting data from MOL-operated vesselsPromotion of Autonomous Sailing
■ Aiming to prevent human error and respond to a shortage of seafarers in the future.
■ Set a goal of achieving autonomous sailing by 2025–2030.
■ In December 2017, MOL signed a deal with Rolls-Royce Marine on the joint research of
an advisory-type Intelligent Awareness System (IAS), which detects obstacles near vessels with new sensors and provides ship operational support information to officers onboard immediately.
→ Install the IAS on a ferry in service operated by Ferry Sunflower Limited in the Seto
Inland Sea.
■ In December 2017, MOL agreed with Furuno Electric Co., Ltd. and MOL Techno-Trade
to jointly develop a system that supports ship operation during voyages using aug- mented reality (AR) technology.
Image of IAS in use
 For details of the safe operation
PP. 66–68.