Our Vessel & Value Creation
  26
27
 Car Carrier
VALIANT ACE
&
 Human Resources
Car carriers are vessels used exclusively for carrying motor vehicle cargo such as automobiles and construction machinery. Compared to other vessels, car carriers are more susceptible to strong winds as they have something like an enormous multistory parking lot structured inside the box-like hulls. Therefore, navigation of these vessels requires significant experience and knowledge, such as how to adjust ballast water to control balance and plot courses to avoid bad weather. The VALIANT ACE is a car carrier built in 2012 and has a 6,400- vehicle capacity. The vessel operates in a wide area including not only Asia, North America and Europe, but also South America, Africa and Oceania, reflecting diversifying automobile trades.
 VALIANT ACE · Training top-quality seafarers through operation of training facilities
· Create environments where people want to work
Achieve safe and reliable transportation through top-quality seafarers and strengthen the MOL brand
        Contributing to SDGs Training Highly Competent Seafarers on a Global Scale
■ Since 2011, MOL has been providing education and training to Filipino cadets at an MOL training facility in the Philippines.
■ In August 2018, MOL will open MOL Magsaysay Maritime Academy Inc. jointly with a local partner to take over from the abovementioned facility. The maximum number of students is 300 per year.
■ MOL conducts a wide variety of training from lectures to learn theories to practical training using simulators at training centers in six countries including the Philippines.
■ At each training center, MOL employs an advanced onshore simulator that perfectly recreates the bridge of a large vessel in operation. This simulator features concen- trated real-life experiences of seafarers and enables an iterative approach under all weather and ocean conditions.
A new maritime academy training facility
Simulator
  MONTENEGRO
Training centers around the world
INDIA
RUSSIA JAPAN
PHILIPPINES INDONESIA
Continuing to Be a Proud
Member of MOL
 I was born and grew up in Antique in the Philippines. I had my first experience onboard a passenger ship at age 10 and can remember seeing the crew members to this day. They were tall and proud, in pristine white uniforms with shoulder boards. I saw how people looked at them with admiration and respect. I told myself that someday I would become one of them. I had friends with brothers or fathers who were seaman, and seeing their abundant lifestyles strengthened my resolve. In addition to my childhood dream, I decided to aim for a seafaring career as it would help me sup- port my parents, siblings and my own future family.
After secondary school, I entered maritime college where I was fortunately privileged to be a Magsaysay-MOL scholar upon being selected after stiff competition. Following graduation from maritime college, I advanced to the Officer Candidate Course at MIS*, an MOL training facility. We not only gained knowledge and skill sets here, but also worked on physical condi- tioning, which gave me a sense of ease about my long-term onboard cadet training. During training, senior Filipino seafarers made quite an impression by mentoring newcomers with their knowledge and experience. I got a glimpse of how MOL maintains and improves its seafarers’ marine technical skills.
I decided to enter MOL because I had been chosen for a scholarship. Once I started actually working for MOL, I saw that there is no compromise regarding the safety of lives, ships and cargo, as well as outstanding crew members’ achievements and accomplishments do not go disregarded and after seeing these things in MOL, my motivation to continue as a member of the MOL family became even greater.
My current aim is to become a captain, with the trust of my peers to command a ship. My childhood memory of the seafarers remains as powerful as ever, and encourages me daily as I go about my work. I am proud to be a seafarer for MOL, one of the world’s most prestigious shipping companies, and by becoming a seafarer with sufficient skills and expertise, I hope to contribute to further improving MOL’s overall value and competitiveness.
* Magsaysay Institute of Shipping
MIS was jointly established by MOL and Magsaysay Maritime Corporation in 1993. The institute provides various types of practical and theoretical training to prepare students for careers at sea.
Nationality Ratio of Seafarers (MOL-owned vessels as of March 2018)
Philippines 68% India 14% Europe 6% Japan 3% Indonesia 2% Russia 5% Others 2%
VALIANT ACE
First Officer (Philippine nationality) Louie John Q. TuvilloMaintaining Motivation to Continue as an MOL Group Seafarer
■ MOL has held the MOL Presidential Awards to Officers and Engineers ceremony annually since 2008.
■ MOL has also held annual long-service award ceremonies for Filipino seafarers who belong to Magsaysay MOL Marine, Inc., an MOL
Group seafarer dispatch company, as well as hosted family day events for seafarers’ families every year.
Recipients from the 2017 MOL Presidential Awards to Officers and Engineers Family day scene
   Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5. MOL Report 2018
  