 Floating Storage and Regasification Unit
MOL FSRU Challenger
&
 The Environment
An FSRU (Floating Storage and Regasification Unit) is a ship-based offshore LNG receiving terminal. Its main roles are to store LNG received from LNG carriers in tanks and to regasify and send it out to onshore pipelines according to demand. FSRUs can be set up in less time and with less cost than onshore LNG receiving terminals. For this reason, plans to launch FSRUs have been progressing in various regions around the world, particularly in emerging countries. The MOL FSRU Challenger is the first FSRU to be independently built, owned and operated by an Asian shipping
MOL FSRU Challenger
 · World’s largest fleet of LNG carriers
· Solid relationships with partners worldwide
Expanding business domains to capture growing demand for LNG, a fuel with
a lower environmental burden
        Contributing to SDGs Meeting Customer and Environmental Needs in the LNG Value Chain
Comparison of Emission Volumes When Combusted (Using coal as a base of 100)
CO2
SOx (Sulfur oxides) NOx (Nitrogen oxides)
        Energy Business Strategy Division
General Manager, Strategy Division Yusuke Hongo
Coal
100 100 Natural gas 60 0 20‒40
100
Oil 80 70 70
     LNG Carriers
 Marine Transport
 LNG Carrier
Regasification System
FSRU
Jetty
 To onshore pipelinesFSRUsStorage & Regasification
  Natural gas is a major primary energy source alongside petroleum and coal. It is produced primarily in the Middle East, the U.S., Australia and certain other regions, and exported to consumption regions such as Asia and Europe through onshore pipelines and via marine transport by LNG carriers after the gas is cooled and liquefied. It is the cleanest fossil fuel as its CO2 emissions are lower than those of coal or oil. Demand for natural gas is thus expected to grow significantly in the years to come.
LNG requires advanced transport expertise because it has to be transported at –162oC. MOL has been involved in the marine transport of LNG since the 1980s, and currently has the world’s largest fleet of LNG carriers, at 94 vessels (including outstanding orders) as of March 31, 2018. Through involvement in various projects over the years, we have been building up a solid base of expertise in the transport of LNG, as well as forming firm relationships with many local partners worldwide.
Previously, LNG receiving terminals had to be built onshore in order to receive LNG transported by LNG carriers. However, since the world’s first FSRU entered service in 2005, FSRUs have been rapidly adopted globally as they can be set up in less time and with less cost than conventional onshore receiving terminals
and also they provide a means of addressing demand for smaller amounts of LNG imports. In fact, in the past 10 years, FSRUs have been adopted by around 60% of the countries introducing LNG for the first time. With the launch of MOL FSRU Challenger, MOL has taken a major first step into the FSRU field.
Going forward, environmental regulations will be tightened in order to curtail the amounts of SOx (sulfur oxides) and CO2 in vessel emissions. In response, a growing number of shipping companies are introduc- ing LNG as an alternative bunker fuel to conventional heavy oil. Against this backdrop, MOL is currently building an LNG-fueled tugboat that is scheduled for launch in 2019. We will further consider introducing LNG-fueled vessels for use in other vessel types as well. In addition, MOL has entered the LNG bunker fuel supply business. Notably, in February 2018, MOL signed a long-term charter contract with Total Marine Fuels Global Solutions for a large LNG bunker vessel to supply LNG fuel to mega containerships.
As environmental awareness rises around the world, MOL will expand its business domains from the conventional marine transport of LNG to its storage, regasification, and the use and supply of LNG as bunker fuel. By doing so, MOL aspires to fulfill both customer and environmental needs.
LNG flow
Regasified gas flow
■ ■ ■
MOL has been involved in the marine transport of LNG since the 1980s.
Expanded up to current fleet of 94 vessels including out- standing orders as of March 31, 2018.
The first of three ice-breaking LNG carriers was launched for use in the Yamal LNG project in Russia. (March 2018)
■ MOL FSRU Challenger was delivered, and is the first FSRU independently built, owned and operated by an Asian shipping company. (October 2017)
■ MOL participated in an FSRU & FSU project developed by Swan Energy Limited in India. (September 2017)
  Expanding Business Domains through the LNG Value Chain
  ■ MOL signed a long-term charter contract with French oil major Total for a large LNG bunker vessel in February 2018.
■ The above large LNG bunker vessel will be delivered and start bunkering operations in northern Europe in 2020.
■ MOL made a decision to build an LNG-fueled tugboat in May 2017, and this will launch in Osaka Bay in April 2019.
■ MOL, Tohoku Electric Power Co., Inc. and Namura Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. started joint development of an LNG-fueled coal carrier, and earned an Approval in Principle for design in December 2017.
■ MOL teamed up with Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and other partners including a shipbuilding company, on a joint research project for an LNG-fueled capesize bulker in January 2017. (Photo below)LNG Bunker Vessels
 LNG Fuel Supply
 LNG-Fueled VesselsUse as Fuel
For details of the environment
PP. 71–72.
company. Following its delivery in October 2017, the vessel has been deployed to a project in Turkey. The MOL FSRU Challenger has the world’s largest LNG storage capacity of 263,000 m3, and the ability to reship LNG in its original state, in addition to gas transfer capabilities, which enable the reexport of LNG to neighboring regions or supply of LNG as fuel for other vessels.Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Underlined words are explained in the Glossary on page 5. MOL Report 2018