 Future Vessels
&
 Technology Innovation
MOL promotes the Wind Challenger Project, joint industry-academia research that began in 2009. This project aims to significantly reduce the amount of fuel consumed by large vessels currently dependent on oil fuels by maximizing the use of wind power for propulsion by attaching massive sail panels on vessels.
· Marine technical skills and sales capabilities cultivated over many years in the shipping industry
· Technological capabilities utilizing renewable energy and ICT
Identify and resolve issues related to social infrastructure and customers
Wind Challenger       Scan here to see a video on the Wind Challenger Project
  The Ultimate Goal
Is to Bring About
a Logistics Revolution
Senior Managing Executive Officer Director General, Technology Innovation Unit
Contributing to SDGs
Yoshikazu Kawagoe
Three Areas of FocusWind Challenger
■ The Wind Challenger Project research and practical demonstration phase finished in September 2017 and has now entered the applica- tion and commercialization phase conducted jointly with Oshima Shipbuilding Co., Ltd.
■ Currently, with the aim of realizing a single sail, we are working on detailed design and selecting the vessel to be equipped with it.
■ The aim is to select a vessel to be equipped with the sail in fiscal 2018, and start operations in 2020.
  Roadmap So Far
Completed
2009–September 2017
Research and practical demonstration phase
Conceptual image of the vessel equipped with a single sail while in full sail at sea
   Now
October 2017 onward
Application and commercialization phase
2020
Aim to start operations with vessel equipped with a single sail
     Sail demonstration unit
 The Technology Innovation Unit was established in April 2018. The mission of the unit is to anticipate the needs of customers and the new era and bring about exciting logistics innovations. The three divisions, namely, the Technical Division handling the physical side of the vessels, the Smart Shipping Division han- dling maritime ICT, and MOL Information Systems, Ltd. taking responsibility for overall ICT will coordinate to promote the development of technology services while using ICT to strengthen MOL’s competitiveness. In order to provide “stress-free services” under the Company’s management plan, we aim to identify and resolve customers’ issues by enhancing marine techni- cal skills and sales skills which we have acquired and technologies in relation to natural energy.
In 2016, MOL launched the “ISHIN NEXT—MOL SMART SHIP PROJECT—,” aiming to increase corporate value by developing two fields of technologies such as safer vessel operation and reduction of environmental impact. MOL will accelerate towards the realization of these existing initiatives through further deepening
Technology Innovation Unit Organization Chart
creative collaboration across industries. In the safe operation field, MOL is focusing intensely on promo- tion of autonomous vessels and is working with multi- ple partners to verify automatic technologies, such as image recognition, giving way to other vessels at sea, as well as berthing and unberthing. The Company is aiming to achieve a practical demonstration around 2020. In the environment field, MOL is promoting the Wind Challenger Project (see P. 31) for next-generation sailing vessels, aiming to operate a first vessel in 2020, following selection of a vessel to be equipped and completion of a design during 2018.
The prime goal of the unit, as well as of MOL, is the aforementioned“provision of stress-free services.”The Company will actively aim to start a logistics revolution to rival that of the home delivery services sector. This means not only promoting technological develop- ment, but service development collaborating closely with sales divisions.
  Autonomous vessels P. 25
LNG-fueled vessels P. 29
LNG fuel tank
   Technical Division
Technology Research Center
  Technology Innovation Unit
 Smart Shipping Division
  MOL Information Systems (Quasi in-house organization)Mitsui O.S.K. Lines MOL Report 2018