INTEGRATED REPORT
2018
For the year ended December 31, 2018
          NH O
 
The Challenging Spirit, Handed Down
It all began about 100 years ago. The original Otsuka company was established as a manufac- turer of raw chemical materials using bittern from the famous salt pans of Naruto, Tokushima Prefecture in Japan, where the founder, Busaburo Otsuka was born. Although it is said that Busaburo had far more land than the average farmer at that time, he wanted to start a busi- ness with the aim of making great strides by turning his thoughts to industry. That spirit has been handed down to this day. Against a backdrop of steady business diversification, includ- ing entry into the IV solutions business, nationwide and then global expansion, and many decisions, there has always been a challenging spirit at Otsuka that has boldly sought after the unknown. To be satisfied with the status quo, can only mean that creative products and services won’t be produced.
We will continue to seek challenges, free from preconceptions.
Innovative and Creative Manufacturing
The Otsuka group of companies has created a whole range of products that only Otsuka can provide. We have pioneered the market with new products such as POCARI SWEAT, a health drink that provides unprecedented value, oral anticancer agents, antipsychotics with unique action mechanisms, and the equol-containing food EQUELLE to promote women’s health and beauty.
We will continue to provide new products and solutions that contribute to the health of people around the world through innovative and creative manufacturing.
      Second-Generation President Founder Masahito Otsuka Busaburo Otsuka
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 1
    
 Otsuka’s
Grit and Determination
Challenging Ourselves to See Things Through to the End
The anti-tuberculosis drug DELTYBA and the aquaretic and ADPKD treatment drug Samsca/JINARC*/JYNARQUE**, which are now widely used around the world, have been brought to market after many years of difficult research and development. EQUELLE also, which supports women’s health and beauty, was developed after years of research on soybeans with the aim of creating new markets. It took a long time for the value of the now long-popular ORO- NAMIN C DRINK and Calorie Mate to be recognized. Otsuka has always persistently challenged itself even in unknown fields, starting something and resolving to get results through to the very end. This corporate culture nurtured over many years has been handed down to each and
every one of the approximately 47,000 employees working in 30 countries and regions around the world.
 *Brand name for ADPKD treatment in multiple regions outside Japan
**Brand name for ADPKD treatment in the U.S.
    2 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 3
  
Otsuka Originality
    Contributing to Health as a
Total Healthcare Company
Based on our enduring mission to contribute to the health of people worldwide, Otsuka is advancing in both the pharmaceutical business, from diagnosis to treat- ment of diseases, and the nutraceutical business, which helps people maintain and improve day-to-day health. We strive to establish altogether new markets first by developing products grounded in science—not only pharmaceuticals but also nutraceuticals including func- tional foods and drinks. We then persistently and infor- matively communicate the novel value of these products.
 4 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 5
  
Corporate Philosophy
In keeping with this corporate philosophy and the Otsuka mottos of Jissho (actualization) and Sozosei (creativity), the Otsuka group strives to pursue what only we can achieve. The Otsuka group supports the lives of people worldwide through a wide range of innovative and creative products including pharmaceuticals, functional beverages, and func- tional foods. We are dedicated to cultivating a culture and a dynamic corporate climate reflecting our vision as a health- care company, finding ways to live in harmony with local communities and natural environment from a global perspective, and contributing to more affluent and healthier lives of people.
Otsuka’s Goal
To become an indispensable contributor
to people’s health worldwide
The Otsuka group operates business with the goal of becoming an indispensable contributor to people’s health world- wide, fulfilling on our corporate philosophy in every activity. Our operations encompass two core businesses: the pharma- ceutical business, which provides comprehensive health support from diagnosis to treatment of diseases, and the nutraceutical business*, which helps people maintain and improve day-to-day health. We endeavor to create the unchanging value of improving people’s health worldwide and continue to provide the value to society.
*Nutraceuticals=nutrition + pharmaceuticals
Essence of Management
      6 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Resisting the urge to copy and
pursuing that which only (creativity) Otsuka is capable of delivering
Sozosei
  Seif-actualization through
achievement, completion and (actualization) the discovery of truth
Jissho
  Ryukan godo
The process of discovering the
core substance of something (by sweat we recognize through hard work and
the way) practice
 About the Integrated Report
Beginning with the fiscal 2017 edition, Otsuka Holdings has combined its Annual Report and CSR Report into a single integrated report that brings together financial information and non-financial information. We hope it will deepen our stakeholders’ understanding of the group’s aim to become an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide. In producing this report, we referred to the Interna- tional Integrated Reporting Framework advocated by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the Guidance for Collabo- rative Value Creation developed by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
Reporting period
Fiscal 2018 (January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018), with some information after January 2019 included.
Scope of Reporting
In principle, this report covers Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries. Activities and data of more restricted scope are noted in the report.
Precautions Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This integrated report summarizes the operating and financial results of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries for fiscal 2018 (January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018). It also includes information regarding selected material events which occurred between January 1, 2019 and the date of publication. The report contains forward-looking statements pertaining to plans, projections, strategies, and prospects for the Otsuka group of companies. These statements are based upon current analysis and belief in light of the information available on the issuing date of the report. Actual results may therefore differ due to the risks and uncertainties that may affect Otsuka group operations.
Medical information
In this integrated report, a unified brand name is used when a product has different brand names in different countries or regions for the sake of readability. Therefore, these products may not be available in all countries, or may be available under different brand names, for different indications, in different dosages and strengths.
Please note that the information regarding pharmaceutical products (including products under development) is not intended as any kind of advertising, promotion or medical advice.
Reference guidelines
英文ロゴ
• International Integrated Reporting Framework, IIRC
• GRI Standards
• ISO26000
• Environmental Reporting Guidelines (2018 edition), MOE • Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation, METI, etc.
CONTENTS
 背景色がある場合(白マドをとる)
8 20 25
   Message from the President
8 Message from the President
16 Review of the Second Medium-Term
Management Plan
18 Outline of the Third Medium-Term Management Plan
Feature
Access to Medicine
Fight against Tuberculosis
—An Old Disease with a New Face
Value Creation Section
26 Growth Trajectory
28 Seeking to provide value through
business
30 Value Creation Model 32 Financial Highlights
34 Non-Financial Highlights
37 57 80
   Business Strategy Section
38 Research and Development 44 Pharmaceutical Business 50 Nutraceutical Business
55 Consumer Products Business
56 Other Businesses
Foundation of Value Creation
58 The Otsuka group CSR 60 Society
70 Environment
72 Governance
78 Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Data Section
80 Main Data
82 Management Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Results for Fiscal 2018
84 Consolidated Financial Statements 89 Group Structure & Overview of Main
Operating Companies
90 Global Network
91 Corporate Information/Shareholder Information
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 7

 Message from the President
Creating New Value as a
Global, Total Healthcare
Company
— Embracing Challenges based on Our Enduring Mission
Based on our motto and mission, “Otsuka - people creating new products for better health world- wide”, the Otsuka group works hard to create innovative products in order to meet the universal aspiration of people around the world to stay healthy. To this end, we constantly ask ourselves what we can put into practice that only Otsuka can achieve. Contributing to society is also a core tenet of our management and this will help to realize a sustainable one. We will continue to embrace these challenges based on our mission, without being swept by currents of the moment.
Pharmaceutical business
From diagnosis to treatment of diseases
Innovation derived from synergies
Nutraceutical business
Maintaining and improving day-to-day health
Tatsuo Higuchi
President and Representative Director, CEO Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Our Business Model and Goals
New innovations through our unique business model
Business model
The healthcare environment is characterized by expanding medical costs due to aging societies, including medication costs for chronic illnesses, dementia, and cancer; a public-health need to address both treatment-resistant and emerging infectious diseases; and the emergence of new, life-changing health technologies. Partly in response to these developments, penetration of generic drugs and reforms to drug pricing systems have proceeded with increasing speed. Mean- while, people are growing more interested in daily disease prevention measures based on lifestyle modifications in areas such as nutrition, exercise and rest.
Based on our mission to contribute to the health of people worldwide, the Otsuka group’s activities are based on two pillars: the pharmaceutical business, which extends from diagnosis to treatment of diseases; and the nutraceutical business, which helps people maintain and improve day-to-day health. This business model is based on our belief that healthcare is a whole-body phenomenon that can be fully actualized only if we continue to provide innovative products and services that meet the demands of the times, including the lifestyles evolutions noted above. Therefore, we seek out synergies from collaborations across the multiple group companies to drive innovation and the creation of new markets. We believe this distinctive approach can position us to make tangible contributions to the resolution of health-related social challenges as well.
Message from the President
      8 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 9
The Global Committee for the Nutraceutical Business
The core brands of our nutraceutical business—POCARI SWEAT and Calorie Mate—were born from perspectives, technologies, and know-how gained in our clinical nutrition business, which we have engaged in since 1946. Simultaneously, in our expanding medical device business, we lever- age Otsuka’s strengths in pharmaceuticals to exploit new paths in total healthcare. Our diverse business portfolio from foods and beverage to pharmaceuticals addresses whole-body health.
In the pharmaceutical business, various group companies foster flexible, group-wide strate- gies and decision making. In the nutraceutical business, group companies share information on global health issues and consumer expectations. Both businesses generate first-and-only innova- tions through our unique approaches that seek to leverage Otsuka’s soft and hard assets across the group companies. Soft assets include corporate culture and philosophy as well as deep and ingrained knowledge based on a nearly 100-year history and a committed workforce that is pas- sionate about our aims. Hard assets include advanced technologies and an infrastructure span- ning the globe.

 Indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide
Our business environment is undergoing significant changes that will impact all that we do. These changes include advances in basic science that influence disease-treatment systems, a profusion of information and data, and other broad societal evolutions such as in people’s expectations, lifestyles and social circumstances.
In this shifting context, there are many things that only Otsuka can achieve. For example, digital technology, data and information open the opportunity for deeper insights in areas such as how diseases and treatments affect individual patients, and on how consumers balance consider- ations of product flavor and healthiness. However, that obligates us to use the insights responsi- bly on behalf of society as well as the company, and also protect individual privacy.
Deploying Otsuka’s uncommon management style and principles, we will continue to deliver sustainable growth to help to address healthcare challenges, in our quest to become an indis- pensable contributor to people’s health worldwide.
Otsuka Values
Distinctive corporate culture cul- tivated over many years, and its outcomes
Nucleus of our corporate culture
The foundation of the Otsuka group’s business is its corporate culture. The three important princi- ples of this culture are Ryukan Godo (commitment), Jissho (actualization), and Sozosei (creativity). Ryukan Godo is a term coined by Busaburo Otsuka, the founder of the Otsuka group. It means that one can discover the core substance and truth of matters only through hard work and
practice. Jissho, the main principle conveyed by Masahito Otsuka, a second-generation leader, is
Ryukan Godo: A calligraphic work by Otsuka founder, Busaburo Otsuka
self-actualization and the discovery of truth through achievement and completion. In the case of pharmaceuticals, Jissho (actualization) only occurs when a drug is approved and reaches the patient. Sozosei, a term used by Akihiko Otsuka, the third-generation leader of the group of companies, is based on a determination to pursue only what Otsuka can achieve, without imita- tion. It underscores our policy of creating innovative products that defy existing preconceptions.
Realizing Ryukan Godo, Jissho, and Sozosei
Our policy is to use our own hands and sweat to find the essence of solutions, without imita- tion—to develop, launch, and secure our products in the market.
For example, Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE, a revolutionary aquaretic agent that took 26 years to develop, resulted from research that began with a physician’s request: “I want a diuretic that excretes only water.” After many years of hard work, Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE was made avail- able to patients as the world’s first treatment of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD), an inherited disease that did not have any therapeutic treatments.
In the nutraceuticals area, POCARI SWEAT was developed as a beverage to easily replenish water and electrolytes (ions) lost through sweating. When launched in Japan, it was one of the few beverages that broke through established market preconceptions. Sold in an unusual blue-colored can, it had a relatively light taste for that time, so it took a while to gain the accep- tance of consumers. To emphasize the value of the new drink, all employees conducted sampling sessions to help consumers experience the effect. As a result of these meticulous efforts, we firmly established our brand and created the completely new ion drink market in Japan.
Medium-Term Management Plan
Overview of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Diversify revenue structure to achieve sustainable growth
During our First Medium-Term Management Plan (fiscal 2009-2013), we maximized the value of the antipsychotic agent ABILIFY. In our Second Medium-Term Management Plan (fiscal 2014– 2018), during which the ABILIFY patent expired, we determined that our most important priority had to be diversification of our revenue structure. Therefore, during the plan period we strength- ened and broadened each of our businesses as revenue pillars, and built a foundation that will support the group’s sustainable growth.
Second Medium-Term Management Plan: Outcomes and issues
In the pharmaceutical business, where we sought to reinforce our therapeutic franchises, we enjoyed steady growth of newer global products, including ABILIFY MAINTENA, REXULTI, and Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE. As a result, we rebuilt a robust revenue foundation and made signifi- cant progress toward maximization and investment of cash flows in these growing core
Message from the President
   Monument engraved with our corporate philosophy (Tokushima Prefecture, Japan)
 Overview of
Second Medium-Term Management Plan
p.16~
   10 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 11

  Outline of
Third Medium-Term Management Plan
p.18
businesses. In the nutraceutical business, we made reforms that have consistently delivered oper- ating profit margin of ten percent or higher. Thanks to these efforts, we achieved the objective to rejuvenate the product portfolio, moving that business toward more sustainable growth.
On the other hand, we have also encountered a number of hurdles. Our business environ- ment in Japan has become more challenging due to dramatic reforms of the drug pricing system and stepped-up measures to promote the use of generic drugs. In addition, we are creating many entirely new drug offerings in areas with no therapeutic precedent or market, such as JYNARQUE, and ABILIFY MYCITE, the first-ever digital medicine. Development and commercialization pro- cesses can be just as unprecedented as the products themselves. In light of these challenges, we believe a key priority will be to maximize corporate value by anticipating major changes taking place in our business environment.
Outline of Third Medium-Term Management Plan
The Third Medium-Term Management Plan (2019–2023) is a period in which to advance and grow in the global market as a total healthcare company.
We will focus on maximization of existing business value from expansion of the global prod- ucts ABILIFY MAINTENA, REXULTI, Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE and LONSURF, which formed a strong basis on the Second Medium-Term Management Plan.
In addition, we will create new value by challenging ourselves in new modalities, categories, and geographies. Contingent on regulatory approvals, late-stage candidates in new therapeutic areas will become revenue drivers: Avanir Pharmaceutical’s AVP-786, in development for several mental health disorders; and vadadustat, in development for anemia secondary to chronic kidney disease, in collaboration with Akebia Therapeutics. In the nutraceutical business, the aim is to grow the Nature Made line by leading the supplements sector with vitamin products tailored to the needs of individual consumers. Daiya Foods, with a portfolio of delicious, plant-based foods, will further expand its product line and distribution channels that appeal to millennial consumers. These investments in future growth will be balanced by a disciplined focus on profit margins, and threfore shareholder returns.
The Third Medium-Term Management Plan period will be a time of sustainable growth as the seeds planted during the Second Medium-Term Management Plan period sprout and become large trees.
Human resources sought by Otsuka
People who embrace challenges with determination
Respecting diversity
The Otsuka group consists of 189 companies with around 47,000 employees worldwide, more than half of whom are overseas employees. We aim to be a company in which all of our diverse employ- ees can excel, regardless of nationality and other differences. This requires a corporate culture in which employees can feel fulfillment in finding new values through mutual acknowledgment and active acceptance of different backgrounds, mindsets, and traditions, as well as the occasional clash of differing perspectives. Otsuka has embraced diversity since the 1980s, before the concept had taken hold in Japan and elsewhere, and actively utilized a diversity of human resources.
Encouraging challenges
In Otsuka, we have an embedded culture based on taking on challenges—doing what other com- panies choose not to do. The fact that nobody else has tried something is just the type of chal- lenge that we need and use to invigorate our organization. Starting from scratch, we need to consider how to proceed and form a hypothesis, Then, we move into action and once started, work with sticky resolve until the end. We believe this approach leads us to subsequent challenges, and also to growth.
For those willing to embrace such challenges, Otsuka provides a culture of active support. First of all, responsibility. People who have been given responsibility will feel much more committed and responsible than those who have not. Accumulation of such experiences results in personal development.
Develop executives to lead the company
As CEO, one of my personal areas of focus is the development of executive human resources to lead the company in the future. Business management equates to people, and will not work out if people don’t grow. Otsuka will celebrate its 100th anniversary in 2021. In order to grow creatively and sustainably over the next 100 years, I believe that cultivation of human resources, especially next-generation leadership, is extremely important—on a par with making medium- and long-term capital investment.
For this reason, in 2016 Otsuka Holdings opened the Otsuka Global Academy, which con- ducts executive human resource development programs based on swiftly identifying and then fostering future leaders who in turn support the development of other employees.
Specifically, it has three programs for Otsuka group employees—the Senior Leadership Pro- gram, the Middle Leadership Program, and from now, a Global Leadership Program for upper-mid- dle level managers in Otsuka group companies around the world. More than 100 employees have participated to date. The programs convey not only the latest managerial knowledge and skills, but also emphasize the continuity and relevance of business approaches practiced successfully since our founding. This includes the managerial and leadership styles of successive generations of Otsuka leaders, how they perceived the business, and case studies of their successes and failures.
Message from the President
  Aspiration
To become an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide
    Second Medium-Term Management Plan (2014–2018)
Third
Medium-Term Plan
Nth Medium-Term Management
 12
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 13
First Medium-Term Management Plan (2009–2013)
Management Plan (2019–2023)

Message from the President
   Our CSR p.58~
Executive Human Resource Development Program
Discussions also center on the type and qualifications of human resources required for leadership, and effective decision-making methods.
The Academy should be a place where participants feel and learn directly from those discus- sions. I hope that each participant completes their program with an understanding of Otsuka’s true nature and a sense of ownership that is then reflected in their work. I also want participants to convey what they felt and learned at the Academy to their fellow employees.
From the time I was a young employee at Otsuka, I have often asked myself “What is the value of this company?” As a result of learning many things from my predecessors, I have come to find my own answers. Now, as a teacher in the training programs, I pass on my findings to employees who are now the age I was when I was struggling to answer the question.
In 2018, I spent more than a month on human resource development, including preparation time and traveling. There are many things that I too can still learn by thinking and engaging with my younger colleagues in serious discussions on each business based on multiple perspectives. I want to continue to teach and learn hand in hand with those who will lead the company.
CSR activities integrated with our businesses
Pursuing the contributions only Otsuka can make to help realize a sustainable society
Adhering to our corporate philosophy to help realize a sustainable society
DELTYBA, one of the world’s first new anti-tuberculosis drugs in 50 years, is used in over 80 coun- tries worldwide today, addressing drug-resistant tuberculosis, a serious public health problem, especially in areas with inadequate health systems.
We define CSR in a broad sense as being an integrated part of our business. We don’t pro- mote sustainability along with our businesses, but through it. Our pharmaceutical and nutraceuti- cal products themselves, are created and produced to help people maintain and improve their health, and to realize a better life. We aim to simultaneously achieve our own sustainable growth and a healthy, sustainable society.
Enabling access to products such as DELTYBA, mentioned above, we constantly pursue activi- ties aimed at contributing in ways that only Otsuka can.
In November 2016, Otsuka Holdings became a signatory to the United Nations Global Com- pact. As a signatory, we express our support for the Global Compact’s ideals while at the same time helping achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted at a United Nations summit. In this way, we reaffirm the Otsuka group’s commitment to working with society in order to achieve sustainable development.
Risk preparedness
Preparing for risk is also important for sustainable corporate growth. As a healthcare company involved with people’s lives, product quality is essential to our business, and we work continuously to maintain and improve quality throughout the value chain. With this in mind, Otsuka Pharma- ceutical made its quality assurance department independent from its production department, headed by an executive director-level leader.
We also hold global product quality meetings, where around 100 participants, including man- agers and heads of quality control, meet to discuss quality issues and future-oriented initiatives. In addition to conducting internal audits at each plant regularly, we strive to ensure the reliability of our data. Specifically, we have introduced a computer system to prevent important documents and data related to quality and production from being falsified.
To maintain and improve the compliance-related awareness of all employees around the world, we have produced universal training materials that conform to the Otsuka group’s Global Code of Business Ethics and its Global Anti-Corruption Policy. All employees attend the training annually. Compliance violations can have a profound impact on the survival of a company. For this reason, we promote continuous, global measures to ensure that each and every employee engages in work based on high ethical standards.
What I consider Otsuka’s biggest risk would be to forget our roots. Without deep and stead- fast roots, trees cannot grow large. That is why we must go about our daily activities without forgetting what we learn from three important principles of our corporate culture: Ryukan Godo (commitment: by sweat we recognize the way), Jissho (actualization), and Sozosei (creativity).
 14
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 15

Review of the
Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Establishing diversified revenue structure to achieve sus-
tainable growth
The second medium-term management plan (hereinafter referred to as the “Plan”) with fiscal 2018 as its final year sets the highest priority to diversifying the Group’s revenue structure to achieve sustainable growth. In the pharmaceutical business, we have pursued strengthening our core therapeutic franchises. In the nutraceutical business (hereinafter referred to as the “NC business”) we have pursued business transformation and structural reform to achieve growth.
Active R&D Investment in Core Therapeutic Areas
Strengthened Product Franchises in Core Therapeutic Areas for Sustainable Growth
Under the Plan, we continued active investments in R&D, working to strengthen our drug discovery capabilities and maximize the value of our new product lineup that drives growth, with a focus on core therapeutic areas. At the same time, we have invested in outside projects which would bring synergies with our existing know-how and intellectual assets and enhanced our development pipeline. Combining these efforts we have moved our R&D activities forward for ensuring our future sustainable growth and contributing to social issues.
   Establishing a Diversified Revenue Structure
Facing the end of the exclusive sales period for ABILIFY, the Group’s main product, we have pursued diversifying our revenue structure to achieve sustainable growth. Through investing aggressively for growth and making strategic alliances, each business area has grown steadily led by new product lines, and as a result we have achieved our top priority of diversifying sales and earnings structure.
The final year of the First Medium-Term Management Plan
FY2013
ABILIFY
Revenue ¥1,452.8 bn (J-GAAP)
The final year of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
FY2018
Psychiatry and Neurology
— Full-scale entry into the neurologic area and strengthening of the psychiatric area
Full-scale entry into the area of neurol- ogy through the acquisition of Avanir Pharmaceuticals.
•Acquisition of clinical development capabilities that have created an untapped market for pseudobulbar affect (PBA)
•Acquired a product under development AVP-786 for agitation associated with Alzheimer’s
•Expansion of CNS business through merger with Otsuka’s assets in the psychiatric area
Licensed fremanezumab (Japan), a prophylactic migraine drug candidate, from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries
World’s first digital medicine system, Abilify MyCite® approved (U.S.)
Acquired Neurovance and obtained ADHD therapeutic development drug, centanafadine
Oncology
— Established a group-wide drug discovery platform and introduced new therapeu- tic technologies
Strengthened in-house drug discov- ery capabilities
Strengthened inter-group drug discovery collaboration system centered on Taiho Pharmaceutical and Astex Pharmaceuticals
Acquired development and marketing rights in Asia for an adenosine receptor antagonist from Arcus Biosciences
Business entry in genetically modified T cell therapy
Signed a joint development and exclu- sive sales contract with Takara Bio for the gene therapy drugs, NY-ESO-1 siTCR® and CD19 CAR (Japan)
Obtained exclusive development, manufacturing and marketing rights worldwide for MMG49 CAR-T cell therapy from Osaka University
Message from the President
Cardiovascular and Renal
— Developed as the next-generation core area
Licensed vadadustat, a drug under development for renal anemia, from Akebia Therapeutics
Acquired antibody platform technology and kidney disease-related pipeline through acquisition of Visterra
Expanded global investment in medical device business
Acquired an ultrasound renal denerva- tion treatment device and its technology platform through acquisition of ReCor Medical
Acquired arterial stent business founda- tion and cutting-edge products through acquisition of Veryan Medical
          Consumer products business and other businesses
  Nutraceutical business
Central neurological (excluding ABILIFY)
Oncology
Cardiovascular and renal
Other pharmaceuticals
 Revenue ¥1,292.0 bn (IFRS)
Revenue: Revenue from external customers
Improved Profitability
In the NC business, we have pursued the fundamental reforms of our business practices through reviewing our business assets and the implementation of the two strategies; accelerating global expansion and developing new products.
We have reviewed our business practice based on various value chains and focused on the development of ingenious new products contributing to the extension of healthy life expec- tancy, the improvement of product value utilizing scientific evidences and our experience cultivated in pharmaceuticals, and the promotional activities helping our customers to recognize health benefits of our products. We have also accelerated the global expansion of our core brands including POCARI SWEAT and ORONAMIN C DRINK; and entered into the plant-based business through the acquisition of Daiya Foods. Through these efforts the Group has achieved an operating margin of over 10% ahead of schedule and established a business structure necessary to constantly maintain this level of operating margin.
Accelerating Global Expansion
Operating profit in nutraceutical business
NC Business
   Pharmaceutical Business
Maximizing Product Value
(¥ billion)
60.0
40.0
20.0
0.9%
0
Operating profit
Operating profit margin
8.7% 8.8% 7.1% 8.5%
Second Medium-Term Management Plan
12.0% 10.9%
10.4%
12.7%
    Achieved 99.6% of Target Sales Revenue for New Product Lines Building Foundation to Continue to Drive the Group’s Regrowth
9.2%
2014*
  Under the Plan, we categorized the antipsychotic agent
(long-acting injectable) ABILIFY MAINTENA, antipsychotic
agent REXULTI, and V2-receptor antagonist Samsca/JINARC/
Revenue of new products and global expansion results
  JYNARQUE into “the global 3 products,” the anti-cancer (¥ billion)
* Due to a change in the consolidated fiscal year, fiscal 2014 (ended December 31, 2014) was a transitional period covering the nine months from April 1 to December 31, 2014.
agent LONSURF into “the next-generation product,” and new 500.0
400.0
3 Global Products
drugs launched after 2009 in Japan into “Domestic new prod-
ucts,” all of which are considered growth drivers. During the 300.0 plan period we have actively invested our management
resources into their approvals, addition of new indications,
and expansion of sales areas for the early maximization of
their product values.
    As a result, the total revenue of these new product lines in fiscal 2018 increased to 428.1 billion yen, 99.6% of the initial target (430 billion yen), and we have successfully estab- lished the foundation that will strongly drive the Group’s re-growth after the Plan.
16 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
200.0 100.0 0
¥ 428.1bn
( Achievement rate: ) 99.6%
2016 2017 2018
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
(J-GAAP)
2015 2016 2017 2018
(IFRS)
 Asia
•POCARI SWEAT
Established subsidiaries in Thailand and Philippines to strengthen sales
•ORONAMIN C DRINK
Started local production and sales in Indonesia
•SOYJOY
Started local production in Indonesia
North America
•Plant-based foods
Entered the plant-based food sector by acquiring Daiya Foods
•Nutritional supplements
Entered the natural foods channel through the acquisition of FoodState
•EQUELLE
Started roll out in the U.S. market
Europe
•Nutrition & Santé
Strengthened production system for ‘free-from’ products
   2013
2014* 2015
 Next-generation products
New drugs in Japan
*Due to a change in the consolidated fiscal year, fiscal 2014 (ended December 31, 2014) was a transitional period covering the nine months from April 1 to December 31, 2014.
 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 17

Outline of the Third Medium-Term Management Plan
[ Business Strategy ]
Maximizing Existing Business Value and New Value Creation
Otsuka will enhance strategic initiatives upon designating the following products and brands as growth drivers, namely; four global prod- ucts in pharmaceuticals (ABILIFY MAINTENA, REXULTI, Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE, and LONSURF ), three major brands (POCARI SWEAT, Nature Made, and Nutrition & Santé), and three nurture brands in NC business (Daiya Foods, EQUELLE, and BODYMAINTÉ ). Additionally, Otsuka will launch and nurture new product lines that will drive sustainable growth in the pharmaceutical and NC businesses.
Advance in the Global Market as a Unique Total Healthcare Company
—Five-Year Growth Phase—
Our corporate philosophy is “Otsuka—people creating new products for better health worldwide,” and we practice our management spirits of “Ryukan-godo” (Commitment), “Jissho” (Actualization), and “Sozosei” (Cre- ativity). Following these philosophy and spirits, Otsuka has been creating new values by engaging in various unique business, identifying true insight needs around the world, creating new concepts and products by effec- tively combining science and technology, mixing various existing businesses and their spin-outs, and pioneering in untouched niche areas. We define the Third Medium-Term Management Plan as a five-year period of growth and establishing ourselves as a unique total healthcare company in the global market. Focusing on our core businesses of pharmaceutical and nutraceutical we are going to maximize values of existing business and create new values while practicing the business management with a corporate wide awareness of capital costs.
Growth Drivers’ Revenue Forecast
(¥ bn)
1,000
Approx. 500 ¥510bn
¥880bn
Message from the President
 Pharma - New Product Lines
Product lines scheduled to be launched after 2019
 Pharma - 4 Global Products
•ABILIFY MAINTENA •Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE •REXULTI •LONSURF
 NC - 3 Nurture Brands
•Daiya Foods •BODYMAINTÉ •EQUELLE
 NC - 3 Major Brands
•POCARI SWEAT •Nutrition & Santé •Nature Made
      [ Performance Targets ]
Business Profit CAGR of 10% or More
0
2018A 2019E 2020E 2021E 2022E 2023E 2024E 2025E 2026E 2027E 2028E
  Note: Exchange rate assumptions ¥110/$, ¥130/euro
Not including performance growth by strategic investments (M&A etc)
Business profit = Revenue – COGS – SG&A + Share of profit of associates – R&D expenses
Business Management with a Corporatewide Awareness of Capital Costs
[ Financial Policy ]
2018A 2023E +¥290bn
  2018A 2023E +¥80bn
3rd MTM Plan
4th MTM Plan
   Growth Strategy
 Pharmaceutical Business
•Maximize Values of Existing Businesses
•Challenge New Frontiers that “Only Otsuka Can Do”
•Generate Innovation From Creative and Diverse Research Platforms
 Nutraceutical Business
•Create New Concepts Keeping an Eye on Changes in the Environments •Challenge to New Categories and New Areas
•Continuous High Profit Structure
 Helped by organic growth of existing businesses in the pharma- ceutical and NC businesses, in the plan our sales revenue will reach 1,700 billion yen in fiscal 2023 (the final year of the plan), an increase of 408 billion yen from 2018, and our business prof- its before R&D expenses will reach 460 billion yen, both of which are our record highs. Our target business profit for fiscal 2023 is set for 200 billion yen with CAGR 10% or more. In addition, we will continue to actively invest in research and development for sustainable growth.
Revenue Plan by Organic Growth
2018A ¥1,292.0bn
¥ 817.1bn
¥338.6bn
 Key Performance Targets 2018A
2021E 1,500.0
2023E 1,700.0
(¥ billion)
CAGR 2018A-2023E
5.6 %
    Revenue
1,292.0
   Business profit before R&D expenses
313.8
390.0
460.0
7.9 %
 Ratio/Revenue
24.3%
26.0%
27.1%
 R&D expenses
192.9
230.0
260.0
6.1 %
 Business profit
 120.9
160.0
200.0
10.6 %
Ratio/Revenue
 9.4%
10.7%
11.8%
ROE
 4.7%
6.0%
8.0 %
    2023E Otsuka is going to implement the business management with a
 2018A
2019E 2020E 2021E 2022E
2023E
https://www.otsuka.com/en/ir/library/presentation.html
¥1,700.0bn
corporatewide awareness of capital costs during this mid-term period and promote it throughout the Group.
In business and strategic investing, Otsuka will work to improve its return on invested capital (ROIC) for a medium- to long-term time horizon by monitoring its ROIC while actively investing for new value creation.
In financing activities, Otsuka will secure necessary funds for growth investments while considering the optimal capital structure.
Through these efforts, we aim to maximize our corporate value.
Presentation materials for the Third Medium-Term Management Plan are available on the Otsuka Holdings website.
•Awareness of capital costs reflecting business risks
•Performance assessments taking into account capital costs
  ROIC improvement on mid-long term basis (return from business )
Business and investment strategies
ROIC management
(Maximize existing business value)
Active investment to create new value
 Optimal financing (capital cost )
Financial policy
Optimal capital structure
  Pharmaceutical business
NC business
Consumer and Other businesses
¥1,080.0 bn
¥ 450.0 bn
Maximize corporate value
   18 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 19
* Revenue from external customers
+¥408.0bn

 Feature
Access to
 Fight against Tuberculosis—
An Old Disease with a New Face
 Global public health improved thanks to DELTYBA, a tuberculosis drug
The United Nations (UN) Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) were adopted in 2000. Among the MDGs, the goal to combat HIV/ AIDS has made great progress. Then, in 2015, the UN announced its Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which inherit the ideals of the MDGs, and embarked on new initiatives to achieve these goals. Deploying its tuberculosis drug, DELTYBA, the Otsuka group is seek- ing to eliminate tuberculosis, which is listed as target 3.3 in the SDGs, and also contribute to improvement of global public health.
  20
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
What is tuberculosis?
It is an airborne infectious disease where
tuberculosis mycobacteria enter the body and
multiply, mainly in the lungs, resulting in
symptoms such as coughing and production of
sputum. In serious cases, the infection can cause
breathing difficulties and affect other organs,
potentially resulting in death. While highly contagious, the
disease takes hold in 5–10% of cases, and may develop several years after infection due to a weakening immune system.
Feature: Access to Medicine
Medicine
 Number of individuals infected with mycobacterium tuberculosis
Approx1. .7billion
Tuberculosis still spreading
worldwide
Tuberculosis is still spreading worldwide. Tuberculosis is one of the world’s top three infectious diseases, along with malaria and HIV/AIDS. Approximately 10 million people develop tuberculosis each year, of whom around 1.3 million die*, making it the lead- ing cause of death among infectious diseases. Moreover, tuber- culosis is highly contagious. About 1.7 billion people are said to be infected with mycobacterium tuberculosis (M.TB) bacteria out of a global population of 7 billion.
M.TB, which may develop into active tuberculosis disease, is
a very “stubborn bacterium,” and patients who have contracted
the disease must continue taking multiple medications in combi-
nation, sometimes for six months or more due to drug-resistant
strains. TB is prevalent in many low- and middle-income coun-
tries and low-resource settings. Because tuberculosis requires
long-term treatment, it represents a major economic challenge
in high-burden countries.
* WHO Global Tuberculosis Report 2018
 Global Distribution of Tuberculosis Patients
Annual deaths from tuberculosis
Approx1. .3million
Limitations of conventional medici-
nal treatment.
Currently, multiple drugs are used to treat tuberculosis. If only one drug is administered, the bacteria become resistant to it, so treatment usually involves administering three to four drugs. In most cases, drug-sensitive tuberculosis can be successfully treated with first-line drugs and proper case management. In recent years, however, the emergence of resistance to tubercu- losis drugs has become widespread. Discontinuation of medica- tion for some reason, such as irregular doses or side effects, gives rise to bacteria that are resistant to the drugs that have been taken. Among these are multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) bacteria that have become resistant to rifampicin and isoniazid, the two most potent first-line therapeutic agents. Extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) is resistant to an even greater number of drugs, representing a major global challenge in the campaign to control the disease.
SDGs target 3.3
By 2030, end the epidemics of HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria, and neglected tropical diseases and combat
hepatitis, water- borne infections, and other commu- nicable diseases
       0~24
25 – 99 100 – 199 200 – 299
≥300
No data
Not applicable
  Reference: WHO Global Tuberculosis Report 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 21
   
                       DELTYBA is improving global health アバニア ビステラ
  drugs in 50 years
大塚製薬 工場
Birth of DELTYBA
“If nobody does it, Otsuka must do it.”
大塚製薬
大鵬薬品
大塚製薬 大鵬薬品
DELTYBA received approval for the treatment of MDR-TB in 2014. It has a completely different mechanism of action com- pared with previous therapeutic agents, and is also effective against tuberculosis bacteria that have become resistant to exist- ing drugs. Therefore, it is expected to play a role as a therapeutic drug for MDR-TB which is becoming more and more serious. In 2015, DELTYBA was included in the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines (list of priority drugs in any country).
DELTYBA is one of the newest tuberculosis drugs approved in the world in the last 50 years. Although MDR-TB is currently gaining prominent attention, tuberculosis research was regarded as “out of fashion” in the pharmaceutical industry until recently. That is because after rifampicin was discovered in 1964 it was thought that tuberculosis had become a treatable disease. In the 1970s, when many researchers and research institutes around the world stopped development, Otsuka was the only company to continue research, based on the belief that “Tuberculosis is a serious global health problem, and we must continue our research if nobody else does it.” DELTYBA was created after more than 30 years of such research activities. Otsuka Pharma- ceutical remains actively engaged in R&D on new tuberculosis
Wholly owned subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Novel Products GmbH
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Order from programs
大塚製薬 工場
アステックス
drugs. According to a 2017 report published by the Treatment Action Group (TAG), a patient advocacy group for combating HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis, Otsuka Pharmaceutical was the larg- est private funder of TB research and development.
 DELTYBA: Supply route via StopTB/GDF
Feature: Access to Medicine
   One of the first new
External Collaborations
Expanding access to tuberculosis drugs in low-income countries in collabora- tion with the Stop TB Partnership’s Global Drug Facility (StopTB/GDF)*
DELTYBA is one of the first new tuberculosis drugs approved in the last 50 years, but this is meaningless if the drug is not acces- sible to patients. That said, there are many tuberculosis patients in developing countries of Africa, Asia, and other regions where the Otsuka Group does not have a business base. For this reason, we began working with the Stop TB Partnership’s Global Drug Facility (StopTB/GDF), an organization dedicated to expanding access to quality-assured tuberculosis drugs and diagnostic agents and ensuring the sustainable procurement of those drugs in developing countries. StopTB/GDF now supplies DELTYBA to more than 80 countries, and more than 70% of patients cur- rently taking this drug receive their medicines procured by StopTB/GDF, highlighting the organization’s excellent contribu- tion to expanding access.
* Founded in 2001, the Stop TB Partnership has a mission to serve every person who is vulnera- ble to tuberculosis and to ensure that high-quality diagnosis, treatment and care are available to all who need it. StopTB/GDF is the largest global provider of quality-assured anti-tuberculo- sis medicines, diagnostics, and laboratory supplies to the public sector while also providing technical assistance to TB programs and supporting wide use of innovative tools.
Topics
アバニア
ビステラ
アステックス
GDF
   Delivery
  Top Ten Funders of TB Research in 2017
  Funding Organization
1 U.S. NIH
3 USAID
7 Company X 9 U.S. CDC
Sector
Public
Public
Private Public
Total (USD)
245,461,895
33,989,472
20,550,920 18,256,200
Percent of Total Funding
32%
4%
3% 2%
GDF’s supply agency
Delivery
Delivery
Medical institution/patient
Order from programs
 2
 Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
 Philanthropic
127,953,459
17%
  Government agencies and relevant NGOs in countries earmarked for support from global funds
4
 Unitaid
 Multilateral
28,556,016
4%
5
Otsuka Pharmaceuticals
Private
22,773,887
3%
6
 U.K. DFID
 Public
20,642,634
3%
 8
 European Commission
 Public
19,275,723
3%
10
 EDCTP
 Public
17,708,217
2%
 Cooperation with Japa- nese government on DELTYBA
We also cooperate with and receive support from the Japanese govern- ment in various ways. These include support with access initiatives over- seas to sharing educational infor- mation at international conferences and events.
One of the eight items in the economic cooperation plan agreed to by Japanese and Russian leaders is improving medical care and promoting healthy life spans. At the Eastern Economic Forum held in Vladivostok on September 7, 2017, Japan’s Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, made a speech about mutual cooperation aimed at getting swift approval for DELTYBA in Russia. In that speech, he said, “In the fight against tuberculosis, Japan and Russia have joined hands.”
At a United Nations General Assembly High-Level Meeting on Tuberculosis held in New York City on September 26, 2018, Katsunobu Kato, Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, gave a speech on developing treatments for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Japan and contributing to eradication of the disease worldwide, and at the same time adopted the political declaration toward eliminating tuberculosis.
   DELTYBA Research History
1964 rifampicin was discovered as standard treatment for tuberculosis
   1971
1982
2004
2014
2015
2016
2017
2017
Otsuka Pharmaceutical commenced drug discovery research to work on infectious disease as one its key the themes
Full-scale research into tuberculosis drugs was started
Clinical trials were started for OPC-67683 (later DELTYBA) for the treatment of tuberculosis
DELTYBA was approved and launched in Europe and Japan as a therapeutic drug for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB)
DELTYBA was added to WHO Model List of Essential Medicines
Agreement was concluded with the Stop TB Partnership’s Global Drug Facility (GDF).
      Licensing agreement was executed with R-Pharm of Russia for the manufacture and commercialization of DELTYBA in the Russian Federation and 12 surrounding countries
Licensing agreement was executed with Mylan of India to expand DELTYBA approval and commercialization activities in high-burden countries
  22 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 23

                DELTYBA is improving global health
 Establishing a supply network which
will save patients around the world
Expanding access to patients worldwide
Numerous collaborations have been formed to combat tubercu- losis and other diseases that threaten global health, such as with the WHO, United Nations, and various national governments who provide active support. In addition to its aforementioned cooperation with GDF, Otsuka Pharmaceutical contributes to the health of people around the world through various collaborative initiatives with its many stakeholders. These include our partici- pation in the Global Health Innovative Technology Fund (GHIT), a Japanese public–private partnership established to address infec- tious diseases worldwide, as well as cooperation with programs spearheaded by Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Bor- ders (MSF). We have also obtained support from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation for the development of new tubercu- losis treatment methods, and we have formed alliances with various global companies with strengths in public health and operations in the areas where we do not have business opera- tions (Mylan in India/South Africa and R-Pharm in Russia).
In March 2017, we launched a new delamanid clinical access program (DCAP) in cooperation with the South African government. The aim of the national program is to give patients with MDR-TB swift access to DELTYBA before regulatory approval. In other initiatives, Otsuka Pharmaceutical is working to establish sustainable drug delivery systems at affordable prices, so that patients around the world who need DELTYBA can be treated regardless of socioeconomic status or income level. As of June 2019, more than 80 countries are expanding use of DELTYBA based on this multifaceted approach.
大塚製薬
大鵬薬品
大塚製薬
工場
アステックス
アバニア
ビステラ
Interview
 An indispensable company in global health
At our R&D institutes, we conduct unique research that does not imitate other companies and pursue what only Otsuka can do. DELTYBA is the embodiment of such efforts. Tuberculosis is a serious global health problem, and our approach to the problem—the belief that somebody must keep confronting the disease— has remained unchanged even now after more than 40 years since Otsuka initiated its research. Based on our corporate philosophy “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide,” we will con- tinue working with external stakeholders to benefit global health with a sense of speed and commitment. Through these activities, we will continue to address issues that have not been solved globally. In the pro- cess, we believe, we will fulfill our aim of becoming an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide.
Keiso Yamasaki
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Global Project Leader of TB Project
  Value Creation Section
 26 Growth Trajectory
28 Seeking to provide value through business
30 Value Creation Model 32 Financial Highlights
34 Non-Financial Highlights
 Hi-z Tower
The building pictured is part of the Tokushima Research Institute and named after the drug that laid the foundation of the Otsuka group’s pharmaceutical business. The ceramic mural on the wall was designed by Taro Okamoto and called Inochi Odoru, or “dancing life”, named by a notable Tokushima writer and activist Jakucho Setouchi. Other research centers of Otsuka Pharmaceutical are situated nearby.
25
 Column
 Next-generation tuberculosis drug candidate, OPC-167832
Otsuka Pharmaceutical is conducting research into tuberculosis drugs that will follow DELTYBA. The latest development is a compound called OPC-167832, which as of 2019 is undergoing initial trials in South Africa to confirm its safety and efficacy.
OPC-167832 kills tuberculosis bacteria through a mechanism that inhibits the activity of enzymes that are essen-
tial for synthesizing mycobacterium tuberculosis cell walls. Because its mechanism of action differs completely
from those of existing anti-tuberculosis drugs, including DELTYBA, it is expected to be effective as a treatment for various strains of TB. In developing the drug, we are also receiving support from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which has cited elimination of tuberculosis worldwide as one of its top priorities. We will continue engaging in TB R&D with the aim of establishing innovative treatment methods.
 24 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
  
Growth Trajectory
— From chemical raw materials to pharmaceuticals, beverages, and foods
Value Creation Section
   Foundation phase
Started business in Naruto, Tokushima Prefecture in Japan The Otsuka group started out in 1921 as a manufacturer of chemical raw materi- als for the production of magnesium carbonate derived from bittern, the residue that remains in salt pans after salt production. This business made steady progress to supply a broader range of pharmacopeia raw materials and then in 1946 we entered the IV solutions business and expanded nation- wide with the launch of our own intra- venous drip solution.
Growth phase
Numerous unique products opened up new markets and diversified our business
During this period the group leveraged the technologies and know-how cultivated from the expansion of its IV solutions and clinical nutrition products businesses to successively spawn its unique core brands—the ion supply drink POCARI SWEAT, the balanced nutritional food Calorie Mate, and the world’s first commercial retort pouch food product Bon Curry. In 1971 we started in-house pharmaceutical R&D and established the group’s business foundation to deliver total healthcare solutions via the twin business segments of pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals.
Since the Otsuka group’s founding in 1921 as a chemical raw material manufacturer, we have built on the IV solutions business that spurred the group’s growth and continued to diversify our operations and achieve steady growth by bringing to market a series of original products such as Oronine H Ointment, ORONAMIN C drink, Bon Curry, POCARI SWEAT, and Calorie Mate, as well as pharmaceuticals such as the antipsychotic agent ABILIFY, a drug with a novel mechanism of action, and Samsca, the world’s first oral aquaretic drug.
Expansion phase
Seeking further global growth as a total healthcare company
In the pharmaceutical business, the antipsychotic agent ABILIFY—which first went on sale in the US in 2002—is now available through prescription in roughly 60 countries and regions and has greatly accelerated the Otsuka group’s global expansion. Even today, the therapeutic drugs we have pro- duced under our in-house drug discovery program are helping to treat diseases worldwide. These pharmaceuticals include the long-acting antipsychotic agent ABILIFY MAINTENA, the new antipsy- chotic agent REXULTI, the V2-receptor antagonist Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE, and the anti-cancer agent LONSURF. In the nutraceuticals business, our group companies are addressing health issues and needs in different corners of the world. For example, Pharmavite, which operates a nutritional supplements business mainly in the US, Nutrition & Santé, a nutritional food company in Europe, and Daiya Foods, which develops plant-based foods in North America.
2014
     World’s first commercially available food product in a retort pouch, Bon Curry
Balanced nutritional food,
Calorie Mate
 ((Biillliions off yen)) 1,,500
  1,,200
            900
“Quality is vital in a factory and so is packaging. We have to manufacture and market, putting ourselves in the consumer’s position.”
The Otsuka group’s guiding precept in the founder’s handwriting. It expresses a commitment to quality and still serves as the basis for Otsuka’s manufacturing today.
International business development phase
Started aggressive global expansion
Drawing on the advanced technological know-how cultivated in Japan, we started to expand the IV solutions business to overseas markets in the 1970s. We cur- rently have 15 business companies worldwide manufacturing and selling our products. We are committed to local manufacturing with the aim of maintaining and improving quality, which we think contributes to local communities mainly in the form of fair product pricing and employment creation. We also began to
market POCARI SWEAT overseas in 1982, a product that is now sold in more than 20 countries and regions.
2013
Launched ABILIFY MAINTENA
Launched LONSURF Launched EQUELLE
2015
Launched JINARC and REXULTI
2009
Launched Samsca
           600
Original IV solution. With over 70 years of experience in the intravenous solutions business, we are a leading company at the forefront of Japan’s IV solutions industry.
1921
  Established Otsuka Seiyaku Kogyo-bu
1946
Started IV solutions business
1953
Launched
Oronine H Ointment
1965
1971
Established pharmaceutical research institute
1983 Launched Pletaal
China Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. In 1981 Otsuka became the first Japanese pharmaceutical company to establish a joint venture in China.
Indonesian high school students enjoy- ing POCARI SWEAT
1988
1999
Launched TS-1
2002
Launched ABILIFY
    300
1980
•Launched POCARI SWEAT •Launched first in-house devel-
oped pharmaceuticals, Mikelan and Meptin
Launched Calorie Mate 1984
Launched UFT
1990
Launched
Mucosta
          Launched ORONAMIN C DRINK
1968
Launched
Bon Curry
 0
21 30 40 50 65 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14* 15 16 17 18
Revenue Trend Nutraceuticals, consumer products, others Pharmaceuticals * Due to a change in the consolidated fiscal year, fiscal 2014 (ended December 31, 2014) was a transitional period covering the nine months from April 1 to December 31, 2014.
26 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 27
               
 <Social challenges> Unmet medical needs
From diagnosis to treatment Pharmaceutical Business
 <Social challenges> Yet-to-be imagined needs
Maintenance and improvement of day-to-day health
Nutraceutical Business
Seeking to provide value through business
<The value we aim to provide>
Total Healthcare
Doing what only Otsuka can do Innovative products
The Otsuka group contributes to people’s health worldwide by creating innovative products in two core businesses: the pharmaceutical business aims to addresses unmet medical needs, while the nutraceutical business seeks to fulfill yet-to-be imagined consumer needs.
Value Creation Section
               28 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 29

         Value Creation Model
Value Creation Section
          Diverse business activities
Underlying capital
Human capital
• Number of employees:
47,000*
• Diversity and inclusion
Diversity p.63
Financial capital
• Total assets:
¥2,476.6 billion
Manufacturing capital
• Manufacturing bases: 171*
Intellectual capital
• R&D expenses (pharmaceutical business):
¥205.7 billion
• Late-phase development projects:
41 projects
Projects in Phase II and later stages p.42
• Brands
Social and relationship capital*
•189companies •30countries and regions
Natural capital
Under our corporate philosophy of “Otsuka–people creating new products for better health worldwide,” the Otsuka group creates new value to address universal social challenges through various businesses and innovative prod- ucts. In doing so, we aim to provide total healthcare solutions based on the three quintessential management principles of ryukan godo (by sweat we recognize the way), jissho (actualization), and sozosei (creativity). By repeat- ing this value creation process, we aim to realize sustained development in society and sustained growth of the group with total healthcare solutions.
Innovative products
                 Sozosei
(creativity)
       Creation of social value
—Solving social challenges—
Total Healthcare
     Unmet medical needs
• Solutions that aim to rehabilitate patients suffering from psychiatric or neurological diseases
• Comprehensive patient-oriented cancer treatment
• World’s only therapeutic drugs developed from the voice in the real-world clinical settings
• Initiatives to eradicate tuberculosis
     Yet-to-be imagined needs
• Helping people maintain and improve their health through science-based product discovery
• Raising people’s health awareness through educational activities
     • Physical and mental health of employees; development of human resources
• Establishment of value chains aimed at realizing a sustain- able society
• Environmentally friendly manufacturing
    Jissho
(actualization)
    INPUT
Underlying capital
  Ryukan godo
(by sweat we recognize the way)
           Creation of social value
OUTCOME
       *Scope: Otsuka Holdings and its 162 subsidiaries and 26 affiliated companies (as of December 31, 2018).
    30 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 31
  
Financial Highlights
*Due to a change in the consolidated fiscal year, fiscal 2014 (ended December 31, 2014) was a transitional period covering the nine months
Revenue
(¥ billion)
2,000 1,500 1,000
500
0
2014*
(J-GAAP)
R&D expenses in pharmaceutical business
50.0
4.2% 50.0 ¥ billion YoY %
25.2 24.1
¥
24.3% 25.2 billion YoY %
51.3 1,292 1,390
205.7
2018
215.0
2019
(Plan)
R&D expenses in pharmaceutical business increased by 24.3% from the previous year, as a result of active R&D investments to maximize the value of our in-house developed products in the core therapeutic areas of psychiatry and neurology, oncology, and cardiovascular and renal system.
Value Creation Section
  (%)
Revenue
Overseas sales Up ratio
(¥ billion)
300
200
100
0
(%)
30
20
10
0
90
R&D expenses in pharmaceutical business
R&D expenses ratio in Down pharmaceutical business
  60
40
20
0
1,292
Revenue grew 4.2% from the previous year, mainly due to growth in sales of our growth drivers in the pharmaceutical business, which are three global products (ABILIFY MAINTENA, Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE, and REXULTI) and new products in Japan. Growing sales volume of POCARI SWEAT in the nutraceu- tical business also contributed to our revenue growth.
205.7
            Revenue
Overseas sales ratio
Operating profit
R&D expenses in pharmaceutical business
R&D expenses ratio in pharmaceutical business
  Operating profit
Total assets
(¥ billion)
3,000
2015
(IFRS)
2016
2017
2018
2019
(Plan)
2014*
(J-GAAP)
2015
(IFRS)
2016
2017
  (¥ billion)
200 150 100
50 0
(%)
Up
4.0% YoY
Operating profit margin
(%)
Total assets
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the Company to total assets
68.8
  20 150.0 15
108.3
8.4
2,476.6
%
       108.3
8.4
2018
10.8
2019
(Plan)
10 5 0
Operating profit increased by 4.0% from the previous year. In 2,000 spite of increased R&D expenses and one-time expenses includ-
ing an impairment loss, increased revenue in the pharmaceutical
and nutraceutical businesses absorbed them.
68.8
2018
100
60
30
0
80
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the Company to total assets has been maintained at a high level. We are promoting active investment to enhance competitiveness and business growth as well as pursuing operational efficiency.
Total assets
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the Company to total assets
¥
billion
%¥
billion
2,476.6
    Operating profit
Operating profit margin
0
1,000
  2014*
(J-GAAP)
2015
(IFRS)
2016
2017
2014*
(J-GAAP)
2015
(IFRS)
2016
2017
100
Profit attributable to owners of the Company
Dividend per share
100
  (¥ billion)
200 150 100
50 0
(%)
Profit attributable to owners of the Company
Down
26.7% YoY
Ratio of profit attributable to owners of the Company
(¥)
(%)
Dividend per share
100
Dividend pay-out ratio
  12 9 6 3 0
82.5
6.4
65.7
%
     ¥
billion
%¥
 7.9 110.0
82.5
Profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased by 75 26.7% from the previous year since the US tax reform resulted in
a large reduction of deferred tax liability in the previous year. 50 Excluding the impact of the tax reform, this year’s results were at
almost the same level as the previous year.
65.7
2019
(Plan)
60 40 20 0
The Otsuka group considers profit distribution to shareholders is an important management issue. Our basic policy is that we maintain stable and continuous profit distribution while securing enough cash to invest for our business growth and prepare for changes in the business environment.
Dividend per share
Dividend pay-out ratio
6.4
49.3
    25 Ratio of profit attributable to owners of the Company 0
Profit attributable to owners of the Company
  32
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 33
2014*
(J-GAAP)
2015
(IFRS)
2016
2017
2018 2019 (Plan)
2014* 2015
(J-GAAP) (IFRS)
2016
2017
2018

Non-Financial Highlights
Number of employees
Total CO2 emissions
Value Creation Section
   (number)
35,000 30,000 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
Number of employees
Ratio of employees outside (thousand tons-CO2) Japan
(ton/¥ million)
Total CO2 emissions
2030 Target:
Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% compared to 2017
32,935 58.2 1,000
842
           2016
2017
Japan
Female manager ratio
8.1%
The Otsuka group believes that the active involvement of diverse human resources in a free and open workplace environment invokes creativity, which in turn leads to sustainable corporate growth. Accordingly, we actively promote diversity, including the active participation of female employees.
2016
2017
2018
Female manager ratio
(number)
400
200
Energy composition (calorie conversion)
32,935
58.2%
41.8%
2018
8.1
280
0.70
0.35
0
(%)
0 20 40 60 80 100 2016
%
0.65
842
thousand tons-CO2
The Otsuka group strives to utilize diverse human resources in 750 order to adapt to the acceleration of the global business expan-
sion and the varied social needs. Our employee ratio outside 500 Japan increased from 52% in 2014 to approximately 58% in
2018.
250
Outside Japan
*Scope: Otsuka Holdings and its 162 subsidiaries 0
Japan 38.5% Indonesia 20.8% India 15.2% North America 7.5% South Korea 7.1% China 5.9% Europe 2.2% Other 2.9%
The Otsuka group is working to reduce our total CO2 emissions by making more efficient use of energy through the use of cogeneration systems and renewable energy. In fiscal 2018, total CO2 emissions increased from the previous year, due to an increase in production resulting from the acceleration of our global expansion.
Total CO2 emissions CO2 emissions per sales
*Scope: Calculated for the consolidated subsidiaries of the Otsuka group, and the compa-
nies that constitute the top 95% or more of CO2 emissions originating from energy.
               (number)
400
200
0
Female Male
Number of employees acquiring childcare leave
287
The Otsuka group supports employees in achieving a balance between childcare and work, through measures including the opening of three workplace nursery facilities, the holding of seminars on achieving a balance between childcare and work, and the enhancement of various related systems.
Female Male
Scope: 6 companies: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharma- ceutical, Otsuka Chemical, Otsuka Warehouse, and Otsuka Foods
Emissions from other categories
21.1%
Category 11
Emissions from use of our sold products
5.6%
Category 1
Emissions from purchased goods and services
53.5%
Scope 1
7.0%
Scope 2
12.8%
Scope 3
80.2%
1,399
The Otsuka group assesses environmental impacts throughout the value chain for its five major companies in Japan with large environmental impacts. In addition to emissions due to corporate activities (Scopes 1, 2), we calculate the emissions stemming from the activities of suppliers, customers, and other parties (Scope 3). We will continue our efforts to calculate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, with the aim of further reducing our CO2 emissions throughout the value chain.
5 companies: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods
00 2016 2017 2018
9.3 9.5 4.7 5.1
6.3 6.6 9.2 9.4 7.1 8.1 7.3 7.4
2017
2018
1.0 3.1 14.5
Purchased electric power
Natural gas
Heavy oil, etc.
Other (purchased steam, coal, etc.) Renewable energy
*Scope: Calculated for the consolidated subsidiaries of the Otsuka group, and the compa- nies that constitute the top 95% or more of CO2 emissions originating from energy.
8
4
(%)
(%)
 Otsuka Pharmaceutical 9.0 Otsuka Pharmaceutical 4.6
Factory
Taiho Pharmaceutical 6.2 Otsuka Chemical 8.6 Otsuka Warehouse 10.4 Otsuka Foods 7.0
Number of female managers
Female manager ratio
Number of employees acquiring childcare leave
GHG emissions throughout the value chain in fiscal 2018 GHG emissions
Scope: 6 companies: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharma- ceutical, Otsuka Chemical, Otsuka Warehouse, and Otsuka Foods
51.2
30.2
         34
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 35
287
136
151
1,399
thousand tons-CO2
thousand tons-CO2
 2016
202 63
2017 2018 177 151
101 136
(number)

Non-Financial Highlights
Water usage and water use efficiency
  (thousand m3)
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
2016
(thousand m3/¥ 100million)
1.60
1.58
1.56
1.54
13,010
1.52
1.51
2018
Water usage
2030 Target:
Improve water use efficiency by 15% compared to 2017
      2017
Resource recycling rate and final disposal amount
19,463 6,452
19,463
1.50
*Scope: Calculated for the consolidated subsidiaries of the Otsuka group, and the compa- nies that constitute the top 95% or more of CO2 emissions originating from energy.
3 thousand m
We assess the state of water risk and the amount of water used at our manufacturing sites around the world, as we work to achieve community-based management and the effective use of water resources in order to achieve a sustainable society.
 Outside Japan
In Japan
  (tons)
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
(%) Resource recycling rate
100.0 99.0 98.0 97.0
99.5
The 14 Otsuka group companies in Japan have been promoting the recycling and reuse of resources and achieved a 99.5% recy- cling rate and zero emissions (based on our internal standard of a recycling rate of 99% or higher) in fiscal 2018.
We will continue striving for zero emissions and undertaking the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle).
Final disposal amount Resource recycling rate *Scope: 14 major consolidated subsidiaries in Japan
   36
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
2016
2017
166 96.0 95.0
2018
99.5
%
 Business Strategy Section
 38 Research and Development
38 R&D Activities —Pharmaceutical Business
40 Core Product Development
42 Projects in Phase II and later stages
44 Pharmaceutical Business
44 Social Challenges/Strengths/ Overview
46 Overview of therapeutic areas
49 Taking up the challenge of addressing unmet medical needs
50 Nutraceutical Business
50 Social Challenges/Strengths/ Overview
52 Global Expansion 54 R&D Framework
55 Consumer Products Business
56 Other Businesses
 10th Research Center
(Tokushima Research Institute)
Pictured is the Otsuka group’s drug discovery center building, which houses pharmacology and synthesis departments. It also provides a space where researchers from different
disciplines can freely exchange information with each other and engage in discussion.
37
 
                                             Research and Development
R&D Activities—Pharmaceutical Business
Powered by aggressive R&D investments, we aim to contribute to unmet medical needs by creating inno- vative products.
アバニア
大塚製薬
アステックス
ビステラ
Proprietary drug discovery business model
—Generating new strengths and innovation through group cooperation—
Avanir Pharmaceuticals
Business Strategy Section
     R&D policy
Driven by our corporate philosophy of “Otsuka—people creating new products for better health worldwide,” the Otsuka group aims to achieve highly innovative drug discovery to find solutions for unmet medical needs. With this goal in mind, we engage in multi- lateral R&D activities.
In addition to collaboration between group companies boast- ing expertise in numerous fields, we are working to bolster our in-house drug discovery platform, including human resources devel- opment, through access to innovative technologies and ideas involving research support and network-building with universities, research institutes, and bio-ventures that possess leading-edge research technology and drug discovery seeds.
*1: Ratio of in-house drug discovery projects in late-phase development projects *2: R&D expenses in pharmaceutical business
*3: Phase II or later stage of development as of December 31, 2018
大塚製薬 工場
アバニア ビ1 In-house drug discovery*
大鵬薬品
アステックス
大塚製薬 工場
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Astex Pharmaceuticals
Visterra, Inc.
     R&D expenses
R&D expenses ratio*2
25
アバニア
大塚製薬
Taiho Pharmaceutical
205.7
85 ステラ 大塚製薬 %
アバニア
大塚製薬
ビステラ
アステックス
大鵬薬品
Hierotope® platform —Visterra’s proprietary antibody platform technology—
¥ billion
工場
大塚製薬 工場
大塚製薬 大鵬薬品
大鵬薬品
ビステラ
アステックス
The Otsuka group has built a solid foundation that continues to drive innovation ahead of its time through our own drug discovery research centering on Otsuka Pharmaceutical, which has R&D strengths in the areas of psychiatry and neurology, Taiho Pharmaceutical, which possesses its own drug discovery technology platform with a focus on oncology, and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, a leading company in intravenous solutions. We have also welcomed into the group Astex Phar- maceuticals, a pioneer in fragment-based drug discovery, Avanir Pharmaceuticals, which boasts strengths in develop- ment in the field of neurological diseases, and Visterra, Inc. a company possessing unique antibody platform technology. By mutually sharing cutting-edge proprietary technology, inherent viewpoints, and the strong desire to challenge difficult-to-treat diseases, we are continuing to take our R&D to the next level to generate new strengths and innovation.
  R&D bases
Basic research Clinical development
CHINA
Otsuka Shanghai Research Institute Otsuka Beijing Research Institute
Taiho Pharmaceutical of Beijing Co., Ltd.
SOUTH KOREA
Korea Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Singapore
Taiho Pharma Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Development & Commercialization, Inc.
Astex Pharmaceuticals
(clinical development)
Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Taiho Oncology, Inc. Visterra, Inc.
U.S.
%
Late-phase development projects*3
41
     TOPIC
  EUROPE
ASIA
UK
Astex Pharmaceuticals
(drug discovery and preclinical development)
Otsuka Europe Development & Commercialization, Ltd.
Taiho Pharma Europe, Ltd.
GERMANY
Otsuka Novel Products GmbH
JAPAN
Tokushima
Visterra possesses proprietary antibody platform technology—
the Hierotope® platform. It enables the design of antibody drugs
by targeting identified epitopes thought to be essential to pro-
tein function and simulating on a computer the binding of epi-
topes to the substructure of countless antibodies. Hierotope®
refers to the region comprised of a robust three-dimensional
structure of amino acids that is believed to play a critical role in
the structure, function, and activity of protein. Using a combina-
tion of computational and experimental methods, this technol-
       38 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 39
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Department of Drug Discovery Strategy Department of Medical Innovations Department of CNS Research
Department of Renal and Cardiovascular Research
Medicinal Chemistry Research Laboratories Department of Lead Discovery Research Tokushima Research Institute
Formulation Research Institute
Diagnostic Division, R&D Department
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Discovery and Preclinical Research Division (Tokushima area)
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory
Naruto Research Institute, Research and Development Center
Technical Center
Shiga
 Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Fujii Memorial Research Institute
Hyogo
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Ako Research Institute
Ibaraki
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Discovery and Preclinical Research Division (Tsukuba area)
Tokyo
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Diagnostic Division, R&D Department Headquarters of Clinical Development
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory
Research and Development Center Clinical Development Department
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Clinical Development Division
Osaka
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Headquarters of Clinical Development
ogy designs and engineers antibodies that strongly bind to ®
 Hierotope . Unlike traditional approaches, this completely novel technology enables the design and development of antibodies for disease and drug discovery targets hitherto considered diffi- cult. We thus aim to provide new therapeutic drugs for diseases where unmet medical needs still remain.

Research and Development
Core Product Development
Psychiatry & Neurology
[ brexpiprazole ]
Brexpiprazole is a new antipsychotic agent with a novel mecha- nism of action known as serotonin-dopamine activity modulator (SDAM)*1. It is sold under the brand name REXULTI as an adjunc- tive therapy for major depressive disorders and as a schizophre- nia treatment in the US. In Japan and Europe it is only used for schizophrenia treatment. Clinical trials are currently underway to utilize the properties of this agent in order to provide effective methods of treatment in other unmet fields, such as for agitation associated with dementia of the Alzheimer’s type or post-trau- matic stress disorder (PTSD).
It is estimated that approximately 10 million*2 people in the G7 countries suffer from Alzheimer’s and many of those patients are said to exhibit some form of behavioral disorder such as excessive motor activity, verbal aggression, or physical aggression. These symptoms have an impact on not just the patient—they place a strain on family members and caregivers and significantly affect quality of life. PTSD is a mental disorder that develops as a result of exposure to a traumatic event or experiencing severe mental stress, including earthquakes and other natural disasters, fires, accidents, violence, or criminal damage. A person suffering from PTSD may be afflicted with trauma-driven fear and anxiety even after a long time has elapsed. The number of PTSD patients in the G7 countries is estimated to be around 20 million*3.
*1 Provides a combination of partial agonist activity at serotonin 5-HT1A and dopamine D2 receptors, and antagonist activity at serotonin 5-HT2A receptors.
*2 © 2019 Alzheimer’s Disease - Epidemiology - Mature Markets Data, Total prevalent cases of AD, DR/Decision Resources, LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction, distribution, transmission or publication is prohibited.
*3 © 2019 Post Traumatic Stress Disorder - Epidemiology – Mature Markets Data, Total 12-month prevalent cases - Full Detail, © DR/ Decision Resources, LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction, distribution, transmission or publication is prohibited.
[ AVP-786 ]
AVP-786 is a new compound of deuterium-modified dextro- methorphan and quinidine. The drug is currently being studied in Phase III trials as a candidate for moderate-to-severe agitation in patients with Alzheimer’s dementia and has been granted a fast
track designation by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Clinical trials of AVP-786 are also ongoing for other psychiatric and neurological disorders where many unmet medical needs exist, such as patients with negative symptoms of schizophrenia, traumatic brain injury, and intermittent explosive disorder.
[ centanafadine ]
Centanafadine has a triple reuptake inhibitor action mechanism that modulates norepinephrine, serotonin, and dopamine reuptake. It is currently undergoing Phase III trials in the US as a candidate for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults. ADHD is a developmental disorder characterized by diffi- culty paying attention (easily distracted, forgetful), excessive activity, and impulsiveness (fidgeting, unable to sit still). It is estimated that in the US there are 12 million potential ADHD patients among adults and 8.2 million among children*4. With no fundamental treatment method, stimulant drugs are usually prescribed, but they pose other problems, such as their effect on the central nervous system, mental dependency, and drug resis- tance, while abuse of stimulants is also seen as a problem. Accordingly, a safer drug with a lower risk of abuse that can achieve comparable efficacy to stimulant drugs is needed.
*4 © 2019 Attention-Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder - Epidemiology - Mature Markets Data, Total pediatric and adult ADHD prevalent cases - DSM-IV - Full Detail, DR/Decision Resources, LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction, distribution, transmission or publica- tion is prohibited.
[ fremanezumab ]
Fremanezumab is an anti-calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) monoclonal antibody for the prevention of migraines. It is admin- istered monthly as a subcutaneous injection. It is expected to prevent migraines by selectively binding to CGRP, thought to be a key factor in the cause of migraines, thus inhibiting CGRP binding to its receptor. The Otsuka group has concluded an exclusive license agreement with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries for the development and commercialization in Japan. The drug is currently undergoing Phase III trials in Japan as a candidate for the prevention of episodic and chronic migraines.
[ TAS-116 ]
TAS-116 has the potential to exhibit anti-tumor effects by inhibit- ing heat shock protein 90 (HSP90) and destabilizing and reducing multiple proteins involved in cancer growth and survival. HSP90 is known to be particularly important in the survival and mainte- nance of cancer cells because it is expressed highly in cancer cells and tumor tissue and exists in a highly activated state. A Phase III
Cardiovascular & Renal
[ vadadustat ]
Vadadustat is an oral therapeutic drug currently subject to Phase III trials as a candidate for the treatment of anemia associated with chronic kidney disease in non-dialysis and dialysis patients. It works to stabilize and modulate the hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF), the transcription factor that activates erythropoietin, by inhibiting HIF prolyl hydroxylase (HIF-PH), the enzyme that breaks down HIF. HIF responds to changes in oxygen concentration and controls gene expression involved in the production of red blood cells. HIF also acts to improve iron mobilization and by coordinat- ing interdependent processes, it boosts red blood cell production and, ultimately, oxygen delivery. Under an agreement with Akebia Therapeutics, the Otsuka group has acquired the rights to joint development and marketing of vadadustat in the US, joint development and exclusive marketing in Europe, and exclusive development and marketing in Canada, Australia, China, and other countries*, but excluding Central and South America.
*Countries outside of Japan and Asia (Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, etc.), where Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma has acquired a license for the drug.
trial is ongoing for this drug as a candidate for treating gastroin- testinal stromal tumor (GIST), one of the rarer forms of cancer in Japan. GIST is a malignant type of tumor that occurs in the wall of the gastrointestinal tract and many patients often experience a recurrence or metastasis. The incidence rate in Japan is around 1–2 per 100,000 people.
[ Ultrasound renal denervation treatment device ]
Renal denervation system is a new treatment method that has the potential to effectively lower blood pressure in patients with hypertension for whom existing hypotensive drugs are unable to do so. This technology downregulates hyperactivity of the renal sympathetic nerves by using a catheter-based system to percuta- neously deliver ablations to the sympathetic nerves surrounding the renal arteries with heat generated from radio or ultrasound waves. The renal denervation device being developed by US-based Otsuka group company ReCor Medical utilizes a mini- mally invasive procedure on blood vessel walls to efficiently achieve nerve ablation effects. The system is characterized by delivering ablations concentrically to the renal sympathetic nerves using ultrasound energy while the artery wall is kept cool by circulating water within the artery. Trials are currently underway in the US to investigate the treatment of hypertension, and in Japan and South Korea to examine the potential for treating refractory hypertension.
Business Strategy Section
  Expected completion of Phase III trials for key drug developments (as of the end of June 2019) Psychiatry & neurology
      fremanezumab
Episodic migraines
PII/III-Japan, Sep 2019
2019
fremanezumab
Chronic migraines
PII/III-Japan, Oct 2019
AVP-786
Agitation in Alzheimer’s Dementia (1)
PIII-US/Europe, Oct 2019
centanafadine
AVP-786
Agitation in Alzheimer’s Dementia (2)
PIII-US/Europe, Jun 2021
brexpiprazole
Agitation in Alzheimer’s Dementia
PIII-US/Europe, Dec 2020
ADHD in adults
PIII-US, May 2020
     Oncology & Cancer Supportive Care
   [ guadecitabine ]
Guadecitabine is a next-generation, low-molecular-weight DNA methylation inhibitor that is designed to allow the active metab- olite decitabine to work longer in the body and thereby effi- ciently reach tissues such as the bone marrow. It is currently in Phase III trials for two indications: Relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in adults and Relapsed/refractory myelo- dysplastic syndromes (MDS) in adults.
[ ASTX727 ]
ASTX727 is the world’s first oral DNA methylation inhibitor com- bination drug containing the DNA methylation inhibitor decit- abine and metabolic enzyme (cytidine deaminase) inhibitor cedazuridine. The administration of currently approved methyla- tion inhibitors requires patients to visit hospital for an intrave- nous injection, but the orally administered ASTX727 has the potential to become a new treatment option that alleviates this burden on MDS patients. Having met primary endpoints in Phase III trials for the treatment of MDS, we are aiming to submit an application for approval before the end of 2019.
2020
        guadecitabine
Relapsed/refractory AML
PIII-global, Sep 2019
guadecitabine
Relapsed/refractory MDS
PIII-global, Jun 2020
vadadustat
Renal anemia (dialysis)
PIII-US/Europe, Mar 2020
tolvaptan
SIADH
PIII-Japan, Mar 2020
vadadustat
Renal anemia (non-dialysis)
PIII-US/Europe, Aug 2020
OPC-61815
Cardiac edema
PIII-Japan, Jul 2020
    Cardiovascular & renal
 Oncology & cancer supportive care
40 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 41

Research and Development
Projects in Phase II and later stages (as of March 31, 2019) Psychiatry & Neurology
Cardiovascular & Renal
Code (Generic name) <Brand name>
Features
OPC-41061 (tolvaptan) <Samsca>
V2 receptor antagonist
OPC-61815
V2 receptor antagonist
AKB-6548 (vadadustat)
HIF-prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor
Other areas
Code (Generic name) <Brand name>
Features
OPC-67683 (delamanid) <Deltyba>
Mycolic acid biosynthesis inhibitor
OPC-167832
DPrE1 inhibitor
OPA-15406
PDE4 inhibitor
OPS-2071
New quinolone based antibacterial agent
TAS-303
Selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors
TAS-115
Multi-kinase inhibitor
TAS5315
BTK inhibitor
OPF-105
(Glucose, electrolyte, amino acid, fat and vitamin)
VIS410
Anti-hemagglutinin monoclonal antibody
TAC-302
Diagnostics
Code (Generic name) <Brand name>
Features
C13-CAC
13C-calcium carbonate breath test
ODK-1003-CN
WT1 mRNA RT-PCR assay kit
Business Strategy Section
    Code (Generic name) <Brand name>
Features
OPC-34712 (brexpiprazole) <REXULTI>
Dopamine partial agonist
OPC-64005
Serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor
TAS-205
PGD synthase inhibitor
AVP-786
(deuterium-modified dextromethorphan, quinidine) NMDA receptor antagonist/Serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor/Sigma-1 receptor agonist
EB-1020 (centanafadine)
Norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin reuptake inhibitor
Lu AA36143 (nalmefene) <Selincro>
Opioid receptor antagonist
TEV-48125 (fremanezumab)
Anti-CGRP antibody
Oncology
Code (Generic name) <Brand name>
Features
TAS-102 (trifluridine, tipiracil) <LONSURF>
Interference with the function of DNA
TAS-118 (tegafur, gimeracil, oteracil, folinate)
Anti-metabolite
TAS-114
dUTPase inhibitor
TAS-115
Multi-kinase inhibitor
TAS-116
HSP90 inhibitor
TAS-120
FGFR inhibitor
TAS0313
Peptide vaccine
TAS0728
SGI-110 (guadecitabine)
DNA methyltransferase inhibitor
ASTX727
DNA methyltransferase inhibitor
ASTX660
IAP inhibitor
TBI-1301
NY-ESO-1 siTCR® gene therapies
TBI-1401 (canerpaturev)
Oncolytic Virus
TBI-1501
CD19 CAR gene therapies
Pro-NETU (fosnetupitant)
NK1 receptor antagonist
Origin
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Avanir
Neurovance Lundbeck Teva
Origin
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Astex
Astex
Astex
Takara Bio
Takara Bio
Takara Bio
Helsinn Healthcare
Indication
Major depressive disorder
Agitation associated with dementia of the Alzheimer’s type
Bipolar I disorder Posttraumatic stress disorder
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Duchenne muscular dystrophy
Agitation associated with dementia of the Alzheimer’s type
Negative symptoms of schizophrenia Traumatic brain injury
Intermittent explosive disorder
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder Alcohol dependence
Migraine
Indication
Colorectal cancer Gastric cancer
Gastric cancer
Non-small cell lung cancer
Prostate cancer
Gastrointestinal stromal tumor
Cholangiocarcinoma
Urothelial cancer
Solid tumors
Ovarian cancer
Acute myeloid leukemia Myelodysplastic syndrome
Myelodysplastic syndrome Solid tumors, Lymphomas Synovial sarcoma Melanom
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia Chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting
Country/ Region
Development status
Origin
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Akebia
Origin
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory
Visterra Meiji
Origin
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Indication
Country/ Region
Development status
Phase II
Phase III
Filed
Approved
Phase II
Phase III
Filed
Approved
    JP, EU, JP, US,
US, EU US, EU
US JP
US, EU
US US US
CN EU
Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion JP
Cardiac edema JP
                    *1
Anemia associated with chronic kidney disease
Indication
US, EU
Country/ Region
Development status
   Phase II
Phase III
*2
Filed
Approved
        US
JP
JP *1
Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis US
US Atopic dermatitis JP Clostridium difficile infection, enteric infection JP Stress urinary incontinence JP Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis JP Rheumatoid arthritis JP
Peripheral parenteral nutrition solution JP
Influenza A infection US Detrusor underactivity with overactive bladder JP
    Tuberculosis
                   Country/ Region
Development status
Phase II
Phase III
Filed
Approved
    CN US JP,EU
JP
JP, US,
JP
JP
JP, US,
JP
US, EU
US, EU JP, US, JP, US,
EU
EU
EU EU
Indication
Country/ Region
Development status
                               Phase II
Phase III
Filed
Approved
  *2
Measurement of gastric acidity JP Diagnosis for Myelodysplastic syndrome CN
         US
US
JP *2
JP *3 JP *2
JP
*1 Phase II/III
*2 Phase I/II
*3 Application by Takara Bio Inc.
               42 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 43

 Revenue ratio*
Business performance in fiscal 2018
(%)
(¥ billion)
Revenue 774.8 817.1
2017.12 2018.12
Japan 49.9 North America 28.9 Others 21.2
63.3%
Operating profit 82.7 84.8
2017.12 2018.12
     *Revenues to external customers
  ABILIFY MAINTENA
REXULTI
 Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE
 Pharmaceutical Business
Social Challenges/Strengths/Overview
Providing total healthcare solutions, from disease diagnosis to treatment.
Fiscal 2018 business overview and mainstay products
In fiscal 2018, both revenue and profit were boosted by higher sales revenue for new products in Japan and overseas, despite the impact of drug price revisions in Japan, lower sales revenue from long-listed drugs owing to campaigns promoting the use of generics, and higher R&D costs associated with progress made on late-phase development products. Sales revenue came to ¥817.1 billion (+5.5% YoY) and operating profit to ¥84.8 billion (+2.6%).
Business Strategy Section
       Social challenges
In line with the evolution of life sciences, a number of new drugs are discovered every year. However, there are still many diseases that lack effective treatment methods or diseases for which existing treatment and drugs are unsatisfactory. Address- ing the desire of all people to remain healthy is a universal and pressing issue.
In the pharmaceutical business, we have consistently embraced the challenge of solving issues from the standpoints of patients and medical professionals alike for roughly 50 years mainly in the fields of psychiatry and neurology, as well as oncol- ogy, where many unmet needs still exist.
Otsuka’s strengths
1 A corporate culture that
generates innovation
Each and every Otsuka group employee has a high regard for jissho (actualization) and sozosei (creativity)—the DNA of our corporate culture—and pursues innovation on a daily basis by always questioning common practice, from R&D departments to on-site operations.
2 Providing total healthcare
solutions, from diagnosis to
treatment of disease
We employ a holistic approach to people’s health and conduct business in a wide array of fields, including pharmaceuticals, clinical nutrition, diagnostic agents, and medical devices in order to provide comprehensive healthcare solutions, from diagnosis to treatment of disease.
3 Long-held knowledge in core
therapeutic areas
Since commencing R&D in the fields of psychiatry, neurology, and oncology in the 1970s, we continue to take steps to address unmet medical needs and spawn innovation in various forms.
Antipsychotic Long-acting injectable
Generic name: aripiprazole Origin: Otsuka Pharmaceutical
ABILIFY MAINTENA is the once-monthly long-acting injectable of the antipsychotic agent ABILIFY discovered by Otsuka Pharmaceutical and commercialized under a global alliance with Lundbeck. The drug treats schizophrenia in adult patients and first launched in the US and Europe in 2013 and in Japan in 2015. It is currently sold in more than 35 countries. Sales revenue in fiscal 2018 increased 24% year on year to ¥88 billion, mainly reflecting a greater awareness of the efficacy for this indication and convenient formulation, as well as an increase in prescriptions following the July 2017 addition of mainte- nance treatment of bipolar I disorder in adults as an approved indica- tion in the US.
Antipsychotic
Generic name: brexpiprazole Origin: Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Through our global alliance with Lundbeck, our novel atypical anti- psychotic agent REXULTI was approved in the US in 2015 as an adjunctive therapy for major depressive disorder and as a therapeutic drug for schizophrenia. In Japan and Europe it was approved in 2018 as a therapeutic drug for schizophrenia.
The drug’s high efficacy and safety based on its novel mecha- nism of action has been rated favorably by physicians and patients alike, which helped boost fiscal 2018 sales revenue by 46.9% year on year to ¥69.5 billion.
     V2-receptor antagonist Generic name: tolvaptan
Origin: Otsuka Pharmaceutical
approved for use in more than 40 countries.
Prescriptions for the drug as an oral aquaretic continued to
increase in fiscal 2018, mainly reflecting strong recommendations in various guidelines in Japan as a treatment for hepatic edema and cardiac edema. Prescriptions as a treatment for ADPKD also continue to grow on the back of more approved sales markets in Europe. Sales also commenced in the US in May 2018. Sales revenue rose 26.7% year on year to ¥75.9 billion for Samsca and grew a sharp 234.2% year on year to ¥14.3 billion for JINARC/JYNARQUE.
 44 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 45
Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE has been sold globally since 2009 as an oral aquaretic drug (brand name: Samsca) with a novel mechanism of action that excretes only water from the body with no direct impact on electrolyte excretion by inhibiting the antidiuretic hormone vaso- pressin. In 2014 it was approved as the world’s first therapeutic drug for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) under the brand name Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE, and has now been

Pharmaceutical Business
Overview of therapeutic areas
Psychiatry & Neurology
The fields of psychiatry and neurology are key areas of focus for Otsuka given the many diseases the causes of which are yet to be discovered and the difficulties involved in drug discovery R&D. We continue to embrace the challenge of providing trailblazing solutions that aim to rehabilitate patients back into society after suffering psychiatric or neurological disorders.
Aiming to provide systematic solutions to address challenges in psychiatric and neurological healthcare
Oncology & Cancer Supportive Care
We are expanding our business in the fields of oncology and cancer supportive care with the aim of providing patient-oriented total care. And through collaboration between group companies and access to cutting-edge knowledge and innovative technology, we seek to achieve an even higher level of drug discovery.
Sparking new innovation by melding proprietary technologies
Business Strategy Section
  Psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, bipolar, and major depressive disorder cause problems for a person’s social life, career, or studies because they can develop at any time from childhood through to late middle age. Moreover, concerns are growing about the increase in Alzheimer’s as populations worldwide continue to age. These diseases affect not just the patient’s quality of life; they place a strain on family and caregivers and create a burden for the healthcare economy. There are still many illnesses for which satis- factory treatments have yet to be established because their causes and mechanisms are not fully understood, which makes the dis- covery of new drugs extremely difficult.
The Otsuka group started conducting research and develop- ment in the fields of psychiatry and neurology in the 1970s and to this day we continue to work tirelessly on new drug development with the goal of contributing to medical needs in these disciplines.
The results of our research over a quarter of a century came to a head with the development of ABILIFY, the world’s first dopamine partial agonist. It is evaluated highly in clinical settings for its effi- cacy and safety based on its novel pharmacological action and has
been prescribed to patients in more than 60 countries and regions worldwide. Harnessing our R&D experience with ABILIFY and draw- ing on feedback from professionals engaged in clinical practice, we developed REXULTI, a new drug with a completely novel mecha- nism of action. With REXULTI , we are advancing our research to address yet unmet major therapeutic needs left untreated world- wide—for example, schizophrenia, major depressive disorder, PTSD, and agitation associated with Alzheimer’s disease.
And by developing and bringing to market long-acting inject- ables like ABILIFY MAINTENA to address the issue of medication adherence, trialing the use of Abilify MyCite, the world’s first digital medicine system for patients to record their tablet inges- tion, and developing digital therapeutic applications for treating major depressive disorder, we continue to focus on the unmet needs of patients with the aim of providing systematic solutions that address challenges in psychiatric and neurological healthcare with a unique approach of fusing together different technologies.
Core product development p.40
With the launch of the tegafur-based oral formulation Futraful in Japan in 1974, Taiho Pharmaceutical pioneered the market for oral anti-cancer agents at a time when their use was still very uncommon. In its half century of anti-cancer drug research since then, the company has generated a large body of evidence and contributed to the establishment of cancer chemotherapy in Japan primarily with TS-1 (combination drug of tegafur, gimeracil, and oteracil potassium), which has become the standard treat- ment for unresectable advanced or recurrent gastric cancer and the standard postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy for gastric cancer. And with the development and commercialization of the anti-cancer agent LONSURF in 2014, the subsequent establish- ment of a sales framework in North America, and a development and sales alliance with France-based Servier, Taiho Pharmaceutical continues to take up the challenge of expanding its global pres- ence and value creation.
Astex Pharmaceuticals, which became part of the Otsuka group in 2014, is contributing to the commercialization of
numerous compounds owing to its proprietary fragment-based drug discovery. In addition to the DNA methylation inhibitors guadecitabine and ASTX727, successor drugs it developed by leveraging its knowledge of Dacogen (generic name: decitabine), a treatment for myelodysplastic syndromes and acute myeloid leukemia, the company currently has other promising drugs undergoing clinical trials.
Cancer therapy systems are currently changing rapidly as a result of advancements in science and technology. We are devel- oping and expanding our drug discovery platform technology by harnessing the respective strengths of each group company and also stepping up the pace of research and development through collaborations and alliances. Through tie-ups with corporations and academia, including open innovation initiatives, we seek to promote access to cutting-edge knowledge and innovative tech- nology and achieve an even higher level of drug discovery.
Core product development p.40
 Unmet medical needs in psychiatry and neurology
Schizophrenia
Schizophrenia is a psychiatric disorder in which thoughts and emo- tions continue to be disordered. Appearing between adolescence and the age of maturity, it presents symptoms such as hallucina- tions, delusions, thought disorders, emotional flattening, and lack of motivation that can make employment and living in society difficult. Even today, with the advance of science, the causes of the disease have not been fully elucidated, and there is a need for long-term therapy and support aimed at a return to society, while ameliorating symptoms. Another issue is that a lack of recognition of the disease, and reduced medication adherence due to side effects, can lead to relapse in patients.
There are estimated to be 1.8 million patients in the US, 0.8 million in Japan, and 1.9 million in the five major countries of Europe.
© 2019 Schizophrenia - Epidemiology - Mature Markets Data DR/Decision Resources, LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction, distribution, transmission or publication is prohibited. Reprinted with permission
  Misunderstandings and prejudices regarding psychiatric and neurological disorders still exist in society because they are not fully understood. Otsuka Pharmaceutical is confronting these issues head on by carrying out numer- ous activities aimed at educating people about these diseases.
https://www.otsuka.co.jp/en/knowproject/
  Unmet needs in oncology
Gastric cancer
Gastric cancer is the fifth most common type of cancer in the world and it is the third most common cause of cancer death, following lung and colorectal cancer. It is estimated that approximately 723,000 people die of gastric cancer every year*1. In Japan it is the most common form of cancer and responsible for roughly 45,000 deaths annually, surpassed only by lung and colon cancer*2.
Remarkable progress has been made in recent years on success- fully treating gastric cancer and the survival period has dramatically increased in the past 10 years. That said, intensive chemotherapy cannot be used for treatment once the cancer progresses because of the many complications that arise, while the drugs that can be used are also limited. Extending the survival period and alleviating symp- toms during late-stage treatment of metastatic gastric cancer are challenges for which new treatment options are certainly needed.
*1 Ferlay J, Soerjomataram I, Dikshit R, et al. Int J Cancer. 2015;136:E359-86.
*2 Latest Cancer Statistics,” a cancer information service of the National Cancer Center
  Japan (in Japanese)
In collaboration with the Shizuoka Cancer Center, Taiho Pharmaceutical provides information to help improve the lives of cancer patients. By doing so, it offers support to people who have experienced cancer to overcome the challenges they face in their daily life together with family, healthcare professionals, and other cancer survivors.
 46 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 47

Pharmaceutical Business
Cardiovascular & Renal
One more core therapeutic area in addition to psychiatry & neurology, oncology
Core product development p.41
Business Strategy Section
 ADPKD treatment — Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE
—Taking up the challenge of addressing unmet medical needs—
Guided by our motto of “doing what only Otsuka can do,” the Otsuka group has continued to develop pharmaceuticals with novel mechanisms of action and efficacy for various diseases. Samsca/JINARC/ JYNARQUE offers a lot of hope as a new drug in the renal field for the treatment of autosomal domi- nant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD), a condition for which there was hitherto no known treatment.
      ADPKD characteristics and number of patients
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is a rare hereditary disorder in which many fluid-filled sacs (cysts) form in both kidneys, which gradually grow larger, thereby causing symptoms such as pain and a swollen abdomen and eventually leading to a decline in renal function. Around half of ADPKD patients develop end-stage renal failure by the age of 60 and require dialysis or a kidney transplant. The incidence rate of ADPKD is around one person for every 2,000–8,000 people and there are estimated to be roughly 30,000 patients in Japan and about 140,000 in the US.
Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE
— from development to approval
Research on this drug all started when a physician said, “I want a diuretic that excretes only water.” Conventional diuretics used to treat edema had the drawback of causing the excretion of not just water, but also the electrolytes needed by the human body. This was a troubling issue for physicians because it hampered the treatment of illnesses.
We started our research with a focus on vasopressin in 1983 and six years later in 1989 we discovered the lead com- pound that led to the development of the aquaretic drug that we now have today. Meanwhile, it was not until 2003, or 20 years after research first commenced, that the drug was shown to be effective on ADPKD in mice. Following clinical trials, it was finally approved after a roughly 30-year journey as the world’s first therapeutic drug for ADPKD.
The reason why this drug took such a long time to be approved is because there were no existing drugs for treating ADPKD and therefore no full-scale clinical studies had ever been conducted on the disease. That meant primary clinical indicators had to be established. Each condition was cleared in clinical trials conducted on more than 1,400 patients in 15
Doing what only Otsuka can do
—the path to a first-in-class treatment for ADPKD
I applaud the efforts of the clinical development team at Otsuka for the perseverance and diligence in developing tolvaptan for patients with ADPKD. The launch of JYNARQUE in the US means that the tolvaptan is now available to patients with ADPKD in Japan, the EU, North America and in several other countries. This launch finally brings the journey to completion for the researchers who started this the program in 2004. In addition, this is a testament to the many patients and healthcare providers who participated in the clinical trials for ADPKD, for without them this dream could never have become reality; we hope that the launch of JYNARQUE brings new options to patients with ADPKD. Finally I want to congratulate the commercial team in the US for the success of the launch of JYNARQUE and wish them continued success in bringing JYNARQUE to ADPKD patients.
Robert McQuade
Executive Vice President & Chief Strategic Officer
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Development & Commercialization
countries and as a result, the drug was approved in Japan in 2014 and Europe in 2015. In the US, additional clinical trials were requested by the FDA, but it was eventually approved in 2018 and made available to anxiously waiting patients in that country too. The development of this groundbreaking drug has been rated highly by patients and medical professionals alike and in May 2019 Otsuka was selected to receive the Corporate Innovator Award from the US National Kidney Foundation.
Taking an aquaretic drug and turning it into a treatment for ADPKD was an unprecedented challenge and an extremely long road to take, but being the only single therapeutic drug for an incurable disease, it is an extremely encouraging devel- opment for both patients and physicians. Samsca/JINARC/ JYNARQUE is truly a product that embodies our motto of “doing what only Otsuka can do.”
Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE and
the Otsuka group’s future
Whereas previously patients only had the option of controlling associated symptoms of ADPKD, like high blood pressure, there are high expectations for this first-ever treatment in countries where the product is sold. Up ahead, we intend to promote its proper use among patients and proceed to the next stage of actually saving lives by mainly monitoring the effects of the treatment over longer periods. Moreover, the Otsuka group has concluded a comprehensive partnership agreement with the Japan Kidney Association for the purpose of raising awareness about ADPKD and improving the level of medical care. Under this partnership, we aim to be of further assistance to patients and their families by leveraging the respective strengths and accumulated experience of each party. Guided by our motto of “doing what only Otsuka can do,” we will continue to embrace new challenges in the future.
                               Louis Allesandrine (Vice President of Nephrology and MDD Sales & Marketing, Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, Inc.) receiving an award from Kevin Longino (pictured right), Chief Executive Officer of the US National Kidney Foundation.
    Since our first in-house developed pharmaceutical, the hypotensive drug Mikelan, launched in 1980, we have continued to contribute to the treatment of cardiovascular diseases thanks to our ground- breaking novel drug discovery. Notably, the antiplatelet agent Pletaal and the world’s first oral aquaretic drug Samsca. We are also establishing new assets overseas, for example, through our efforts to develop the world’s first therapeutic drug for ADPKD. seeking to make sustained contributions to the unmet needs of patients in the cardiovascular and renal fields, we intend to strengthen our in-house drug development and also make
Other Areas
Providing total healthcare
Clinical nutrition (intravenous solutions)
Fiscal 2018 sales revenue ¥111.1billion
With more than 70 years of experience in the clinical nutrition business, the Otsuka group continues to contribute to a large number of patients as a leading company in Japan in the area of intravenous solutions. We made our first foray into overseas markets in the 1970s and our clinical nutrition business opera- tions are now spread across 15 companies worldwide. This busi- ness continues to grow, centering on our basic solution business. Going forward, we will continue to develop high value-added products to meet market needs around the world and contribute to global healthcare.
Otsuka group’s market share of intravenous solutions in Japan (2018)
55.8%
Copyright©2019 IQVIA.
Calculated based on JPM Dec 2018 MAT. Reprinted with permission.
aggressive growth investments, as illustrated by our vadadustat business alliance with Akebia Therapeutics and the acquisition of Visterra, a company with a product pipeline in the renal domain.
We also strive to find solutions to unmet needs in non-phar- maceutical areas too. We are propelling the development of unique medical devices that fuse innovative technology with our strengths in drugs and clinical research. Examples of this initiative include an ultrasound renal denervation treatment device and a peripheral artery stent.
In
 Diagnostic agents
Fiscal 2018 sales revenue ¥13.7billion
Companion diagnostics* play a key role in identifying the individ- ual differences in the effects of drugs and their side effects so that appropriate healthcare can be provided. The Otsuka group provides diagnostic agents that meet international standards, including products that support companion diagnostics in a wide range of fields such as for digestive organs, respiratory organs, infectious diseases, cancer, and the cardiovascular system.
* Companion diagnostics are diagnostic tests used to identify the patients most likely to benefit from a particular therapeutic agent and to determine the optimal dose.
  48 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 49

 Functional beverages
Fiscal 2018 sales revenue ¥109.4billion
In the functional beverages category, we mainly develop innovative products based on scientific evidence. Mainstay products include POCARI SWEAT, which we developed based on the rehydration drink concept, thus paving the way for a new ion-supply drinks market, Tiovita Drink, an energy drink containing taurine, vitamins, and carnitine chloride, ORONAMIN C DRINK, a carbonated energy drink containing multiple vitamins, and the high-fiber drink Fibe-Mini, a Food for Specified Health Uses (FOSHU) to regulate gastrointestinal condition.
      Functional foods
Fiscal 2018 sales revenue ¥75.6billion
In functional foods, we sell nutrition products and health foods. Mainstay products include Calorie Mate, a balanced nutritional food containing five major nutrients that gave birth to a new genre of nourishment, SOYJOY, a soy bar that is made from whole soy beans and gives you all the nutrition of soy beans, and a lineup of organic and glu- ten-free products sold in more than 40 countries by Europe-based Nutrition & Santé.
     Revenue ratio*
Business performance in fiscal 2018
(%)
(¥ billion)
Revenue 326.2 339.0
2017.12 2018.12
Japan 43.3 North America 29.2 Others 27.5
26.2%
Operating profit
43.0
39.2
     *Revenue from sales to external customers
2017.12 2018.12
 Others,
including new products
Fiscal 2018 sales revenue ¥58.0billion
We have also developed many other unique products such as EQUELLE, which contains equol to support women’s health and beauty, Kenja-no-shokutaku Double Support, a food for specified health use that slows down the body’s absorption of sugar and lipids, thereby reducing the rise in blood glucose levels and triglycerides after a meal, OTC products like Oronine H Ointment for treating skin ail- ments and cuts, and our cosmedics* concept skincare
brands InnerSignal and UL·OS. *Portmanteau of “cosmetics” and “medicine”
     Nutritional supplements
Fiscal 2018 sales revenue ¥96.1billion
In this product category, our main brands are Nature Made, nutritional supplements free of flavorings, colorings, and preservatives that have passed a rigorous quality-stan- dard process from the procurement of raw materials right through to quality testing, MegaFood, supplements derived from natural food sources such as fruits and vege- tables, and INNATE, supplements marketed to medical institutions.
      Nutraceutical Business (NC Business)
Social Challenges/Strengths/Overview
Supporting the management and improvement of everyday health with innovative products based on scientific evidence.
Product categories
Business Strategy Section
 Social challenges
To be healthy is a desire of all people worldwide. Even though advancements in medical technology and improvements in public health have helped boost global average life expectan- cies, aging populations and the increase in lifestyle diseases and chronic-phase medical care have pushed up healthcare costs to threaten the sustainability of social security schemes. Given the seriousness of this issue, the importance of managing and improving one’s day-to-day health in accordance with cultural and lifestyle habits, as well as life stage, is expected to become increasingly important in the years ahead. Our nutraceutical business (hereinafter referred to as the “NC business”) helps the people of the world longevity, healthy, and independent lives by providing innovative products that aim to maintain and improve health, along with beneficial information about human health.
Otsuka’s strengths
1 Innovative products based on
scientific evidence
We draw on the know-how accumulated in the pharmaceutical business to develop innovative products based on scientific evidence.
2 Health awareness based on
product value
We create innovative, new markets by persistently carrying out product value awareness activities and campaigns in health fields related to our products. We continue to offer new value by part- nering with our in-house research institutes and external organi- zations to conduct research even after product launch.
3 Global network
We contribute to the health of people worldwide by mutually
exploiting our own global network and the product attributes, strengths, and infrastructure of each group company to share information about global health issues.
   50 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 51
*Our product categories changed in fiscal 2019. Please see our earnings results material for more details.

 Nutraceutical Business
Global Expansion
Guided by our philosophy of contributing to the health of people worldwide, we engage in business activities in accordance with the culture and health issues of each region.
Japan
Average life expectancy in Japan for both men and women is among the highest in the world, but a new challenge for society is now emerging. There is a gap between life expectancy and healthy life expectancy, or in other words, the period during which a person’s daily life is not hindered by health problems. The Otsuka group has drawn on its extensive know-how accumulated in the pharmaceutical business to develop innovative products based on scientific evidence.
In recent years, we have continued to conduct research on the key topic of extending healthy life expectancy. Furthermore, in carrying out this R&D, we utilize our accumulated insights to coordinate activi- ties that promote public awareness of the importance of hydration and replenishment of electrolytes for prevention of heatstroke, activi- ties that teach people about the importance of eating well-balanced meals, and initiatives that support women’s health with the goal of promoting health and productivity management and the empower- ment of women. Not only do we aim to solve health issues in commu- nities by teaming up with local governments, schools, corporations,
Asia
In addition to the risks of heatstroke, tropical diseases, and infectious diseases in tropical regions, demand is rising in Asia for hydration and nutrition as a result of more people playing sport and a greater awareness of health issues.
After launching POCARI SWEAT in Hong Kong and Taiwan in 1982, we expanded our reach by setting up production sites in China, South Korea, Taiwan, and Indonesia. As of the end of 2018, POCARI SWEAT is available in more than 20 countries and region worldwide.
In Indonesia, where we first launched in 1989, our market share in the sports drink category has now increased to 68%* owing to community-based promotion activities and our efforts to educate consumers about the importance of hydration and electrolyte replen- ishment. And in order to comply with Indonesia’s cultural norms, we
and associations, we are also developing new products to provide solutions for the next challenges and undertake initiatives to broaden our interaction with society depending on the circumstances.
North America
In the US where self-medication is prevalent, the self-medication demand continues to increase mainly because of skyrocketing medi- cal costs in recent years.
Pharmavite, a leading company in the US supplement industry, produces supplements based on safety and efficacy by consulting with experts to develop products that incorporate state-of-the-art science. The company’s high quality supplements meet the strict quality criteria set by the United States Pharmacopeia (USP) and its leading brand is recommended the most by pharmacists across nine
product categories*.
Daiya Foods develops, manufactures, and sells high-quality,
innovative plant-based food products such as cheese alternatives, yogurt alternatives, dressings, and desserts. The company’s product range is enjoyed not only by vegetarians and people with food aller- gies, but also by health-conscious millennials.
*2019 US News & World Report—Pharmacy Times Survey. Product categories: Letter Vitamins (A–E), Coenzyme Q10, Omega-3/Fish Oil, Flax Seed Oil, Herbal Supplements, Mood Health Supplements, Diabetic Multivitamins, Garlic Supplements, Cholesterol Management (Fish Oil)
52 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 53
Providing information to support women’s health
established new halal-certified manufacturing lines for ORONAMIN C DRINK and SOYJOY at our plant there and commenced production and sales of those products in Indonesia in 2018.
*Source: Euromonitor International (Retail Value RSP)
POCARI SWEAT overseas sales volume (10,000 cases)
Europe
The organic food market in Europe has grown in recent years as more health-conscious consumers demand safer and more trust- worthy food. Accordingly, so-called free-from foods and alternative products are attracting the attention of millennials—in fiscal 2018 the meat-free food market was worth approximately $1.3 billion, having grown rapidly over the past five years at CAGR of 12.8%*, while the gluten-free food market was worth around $1.7 billion after expanding at CAGR of 14.5%*.
Headquartered in the south of France, Nutrition & Santé derives its name from the French words for “nutrition” and “health.” The company manages a portfolio of 28 mostly health food brands and sells its products in more than 40 countries around the world but with a focus on European markets. At each of its plants, the company has obtained IFS, the international food pro- duction standard, to guarantee a high level of product quality management. In 2017 it constructed a new plant in France for the production of gluten-free food. In 2018 it welcomed organic food
2016 2017 2018
Share of sales in Indonesia
(Sports drink category 2018)
2,391 2,383
2,631
68%
manufacturer BC Bio into the group and is catering to expanding consumer needs by strengthening its free-from product range. *Source: Euromonitor International (Retail Value RSP)
Business Strategy Section

Nutraceutical Business
Consumer Products Business
R&D Framework —product development based on scientific evidence—
Our NC business research institutes conduct research on topics such as nutrition and exercise from unique view- points and utilize the know-how honed in our pharmaceutical business to develop and provide the world with innovative products based on scientific evidence that maintain and improve people’s health.
Our consumer products business delivers familiar foods and beverages that are deli- cious, safe, reassuring, and healthy.
Business Strategy Section
      Saga Nutraceuticals Research Institute
Since its establishment in 1984 as Japan’s first private research insti- tute for clinical exercise and nutrition, this facility has conducted R&D activities in various subject fields to address exercise and nutrition, women’s health, and other health issues. In 2014 one of the largest artificial environment control rooms in Japan was built at the insti- tute, enabling the re-creation of high temperature/high humidity and low temperature/low humidity environments that may be found in hypoxic environments up to a maximum altitude of 5,000 meters. Such conditions had thus far proved difficult to replicate, but this new chamber will help further research into sports nutrition, such as the effects of fluid and nutritional intake in harsh environments.
Otsu Nutraceuticals Research Institute
The Otsu Nutraceuticals Research Institute was established in 2000 in order to further research on the topic of gut immunity, with a partic- ular focus on the intestines, which play a key role in life support. Research was conducted on the topic of enhancing the body’s bio- logical barrier by increasing the secretion of immunoglobulin A (IgA), an antibody that plays a crucial role in mucosal immunity. Human clinical trials demonstrated that lactic acid bacteria B240 heightens the function of mucosal immunity and lowers the probability of catching the common cold.
 Sales Revenue ratio*
(%)
2.6%
*Revenue from sales to external customers
Business performance in fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2018 business overview
Sales revenue for the consolidated fiscal year came to ¥33.8 billion (–5.0% YoY). The decrease mainly reflects the impact of a lower domestic sales volume for CRYSTAL GEYSER and other mineral water products, despite a year-on-year sales volume increase for the carbonated vitamin drink Match owing to higher OTC sales from an aggressive marketing strategy and an improved recipe for the mixed berries flavor Berry Match. Operating profit decreased to ¥8.7 billion (–22.0% YoY) owing partly to a decline in equity-method gains.
(¥ billion)
Sales Revenue 35.6 33.8
2017.12 2018.12
Operating profit 11.1
8.7
2017.12 2018.12
          TOPIC
 TOPIC
World’s first retort curry born out of our sterilization technology and know-how in the intravenous solutions business
 Using science to support women's vital and energetic lives
   Shigeto Uchiyama
Fellow, Saga Nutraceuticals Research Institute
Nutraceutical Business Division Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
In light of issues such as expanding healthy life expectancy and the advancement of women’s empowerment, understanding the field of women’s health is growing increasingly important.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical started lending its assistance in 1985 to global joint research studies on cardiovascular diseases and nutrition initiated by the WHO and others and has since explored the numerous possibilities of soy beans over many years by, for example, taking part in projects to elucidate the relationship between diet and longevity. A study focused on isoflavones con- tained in soy beans conducted by the Saga Nutraceuticals Research
Institute discovered there to be a close relationship between wom- an’s health and equol, an isoflavandiol estrogen metabolized from soy bean isoflavones by bacterial flora in the intestines. The insti- tute successfully isolated lactococcus strain 20-92, a lactic acid bacterium that produces equol. Using this lactic acid bacteria to produce equol by fermenting soy germ, we finally created the equol-containing supplement EQUELLE in 2014 after 18 years of R&D in collaboration with pharmaceutical divisions and our US affiliates. In 2018 we launched EQUELLE Gelée to further support the fundamentals of women’s beauty and health.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical continues to investigate the various possible health benefits of equol.
We hope to offer support to wom- en’s health by providing information and developing products that address the various issues at each stage of a woman’s life.
In 1968, Otsuka Foods launched sales of Bon Curry, the world’s first commercially available curry in a retort pouch. Drawing inspiration from the vacuum-packed ready-to-eat sausages used by the military, we applied our sterilization techniques and know-how from our group’s intravenous solutions business to successfully develop, through a process of trial and error, a reliable and safe food product that can be easily consumed at home. In developing this product, we insisted that it must not contain preservatives and can be stored for long periods at room temperature. Following the product’s launch, our uncon- ventional marketing campaign using enamel signs proved
effective and Bon Curry gradually became a staple at Japanese dinner tables.
In 2018, Bon Curry celebrated its 50th anniversary and to date a total of three billion packs of the product have been sold. Based on the same concept of reliability and safety, the product is still free from preservatives and artificial colorings and all vegetable ingredients in the series are Japan-grown*. Since 2013 all Bon Curry products sold in Japan can now be heated in a microwave oven without the need to remove its cardboard packaging, thus making the preparation of a reliable and safe meal for today’s busy families even faster.
*Excluding the Ganso Bon Curry limited to sale in Okinawa
     54
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 55
Otsuka Pharmaceutical conducts a broad range of studies on maintaining health in women, such as menopausal symptoms, bones and skin, and the health of blood vessels. The following website provides some information on these various studies.
https://www.otsuka.co.jp/en/health-and-illness/living-well-with-menopause/equol-research/
Vintage enamel sign
Removal of sprouts on the potatoes is performed totally by hand
Original retort pressure cookers—pressure and heat sterilization at high temperature enables long shelf life without the use of preservatives
 
Other Businesses
Expanding our businesses multilater- ally with a focus on chemical products, warehousing, and transportation.
    Sales Revenue ratio*
(%)
7.9%
*Revenue from sales to external customers
Business performance in fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2018 business overview
Revenue from functional chemical products increased year on year mainly owing to sales volume growth for products such as hydrazine hydrate and friction materials. Revenue from fine chemicals declined year on year due chiefly to the impact of orders being pushed back. In transportation and warehousing, revenue grew year on year thanks to an increase in the volume of group products handled, as well as expansion of a shared platform for joint distribution with external customers. As a result of the above, sales revenue for the consolidated fiscal year came to ¥141.2 billion (–6.5% YoY) and operating profit to ¥9.9 billion (+1.4%).
(¥ billion)
Sales Revenue 151.1 141.2
2017.12 2018.12
Operating profit 9.7 9.9
2017.12 2018.12
        56
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
TOPIC
 Otsuka Warehouse accelerates workstyle reform initiative with completion of Cross Dock Harumi Building
 In October 2018, Otsuka Warehouse completed a full renova- tion of its 40-year-old distribution facility in the Harumi Building in Tokyo’s Chuo Ward, transforming it into a new leased office space.
As suggested by the name Cross Dock*, a logistics industry term, the offices of Otsuka Warehouse were designed with the idea of having employees share information and opinions and broaden their reach in a space where they can interact with different people from within and outside of the company. Not only do all departments work on the same floor where the walls have been removed, the same floor also has a kitchen and café space where employees can openly communicate with each other. Employee presentations are given every day from atop a stage, while from time to time speakers from outside the com- pany also deliver lectures from this spot. The new office there- fore functions as a space that can enhance intellectual productivity and the exchange of knowledge it generates also
contributes to Otsuka Warehouse’s efforts to develop human
resources and promote workstyle reforms.
*In logistics, a cross-dock facility is one that unloads different cargo from multiple origins and re-sorts each item ready to be shipped to different destinations.
 Foundation of
Value Creation
 58 The Otsuka group CSR 60 Society
70 Environment
72 Governance
78 Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Human Resource Development Institute
The institute pictured was established with aim of nurturing human resources unshack- led from conventional ideas and successful experiences so the Otsuka group can contin- uously generate innovation and change. The building features some monuments symbolic of this metaphorical paradigm shift, includ-
ing a giant tomato tree, a bent giant cedar, and floating stones.
57
 
 The Otsuka group CSR
— Toward Realizing a Sustainable Society —
The Otsuka group recognizes that CSR is integrated into our businesses and proactively promotes CSR based on our corporate philosophy.
Corporate Philosophy
Otsuka’s Goal
To become an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide
Otsuka’s CSR mission
CSR is integrated into our businesses across the Otsuka group of companies, which aims to grow while contributing to the creation of a healthy and sustainable society. We pursue these objectives supported by a comprehensive governance system.
     Healthier Society
Health/People/Quality in all we do
Healthier Planet
Climate change/Resource circulation/ Water conservation
58 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
p.60 p.70
Governance
Corporate governance/Compliance/Risk management
p.72
Otsuka Group’s Materiality and Related SDGs
Foundation of Value Creation
Materiality
 Social Issues
  Our Goals
  Our Activities
  Related SDGs
 Society
Health
•Unmet medical and health needs
•Spread of inflec- tions diseases
•Nutritional needs
•Increasing aging issues
•Contribution to unmet needs solution
•Eradication of tuberculosis •Creation of a system for the realization of a healthful life
•Healthy life extension
•Promotion of R&D for unmet needs •R&D of antituberculosis drugs and
improvement of drug access
•Support for people’s health maintenance /
improvement mainly on exercise and
nutrition etc., enlightenment activities
•Promotion of problem solving by strength- ening partnerships
People
 •Presentyism*1
•Unpaired to diversification
  •Creation of a corporate culture that stimulates creativity
•Enhance employee engagement
  •Human resource development •Diversity promotion
•Health management
   Quality in all we do
•Consumption and production that impairs sustainability
•Gaining stakeholder trust •Pursuing sustainability at all
levels of the value chain
•Establishing a quality assurance system for safety and security
•Sustainable procurement and product design
•Thorough quality control and stable supply •Responsible promotional activities and
information provision •Deepening communication with
stakeholders
•Promotion of “Customer-oriented management”
 Environ- ment
Climate change
 •Global warming
  •FY 2030 Goal: 30% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to FY 2017
  •Reduce CO2 emissions throughout the value chain
 Resource circula- tion
•Environmental load increase
•FY 2030 Goal: 50% reduction in simple incineration and landfill compared to FY 2019*2
•Reduce environmental impact by improv- ing resource efficiency
•Promotion of business activities aimed at a sustainable state in both society and the earth
Water conserva- tion
 •Reducing freshwa- ter availability
  •FY 2030 Goal: Improvement of water use efficiency by 15% compared to FY 2017
  •Understanding water resources risk
•Management and effective use of water resources
 Governance
•Fragile governance system
•Social change risk
 •Long-term improvement of corporate value
 •Strengthen corporate governance •Thorough compliance
•Risk identification, evaluation and
management
     *1 The situation where productivity does not go up from the badness of the mind and body condition despite coming to work *2 Calculated using 2019 as base year
Support for the United Nations Global Compant
  Otsuka Holdings became a signatory to the UN Global Compact in 2016. In this way, we are contributing to the realization of a sustainable society through our business activities, taking into account not only the UNGC’s 10 principles, but also the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
The Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact
 Human Rights
Principle 1
 Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights; and
Environment
Principle 7
 Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges;
Principle 2
 make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.
 Principle 8
 undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and
 Labour
Principle 3
Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining;
Principle 9
encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.
 Principle 4
 the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour;
Anti- Corruption
Principle 10
Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.
 Principle 5
 the effective abolition of child labour; and
 Principle 6
the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.
 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 59

The Otsuka group CSR: Society
Foundation of Value Creation
   テックス
With the aim of contributing to improved access to pharmaceuti- cals, the Otsuka group is engaged in research and development of therapeutic drugs and IV solutions to address unmet needs. We are also undertaking initiatives to provide pharmaceuticals at fair prices and establish healthcare infrastructure.
For example, the local manufacture of IV solutions*— defined as a basic pharmaceutical with high clinical necessity whose manufacturing and sales will continue to be required
Partnerships
The Global Health Innovative Technology Fund (GHIT Fund) is an international public-private partnership involving the Japanese government and private corporations, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Welcome Trust, and the United Nations Develop- ment Program specializing in funding research and development
Nutraceutical Business
Initiatives for Yet-To-Be-Imagined Needs
without interruption—contributes to fair pricing in each country and also creates employment. Even though there are not many Japanese pharmaceutical companies supplying locally manufac- tured drugs because of the risks and differences in technological know-how, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory is committed to the local manufacture of IV solutions based on its ambition to supply pharmaceuticals at fair prices for each country or region so that any person, rich or poor, can have equal access to healthcare.
* Vision for the Pharmaceutical Industry 2013 (Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
of drugs and diagnostic drugs and so on to combat the spread of the big three infectious diseases and neglected tropical diseases mainly in developing countries by leveraging Japan’s high level of technology and innovation. Since June 2016, Otsuka Pharmaceu- tical has contributed to the GHIT Fund as an associate partner.
Policy
Society (Healthier Society)
Seek to resolve global health issues from a total healthcare perspective.
Do away with deep-seated preconceptions and promote the development of creative human resources. Pursue product quality and reliability from the viewpoint of consumers.
Infectious diseases
As one of the three major infectious diseases in the world—the other two being AIDS and malaria—tuberculosis is the single most infectious disease, accounting for the highest number of fatalities. After more than 30 years of research and development, Otsuka Pharmaceutical successfully created DELTYBA, a new anti-tuberculosis agent. Currently we are advancing research and development for expanding the application of this drug to chil- dren, which would be a world-first, as well as new pharmaceuti- cals for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis. Furthermore,
considering the current situation in which new treatment options for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis are urgently needed, in 2016 we entered into a public-private sector agreement with the Global Drug Facility (GDF) of the Stop TB Partnership. We are also pursuing drug approvals in multiple countries, and currently through access programs deployed by government and public international institutions and expanded access by alliance part- ners, the use of DELTYBA is being promoted in over 80 countries.
   Health
 Based on the recognition that CSR is an integrated part of our business operations, the Otsuka group implements CSR initiatives under its corporate philosophy of “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide”. Health is a universal desire of all people around the world. The Otsuka group engages in activities on a daily basis to prevent and treat disease and to contrib- ute to the maintenance and improvement of people’s health worldwide. The world we live in still faces a host of medical-related issues, such as the spread of infectious diseases, insufficient medical care facilities, and lack of effective therapeutic drugs. In aiming to solve these problems, we constantly ask ourselves what it is that only we can do. Accordingly, we carry out activities to find solutions for unmet medical needs that most companies have yet to address.
Moreover, owing to skyrocketing medical costs, maintaining and improving health is now an issue that society as a whole, not just individuals, must face head-on. Alongside initiatives that raise awareness of health among individuals, the Otsuka group also contributes to initiatives for maintaining and improving health in society at large through collaboration with local communities.
Pharmaceutical Business
Challenge of addressing unmet medical needs
Psychiatry & Neurology
The sharp rise in patients with central nervous system disorders is now a global issue, highlighted by the decision of Japan’s Minis- try of Health, Labour and Welfare to add psychiatric disorders to the big four diseases. However, even though there are many psychiatric and neurological diseases like schizophrenia, depres- sion, bipolar disorder, and Alzheimer’s, they say research and development in this field is challenging because the reasons for their onset are still largely unknown. Furthermore, many are
Oncology
Owing to advancements in medical science, progress is being made year by year on the diagnosis and treatment of cancer, but there are still many patients for which effective treatment meth- ods have yet to be found. For this reason, cancer remains one of the biggest causes of death today. The area of oncology with its currently many unmet medical needs is one of the Otsuka group’s focus areas based on our track record of developing anti-cancer agents that can be administered orally, which at the time were not widely available anywhere in the world. We are
unsatisfied with how these disorders are treated and patients and their families are eager to try new therapeutic drugs. As a key focus area, the Otsuka group is making headway in the field of psychiatric and neurological diseases, namely with the devel- opment of REXULTI, an antipsychotic drug, and Selincro, a drug for decreasing the amount of drinking for alcohol-dependent patients. We are also embracing the challenge of developing therapeutic drugs for diseases with no curative medicine so far.
embracing the challenge of working in gene therapy, cellular therapy, and other new areas of treatment by utilizing the diver- sity of modalities so we can respond to the shift from conven- tional treatments based on characteristics common to many patients, to treatment that is more personalized. Up ahead, we will endeavor to engage in research and development in order to provide innovative therapeutic drugs as early as possible.
Community-based health maintenance and promotion initiatives
Initiatives for supplying pharmaceuticals to even more patients
  60 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 61
Given the surging costs of healthcare and Japan’s aging society, the Otsuka group is promoting community-based health mainte- nance and promotion initiatives, disaster prevention and disaster relief activities. For example, Otsuka Pharmaceutical has carried out various health awareness-raising and educational activities throughout Japan, leveraging its insight and know-how in areas
Preventing heat disorders
The Otsuka group conducts educational activities for people of all ages, from children to seniors, to raise awareness about the importance of replenishing hydration and electrolytes. For more than 25 years since the 1990s when the term “heat disorders”
such as nutritional education, prevention of lifestyle diseases, measures for avoiding heat disorders, sports promotion, women’s health, and disaster preparedness. As of May 31, 2019, the company has concluded partnership agreements with 45 prefec- tures in Japan.
was still relatively unknown, Otsuka Pharmaceutical has engaged in activities to prevent and treat heat disorders. Company employees visit sites to give seminars on the importance of hydration and electrolyte replenishment based on our research
       ス

The Otsuka group CSR: Society
Foundation of Value Creation
 People
 The Otsuka group believes that the creation of innovation and sustained company growth come from the activities of a diverse range of employees in a free and open-minded workplace environment. To this end, we aim to foster a corporate culture that rouses an appetite for creativity. We not only invest in the development of human resources, but we also actively promote diversity in our workforce. As well as establishing a safe working environment, we also make efforts to realize fair hiring, evaluation, and promotion of employees, respecting human rights.
results at our own laboratory and so on, in the area of ion supply drinks. These seminars mainly target athletes, coaches, construc- tion workers, factory workers, people who work under hot con- ditions, the elderly, and other people at risk of heat disorders. In addition, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, which sells oral
Women’s health
As women continue to play more active roles in society, an envi- ronment needs to be established in which women can remain active but at the same time engage in child-raising, nursing care, and deal with their own health issues. However, their profes- sional and personal lives are often disrupted by abnormal bodily rhythms and anxieties about their physical condition. In particu- lar, the care they receive during the midlife transitional period, a time of significant physical and mental change, has an impact on women’s healthy life expectancy. The Otsuka group implements initiatives aimed at helping women to lead healthy and active lives, including seminars and the development of products, etc.
Group-wide Initiatives
Otsuka Health Comic Library
The Otsuka Health Comic Library which helps children to deepen their interest in and understanding of how their bodies work and their health, has been published every year since 1989 and is celebrating its 30th anniversary in 2019. One volume is published every year. Japan Medical Association and Japanese Society of School Health supervise it, Japan Pediatric Association recommends it, and is donated to approximately 23,000 ele- mentary schools and libraries nationwide. Furthermore, compar- ative table is made to compare to course of study, so it is used not only as reading material for children but also as a teaching aid for science and health classes. We have held health educa- tion workshops for elementary school nurses and other school officials since 2015 to propose heath education using Otsuka Health Comic Library.
https://www.otsuka.com/jp/comiclibrary/ (In Japanese only)
Disaster relief
In light of our obligation as a company that handles items needed during emergencies, such as IV solutions, pharmaceuti- cals, foods and beverage, we actively engage in disaster relief activities and disaster victim assistance.
rehydration drinks, supports organizing the activities of the Com- mittee for Awareness of Hidden Dehydration, which works to raise awareness of ways to prevent and treat dehydration before it becomes critical.
A heath seminar
Development of Human Resources
Basic Policy
At any point in history, innovation is always generated by people. The Otsuka group would like to continuously create innovation
Approach
Alongside medium- to long-term business investments, the development of next-generation executive human resources is essential if we are to constantly achieve creative, innovative, and sustained growth in the Middle and Longer- Term, as well as significant growth in corporate value. In 2016 we launched Otsuka Global Academy, human resource development program, with the aim of early identifying and nurturing talented person- nel that will underpin the development of the next generation. Executive human resource development programs, Senior Lead- ership Program and Middle Leadership Program are produced and run in-house across the Otsuka group, but also aims to realize effective HR development through collaboration with external agencies. The program emphasizes the handing down of corporate culture and seeks to identify the kind of candidates required to lead the Otsuka group in the future. As of the end of May 2019, over 100 employees from the group had participated in the program. And in the area of supporting self-directed learn- ing, in 2017 we launched the OGA Self-Learning Syllabus, a platform that Otsuka group employees can utilize to find infor- mation about learning English or improving their business skills, among other things. We are building an educational framework that reflects the characteristics of each group company’s business so that each member of our diverse workforce can continue to
Diversity
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group actively promotes diversity based on the belief that the activities of a wide range of employees further advances innovation and globalization. Accordingly, as a company
by attracting talented personnel and developing and flourishing the abilities of each individual continuously.
develop and demonstrate their respective skills. We have also established an open recruitment system*1 and self-assessment system*2 for the purpose of enhancing the capabilities of each employee.
At Otsuka Pharmaceutical, the Human Resources Depart-
ment employs a system of following up on opinions voiced by
employees by holding individual meetings with every employee.
We are also making efforts to maximize the development of
global human resources and our organizational capabilities with
the introduction of a new system to centrally manage HR infor-
mation on a global level so that all of our employees worldwide
can play a more active role. Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory is
working to enhance the management skills of its leaders with
the implementation of a 360-degree feedback system for its
department managers, who receive multi-faceted feedback from
multiple people with differing positions and relationships.
*1 Under this system, the Otsuka group discloses in advance the conditions of a certain posting or job and then appoints the required number of people from among those who applied. Employees that satisfy the requirements can apply directly to the company offering the position and be transferred if expectations of both parties are in agreement. The open recruitment system can be utilized by any person working at the Otsuka group companies in Japan and aims to boost employee skills and motivation and invigorate interaction between the Otsuka group employees.
*2 Under this system, employees can provide information to the Human Resources Depart- ment about their current work duties, offer opinions and suggestions regarding their workplace, and describe their career plan aspirations. The self-assessment system is implemented once yearly with the goal of further developing employee skills, assigning employees the right jobs, and improving the workplace environment.
constantly in pursuit of innovation, we are endeavoring to estab- lish a workplace environment brimming with diversity.
    Otsuka Health Comic Library
 62 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 63

 The Otsuka group CSR: Society
Approach
Since the 1980s when the concept of diversity had still yet to take off in Japan, the Otsuka group’s top management has con- tinued to actively promote diversity, with for example the hosting of the Women’s Forum in 1990, based on the thinking that the efforts of a diverse workforce made up of different nationalities, races, ages, gender, disabilities, or sexual orientation is needed if the group is to create innovative products and ideas that drive company growth.
The Otsuka group has proclaimed its promotion of diversity in the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics and in 2017 became a signatory to the Women’s Empowerment Principles (WEPs*1), a set of corporate principles jointly developed by the UNGC*2 and UN Women*3 to offer guidance on how to empower women in the workplace.
In order to lengthen the careers of our diverse workforce, we have enhanced the childcare and nursing care systems at each of the Otsuka group companies and have opened three
daycare centers located within our business premises to help employees balance child-rearing and work.
Other initiatives include, the formation of Cancer Patient Employment Support Team at Taiho Pharmaceutical, a company that develops and sells anti-cancer agents. This team, comprised of the Human Resources Department and occupational nursing staff, aims to create a workplace where an employee suffering from cancer or other disease can continue to work while still receiving treatment. After establishing this support framework, the company has been recognized in the “Excellence Award” category as having outstanding initiatives that help cancer patients balance treatment and work.
Furthermore, Heartful Kawauchi was established in 2011 in Tokushima as a special subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceutical. This subsidiary provides a place where disabled people can fully demonstrate their capabilities.
*1 Women’s Empowerment Principles
*2 United Nations Global Compact
*3 United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women
Approach
The main Otsuka group companies have a health declaration under which it strives to create a workplace environment condu- cive to maintaining and improving the health of all employees. As part of this initiative, Otsuka Holdings engages in activities aimed at improving the health of employees by collaborating with the Otsuka Pharmaceutical Health Insurance Association, medical professionals, and those in charge of health manage- ment at each company. One such activity is the hosting of health seminars for group employees and their families. They are held in Japan’s major cities nationwide and provide information about the group’s initiatives on health, an introduction to the health insurance association, and information that can improve the health of employees and their families. Another activity is the group-wide Tokushima Health Project, known as TOK-J, which started in 2017. The theme of the project is “creating a lively and cheerful workplace by alleviating the risk of lifestyle diseases.” The project kicked off with two approaches: 1) improving the health of employees susceptible to metabolic syndrome in the Tokushima area (where the majority of the Otsuka group employ- ees live and work); and 2) raising awareness of health issues in the area overall. The project recommends walking and exercise and offers guidance on healthy eating.
Furthermore, from the perspective of creating a safe and
 External Recognition
Quality in all we do
reassuring workplace, Otsuka Chemical, for example, opened its Anzen Dojo (Experience-based Safety Training Center) in 2012. This center runs training sessions for group employees, employ- ees of overseas affiliates, and third parties with the aim of improving safety awareness. Through classroom instruction and simulations of past accidents, the center reaffirms the experience of failure and safety awareness, heightens sensitivity to danger, and develops the ability to anticipate things one step ahead. In recognition of its activities to improve health and safety educa- tion and establish a safety culture, Otsuka Chemical received the 8th Responsible Care Excellence Award from the Japan Chemical Industry Association in 2014.
Foundation of Value Creation
  External Recognition
  Platinum Kurumin & Kurumin
(Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, Tokyo Stock Exchange)
A system whereby the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare certifies companies that meet certain standards by formulating and notifying action plans based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.
Platinum Kurumin is a certification for Kurumin certified companies that have carried out higher-level initiatives.
Eruboshi
(Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
A system that certifies companies that meet certain standards and recog- nizes efforts to empower women in the workplace under the Act to Promote the Active Participation of Women in the Workplace.
Semi-Nadeshiko
(Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, Tokyo Stock Exchange)
A system for selecting companies that conform to the Nadeshiko Brand of encouraging women’s success in the workplace
Diversity Management Selection 100
(Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry)
A system that recognizes companies that have improved corporate value through diversity management
•Platinum Kurumin: Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical
•Kurumin: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, and others
Otsuka Chemical: Grade 3 (top rank)
Selected in 2019: Otsuka Holdings
*Limited to Otsuka Holdings and Otsuka Pharmaceutical
2014 Award: Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Excellent Corporation for Health Management
(Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, Nippon Kenko Kaigi)
A system that recognizes corporations that practice exceptionally good health management
Tokushima Health Project (TOK-J)
Certified in 2019: Otsuka Holdings, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Phar- maceutical, Otsuka Electronics, JIMRO, Otsuka Wellness Vending
        To build sustainable society, the Otsuka group is seeking for sustainability by addressing environmental, social issues and striving to establish quality assurance structure for reassurance and safety at every stage of the value chain.
       Health and Safety
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group recognizes that the mental and physical well- being of each and every employee is indispensable to realizing our shared corporate philosophy of “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide”. To this end, we are
committed to creating a safe workplace environment and are continuously implementing initiatives that maintain and improve the health of our employees.
Ethical considerations concerning appropriate R&D
R&D Procurement
Research and Development
Production and quality control
Sales
  64 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 65
The use of experimental animals to verify efficacy and safety in R&D is at times necessary. The Otsuka group complies with all
related laws, ordinances, and guidelines while striving to uphold scientifically valid methodologies and ethical considerations from

 The Otsuka group CSR: Society
the viewpoints of animal protection and welfare, including the lives of the animals; preservation of the environment; and the safety of experimenters.
As an in-house management system, we have developed and implemented rules on experiments that involve animals, have established an Animal Experiment Committee, and properly carry out animal experiments and breeding. The Animal
Experiment Committee evaluates whether each proposed animal experiment plan is appropriate based on the 3Rs principles. These are Replacement/avoidance or replacement of animal use, Reduction/minimization in the number of animals used, and Refinement/minimization of animal suffering. Based on these, we conduct researcher education and internal inspections and evalu- ations of the implementation of experiments involving animals.
our partners sent back their responses. We assess our business partners with respect to not just legal compliance but their activi- ties regarding human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption measures. And by providing feedback we are further encouraging CSR procurement.
Moreover, in order to ensure a stable supply of products, we perform risk assessments on key raw materials in advance to
identify potential risks so we can take countermeasures. And in principle, we purchase raw materials from multiple companies.
We also take environmental considerations into account. For example, Otsuka Pharmaceutical collaborates with the e-Com- merce Department to make suggestions about environmentally friendly packaging.
*Questionnaires are sent to business partners that correspond to predefined criteria.
When conducting research using information or specimen col- lected from the human body, such as tissues and blood, the Otsuka group complies with all laws and guidelines and conducts scientifically and medically appropriate research with consider- ation of ethics. Each group company establishes committees that include outside members to ensure the appropriateness and
credibility of research. The committees do so by examining research plans, the significance and goals of research, personal information management system, research progress status, and research outcomes from the standpoints of ethical and scientific validity and of protection of personal information.
1. Relationship with Suppliers
We will build a relationship of trust with our suppliers within the value chain through open and fair communication to aim for mutual sustain- able growth.
2. Supplier Selection Criteria
We will select fair and transparent companies for our suppliers by compre- hensively evaluating quality (Q), cost (C), delivery (D), and business stability.
Production and Quality Control
Basic Policy
The duty of a healthcare company is to always put its customers first. In pursuing product quality and safety, the Otsuka group has established a production and quality control system suited to
Approach
The Otsuka group’s production, quality, and safety control sys- tems comply with legal requirements and governmental and industry standards (including Japan’s Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Act (PMD Act) and Japan’s Food Sanitation Act). The group is also working to acquire international certifications such as ISO9001 for quality, ISO13485 for medical devices, and ISO22000 and FSSC22000 for food safety. Furthermore, in order to ensure thorough quality control, we employ a traceability system covering all stages of the product lifecycle, from raw material procurement to production, distribution, and sale. Group-wide global production meetings are held regularly to share various issues and case examples related to production at our plants in order to provide the latest information about pro- duction control and prevent issues from occurring. In addition, we provide regular training to relevant employees from health and safety to GMP*, environmental protection, food safety, compliance, ISO standards, and so on.
Our major group companies that operate on a global scale have also established and operate global quality assurance sys- tems. For instance, Global Product Quality Meeting was held in 2019 at Otsuka Pharmaceutical and attended by around 100 people, including managers and quality supervisors, to discuss quality issues and future initiatives. In our Pharmaceutical
3. Consideration for Society
To achieve a sustainable society, we fulfill our social responsibility for
human rights, labor, environment and support for local communities.
4. Compliance
While abiding all the laws and regulations, we will thoroughly eliminate unfair transactions and behave with high ethical standards.
the characteristics of each of our business lines, namely, pharma- ceuticals, foods, beverage, chemicals and, cosmetics.
Business, we established global product quality policies for each area in 2017. In addition to product quality, we also aim to improve the quality of clinical practices and IT operations that handle clinical data and we are constantly making improvements by globally managing quality benchmarks. In the Nutraceutical Business, we utilize our global network to draw up guidelines and establish benchmarks for monitoring quality control activities and strive to constantly improve quality through mutual knowl- edge and inspection. Owing to differences in systems and regula- tions in each country and region, we encourage each of our plants to acquire international standards, such as ISO9001, FSSC22000, and ISO14001 (environment). We also perform internal audits on our plants on a periodic basis.
As for inquiries about our products from customers, we
have in place a framework that further improves the value of our
products. More specifically, we confirm with our product quality
departments about how the product lot was manufactured,
analyze the returned item, compare it with other products in
storage at the plant, analyze the cause of the issue, and come up
with future countermeasures. *Good Manufacturing Practice
Considerations in research using pathogenic microorganisms/genetically modified organisms
In experiments using genetically modified organisms, and in the use of pathogenic microorganisms or research samples that may contain these, the Otsuka group complies with laws and ordi- nances, and works toward the prevention of experiment-related
Ethics in development
In the development of pharmaceuticals, we confirm the safety and effectiveness of candidate compounds by conducting clinical trials with the cooperation of healthy individuals and patients. Recognizing the importance of ethical considerations toward
Procurement
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group, together with its business partners, aims to contribute to the building of a sustainable society by promoting CSR procurement that takes into consideration factors such as
Approach
The Otsuka group engages in business activities that are safe, reliable, socially acceptable, and in compliance with laws and regulations across the entire value chain. When commencing dealings with a business partner, we perform screening and checks to ensure the quality of raw materials and to guarantee stable procurement. We also conclude a basic transaction agree- ment in advance. In the case of a new supplier, transactions are only determined after we have carried out due diligence before- hand. In seeking mutually sustainable development through fair, equitable, and transparent procurement and the establishment of
66 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
accidents and toward consideration of the environment. We do so through the setting of internal rules and through examination by safety committees and screening committees.
human rights and personal information, the Otsuka group imple- ments clinical trials in compliance with ethical principles and standards, including ICH-GCP, an international standard for the implementation of clinical trials for pharmaceutical products.
legal compliance, the environment, and the protection of human rights.
healthy relationships, we have formulated and share with our business partners our group-wide Otsuka Group Sourcing / Pro- curement Vision & Policy, which takes into account factors such as human rights, labor issues, the environment, and anti-corruption measures. We have also formulated our Sourcing / Procurement Guideline that embodies the provisions of our policy and plan to hold information sessions in the future for our business partners.
We conduct surveys on business partners by using the CSR procurement self-assessment questionnaire* provided by UN Global Compact Network Japan—in 2018 more than 95% of
Foundation of Value Creation
 Ethical considerations in research using human-derived specimens
Otsuka Group Sourcing / Procurement Vision & Policy
Based on the corporate philosophy “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide” and global CSR standards, Otsuka Group will conduct the sourcing / procurement activities to contribute to building a sustainable society and to the people’s health improvement and QOL. Otsuka will strive to provide products with sufficient quality that are innovative, reliable and safe.
  Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 67

The Otsuka group CSR: Society
Sales
Basic Policy
We believe the Otsuka group is obligated to provide high- er-value products and services to our customers by engaging in
Approach in Pharmaceutical Business
The Otsuka group has expanded on the JPMA Promotion Code for Prescription Drugs—a code of behavior for healthcare profes- sionals—to formulate its own Code of Practice at each of the group companies in an effort to engage in appropriate collabora- tion based on relationships of trust with all stakeholders, includ- ing medical practitioners. Given that the clarification of relationships between pharmaceutical companies and healthcare organizations is a matter of social responsibility, we are striving to ensure adherence to standards in order to fulfill our responsibility as a pharmaceutical company and ensure the practice of proper medical care based on ethics and a patient-oriented commitment. Furthermore, in addition to abiding by legislation in each country, for example in Japan, Japan’s Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Act (PMD Act), we engage in quality control and post-manufac- turing safety control in accordance with GQP*1 and GVP*2
Measures against counterfeit drugs
Counterfeit drugs* have become an issue for the international community. Not only do they fail to provide the expected thera- peutic effect, but they put the patient’s health and life at risk. In combatting counterfeit drugs, the Otsuka has launched a global product security team (which also involves overseas group compa- nies) to prepare for the structure to deal with countermeasures.
suitable and legally compliant promotions and advertising and communicating with customers in an appropriate manner.
standards, report to the regulatory authorities, and develop and revise various documents. And we have established a system that allows us to constantly perform pharmacovigilance (PV*3) on a global level to collect and assess product safety information, including side effects. In this way, we continue to swiftly provide the results of our monitoring to medical institutions etc. To make sure these activities continue without a hitch, we also implement training every year for relevant personnel. For example, at Otsuka Pharmaceutical, in addition to the aforementioned training, the company conducts annual training related to PV for all employees based on the thinking that every employee is accountable for ensuring the safety of our pharmaceutical products.
*1 Good Quality Practice *2 Good Vigilance Practice *3 Pharmacovigilance
Collaborating with market surveillance agencies, industry bodies, and governments, we are making an effort to ensure patient safety and to make sure its pharmaceuticals reach the hands of its patients through the appropriate distribution channels that guar-
antee product quality.
*Any pharmaceutical product that deceptively represents its authenticity or origin, such as
drugs that do not contain the ingredients shown on the label or those that contain active ingredients other than those shown on the label.
alike, we periodically share the details of inquiries, specific opin- ions of users, and product safety information with our sales staff, safety control departments, and quality assurance depart- ments. We also analyze the inquiries we receive from customers and take steps to improve our products. To provide an example, Otsuka Pharmaceutical received inquiries about its Meptin aero- sol inhaler used to treat asthma attacks. It was discovered that the product failed to spray or function properly mainly because foreign substances were entering the inhaler through the mouthpiece and the dose counter would not tick over when the user failed to press down far enough. As a result, we made changes to the product’s labelling and made improvements to its internal structure.
In the Nutraceutical Business, dedicated departments for each product line at each of our group companies handle customer inquiries and hold periodic employee training sessions
The product sprays even when the dose counter fails to tick over as the user does not press all the way down on the inhaler. For this reason, we included easy-to-read instructions on the outside of the inhaler asking users to press all the way down.
focusing on related laws and regulations. The inquiries and opinions of customers are also submitted to the relevant depart- ments as feedback and reflected in future product developments and improvements. For example, Taiho Pharmaceutical adopted new specifications to reduce the sharpness on the edges of individual cases and exterior cardboard packaging for its Tiovita series so that customers would not cut their fingers when open- ing the product.
As for inquiries about defective products, returned items are analyzed by our quality control departments and compared with other products in storage. We then consider countermeasures in light of the reason for the defect.
The Otsuka group makes every effort on a daily basis to conscientiously and swiftly respond to customer inquiries and feedback in a manner that is easy to understand. For instance, Otsuka Pharmaceutical is now leveraging the use of artificial intelligence (AI) to provide customers with an even better quality of service. Our AI system offers up common or high-priority responses based on the nature of a customer’s inquiry, which enables our operators to respond more quickly and accurately.
Foundation of Value Creation
     Approach in Nutraceutical Business and Consumer Products Business
Corporate Philosophy
In the spirit of our corporate philosophy, “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide”, the Otsuka group of companies provides innovative products and services that contribute to more reward- ing, healthier lives for people everywhere, aiming to maintain the trust of our customers and society.
Policies
1. Commitment from our Leaders
We conduct our daily business with constant attentiveness to what patients and customers truly desire. We continue to uphold Otsuka’s culture of actualization and creativity as a company involved in all aspects of health, from the treatment of illnesses to the maintenance and promotion of healthy lifestyles. We are dedicated to becoming an indispensable company, contributing to better health and quality of life for people around the globe.
2. Corporate Governance
Our basic policies dictate that we fulfill our social responsibilities through honest and trustworthy dialogue with customers, business collaborators, employees, local communities, and shareholders; and that we do so through transparent, fair, and timely decision-making.
3. Inculcate Values in Employees
We have grown as a business by drawing upon the power of our highly diverse workforce. We remain committed to fostering the social and business mindfulness of employees so that we may stay abreast of prevailing values and true customer needs in order to create new catego- ries of products and services.
4. Interactive Communication with Customers
Applying knowledge and know-how accumulated through years of research and business, we conduct mutual communication activities including seminars, factory tours, and online communications to encour- age people to become more aware and informed about their health. We have also established points of contact for inquiries, consultations, and feedback to enhance our products and services.
5. Coordination and Cooperation for Rapid Problem-Solving
As a health-related company, we always put patients and consumers first, prioritizing the safety of our products. If any issues come to light, we marshal all resources so that we may quickly and efficiently provide solutions and develop ever-better products and services.
October, 2018
In similar fashion to the Pharmaceutical Business, we have estab- lished a dedicated unit comprising multiple departments to review marketing plans and sales promotion materials for prod- ucts in our Nutraceutical and Consumer Products businesses. This ensures that our marketing and sales promotion activities are appropriate and comply with laws and regulations.
Moreover, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, which develops products that deliver health value based on scientific grounds, has estab- lished an “Scientific Affairs Department” to gather and dissemi- nate information about products, related knowledge, and the latest academic information. This department also holds monthly information sessions for employees.
Communication with patients, medical professionals, and customers
The Otsuka group recognizes that enhancing mutual communi- cation with customers and responding to their opinions with sincerity further improves the value of our products and by extension, contributes to people’s health, our society, and local communities. In 2018 we published our “Declaration of
Customer-centric Commitment” to clearly express our stance on undertaking such initiatives.
In the Pharmaceutical Business, in order to minimize prob- lems and risks associated with product quality, safety, and usability experienced by patients and healthcare professionals
68 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 69

Declaration of Customer-centric Commitment
                      The Otsuka group CSR: Environment
Environment (Healthier Planet)
Aiming to be an indispensable company to contribute to the health of global people, the Otsuka group engages in business activities voluntarily, positively and continuously with creativity considering global environment through value chain. We are committed to shaping a sustainable society.
Third-party verification of GHG emissions
In order to improve the transparency and reliability of its environ- mental data, the Otsuka group is subject to the verification of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scopes 1 and 2, and categories 1, 2 and 11 of Scope 3)*1 by third-party organization. We also implement initiatives aimed at understanding and improving the trends in our emissions. We will continue to expand the scope of verification and further enhance the reliability of our data.
*1 Scope 1: Direct emissions
Scope 2: Indirect emissions from energy sources Scope 3: Other indirect emissions
*2 5 companies: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceu- tical, Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods
 GHG emissions throughout the value chain in fiscal 2018*2 Emissions from other Scope 1
categories 7.0% 21.1%
Foundation of Value Creation
    Policy
Category 11
Emissions from use of our sold products
5.6%
Category 1
1,399
thousand tons-CO2
Scope 2
12.8%
Scope 3
80.2%
  Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council
Emissions from purchased goods and services
53.5%
As a group of global companies that contribute to the health of people worldwide, the Otsuka group works sincerely to reduce the impact we have on the global environment through our busi- nesses, and hopes to contribute to the creation of a sustainable society that can protect the nature and the future of the earth.
The Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council—compris- ing a director of Otsuka Holdings, executive officers from each group company, and a secretariat—formulated the Otsuka Group Environmental Policy and Guidelines and advances initiatives on environmental management through collaboration between Otsuka group companies.
The Otsuka group has identified climate change, resource circulation, and water conservation as the CSR Materiality in its environmental initiatives. We have kicked off deliberations on the formulation of a long-term environmental vision that is consis- tent with the principles of the United Nations Global Compact, information disclosure under global standards, and the setting of medium-term environmental targets with specific action plans slated for launch in 2019.
Looking ahead, we will strengthen and practice environmen- tal management that meets our social responsibilities and the
demands of a global society by deepening the understanding and recognition of environmental problems through environmen- tal education for employees and by further enhancing collabora- tion between our group companies. Resource Circulation
FY 2030 Goal: 50% reduction in simple incineration and landfill compared to FY 2019In aiming to achieve a sounded material-cycle society, we are working to improve our resources usage efficiency, reduce the gener- ation of waste, promote 3R (reduce, reuse, and recycle) initiatives, and achieve a final waste disposal volume of close to zero in an effort to realize zero emissions (our in-house definition of a recycling rate of at least 99%).
 Council Organization
アバニア
大塚製薬
ビステラ
  大鵬薬品
Initiatives aimed at zero emissions
The Otsuka group companies carry out material recycling*1 and
アステックス
emissions with a recycling rate of 99.5%. They have also reduced their total waste volume by around 7,400 tons, a year-on-year reduction of 16%. The group will continue to work on bringing waste down to minimize disposal volume through activities that enhance the efficient use of resources across all our businesses.
 Resource recycling rate and final disposal amount*3
 大塚製薬 工場
Otsuka Foods
thermal recycling*2 of generated waste as required.
In fiscal 2018 our 14 group companies in Japan achieved zero
(tons)
1,000
800
600
400
99.5
(%)
100.0 99.0 98.0 97.0
  Otsuka tical Factory
Council members
Otsuka Chemical
200 *1 The processing and reuse of waste as raw materials or ingredients. 0
166 96.0 95.0
2018
Otsuka
Pharmaceu- Pharmaceu- Pharmaceu-
 Initiatives for energy use optimization and CO2 reduction
6,452
13,010
1.51
2018
1.58
1.56
1.54
1.52
1.50 In Japan
In Tokushima Prefecture where the production sites of the group are concentrated, Otsuka Chemical and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory supply electricity and steam to neighboring group com- panies with the use of cogeneration systems they installed. Initia- tives overseas to promote efficient energy use and reduce CO2
emissions across the group include the use of the Joint Crediting Mechanism (JCM)* and the installation of highly efficient equip- ment at P.T. Otsuka Indonesia.
*A system to work with developing countries for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, in which the result of reduction is assessed as contribution by both partner countries and Japan
*Calculated for Otsuka group consolidated subsidiaries and companies included in the top 5,000
70 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 71

The Otsuka group CSR: Governance
 Governance
In addition to improving management soundness, we work to improve our corporate ethics and work on appropriate risk management.
 Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
and levels of director remuneration, and other corporate gover- nance issues, and then reports to the Board of Directors. The Committee consists of the CEO, the director in charge of admin- istration, and all outside directors (currently three). The CEO serves as chair of the Committee.
e) Audit & Supervisory Board member and Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend and express opinions at meetings of the Board of Directors and monitor the legality and soundness of management as shown in the performance of duties by directors. Audits performed by Audit & Supervisory Board are at the core of this process. In striving to improve the effectiveness of audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members also share information and exchange opinions as appropriate with relevant departments, such as Internal Audit Department, Internal Control Department, Administration Department, and Finance and Accounting Department, as well as accounting auditor.
f) Evaluation of effectiveness of Board of Directors
From January through February every year, the Company con- ducts a questionnaire survey of all the directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Based on the outcomes of the survey, the Company performs an examination and evaluation at the Board of Directors meeting in March following a review by a company attorney.
[ Summary of evaluation in fiscal 2018 ]
The results of the analysis and evaluation of the overall effective- ness of the Board of Directors in fiscal 2018 are summarized below. 1. While some Board members expressed the opinion that collab-
oration with outside directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board needs to be enhanced, it was confirmed that meetings between the Audit & Supervisory Board and outside directors, as well as opportunities for exchanging opinions with man- agement and outside directors are held regularly through which will serve to further improve communication up ahead.
2. As a result of revising how information is provided to board members, improvements regarding how meetings of the Board of Directors are managed were assessed favorably. It was confirmed that deliberations at meetings will be further enhanced up ahead by taking into account the opinions of Board members.
3. It was confirmed that the system for monitoring the execution of corporate strategies in each business needs to be further enhanced, even though some improvements have been made. While we believe these assessments indicate that the Board of Directors is functioning properly in terms of effectiveness, we will strive to make improvements regarding the issues high- lighted in the evaluation and examination, increase the Board’s effectiveness, and make every effort to further deepen corpo- rate governance at the Company.
Foundation of Value Creation
2008
2010
2011
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 Policy
• • • • •
• • •
• •
• • •
• •
• • •
• • •
•
• •
•
Establishment of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Term of directors set at one year
Decision not to adopt a directors’ retirement benefits system Corporate officer system adopted
Two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Stock options as performance-linked remuneration introduced Stock publicly listed in December
First Medium-Term Management Plan announced
Two outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Second Medium-Term Management Plan announced
Three outside directors; two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics established
Corporate Governance Guidelines established
Internal Whistleblowing System established externally (Otsuka Holdings and major group companies)
Three outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members Effectiveness of Board of Directors evaluated
Stock options conditional on progress with the medium-term management plan introduced
Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
Corporate Governance Committee established
Effectiveness of Board of Directors evaluated based on questionnaire completed by all directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
Reporting meetings held for outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members to improve their understanding of the group’s management and business
Two female directors
Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
Restricted stock compensation plan introduced
  Corporate Governance
Basic Position on Corporate Governance
Otsuka Holdings is committed to promoting sustainable increase of its corporate value over the medium- to long-term by realizing its corporate philosophy: “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide”. To meet this commitment, it adopts a basic policy of making transparent, fair and timely decisions, and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility by living up to the expectations of all stakeholders, including customers,
Overview of Corporate Governance Structure business partners, employees, local communities, and sharehold- ers, through ongoing dialogue. The Company articulates its basic approach to corporate governance in its Corporate Governance Guidelines.
Corporate Governance Guidelines アバニア https://www.ビotsスuテkaラ.com/en/company/governance/pdf/guideline.pdf
a) Corporate organization
As a company that adopts the statutory auditor system, the Company has the Board of Directors, the Audit & Supervisory Board, and also engages an accounting auditor. The Articles of Incorporation stipulate that the number of directors shall not exceed 18, and that the number of Audit & Supervisory Board members shall not exceed five.
b) The Board of Directors
The Board of Directors convenes once a month regularly and holds extraordinary meetings as necessary to make important business decisions and supervise the execution of operations.
c) Director selection criteria
The Company aims to become “an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide” by targeting sustained growth and enhanced corporate value over the medium to long term. To help achieve this goal and also ensure diversity among directors over- all, the Company appoints adequate people as directors—people with insight, advanced expertise, and extensive experience con- ducive to realizing and maintaining appropriate and effective corporate governance. Particularly for internal directors, we comprehensively evaluate the experience, expertise, insights, and other attributes of candidates to ensure that they have the quali- ties required for implementing the group’s corporate philosophy, Code of Business Ethics, and corporate strategies.
d) Corporate Governance Committee
In seeking to increase management’s transparency and objectiv- ity, the Company established Corporate Governance Committee in February 2017. As an advisory body to the Board of Directors, the Committee discusses and deliberates the nomination of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, the structure
 大塚製薬 工場
アステックス
 The Board of Directors, which also includes Outside Directors,
advances the execution of management plans, supervises the Company’s management, and also assumes roles and responsibili- 大塚製薬 ties to enhance the profitability and capital investment efficiency
in order to promote the sustainable growth of the Company and
the increase of corporate value over the medium- to long-term.
The Company secures its soundness and establishes the solid
corporate governance structure living up to social expectations by ensuring that the Audit & Supervisory Board and its members,
which are independent from the Board of Directors, can audit the Directors’ performance of their duties in collaboration with the Accounting Auditor, as well as the Internal Audit Department.
Supervisory Board
12
3 (independent directors) One year
4
3 (independent directors) Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
Elects/Dismisses
(Cooperates with)
 Governance System – Quick Reference (as of March 28, 2019) Company with an Audit &Form of organization
大鵬薬品Board of Directorsof which outside directorsTerm of directorsAudit & Supervisory Board membersof which outside Audit & Supervi- sory Board membersAccounting auditor Shareholders’ Meeting
  Consults Recommends
Approval of material matters Management guidance
Operational audits Accounting audits
(Cooperates with)
Accounting audits
(Cooperates with)
Accounting Auditor
Elects/Dismisses
Elects/Dismisses
   Corporate Governance Committee
Board of Directors
(12 directors including 3 outside directors)
Appoints/Dismisses
Instructs Reports
Audit and Supervisory Board (4 auditors including 3 outside members)
  President and Representative Director, CEO
       Internal Audit Department
     Meetings of the Group’s boards of corporate auditors
Prior consultation Ex post facto reports
  Subsidiaries (Shareholders’ Meeting, Board of Directors, Audit and Supervisory Board members, etc.)
72 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 73
The Otsuka group CSR: Governance
g) Independent directors / auditors
When selecting outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, the Company looks for individuals with a great deal of knowledge and extensive experience in various fields. The Company requires that candidates have the ability to adequately exercise management oversight functions through fair and objec- tive monitoring, supervision, and auditing of management from a neutral and objective viewpoint. In addition to requiring that outside directors have not been involved in business execution at
 Rationale for selection of outside directors and auditors
Mr. Matsutani has been giving effective advice to the Company’s managers from a neutral and expert perspective as an outside director, with his abundant experience and extensive knowledge in the medical welfare field, as well as his expertise in the healthcare industry. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company believes Mr. Mat- sutani to be suitable as an independent director.
The Company anticipates that, given his abundant experience and extensive knowledge as a corpo- rate manager, as well as his expertise in the pharmaceutical industry, Mr. Sekiguchi will be able to give effective advice as appropriate to the Company’s managers from a neutral and expert perspec- tive as an outside director. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company believes Mr. Sekiguchi to be suitable as an independent director.
The Company anticipates that, given his abundant experience, track record, and insight as a corpo- rate manager, as well as his ample experience, expertise, and network in the food industry, Mr. Aoki will be able to provide beneficial and shrewd advice to the Company’s management from an objec- tive and expert perspective as an outside director. As there is no risk of conflicts of interest with general shareholders, the Company believes Mr. Aoki to be suitable as an independent director.
Mr. Sugawara has specialized knowledge as a certified public accountant, as well as abundant business experience, and the Company has determined that he will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company has designated Mr. Sugawara as an independent audit & supervisory board member.
As an attorney, Ms. Wachi is well-versed in corporate legal affairs, and the Company has deter- mined that she will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company has designated Ms. Wachi as an independent audit & supervisory board member.
Mr. Takahashi has held major positions in the IT and internal control departments for many years and has abundant experience in corporate management, and the Company has determined that he will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company has designated Mr. Takahashi as an independent audit & supervisory board member.
h) Internal Audit Department
The Company’s Internal Audit Department reports directly to the president. The department regularly conducts audits based on the Internal Audit Rules to verify that operations are being exe- cuted appropriately and efficiently with regard to the assets and business in general of the Company and its affiliated companies. The department submits audit reports to the president, directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board members. When a need for improvement is indicated, the department recommends actions to be taken and afterward confirms the status of their implemen- tation in order to optimize business execution. The department also shares information and cooperates with Audit & Supervisory Board members and accounting auditor.
i) Internal Control Department
The Company’s Internal Control Department handles internal controls regarding financial reporting by the Company and its affiliated companies. The department formulates rules and man- uals pertaining to internal controls, provides training, and ensures that employees thoroughly understand operational rules. The department works in cooperation with the Internal Audit Department to continuously monitor the status of operations, thus establishing a system under which executives can reliably
assess internal controls. Our basic approach to our internal con- trol system and its establishment is described in the corporate governance report submitted to the TSE.
j) Accounting audit
Otsuka Holdings has signed an auditing agreement with the auditing firm Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC as accounting auditor to audit the Company’s accounts from a fair and impartial stance. The certified public accountants who audited the Company’s accounts were Tsutomu Hirose, Koichi Niki, and Ichiro Matsunaga. They were assisted by 10 other certified public accountants and three other people. All of the certified public accountants who audited the Company’s accounts have done so continuously for less than seven years, therefore omitted that description.
k) Succession plan
In order to identify talented personnel early and systematically develop next-generation executives equipped with qualities and skills required under our corporate philosophy, Otsuka Holdings continuously builds and implements a next-generation executives development program and regularly reports on its progress to the Board of Directors.
Human Resource Development p.63
*The number of Board of Directors meetings and Audit & Supervisory Board meetings attended by outside director Yoshihisa Aoki is not listed because he was newly appointed at the 11th General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 28, 2019.
the Otsuka group of companies in the past, we have established independence standards for outside directors in order to ensure their independence. These standards are set out in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. They also apply to outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. Furthermore, given that all outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members satisfy requirements of independent directors/auditors prescribed by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE), the Company has registered them as such with the TSE.
13/13
—
10/10 —
— —
13/13
13/13
10/10
16/16
16/16
13/13
Remuneration system for directors and auditors is designed so that the Company attracts and retains talented personnel and strongly motivates them to perform their duties, thereby contrib- uting to sustained improvement in the group’s earnings and corporate value.
a) Director remuneration at the company as a hold- ing company
Remuneration for directors of Otsuka Holdings, a holding com- pany, consists of fixed remuneration according to title or posi- tion, bonuses linked to performance that provide short-term incentives, and stock-based compensation that provides medium- to long-term incentives. Beginning in fiscal 2019, we will be replacing stock options with a restricted stock-based compensation system as an incentive plan to achieve sustained growth in medium- to long-term earnings and corporate value. The restricted stocks issued under this system are part of a com- pensation system that reflects the attainment of Medium-Term
Management Plan, combining multiple conditions of earnings achievement based on the earnings indicators in our 3rd Medi- um-Term Management Plan.
b) Remuneration for directors of subsidiaries as oper- ating companies
Remuneration for directors of subsidiaries as operating compa- nies is determined based on their duties and responsibilities (execution of business based on group strategies formulated by Otsuka Holdings, as well as duties and responsibilities involving the formulation of strategies for the operating company, and strengthening corporate governance) and is not to exceed the cap on director remuneration resolved at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Note that the restricted stock-based compensation system newly implemented in fiscal 2019 will also apply to roughly 40 directors (excluding outside directors) at some of the group’s major subsidiaries.
Remuneration for Directors / Auditors
Foundation of Value Creation
 Outside directors
Outside
Audit & Supervisory Board members
Name
Yukio Matsutani
Ko Sekiguchi
Yoshihisa Aoki*
Hiroshi Sugawara
Yoko Wachi
Kazuo Takahashi
Rationale for selection
No. of times attended in FY2018
Board of Directors meeting
Audit & Super- visory Board meeting
   Independence Standards for Outside Directors (Corporate Governance Guidelines 8. (3))
The Company determines that an outside director is independent if none of the following applies:
1. A person who is a relative within the second degree of kinship of an outside director is currently or has been in the past three fiscal years a man- aging director, executive officer, executive operating officer, or important employee (each an “Executive”) of the Company or one or more of the Company’s subsidiaries.
2. A company to which an outside director belongs as an Executive has had one or more transactions with the Otsuka group, in which the amount of such transaction(s) in any fiscal year within the past three fiscal years exceeds 2% of consolidated net sales of either company.
3. The outside director, as a legal, accounting, or tax expert or as a consultant, has received remuneration exceeding ¥5 million per fiscal year directly from the Otsuka group (excluding remuneration as the Company’s outside director) in any fiscal year within the past three years.
4. The amount of donation to a non-profit organization to which an outside director belongs as an Executive from the Otsuka group has exceeded ¥10 million in total for the past three fiscal years and such amount exceeds 2% of the income of such non-profit organization.
74 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 75

The Otsuka group CSR: Governance
c) Remuneration for auditors of the Company
Audit & Supervisory Board members are essentially paid only basic remuneration; there are no variable components based on earnings.
 Total Remuneration by Officer Category, Total Remuneration by Type, and Number of Applicable Officers
to evade the payment of taxes. The group also endeavors to appropriately disclose information and ensure a degree of trans-
Risk Management
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group carries out risk management under the supervi- sion of top management based on the recognition that pursuing
Risk Management System
In establishing a risk management system for the Otsuka group, we have put in place Risk Management Policy and set up Risk Management Committee comprising director in charge of administration, President and Representative Director (as chair),
Approach
We individually assess risks in each of our businesses. The risk management officer performs analyses and evaluation, formu- lates and executes action plans with the aim of meeting objec- tives and targets for the organization, and periodically implements employee training with reference to events that
Business Continuity Planning and Management
The Otsuka group has business continuity plans (BCP) in place to ensure that the group continues to operate as effectively as possible and can maintain a stable supply of products, even when large-scale earthquakes and disasters strike. From the perspective of business continuity management (BCM), Otsuka Holdings and the group companies have jointly constructed a group-wide business continuity framework. We have gradually expanded the scope of this framework since acquiring ISO22301 certification in August 2012 for the production and stable supply of medicinal products, beverages, and foods. We then acquired certification for the stable supply of infusion solutions in April 2015, followed by the stable supply of anticancer drugs in May 2016. The acquisition of ISO22301 certification demonstrates
Information Security
In striving to raise the level of, and constantly improve, compre- hensive security across the group, we set up Otsuka Group Infor- mation Security Committee to facilitate the sharing of up-to-date security information and the examination of specific security measures. In order to counter the risk of cyber-attacks, the Otsuka group employs a number of measures, such as arranging system security audits by external specialists, diagnosing website vulnerabilities, conducting drills related to targeted email attacks, and monitoring posts on social media. In addition, the group conducts regular emergency drills with a focus on core systems
parency and trust when dealing with tax authorities worldwide.
management efficiency and controlling the risks inherent in its business activities is key if it is to enhance corporate value.
and others. Leveraging the controls put in place by each risk management department, Risk Management Committee assesses and comprehensively manages the risks that jeopardize the enhancement of the group’s sustained corporate value.
could pose a risk within the organization. Training related to topics such as corruption prevention and the protection of human rights based on the Otsuka Group Global Code of Busi- ness Ethics is also part of this approach. We also regularly hold drills to prepare for unexpected contingencies like disasters.
that from a BCM standpoint, our organization is equipped with infallible business continuity capabilities. Through collaboration mainly between Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, and Otsuka Warehouse, we are making every effort to strengthen our countermeasures and systems so that the Otsuka group as a whole can continue its business activities as best as possible and guarantee stable prod- uct supply even during times of disaster. In 2018, our major group companies jointly conducted a desktop simulation drill on the assumption of an earthquake with an epicenter directly below Tokyo. The drill provided an opportunity to test out our collaborative framework based on the topic of ensuring stable product supply.
which construct data. The Otsuka group has established a man- agement system to protect sensitive personal information of its customers and has acquired personal information protection management system (PrivacyMark) certification and information security management system (ISMS) certification for its busi- nesses where appropriate. Otsuka also established its EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy in 2017 concern- ing General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as part of group- wide initiatives on information security.
Officer category
Directors (excluding outside directors)
Audit & Super- visory Board members (excluding outside Audit &
Supervisory Board members)
Outside directors
Total remu- neration
etc.
(¥ million)
Total remuneration, by type
(¥ million)
Basic remunera- tion
Amount charged as cost of stock options
Bonus
Number of officers who receive basic remunera- tion
Foundation of Value Creation
   Compliance
Basic Policy
Legal compliance forms the cornerstone of all our business activi- ties. The Otsuka group possesses high ethical standards and we
Approach
The Otsuka group has established Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics and we openly publish information about our stance on initiatives in line with this code on our website in the form of a message from the President of Otsuka Holdings. We have also drawn up the Otsuka Group Global Anti-Corruption Policy, which represents our stance on preventing corruption at all of our sites worldwide. Accordingly, we continue to conduct our business activities based on a strong sense of ethics. We hold universal training sessions once or more every year based on the content of the aforementioned code and policy—they are attended by all employees of subsidiaries and we prepare materi- als in English, Chinese, and Indonesian, in addition to Japanese. Furthermore, details about our training sessions are reported regularly to the Board of Directors of Otsuka Holdings. Internal compliance-related audits are implemented periodically at each group company, the results of which are reported to the Board of Directors. As for initiatives overseas, compliance officers have been appointed at each of our group companies in Asia and
Tax Compliance
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group operates in countries around the world and recognizes that the appropriate payment of taxes in accordance with relevant laws and regulations in each country and region
Approach
The Otsuka group complies with the aforementioned code of ethics, tax policies, country-specific laws, tax conventions, and
76 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
25 25 — — 2
54 54 — — 8
aim to achieve sustained growth along with earning the trust of our customers by conducting our business activities honestly.
regular meetings are held so the progress of initiatives in each country can be shared. A compliance officer from Otsuka Hold- ings also visits our overseas group companies to gather informa- tion and offer suggestions on how improvements may be made. A due diligence policy is also in force at each of our group com- panies. We conduct due diligence on new business partners for the purpose of assessing risk related to corruption. And at Otsuka Holdings and our leading group companies, we have taken steps to establish internal whistleblowing systems that can be accessed from within the company or from an external loca- tion, such as the offices of our attorneys. Our rules allow for whistleblowing not only by full-time employees but also by con- tract, dispatched, and part-time employees, all of whom can rest assured knowing that information about themselves and their reports are strictly managed to prevent any negative repercus- sions. Information related to the internal whistleblowing systems at the major group companies is reported regularly at the Board of Directors meetings of Otsuka Holdings.
contributes to the local economy in those countries and regions. The Otsuka group fulfills its tax obligations in accordance with the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics.
international taxation rules, submitting tax declarations correctly, paying corporate tax, and not engaging in transactions designed

  Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(as of March 28, 2019)
Foundation of Value CreationFrom left: Noriko Tojo, Yoshihisa Aoki, Sadanobu Tobe, Yukio Matsutani, Yoshiro Matsuo, Ko Sekiguchi, Ichiro Otsuka
Tatsuo Higuchi, Yozo Toba, Yuko Makino, Hiroshi Sugawara, Shuichi Takagi, Yoko Wachi, Atsumasa Makise, Kazuo Takahashi, Masayuki Kobayashi
Directors
Chairman and Representative Director
Ichiro Otsuka
President and Representative Director, CEO
Tatsuo Higuchi
Senior Managing Director
Yoshiro Matsuo
Outside Director
Yukio Matsutani
Outside Director
Ko Sekiguchi
Outside Director
Yoshihisa Aoki
 Apr. 1987 June 1997
June 1998 Dec. 2001
May 2002 Dec. 2003
Dec. 2004
July 2008 June 2010
June 2014 Mar. 2015
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Executive Director, Director of Consumer Products Development Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, responsible for Consumer Products, Publicity, Promotion and Development Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Executive Director, Research and Development, Otsuka Pharmaceuti- cal Factory, Inc.
Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc. Executive Deputy President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Deputy President and Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Vice Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. Executive Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Current Position) Chairman, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc. (Current Position) Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Mar. 1977 June 1998
Nov. 1998
June 1999
June 2000
June 2008 July 2008
Dec. 2011 Feb. 2015
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Pharmavite)
Executive Deputy President and Executive Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, responsible for U.S. Business, Otsuka Pharmaceu- tical Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, CEO, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Executive Director, Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1985 Jan. 2003
June 2006 Nov. 2007
July 2008 Mar. 2016 Jan. 2017 Mar. 2019
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Associate General Manager of the General Affairs Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, General Manager of the General Affairs Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Senior Vice President, General Manager of the General Affairs Department with additional responsibility for Legal Affairs and External Relations, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Corporate Administration, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Corporate Administration, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Medical Devices Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Senior Managing Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1975 Oct. 1981
Aug. 2005
Aug. 2007 Apr. 2012 Dec. 2015
Mar. 2016
Intern, Pediatric Department, St. Luke’s International Hospital Joined Ministry of Health and Welfare (present day Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
Director-General, Health Policy Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Director, National Sanatorium Tama Zenshoen
President, National Institute of Public Health
Vice President, International University of Health and Welfare (Current Position)
Outside Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1973 May 1990 Jan. 1996
Nov. 1998
July 2009 Oct. 2009 Jan. 2011 Apr. 2012
Mar. 2014 Mar. 2018
Joined Mitsubishi Corporation
Joined The Boston Consulting Group
General Manager of Sterrad Business Division, Johnson & Johnson Medical K. K. (present day Johnson & Johnson K. K. Medical Company)
President and Representative Director, Janssen Kyowa Co., Ltd. (present day Janssen Pharmaceutical K. K.)
Chairman and Director, Janssen Kyowa Co., Ltd.
Supreme Advisor, Janssen Kyowa Co., Ltd.
Representative Director, DIA Japan (present day SH DIA Japan) Outside Director, N.I.C. Corporation (present day Solasto Corpora- tion) (Current Position)
Outside Director, Kenedix, Inc.
Outside Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1974 June 2003 Apr. 2009
Apr. 2010
Mar. 2017 June 2017 Mar. 2019
Joined ITOCHU Corporation
Executive Officer, ITOCHU Corporation
Managing Executive Officer, President, Food Company, ITOCHU Corporation
Member of the Board, Senior Managing Executive Officer, President, Food Company, ITOCHU Corporation
Administrative Officer, ITOCHU Corporation (Current Position) Outside Director, ARATA CORPORATION (Current Position)
Outside Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Executive Director, CFO
Yuko Makino
Executive Director
Sadanobu Tobe
Executive Director
Atsumasa Makise
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Apr. 1982 Apr. 1996 Apr. 2000 Mar. 2015
Sept.2016 Apr. 2017
Mar. 2018 Mar. 2019
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Joined Baxter Limited
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Director of the Corporate Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of the Corporate Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of Accounting Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of the Tax Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of the Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Corporate Finance, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. Executive Director, CFO, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1976
July 1993
Nov. 2004
May 2006
July 2008 June 2009 June 2011 June 2012 June 2013
Nov. 2013 June 2014 Mar. 2018 Mar. 2019
Senior Managing Director and Representative Director, Shinko Foods Co., Ltd. (present day Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.)
Executive Deputy President and Representative Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Executive Deputy President and Representative Director, Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd. (present day Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.) President and Representative Director, Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Vice Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd. Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd. Vice Chairman, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd. Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position) Chairman, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Dec. 1987 June 2002
June 2003
June 2007
July 2008
May 2009 Apr. 2010 Mar. 2017 Mar. 2018
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of ODPI Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director, Finance Department of OIAA Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Finance and Accounting, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Corporate Finance, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Chairman and CEO, Otsuka America Inc.
Chairman, Otsuka America Inc.
Executive Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Yozo Toba
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Hiroshi Sugawara
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Yoko Wachi
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Kazuo Takahashi
 Executive Director
Masayuki Kobayashi
Executive Director
Noriko Tojo
Executive Director, Business Portfolio Management
Shuichi Takagi
Oct. 1993 Aug. 2002
Sept.2003 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2012
Apr. 2014 Mar. 2017
Joined Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
President, Taiho Pharma USA, Inc. (present day TAIHO ONCOLOGY, INC.)
Executive Director, Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
President and CEO, Otsuka America, Inc.
President and Representative Director, Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Executive Director, Taiho Pharma USA, Inc.
Chairman, TAIHO ONCOLOGY, INC. (Current Position)
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1987 Aug. 1991 July 2002 June 2006 Aug. 2008 Feb. 2011 Apr. 2012 Aug. 2015 Jan. 2017
May 2017 Aug. 2017 Mar. 2018
Joined Goldman Sachs (Japan) Corporation
Joined Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
Engagement Manager, McKinsey & Company, Japan Office
Director, Intel Capital Japan, Intel Corporation
Managing Director, Corporate Development, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. Executive Director, Otsuka Medical Devices Co., Ltd.
President and CEO, Otsuka America, Inc.
Executive Director and CEO, Pharmavite LLC
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Medical Devices Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Executive Director, Otsuka America, Inc.
Chairman, Pharmavite LLC
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1989 Sept.1995 Aug. 2002
July 2003 Mar. 2015 May 2015
Jan. 2019 Mar. 2019
Joined TOBISHIMA CORPORATION
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Finance Department of OIAA Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Corporate Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Pharmaceuti- cal Co., Ltd.
Vice President responsible for India Business, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
CEO, Claris Otsuka Private Limited (present day Otsuka Pharmaceu- tical India Private Limited)
Senior Vice President, President’s Office, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. Executive Director, Business Portfolio Management, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
78
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 79
Apr. 1979 Jan. 1995
Jan. 2006 May 2009
June 2009
Dec. 2011 Mar. 2015
Mar. 2018
Joined Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.
Director, Information Center, Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.
CFO, Trocellen GmbH
Operating Officer, Information System Department, Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd. (present day Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.) Corporate Officer, Director of IT, Corporate Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Corporate Administration, Accounting and IT, Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd. Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Accounting & Corporate Service Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Oct. 1997 Oct. 2000
Feb. 2006 June 2010 June 2012 Oct. 2013 Mar. 2016
Joined Chuo Audit Corporation
Joined Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (present day Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC)
Vice President, Will Capital Management Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, NIPPON PARKING DEVELOP- MENT Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1989
June 2015 Mar. 2016
Registered as an attorney at law (Dai-ichi Tokyo Bar Association)
Joined KAJITANI LAW OFFICES (Current Position)
Corporate Auditor, NICHIAS Corporation (Current Position)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Apr. 1975 Mar. 1986 Nov. 1992 Oct. 2004 May 2006
May 2008 May 2010 Mar. 2018
Joined EBARA-UDYLITE CO., LTD. (present day JCU CORPORATION)
Executive Director, Strategic Planning, RA Institute Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, General Manager of the System Division, Sunkus & Associates, Inc. Executive Director, Head of the Information System Division, Circle K Sunkus Co., Ltd. Executive Director, Chief of the Management Strategy Office, the Customer & Franchisee Relations Office, and the Internal Control & Environmental Management Office, Circle K Sunkus Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Head of Area Franchise, Circle K Sunkus Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Head of Information Systems Division, Circle K Sunkus Co., Ltd.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (Current Position)
Main Data
With effect from fiscal 2016 (ended December 31, 2016), Otsuka adopted the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Information for fiscal 2015 (ended December 31, 2015) is also presented in line with IFRS.
Data Section
 Billions of Yen
2013.3
¥ 1,218.1 462.2 192.4 15.8 169.7 13.9 122.4
¥ 1,779.2 1,325.1
73.7 9.7
¥ 119.3 (91.2)
28.1
¥58 26.1
557,836 ¥ 3,300
25,330 13,732 11,598
187 4.8
Billions of Yen
Millions of U.S. Dollars *4
IFRS
     J-GAAP
2012.3
¥ 1,154.6 457.4 159.2 13.8 148.7 12.9 92.2
¥ 1,666.8 1,222.8
72.5 7.8
¥ 147.6 (107.6)
40.0
¥45 27.2
557,836 ¥ 2,450
24,595 13,808 10,787
J-GAAP
¥ 1,224.3 508.6 172.9 14.1 196.5 16.1 143.1
¥ 2,178.2 1,658.6
74.7 9.2
¥ 88.5 (28.7)
59.9
¥75 28.4
557,836 ¥ 3,617
29,482 14,285 15,197
226 6.1
IFRS
   2018.12
 ¥ 1,292.0
564.4
216.1
16.7
108.3
8.4
82.5
 ¥ 2,476.6
1,732.3
68.8
4.7
 ¥ 135.8
(93.3)
42.5
 ¥ 100
65.7
 557,836
¥ 4,493
 32,935
13,757
19,178
 280
8.1
 842
38.5
61.5
19,463
99.5
  2018.12
 $ 11,639
5,084
1,947
—
976
—
743
 $ 22,312
15,606
—
—
 $ 1,224
(841)
383
 $ 0.90
—
 —
$ 40.48
     Results of Operations
Financial Position
Cash Flows
Dividends
Common Stock/ Stock Price
Number of Employees *5
Female Manager Ratio *6
Environmental Data *7
(%)
(%)
(%)
Item*1
Revenue
Selling, general and administrative expenses*2 Research and development expenses
R&D ratio
Operating profit
Operating profit margin
Profit attributable to owners of the Company
Total assets Total equity
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the Company to total assets
2011.3
¥ 1,127.6 457.6 164.7 14.6 126.3 11.2 82.4
¥ 1,589.7 1,163.3
72.4 7.9
¥ 87.7 (131.5) (43.8)
¥28 17.3
557,836 ¥ 2,055
25,188 14,030 11,158
2014.3
¥ 1,452.8 563.4 249.0 17.1 198.7 13.7 151.0
¥ 2,028.4 1,510.8
73.2 10.8
¥ 226.5 (108.5)
117.9
¥65 23.4
557,836 ¥ 3,087
28,288 14,116 14,172
202 5.3
2014.12*3
2015.12
¥ 1,427.4 636.4 202.7 14.2 148.9 10.4 102.0
¥ 2,575.3 1,727.4
66.0 6.1
¥ 257.9 (422.6) (164.7)
¥ 100 53.1
557,836 ¥ 4,317
31,940 14,082 17,858
248 7.0
2016.12
¥ 1,195.5 535.9 168.8 14.1 101.1 8.5 92.6
¥ 2,478.3 1,738.4
69.0 5.4
¥ 142.0 (135.1)
6.9
¥ 100 58.5
557,836 ¥ 5,093
31,787 13,909 17,878
269 7.7
801
42.8 57.2 0.67
18,721 98.3
2017.12
¥ 1,240.0 558.7 175.6 14.2 104.2 8.4 112.5
¥ 2,480.3 1,822.0
72.3 6.4
¥ 102.8 (40.1)
62.8
¥ 100 48.2
557,836 ¥ 4,948
32,817 13,880 18,937
270 7.8
818
39.8 60.2 0.66
19,768 98.9
       ROE (%)
   Net cash flows from operating activities Net cash flows from investing activities Free cash flows
Annual dividend per share Dividend pay-out ratio
Number of shares outstanding at year-end
Stock price at year-end
(Yen) (%)
(thousand shares)
(Yen)
         Total (persons) Japan (persons) Outside Japan (persons)
Number of female managers (persons) Female manager ratio (%)
Total CO2 emissions*8 (thousand tons-CO2)
Japan (%)
      Outside Japan
CO2 emissions per sales Water usage*8
Resource recycling rate*9
(%) (ton/¥ million) (thousand m3) (%)
   *1 Item names according to IFRS.
*2 SG&A expense under J-GAAP is presented as total expense less R&D expenses. The Company believes that
this is
useful to investors in comparing the Company’s financial results under
*5 Number of employees at Otsuka Holdings and its 162 subsidiaries (as of December 31, 2018).
*6 6 companies (non-consolidated): Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Chemical, Otsuka Warehouse, and Otsuka Foods *7 Environmental data is limited to the past four years due to a change in collation criteria from 2016.
*8 Calculated for the consolidated subsidiaries of the Otsuka group, and the companies that constitute the top 95% or more of CO2 emissions originating from energy.
*9 Figures of 14 major consolidated subsidiaries in Japan.
J-GAAP with those of IFRS.
*3 Due to a change in the consolidated fiscal year, fiscal 2014 (ended December 31, 2014) was a transitional period covering the nine months from April 1 to December 31, 2014.
*4 The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, solely for the reader’s convenience, at the rate of 111.00=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on December
31, 2018.
80 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 81

Management Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Results for Fiscal 2018
Data Section
 Market environment
The environment surrounding the healthcare industry is currently experiencing a period of change. In particular, an aging society, the introduction of expensive drugs, and outbreaks of infectious diseases are contributing to ever-increasing health care budgets, making governments of Japan, the United States and those in the Europe become more aware of costs for medical treatments. Faced with limited financial resources, medical guidelines are caught in the balance between the costs and benefits of treat- ments, while the penetration of generic drugs and reforms to the drug pricing system are continuing to progress, and expensive medical treatments and new technologies are emerging as well.
Under these circumstances, needs are steadily increasing for daily measures for disease prevention and balanced life plans that include nutrition, in addition to exercise and rest.
The Otsuka group’s operations encompass two core busi- nesses: the pharmaceutical business, which provides comprehen- sive health support from diagnosis to disease treatment, and the nutraceutical business, which assists people in maintaining and improving their day-to-day health. In response to the growing awareness of health, we are reconfirming our strong belief in the importance of total health care including disease prevention.
Status of revenues
During the fiscal year that ended December 31, 2018, the Otsuka group recorded consolidated revenues of 1,291,981 million yen (up 4.2% from the previous fiscal year), with operat- ing profit of 108,304 million yen (up 4.0%), profit for the year of 85,395 million yen (down 25.3%) and profit attributable to owners of the Company of 82,492 million yen (down 26.7%).
Strong growth of global products and a new product lineup contributed favorably to increased revenues. The group achieved a growth in operating profit, even after actively investing in R&D. Profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased from the previous fiscal year, due mainly to the 2017 tax reform in the U.S., the transient impact of which reversed income tax expenses into profits. Excluding this impact, profit attributable to owners of the Company for the current fiscal year would be on par with those of the previous fiscal year.
During the current fiscal year, 17,971 million yen was recog- nized as other income, which is related to a transaction in which the group acquired the remaining shares of ReCor Medical Inc., transformed the company into a wholly owned subsidiary, and reevaluated its existing shareholding and contractual rights with ReCor Medical, Inc. in accordance with the IFRS.
In addition, an impairment loss of 23,208 million yen on intangible assets (in-process research and development) was recorded as R&D expenses, as a result of revising future profit- ability projections for centanafadine (development code:
EB-1020) and guadecitabine (development code: SGI-110), which are currently being developed for the treatment of atten- tion deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML), respectively.
Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the current fiscal year included an impairment loss of 11,533 million yen on intangible assets (trademarks, marketing rights, etc.), due to termination of the license agreement for ONZETRA Xsail (generic name: sumatriptan). In addition, in this fiscal year Avanir Pharma- ceuticals, Inc. (California-based subsidiary of the Otsuka group) has reached an agreement in principle to resolve the United States Department of Justice’s investigation related to certain of Avanir’s past sales and marketing practices for its product NUEDEXTA®. The agreement in principle between Avanir and the United States is contingent upon the parties’ negotiation and execution of civil, criminal and administrative agreements. We estimated that fines, damages, disgorgement, restitution, legal fees and interest charges may total approximately $120 million, part of which had been accrued in the previous fiscal year, so in this fiscal year we accrued the remaining ¥10,064 million in “Selling, general and administrative expenses.”
Financial position
Assets
Total assets as of December 31, 2018 were 2,476,634 million yen, a decrease of 3,621 million yen compared to 2,480,256 million yen at the end of the previous fiscal year. Current assets decreased by 77,840 million yen, while non-current assets increased by 74,218 million yen. Both the decrease in current assets and the increase in non-current assets were due mainly to the fact that the Group used cash-on-hand to finance the acqui- sition of the remaining shares of ReCor Medical, Inc. and the acquisition of Visterra, Inc.
(Current assets)
Total current assets as of December 31, 2018 amounted to 933,102 million yen, a decrease of 77,840 million yen compared to 1,010,942 million yen at the end of the previous fiscal year. This decrease was mainly due to decreases in cash and cash equivalents of 51,590 million yen, and other financial assets of 49,769 million yen, which offset increases in trade and other receivables of 14,600 million yen, and inventories of 12,589 million yen.
(Non-current assets)
Total non-current assets as of December 31, 2018 were 1,543,532 million yen, an increase of 74,218 million yen com- pared to 1,469,313 million yen at the end of the previous fiscal
year. This increase was mainly due to increases in property, plant and equipment of 11,109 million yen, goodwill of 34,633 million yen, intangible assets of 28,080 million yen, and deferred tax assets of 21,448 million yen, while there was also a decrease in other financial assets of 20,951 million yen.
Liabilities
Total liabilities as of December 31, 2018 were 744,368 million yen, an increase of 86,061 million yen compared to 658,306 million yen at the end of the previous fiscal year. This increase was mainly due to 98,054 million yen in current and non-current contract liabilities resulting from the application of IFRS 15 from fiscal 2018, while there was also a 35,548 million yen decrease in current and non-current bonds and borrowings due to the scheduled payment of borrowings for the acquisition of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(Current liabilities)
Total current liabilities as of December 31, 2018 were 427,502 million yen, an increase of 41,036 million yen compared to 386,465 million yen at the end of the previous fiscal year. This increase was mainly due to increases in trade and other payables of 10,956 million yen, contract liabilities of 10,809 million yen accompanying the application of IFRS 15 from fiscal 2018, and other current liabilities of 16,793 million yen.
(Non-current liabilities)
Total non-current liabilities as of December 31, 2018 were 316,865 million yen, an increase of 45,025 million yen compared to 271,840 million yen at the end of the previous fiscal year. This increase was mainly due to an increase in contract liabilities of 87,245 million yen due to the application of IFRS 15 from fiscal 2018, while there was also a decrease in bonds and borrowings of 36,988 million yen.
Equity
Total equity as of December 31, 2018 was 1,732,266 million yen, a decrease of 89,683 million yen compared to 1,821,950 million yen at the end of the previous fiscal year. This decrease was mainly due to a 37,039 million yen decrease in retained earnings as a result of 54,184 million yen in payment of dividends, 82,492 million yen in profit attributable to owners of the Company, a 70,242 million yen impact due to the application of IFRS 15, and a 52,011 million yen decrease in other components of equity, due to stock market and exchange rate fluctuations.
Status of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2018 decreased by 51,590 million yen to 285,022 million yen, from the end of
the previous fiscal year. Net cash provided by operating activities was 135,821 million yen in fiscal 2018. Net cash used in invest- ing activities was 93,341 million yen, due to investments made for the future, including acquisition of the remaining shares of ReCor Medical, Inc. and acquisition of Visterra, Inc. Net cash used in financing activities was 89,198 million yen, as a result of dividend payments of 100 yen per share to shareholders (54,184 million yen in total) and repayments of non-current borrowings of 41,755 million yen. As a result, the total amount of cash outflows from investing and financing activities exceeded operat- ing cash inflows.
The total amount of bonds and borrowings as of December 31, 2018 was 205,885 million yen, which was exceeded by total cash and cash equivalents. Therefore, the group has maintained its own financial soundness.
The status of the Group’s cash flows during fiscal 2018, along with the contributing factors, is as follows.
Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2018 amounted to 135,821 million yen. The contributing factors were 109,497 million yen in profit before taxes, 59,275 million yen in deprecia- tion and amortization expenses, 34,742 million yen in impair- ment loss and reversal of impairment loss, 16,508 million yen in share of profit of associates, 20,468 million yen in increase in trade and other receivables, and 29,589 million yen in income taxes paid.
Cash flows from investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2018 amounted to 93,341 million yen. The main investing activities included 57,075 million yen in payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment, 16,533 million yen in payments for acquisition of intangible assets, 33,846 million yen in proceeds from sales and redemption of investments, 32,136 million yen in payments for acquisition of investments, 68,101 million yen in payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, and 47,287 million yen in decrease in time deposits. The payments for acquisition of subsidiaries were primarily for the acquisition of the remaining shares of ReCor Medical, Inc. and the acquisition of Visterra, Inc.
Cash flows from financing activities
Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2018 amounted to 89,198 million yen. The main financing activities included 6,544 million yen in proceeds from non-current borrowings, 41,755 million yen in repayments of non-current borrowings, and 55,295 million yen in dividends paid.
82 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 83

Consolidated Financial Statements
Otsuka Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2018
Data Section
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade and other receivables
Inventories 144.5
Billions of Yen
Millions of U.S. Dollars*
Billions of Yen
¥ 159.9 64.5 2.3 8.0 — 151.7
386.5 0
386.5
177.0 19.0 14.7 3.7 — 44.7 12.8
271.8
658.3
81.7 505.6
(47.3) 1,266.4
(13.2)
1,793.3
28.7
1,822.0
¥ 2,480.3
Millions of U.S. Dollars*
  2018.12
 ¥ 285.0
378.5
157.1
9.2
66.6
36.6
 933.1
0
 933.1
 393.6
284.1
483.9
189.6
155.2
28.4
8.7
 1,543.5
 ¥ 2,476.6
  2018.12
 $ 2,568
3,410
1,416
83
600
329
 8,406
0
 8,406
 3,546
2,559
4,360
1,708
1,398
256
78
 13,906
 $ 22,312
    2018.12
 ¥ 170.9
65.9
4.2
7.2
10.8
168.5
 427.5
0
 427.5
 140.0
22.8
18.3
0.6
87.2
35.6
12.3
 316.9
 744.4
 81.7
505.9
(47.3)
1,229.4
(65.2)
 1,704.5
 27.8
 1,732.3
 ¥ 2,476.6
  2018.12
 $ 1,539
594
38
65
97
1,518
 3,851
0
 3,851
 1,261
206
165
6
786
320
111
 2,855
 6,706
 736
4,558
(426)
11,075
(587)
 15,356
 250
 15,606
 $ 22,312
  2017.12
Liabilities and equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables Bonds and borrowings Other financial liabilities Income taxes payable Contract liabilities
Other current liabilities
Subtotal
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds and borrowings Other financial liabilities
Net defined benefit liabilities Provisions
Contract liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Equity
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of the Company
Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
2017.12
   Income taxes receivable Other financial assets Other current assets
Subtotal
Assets held for sale
Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment Goodwill
Intangible assets
Investments in associates Other financial assets Deferred tax assets
Other non-current assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
11.5 116.4 37.5
1,010.5 0.5
1,010.9
382.5 249.5 455.9 188.2 176.1
7 10.2
1,469.3
¥ 2,480.3
¥ 336.6 363.9
                 * The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, solely for the reader’s convenience, at the rate of 111.00=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on December 31, 2018.
• For consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements, refer to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”:
https://www.otsuka.com/en/ir/library/report.html
84 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 85

Consolidated Financial Statements
Otsuka Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2018
Data Section
 Consolidated Statement of Income
Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses
Share of profit of associates
Other income
Other expenses
Operating profit
Finance income
Finance costs
Other non-operating income (expenses)
Profit before taxes
Income tax expenses
Profit for the year Attributable to:
Owners of the Company Non-controlling interests
Earnings per share:
Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Billions of Yen
Millions of U.S. Dollars*
Billions of Yen
   2018.12
 ¥ 1,292.0
(441.8)
 850.2
(564.4)
(216.1)
16.5
24.5
(2.3)
 108.3
9.2
(8.0)
0
 109.5
(24.1)
 ¥ 85.4
 82.5
2.9
   2018.12
 $ 11,639
(3,980)
 7,659
(5,084)
(1,947)
149
221
(21)
 976
83
(72)
0
 986
(217)
 $ 769
 743
26
 2017.12
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Other components of equity
  ¥ 1,240.0 (422.5)
817.5 (558.7) (175.6)
19.3 6.1
(4.4)
104.2 4.3
(5.1) 0.3
103.7 10.7
114.4
112.5 1.9
Share capital
¥ 81.7 — — — — — —
—
—
— 81.7
— 81.7 — — — — — —
— —
—
Share capital
— 736 — — — — — —
— —
—
Capital Treasury surplus shares
¥ 504.0 ¥ (47.3) — — — — — —
— (0)
— — 0.2 —
1.4 —
— — 1.6 0 505.6 (47.3)
— — 505.6 (47.3) — —
— — — — — (0.0) — —
(0.0) —
0.3 — — —
— —
Capital Treasury surplus shares
— — (488) (0) — —
3 — — — — —
— — 44
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
—
— 2.1 2.1 — — —
—
(2.1) (2.1) —
Financial assets Foreign Non-con- measured at trolling fair value currency Cash flow Total Total interests
through other translation hedges comprehensive
Total equity
1,738.4 114.4 23.4 137.8
(0) (54.8) 0.2
0.3
— (54.3) 1,822.0
(70.2) 1,751.7 85.4
(48.5) 36.9 0.0 (55.3) 0.0
(0.5) (0.5)
—
Total equity
Retained earnings
¥ 1,209.1 112.5 — 112.5 —
(54.2) —
—
(1.0) (55.2) 1,266.4
(70.2) 1,196.2 82.5 — 82.5 —
(54.2) —
— —
4.9
income reserve
  Balance as of January 1, 2017
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in loss of control
Transfer from other components of equity to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners, etc. Balance as of December 31, 2017
Changes in accounting policies Restated balance
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in loss of control
Disposal of subsidiaries
Transfer from other components of equity to retained earnings
¥
22.4 ¥ (59.4) ¥ 0.0 ¥ (37.0) ¥ 1,710.5 ¥ 27.9 — — — — 112.5 1.9 17.4 3.3 (0.0) 22.8 22.8 0.7 17.4 3.3 (0.0) 22.8 135.3 2.6 — — — — (0) —
— — — — (54.2) (0.6) — — — — 0.2 —
— 0.0 — 0.0 1.4 (1.2)
3.2 — — 1.0 — —
3.2 0 — 1.1 (52.5) (1.8) 42.9 (56.1) 0.0 (13.2) 1,793.3 28.7
¥
      ¥
 Balance as of January 1, 2018
 ¥ 81.7
¥ 505.6
¥ (47.3)
¥ 1,266.4
—
¥ 42.9
¥ (56.1)
¥ 0.0
¥ (13.2)
¥ 1,793.3
¥ 28.7
¥ 1,822.0
  — —— — (70.2) — 42.9 (56.1) 0.0 (13.2) 1,723.0 28.7
—
—
—— —— — 82.5 2.9
     ¥ 152.24
151.26
  $ 1.37
1.36
 ¥ 207.60 206.99
Yen
Billions of Yen
U.S. Dollars*
Millions of U.S. Dollars*
(2.7) (12.0) (32.5) 0.0 (47.1) (47.1) (1.4) (2.7) (12.0) (32.5) 0.0 (47.1) 35.4 1.5 — — — — — 0.0 —
— — — — — (54.2) (1.1) — — — — — 0.0 —
— — 0.0 — 0.0 0.3 (0.8) — — — — — — (0.5)
2.7 (7.6) — — (4.9) — —
Millions of U.S. Dollars*
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 2017.12
 Total transactions with owners, etc.
 —
0.3
(0.0)
(49.3)
2.7
(7.6)
0
—
(4.9)
(53.9)
(2.4)
(56.3)
Balance as of December 31, 2018
 ¥ 81.7
¥ 505.9
¥ (47.3)
¥ 1,229.4
—
¥ 23.3
¥(88.5)
¥ 0.0
¥ (65.2)
¥ 1,704.5
¥ 27.8
¥ 1,732.3
  2018.12
 ¥ 85.4
(2.5)
(11.6)
(0.7)
 (14.8)
(26.3)
0
(7.5)
 (33.8)
 (48.5)
 ¥ 36.9
 35.4
1.5
  2018.12
 $ 769
(23)
(104)
(6)
 (133)
(237)
0
(67)
 (304)
 (437)
 $ 332
 319
14
  Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Components that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income
Share of other comprehensive income of associates
Subtotal
Components that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Foreign currency translation reserve
Cash flow hedges
Share of other comprehensive income of associates
Subtotal
Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive income
Attributable to:
Owners of the Company Non-controlling interests
¥ 114.4
1.9 17.0
0.5
19.5
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Retained earnings
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Foreign Non-con- trolling currency Cash flow Total Total interests
translation hedges reserve
Other components of equity
 Balance as of January 1, 2018
$ 736
$ 4,555
$ (426)
$ 11,409
$—
$ 387
$ (505)
$ (0)
$ (119)
$ 16,156
$ 258
$ 16,414
 Changes in accounting policies Restated balance
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in loss of control
Disposal of subsidiaries
Transfer from other components of equity to retained earnings
10,776 — — 743 — — — — — 743 — (0) —
(633) 15,781 — 743 26 769
— — 4,555 (426)
(633) — — — — — (633) —
— 387 (505) (0) (119) 15,523 258 ——— —
    ¥
(4.5) (0)
8.4
4.0
23.4
137.8
135.3 2.6
(25) (108) (292) 0 (25) (108) (292) 0 — — — — — — — — — — — —
— — 0 — — — — —
25 (69) — —
(425) (425) (13) (437) (425) 319 14 332 — (0) — (0)
— (488) (10) (498) — (0) — (0)
0 3 (7) (4) — — (5) (5)
(44) ———
  Total transactions with owners, etc.
 —
2
(0)
(444)
25
(69)
0
—
(44)
(486)
(22)
(507)
Balance as of December 31, 2018
 $ 736
$ 4,558
$ (426)
$ 11,075
$—
$ 210
$ (797)
$0
$ (587)
$ 15,356
$ 250
$ 15,606
 * The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, solely for the reader’s convenience, at the rate of 111.00=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on December 31, 2018.
• For consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements, refer to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”:
https://www.otsuka.com/en/ir/library/report.html
* The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, solely for the reader’s convenience, at the rate of 111.00=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on December 31, 2018.
• For consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements, refer to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”:
https://www.otsuka.com/en/ir/library/report.html
86 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 87

 Consolidated Financial Statements
Otsuka Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2018
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before taxes
Depreciation and amortization expenses Impairment loss and reversal of impairment loss Share of loss (profit) of associates
Finance income
Finance costs
Other non-operating (income) expenses Decrease (increase) in inventories
Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables Other
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash flows from (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment Payments for acquisition of intangible assets
Proceeds from sales and redemption of investments Payments for acquisition of investments
Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries Decrease (increase) in time deposits Other
Net cash flows from (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Purchase of treasury shares
Increase (decrease) in current borrowings Proceeds from non-current borrowings Repayments of non-current borrowings Dividends paid
Other
Net cash flows from (used in) financing activities
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Group Structure & Overview of Main Operating Companies
Data Section
  Billions of Yen
Millions of U.S. Dollars*
2018.12
$ 986 534 313
(149) (83)
72 —
(157) (184) 147
(59) 1,421 96
(27) (267)
1,224
4 (514) (149)
305 (290) (614) 426
(10) (841)
(0) 36 59
(376) (498) (24) (804)
(421) 3,033
(44) $ 2,568
   2017.12
2018.12
  ¥
103.7 62.2 28.8
(19.3) (4.3)
5.1 (0.3) (8.4) (9.9) (5.8)
(12.3)
139.5
10.2 (3.6) (43.2)
102.8
0.5 (54.2) (23.4)
74.4 (48.4) (47.1) 59.7
(1.6)
(40.1)
(0.0) (18.0)
25.5 (40.0) (54.9)
(7.2)
(94.5)
(31.8) 369.9
(1.5)
336.6
¥
109.5 59.3 34.7
(16.5) (9.2)
8.0 —
(17.4) (20.5) 16.3
(6.5)
157.7
10.6 (3.0) (29.6)
135.8
0.5 (57.1) (16.5)
33.8 (32.1) (68.1) 47.3
(1.1)
(93.3)
(0.0) 4.0 6.5
(41.8) (55.3) (2.7)
(89.2)
(46.7) 336.6
(4.9)
285.0
                                  ¥
¥
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Warehouse Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Medical Devices Co., Ltd.
A holistic healthcare company supporting whole-body health, from helping to cure disease through to the promotion of everyday health
In keeping with its corporate philosophy, the company is expanding its operations along two core businesses: the pharmaceutical business, which provides breakthrough treatments for patients around the world, and the nutraceutical business, which helps healthy people become even healthier.
Original company of the Otsuka group and a leader in IV solution with more than 70 years of experience in the intravenous solutions business in Japan
Based on its “The Best Partner in Clinical Nutrition” management vision, the company creates innovative products to meet a variety of needs: pharmaceuticals and medical devices, oral rehydration solutions and other medical foods, OTC drugs, and more. The company is expanding its businesses globally, mainly in Japan and Asia.
A pioneer of oral anticancer agents in Japan for half a century
“We strive to improve human health and contribute to a society enriched by smiles”—that is the corporate philosophy of Taiho Pharmaceuticals, an R&D-driven specialty pharmaceutical company specializing in the three fields of oncology, immunology & allergology, and urology. Particularly in the field of oncology, Taiho is well known as one of the leading companies in Japan and is also actively expanding its global presence. In the consumer healthcare business too it is focused on creating products that help people lead a life brimming with love based on its customer-first policy.
Contributing to people’s health worldwide in the field of logistics
Since its founding, Otsuka Warehouse has been consistently engaging in logistics for pharmaceuticals and food prod- ucts. It has built a common distribution platform for the Otsuka group in the three product areas of pharmaceuticals, food & beverages, and daily necessities. In recent years, the company has grown to offer logistics services outside the group.
Creatively giving shape to the power of materials for customers and the future
With materials at the core of its operations, Otsuka Chemical aims to create products that bring prosperous living to society through ceaseless technological innovation. Its main business segments are the hydrazine business, inorganic & composite materials business, and pharmaceutical intermediate & active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) business. The company provides products to global markets in the areas of automotive, electrical & electronic equipment, housing, and healthcare.
Creating high value-added products that offer new dietary lifestyles since its founding in 1955
Taking “the company begins with people and food begins with spirit” as its motto, Otsuka Foods conducts businesses in the areas of foods and beverages, with “deliciousness, safety, peace of mind, and better health” as the spirit of foods among all employees. It will continue to develop as a company which delivers products that allow customers to live healthy lives and create new dreams through foods.
Aiming to make Otsuka’s medical devices business unique by introducing new technologies
Otsuka Medical Devices seeks to grow its medical devices business, which operates mainly in Japan, China, and other Asian countries, into one of the group’s core businesses in the future. The company is striving to spur further growth by bringing together the group’s medical device experience and know-how, integrating new technology introductions into new devices, and thereby meeting new healthcare needs.
  * The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, solely for the reader’s convenience, at the rate of 111.00=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on December 31, 2018.
• For consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements, refer to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”:
https://www.otsuka.com/en/ir/library/report.html
 88 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 89

Global Network Corporate Information/Shareholder Information
Data Section
 Otsuka operates in
30
Europe
40 companies
(as of April 1, 2019)
Corporate Profile
(as of December 31, 2018)
Company organization
   Shareholders’ Meeting
Internal Control Department
  Board of Directors
Internal Audit Department
Nutraceutical Business Global Strategy and Planning Headquarters
 U.K. Sweden Germany Switzerland Belgium France
Italy
Spain
Czech Republic Portugal Netherlands
Countries and regions
Japan
48 companies
Oceania
3 companies
North America
32 companies
U.S. Canada Brazil
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
July 8, 2008
¥ 81.69 billion
2-9 Kanda-Tsukasamachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-0048, Japan
Shinagawa Grand Central Tower,
2-16-4 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8241, Japan
+81-3-6717-1410
94 (consolidated: 32,935)
Description Control, management and related activities with respect to the Company’s subsidiaries and affili- ates active in the pharmaceutical industry, nutraceutical industry, consumer products, and other areas.
Company Name
Established Capital Head Office
Tokyo Headquarters
Telephone
Number of Employees
Business
Shares
(as of December 31, 2018)
Number of shares authorized Number of shares issued Number of shareholders
                                China South Korea Taiwan Philippines Vietnam Thailand
Indonesia
India
Singapore
Turkey 64 Pakistan
South America
2 companies
Asia, Middle East
    Egypt Myanmar
companies
 * As of December 31, 2018. Otsuka Holdings and subsidiaries and affiliates: 189 companies
Number of operations and employees
1,600,000,000 shares 557,835,617 shares 54,112
Australia New Zealand
    Companies 189
Japan 48
Outside Japan 141
Approx.
Employees 47,000
Factories 171
Research Institutes 47
 Principal shareholders (top 10 shareholders) Name of shareholder
The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Founders Shareholding Fund Trust Account
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account) Otsuka Estate Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Group Employee Shareholding Fund
The Awa Bank, Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 9) STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 5) Otsuka Asset Co., Ltd.
Number Share- of shares holding held ratio
(thousand) (%) 57,798 10.66
42,358 7.81 26,882 4.96 23,296 4.29 13,202 2.43 10,970 2.02
7,799 1.43 7,740 1.42 7,476 1.37 7,380 1.36
 Stock distribution Treasury
shares 2.87%
Other corporations
17.35%
Individuals and others
19.71%
Breakdown of shareholders by type
Securities companies
2.82%
Financial institutions
36.61%
Overseas corporations
20.64%
    18,000
Japan 52
Outside Japan 119
Japan 22 Outside Japan 25
2015
Australia
Japan Approx.
Outside Japan Approx.29,000
      History of global business expansion
• Number of shares held is rounded down to the nearest thousand.
• Although the Company holds 15,987,217 of its own shares, treasury shares are excluded
from the above list.
• Shareholding ratio is calculated after treasury shares are deducted.
  1973 1977
North America Africa (U.S.) (Egypt)
Asia (Thailand)
1979
Western Europe (Spain)
1981
China
2006
India
2007
South America (Brazil)
2008
Eastern Europe (Czech Republic)
2012
Turkey
90 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 91
Website information
Otsuka Holdings Website
Visit our website at: https://www.otsuka.com/en/
Chairman
President
Corporate Planning Department
 Global Business Support Department
Finance and Accounting Department
 Project Office
Tax Department
Corporate Service Department
Business Development Department
Investor Relations Department
Administration Department
President Office
Public Relations Department
CSR Promotion Department
Human Resources Department
Human Resource Planning Department
IT
Planning Department
Legal Affairs Department
 Statutory Auditors/ Board of Statutory Auditors
Statutory Auditor’s Office
 
  