* Revenue from external customers
+¥408.0bn
 Feature
Access toFight against Tuberculosis—
An Old Disease with a New FaceGlobal public health improved thanks to DELTYBA, a tuberculosis drug
The United Nations (UN) Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) were adopted in 2000. Among the MDGs, the goal to combat HIV/ AIDS has made great progress. Then, in 2015, the UN announced its Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which inherit the ideals of the MDGs, and embarked on new initiatives to achieve these goals. Deploying its tuberculosis drug, DELTYBA, the Otsuka group is seek- ing to eliminate tuberculosis, which is listed as target 3.3 in the SDGs, and also contribute to improvement of global public health.
  20
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
What is tuberculosis?
It is an airborne infectious disease where
tuberculosis mycobacteria enter the body and
multiply, mainly in the lungs, resulting in
symptoms such as coughing and production of
sputum. In serious cases, the infection can cause
breathing difficulties and affect other organs,
potentially resulting in death. While highly contagious, the
disease takes hold in 5–10% of cases, and may develop several years after infection due to a weakening immune system.
Feature: Access to Medicine
Medicine
 Number of individuals infected with mycobacterium tuberculosis
Approx1. .7billion
Tuberculosis still spreading
worldwide
Tuberculosis is still spreading worldwide. Tuberculosis is one of the world’s top three infectious diseases, along with malaria and HIV/AIDS. Approximately 10 million people develop tuberculosis each year, of whom around 1.3 million die*, making it the lead- ing cause of death among infectious diseases. Moreover, tuber- culosis is highly contagious. About 1.7 billion people are said to be infected with mycobacterium tuberculosis (M.TB) bacteria out of a global population of 7 billion.
M.TB, which may develop into active tuberculosis disease, is
a very “stubborn bacterium,” and patients who have contracted
the disease must continue taking multiple medications in combi-
nation, sometimes for six months or more due to drug-resistant
strains. TB is prevalent in many low- and middle-income coun-
tries and low-resource settings. Because tuberculosis requires
long-term treatment, it represents a major economic challenge
in high-burden countries.
* WHO Global Tuberculosis Report 2018
 Global Distribution of Tuberculosis Patients
Annual deaths from tuberculosis
Approx1. .3million
Limitations of conventional medici-
nal treatment.
Currently, multiple drugs are used to treat tuberculosis. If only one drug is administered, the bacteria become resistant to it, so treatment usually involves administering three to four drugs. In most cases, drug-sensitive tuberculosis can be successfully treated with first-line drugs and proper case management. In recent years, however, the emergence of resistance to tubercu- losis drugs has become widespread. Discontinuation of medica- tion for some reason, such as irregular doses or side effects, gives rise to bacteria that are resistant to the drugs that have been taken. Among these are multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) bacteria that have become resistant to rifampicin and isoniazid, the two most potent first-line therapeutic agents. Extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) is resistant to an even greater number of drugs, representing a major global challenge in the campaign to control the disease.
SDGs target 3.3
By 2030, end the epidemics of HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria, and neglected tropical diseases and combat
hepatitis, water- borne infections, and other commu- nicable diseases
       0~24
25 – 99 100 – 199 200 – 299
≥300
No data
Not applicable
  Reference: WHO Global Tuberculosis Report 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 21 