Declaration of Customer-centric Commitment
                      The Otsuka group CSR: Environment
Environment (Healthier Planet)
Aiming to be an indispensable company to contribute to the health of global people, the Otsuka group engages in business activities voluntarily, positively and continuously with creativity considering global environment through value chain. We are committed to shaping a sustainable society.
Third-party verification of GHG emissions
In order to improve the transparency and reliability of its environ- mental data, the Otsuka group is subject to the verification of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scopes 1 and 2, and categories 1, 2 and 11 of Scope 3)*1 by third-party organization. We also implement initiatives aimed at understanding and improving the trends in our emissions. We will continue to expand the scope of verification and further enhance the reliability of our data.
*1 Scope 1: Direct emissions
Scope 2: Indirect emissions from energy sources Scope 3: Other indirect emissions
*2 5 companies: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceu- tical, Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods
 GHG emissions throughout the value chain in fiscal 2018*2 Emissions from other Scope 1
categories 7.0% 21.1%
Foundation of Value Creation
    Policy
Category 11
Emissions from use of our sold products
5.6%
Category 1
1,399
thousand tons-CO2
Scope 2
12.8%
Scope 3
80.2%
  Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council
Emissions from purchased goods and services
53.5%
As a group of global companies that contribute to the health of people worldwide, the Otsuka group works sincerely to reduce the impact we have on the global environment through our busi- nesses, and hopes to contribute to the creation of a sustainable society that can protect the nature and the future of the earth.
The Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council—compris- ing a director of Otsuka Holdings, executive officers from each group company, and a secretariat—formulated the Otsuka Group Environmental Policy and Guidelines and advances initiatives on environmental management through collaboration between Otsuka group companies.
The Otsuka group has identified climate change, resource circulation, and water conservation as the CSR Materiality in its environmental initiatives. We have kicked off deliberations on the formulation of a long-term environmental vision that is consis- tent with the principles of the United Nations Global Compact, information disclosure under global standards, and the setting of medium-term environmental targets with specific action plans slated for launch in 2019.
Looking ahead, we will strengthen and practice environmen- tal management that meets our social responsibilities and the
demands of a global society by deepening the understanding and recognition of environmental problems through environmen- tal education for employees and by further enhancing collabora- tion between our group companies. Resource Circulation
FY 2030 Goal: 50% reduction in simple incineration and landfill compared to FY 2019In aiming to achieve a sounded material-cycle society, we are working to improve our resources usage efficiency, reduce the gener- ation of waste, promote 3R (reduce, reuse, and recycle) initiatives, and achieve a final waste disposal volume of close to zero in an effort to realize zero emissions (our in-house definition of a recycling rate of at least 99%).
 Council Organization
アバニア
大塚製薬
ビステラ
  大鵬薬品
Initiatives aimed at zero emissions
The Otsuka group companies carry out material recycling*1 and
アステックス
emissions with a recycling rate of 99.5%. They have also reduced their total waste volume by around 7,400 tons, a year-on-year reduction of 16%. The group will continue to work on bringing waste down to minimize disposal volume through activities that enhance the efficient use of resources across all our businesses.
 Resource recycling rate and final disposal amount*3
 大塚製薬 工場
Otsuka Foods
thermal recycling*2 of generated waste as required.
In fiscal 2018 our 14 group companies in Japan achieved zero
(tons)
1,000
800
600
400
99.5
(%)
100.0 99.0 98.0 97.0
  Otsuka tical Factory
Council members
Otsuka Chemical
200 *1 The processing and reuse of waste as raw materials or ingredients. 0
166 96.0 95.0
2018
Otsuka
Pharmaceu- Pharmaceu- Pharmaceu-
 Initiatives for energy use optimization and CO2 reduction
6,452
13,010
1.51
2018
1.58
1.56
1.54
1.52
1.50 In Japan
In Tokushima Prefecture where the production sites of the group are concentrated, Otsuka Chemical and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory supply electricity and steam to neighboring group com- panies with the use of cogeneration systems they installed. Initia- tives overseas to promote efficient energy use and reduce CO2
emissions across the group include the use of the Joint Crediting Mechanism (JCM)* and the installation of highly efficient equip- ment at P.T. Otsuka Indonesia.
*A system to work with developing countries for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, in which the result of reduction is assessed as contribution by both partner countries and Japan
*Calculated for Otsuka group consolidated subsidiaries and companies included in the top 5,000
70 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 71