The Otsuka group CSR: Governance
 Governance
In addition to improving management soundness, we work to improve our corporate ethics and work on appropriate risk management.
 Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
and levels of director remuneration, and other corporate gover- nance issues, and then reports to the Board of Directors. The Committee consists of the CEO, the director in charge of admin- istration, and all outside directors (currently three). The CEO serves as chair of the Committee.
e) Audit & Supervisory Board member and Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend and express opinions at meetings of the Board of Directors and monitor the legality and soundness of management as shown in the performance of duties by directors. Audits performed by Audit & Supervisory Board are at the core of this process. In striving to improve the effectiveness of audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members also share information and exchange opinions as appropriate with relevant departments, such as Internal Audit Department, Internal Control Department, Administration Department, and Finance and Accounting Department, as well as accounting auditor.
f) Evaluation of effectiveness of Board of Directors
From January through February every year, the Company con- ducts a questionnaire survey of all the directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Based on the outcomes of the survey, the Company performs an examination and evaluation at the Board of Directors meeting in March following a review by a company attorney.
[ Summary of evaluation in fiscal 2018 ]
The results of the analysis and evaluation of the overall effective- ness of the Board of Directors in fiscal 2018 are summarized below. 1. While some Board members expressed the opinion that collab-
oration with outside directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board needs to be enhanced, it was confirmed that meetings between the Audit & Supervisory Board and outside directors, as well as opportunities for exchanging opinions with man- agement and outside directors are held regularly through which will serve to further improve communication up ahead.
2. As a result of revising how information is provided to board members, improvements regarding how meetings of the Board of Directors are managed were assessed favorably. It was confirmed that deliberations at meetings will be further enhanced up ahead by taking into account the opinions of Board members.
3. It was confirmed that the system for monitoring the execution of corporate strategies in each business needs to be further enhanced, even though some improvements have been made. While we believe these assessments indicate that the Board of Directors is functioning properly in terms of effectiveness, we will strive to make improvements regarding the issues high- lighted in the evaluation and examination, increase the Board’s effectiveness, and make every effort to further deepen corpo- rate governance at the Company.
Foundation of Value Creation
2008
2010
2011
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 Policy
• • • • •
• • •
• •
• • •
• •
• • •
• • •
•
• •
•
Establishment of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Term of directors set at one year
Decision not to adopt a directors’ retirement benefits system Corporate officer system adopted
Two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Stock options as performance-linked remuneration introduced Stock publicly listed in December
First Medium-Term Management Plan announced
Two outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Second Medium-Term Management Plan announced
Three outside directors; two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics established
Corporate Governance Guidelines established
Internal Whistleblowing System established externally (Otsuka Holdings and major group companies)
Three outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members Effectiveness of Board of Directors evaluated
Stock options conditional on progress with the medium-term management plan introduced
Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
Corporate Governance Committee established
Effectiveness of Board of Directors evaluated based on questionnaire completed by all directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
Reporting meetings held for outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members to improve their understanding of the group’s management and business
Two female directors
Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
Restricted stock compensation plan introduced
  Corporate Governance
Basic Position on Corporate Governance
Otsuka Holdings is committed to promoting sustainable increase of its corporate value over the medium- to long-term by realizing its corporate philosophy: “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide”. To meet this commitment, it adopts a basic policy of making transparent, fair and timely decisions, and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility by living up to the expectations of all stakeholders, including customers,
Overview of Corporate Governance Structure business partners, employees, local communities, and sharehold- ers, through ongoing dialogue. The Company articulates its basic approach to corporate governance in its Corporate Governance Guidelines.
Corporate Governance Guidelines アバニア https://www.ビotsスuテkaラ.com/en/company/governance/pdf/guideline.pdf
a) Corporate organization
As a company that adopts the statutory auditor system, the Company has the Board of Directors, the Audit & Supervisory Board, and also engages an accounting auditor. The Articles of Incorporation stipulate that the number of directors shall not exceed 18, and that the number of Audit & Supervisory Board members shall not exceed five.
b) The Board of Directors
The Board of Directors convenes once a month regularly and holds extraordinary meetings as necessary to make important business decisions and supervise the execution of operations.
c) Director selection criteria
The Company aims to become “an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide” by targeting sustained growth and enhanced corporate value over the medium to long term. To help achieve this goal and also ensure diversity among directors over- all, the Company appoints adequate people as directors—people with insight, advanced expertise, and extensive experience con- ducive to realizing and maintaining appropriate and effective corporate governance. Particularly for internal directors, we comprehensively evaluate the experience, expertise, insights, and other attributes of candidates to ensure that they have the quali- ties required for implementing the group’s corporate philosophy, Code of Business Ethics, and corporate strategies.
d) Corporate Governance Committee
In seeking to increase management’s transparency and objectiv- ity, the Company established Corporate Governance Committee in February 2017. As an advisory body to the Board of Directors, the Committee discusses and deliberates the nomination of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, the structure
 大塚製薬 工場
アステックス
 The Board of Directors, which also includes Outside Directors,
advances the execution of management plans, supervises the Company’s management, and also assumes roles and responsibili- 大塚製薬 ties to enhance the profitability and capital investment efficiency
in order to promote the sustainable growth of the Company and
the increase of corporate value over the medium- to long-term.
The Company secures its soundness and establishes the solid
corporate governance structure living up to social expectations by ensuring that the Audit & Supervisory Board and its members,
which are independent from the Board of Directors, can audit the Directors’ performance of their duties in collaboration with the Accounting Auditor, as well as the Internal Audit Department.
Supervisory Board
12
3 (independent directors) One year
4
3 (independent directors) Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
Elects/Dismisses
(Cooperates with)
 Governance System – Quick Reference (as of March 28, 2019) Company with an Audit &Form of organization
大鵬薬品Board of Directorsof which outside directorsTerm of directorsAudit & Supervisory Board membersof which outside Audit & Supervi- sory Board membersAccounting auditor Shareholders’ Meeting
  Consults Recommends
Approval of material matters Management guidance
Operational audits Accounting audits
(Cooperates with)
Accounting audits
(Cooperates with)
Accounting Auditor
Elects/Dismisses
Elects/Dismisses
   Corporate Governance Committee
Board of Directors
(12 directors including 3 outside directors)
Appoints/Dismisses
Instructs Reports
Audit and Supervisory Board (4 auditors including 3 outside members)
  President and Representative Director, CEO
       Internal Audit Department
     Meetings of the Group’s boards of corporate auditors
Prior consultation Ex post facto reports
  Subsidiaries (Shareholders’ Meeting, Board of Directors, Audit and Supervisory Board members, etc.)
72 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 73
The Otsuka group CSR: Governance
g) Independent directors / auditors
When selecting outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, the Company looks for individuals with a great deal of knowledge and extensive experience in various fields. The Company requires that candidates have the ability to adequately exercise management oversight functions through fair and objec- tive monitoring, supervision, and auditing of management from a neutral and objective viewpoint. In addition to requiring that outside directors have not been involved in business execution at
 Rationale for selection of outside directors and auditors
Mr. Matsutani has been giving effective advice to the Company’s managers from a neutral and expert perspective as an outside director, with his abundant experience and extensive knowledge in the medical welfare field, as well as his expertise in the healthcare industry. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company believes Mr. Mat- sutani to be suitable as an independent director.
The Company anticipates that, given his abundant experience and extensive knowledge as a corpo- rate manager, as well as his expertise in the pharmaceutical industry, Mr. Sekiguchi will be able to give effective advice as appropriate to the Company’s managers from a neutral and expert perspec- tive as an outside director. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company believes Mr. Sekiguchi to be suitable as an independent director.
The Company anticipates that, given his abundant experience, track record, and insight as a corpo- rate manager, as well as his ample experience, expertise, and network in the food industry, Mr. Aoki will be able to provide beneficial and shrewd advice to the Company’s management from an objec- tive and expert perspective as an outside director. As there is no risk of conflicts of interest with general shareholders, the Company believes Mr. Aoki to be suitable as an independent director.
Mr. Sugawara has specialized knowledge as a certified public accountant, as well as abundant business experience, and the Company has determined that he will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company has designated Mr. Sugawara as an independent audit & supervisory board member.
As an attorney, Ms. Wachi is well-versed in corporate legal affairs, and the Company has deter- mined that she will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company has designated Ms. Wachi as an independent audit & supervisory board member.
Mr. Takahashi has held major positions in the IT and internal control departments for many years and has abundant experience in corporate management, and the Company has determined that he will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company. Since there is no risk of conflict of interest vis-à-vis general shareholders, moreover, the Company has designated Mr. Takahashi as an independent audit & supervisory board member.
h) Internal Audit Department
The Company’s Internal Audit Department reports directly to the president. The department regularly conducts audits based on the Internal Audit Rules to verify that operations are being exe- cuted appropriately and efficiently with regard to the assets and business in general of the Company and its affiliated companies. The department submits audit reports to the president, directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board members. When a need for improvement is indicated, the department recommends actions to be taken and afterward confirms the status of their implemen- tation in order to optimize business execution. The department also shares information and cooperates with Audit & Supervisory Board members and accounting auditor.
i) Internal Control Department
The Company’s Internal Control Department handles internal controls regarding financial reporting by the Company and its affiliated companies. The department formulates rules and man- uals pertaining to internal controls, provides training, and ensures that employees thoroughly understand operational rules. The department works in cooperation with the Internal Audit Department to continuously monitor the status of operations, thus establishing a system under which executives can reliably
assess internal controls. Our basic approach to our internal con- trol system and its establishment is described in the corporate governance report submitted to the TSE.
j) Accounting audit
Otsuka Holdings has signed an auditing agreement with the auditing firm Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC as accounting auditor to audit the Company’s accounts from a fair and impartial stance. The certified public accountants who audited the Company’s accounts were Tsutomu Hirose, Koichi Niki, and Ichiro Matsunaga. They were assisted by 10 other certified public accountants and three other people. All of the certified public accountants who audited the Company’s accounts have done so continuously for less than seven years, therefore omitted that description.
k) Succession plan
In order to identify talented personnel early and systematically develop next-generation executives equipped with qualities and skills required under our corporate philosophy, Otsuka Holdings continuously builds and implements a next-generation executives development program and regularly reports on its progress to the Board of Directors.
Human Resource Development p.63
*The number of Board of Directors meetings and Audit & Supervisory Board meetings attended by outside director Yoshihisa Aoki is not listed because he was newly appointed at the 11th General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 28, 2019.
the Otsuka group of companies in the past, we have established independence standards for outside directors in order to ensure their independence. These standards are set out in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. They also apply to outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. Furthermore, given that all outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members satisfy requirements of independent directors/auditors prescribed by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE), the Company has registered them as such with the TSE.
13/13
—
10/10 —
— —
13/13
13/13
10/10
16/16
16/16
13/13
Remuneration system for directors and auditors is designed so that the Company attracts and retains talented personnel and strongly motivates them to perform their duties, thereby contrib- uting to sustained improvement in the group’s earnings and corporate value.
a) Director remuneration at the company as a hold- ing company
Remuneration for directors of Otsuka Holdings, a holding com- pany, consists of fixed remuneration according to title or posi- tion, bonuses linked to performance that provide short-term incentives, and stock-based compensation that provides medium- to long-term incentives. Beginning in fiscal 2019, we will be replacing stock options with a restricted stock-based compensation system as an incentive plan to achieve sustained growth in medium- to long-term earnings and corporate value. The restricted stocks issued under this system are part of a com- pensation system that reflects the attainment of Medium-Term
Management Plan, combining multiple conditions of earnings achievement based on the earnings indicators in our 3rd Medi- um-Term Management Plan.
b) Remuneration for directors of subsidiaries as oper- ating companies
Remuneration for directors of subsidiaries as operating compa- nies is determined based on their duties and responsibilities (execution of business based on group strategies formulated by Otsuka Holdings, as well as duties and responsibilities involving the formulation of strategies for the operating company, and strengthening corporate governance) and is not to exceed the cap on director remuneration resolved at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Note that the restricted stock-based compensation system newly implemented in fiscal 2019 will also apply to roughly 40 directors (excluding outside directors) at some of the group’s major subsidiaries.
Remuneration for Directors / Auditors
Foundation of Value Creation
 Outside directors
Outside
Audit & Supervisory Board members
Name
Yukio Matsutani
Ko Sekiguchi
Yoshihisa Aoki*
Hiroshi Sugawara
Yoko Wachi
Kazuo Takahashi
Rationale for selection
No. of times attended in FY2018
Board of Directors meeting
Audit & Super- visory Board meeting
   Independence Standards for Outside Directors (Corporate Governance Guidelines 8. (3))
The Company determines that an outside director is independent if none of the following applies:
1. A person who is a relative within the second degree of kinship of an outside director is currently or has been in the past three fiscal years a man- aging director, executive officer, executive operating officer, or important employee (each an “Executive”) of the Company or one or more of the Company’s subsidiaries.
2. A company to which an outside director belongs as an Executive has had one or more transactions with the Otsuka group, in which the amount of such transaction(s) in any fiscal year within the past three fiscal years exceeds 2% of consolidated net sales of either company.
3. The outside director, as a legal, accounting, or tax expert or as a consultant, has received remuneration exceeding ¥5 million per fiscal year directly from the Otsuka group (excluding remuneration as the Company’s outside director) in any fiscal year within the past three years.
4. The amount of donation to a non-profit organization to which an outside director belongs as an Executive from the Otsuka group has exceeded ¥10 million in total for the past three fiscal years and such amount exceeds 2% of the income of such non-profit organization.
74 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 75

The Otsuka group CSR: Governance
c) Remuneration for auditors of the Company
Audit & Supervisory Board members are essentially paid only basic remuneration; there are no variable components based on earnings.
 Total Remuneration by Officer Category, Total Remuneration by Type, and Number of Applicable Officers
to evade the payment of taxes. The group also endeavors to appropriately disclose information and ensure a degree of trans-
Risk Management
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group carries out risk management under the supervi- sion of top management based on the recognition that pursuing
Risk Management System
In establishing a risk management system for the Otsuka group, we have put in place Risk Management Policy and set up Risk Management Committee comprising director in charge of administration, President and Representative Director (as chair),
Approach
We individually assess risks in each of our businesses. The risk management officer performs analyses and evaluation, formu- lates and executes action plans with the aim of meeting objec- tives and targets for the organization, and periodically implements employee training with reference to events that
Business Continuity Planning and Management
The Otsuka group has business continuity plans (BCP) in place to ensure that the group continues to operate as effectively as possible and can maintain a stable supply of products, even when large-scale earthquakes and disasters strike. From the perspective of business continuity management (BCM), Otsuka Holdings and the group companies have jointly constructed a group-wide business continuity framework. We have gradually expanded the scope of this framework since acquiring ISO22301 certification in August 2012 for the production and stable supply of medicinal products, beverages, and foods. We then acquired certification for the stable supply of infusion solutions in April 2015, followed by the stable supply of anticancer drugs in May 2016. The acquisition of ISO22301 certification demonstrates
Information Security
In striving to raise the level of, and constantly improve, compre- hensive security across the group, we set up Otsuka Group Infor- mation Security Committee to facilitate the sharing of up-to-date security information and the examination of specific security measures. In order to counter the risk of cyber-attacks, the Otsuka group employs a number of measures, such as arranging system security audits by external specialists, diagnosing website vulnerabilities, conducting drills related to targeted email attacks, and monitoring posts on social media. In addition, the group conducts regular emergency drills with a focus on core systems
parency and trust when dealing with tax authorities worldwide.
management efficiency and controlling the risks inherent in its business activities is key if it is to enhance corporate value.
and others. Leveraging the controls put in place by each risk management department, Risk Management Committee assesses and comprehensively manages the risks that jeopardize the enhancement of the group’s sustained corporate value.
could pose a risk within the organization. Training related to topics such as corruption prevention and the protection of human rights based on the Otsuka Group Global Code of Busi- ness Ethics is also part of this approach. We also regularly hold drills to prepare for unexpected contingencies like disasters.
that from a BCM standpoint, our organization is equipped with infallible business continuity capabilities. Through collaboration mainly between Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, and Otsuka Warehouse, we are making every effort to strengthen our countermeasures and systems so that the Otsuka group as a whole can continue its business activities as best as possible and guarantee stable prod- uct supply even during times of disaster. In 2018, our major group companies jointly conducted a desktop simulation drill on the assumption of an earthquake with an epicenter directly below Tokyo. The drill provided an opportunity to test out our collaborative framework based on the topic of ensuring stable product supply.
which construct data. The Otsuka group has established a man- agement system to protect sensitive personal information of its customers and has acquired personal information protection management system (PrivacyMark) certification and information security management system (ISMS) certification for its busi- nesses where appropriate. Otsuka also established its EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy in 2017 concern- ing General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as part of group- wide initiatives on information security.
Officer category
Directors (excluding outside directors)
Audit & Super- visory Board members (excluding outside Audit &
Supervisory Board members)
Outside directors
Total remu- neration
etc.
(¥ million)
Total remuneration, by type
(¥ million)
Basic remunera- tion
Amount charged as cost of stock options
Bonus
Number of officers who receive basic remunera- tion
Foundation of Value Creation
   Compliance
Basic Policy
Legal compliance forms the cornerstone of all our business activi- ties. The Otsuka group possesses high ethical standards and we
Approach
The Otsuka group has established Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics and we openly publish information about our stance on initiatives in line with this code on our website in the form of a message from the President of Otsuka Holdings. We have also drawn up the Otsuka Group Global Anti-Corruption Policy, which represents our stance on preventing corruption at all of our sites worldwide. Accordingly, we continue to conduct our business activities based on a strong sense of ethics. We hold universal training sessions once or more every year based on the content of the aforementioned code and policy—they are attended by all employees of subsidiaries and we prepare materi- als in English, Chinese, and Indonesian, in addition to Japanese. Furthermore, details about our training sessions are reported regularly to the Board of Directors of Otsuka Holdings. Internal compliance-related audits are implemented periodically at each group company, the results of which are reported to the Board of Directors. As for initiatives overseas, compliance officers have been appointed at each of our group companies in Asia and
Tax Compliance
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group operates in countries around the world and recognizes that the appropriate payment of taxes in accordance with relevant laws and regulations in each country and region
Approach
The Otsuka group complies with the aforementioned code of ethics, tax policies, country-specific laws, tax conventions, and
76 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
25 25 — — 2
54 54 — — 8
aim to achieve sustained growth along with earning the trust of our customers by conducting our business activities honestly.
regular meetings are held so the progress of initiatives in each country can be shared. A compliance officer from Otsuka Hold- ings also visits our overseas group companies to gather informa- tion and offer suggestions on how improvements may be made. A due diligence policy is also in force at each of our group com- panies. We conduct due diligence on new business partners for the purpose of assessing risk related to corruption. And at Otsuka Holdings and our leading group companies, we have taken steps to establish internal whistleblowing systems that can be accessed from within the company or from an external loca- tion, such as the offices of our attorneys. Our rules allow for whistleblowing not only by full-time employees but also by con- tract, dispatched, and part-time employees, all of whom can rest assured knowing that information about themselves and their reports are strictly managed to prevent any negative repercus- sions. Information related to the internal whistleblowing systems at the major group companies is reported regularly at the Board of Directors meetings of Otsuka Holdings.
contributes to the local economy in those countries and regions. The Otsuka group fulfills its tax obligations in accordance with the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics.
international taxation rules, submitting tax declarations correctly, paying corporate tax, and not engaging in transactions designed