Creating a healthy and comfortable work environment for employees 
1 Enhancing communication through online training 
          
2 
3 4 
With the goal of enhancing communication among employees who connect with each other remotely, the Group is using Microsoft TeamsTM and providing online training called Teams College. A variety of training programs are available in 25 subjects for all in-house employees, many of whom perform sales management and labor management duties. The training is conducted in one-hour sessions, or is broken down into multiple sessions that employees continuously attend, and includes preparation for various exams. We have also introduced an educational cloud service of Cornerstone Learning for in-house training as an environment for online training sessions. 
Promoting mental health training for in-house employees 
The Group provides training on mental health self-care and line care for all in-house employees, including new graduates and mid-career managers, and as a company we provide the necessary support to ensure employees can continue working in good health both mentally and physically. In addition, starting in September 2020, we introduced work-engagement training for managers and above in the Business Management Division to maintain positive mental health. Aside from that, we have established an in-house certification program called “In-House Mental Health Certification” and hold regular courses to encourage managers and above to gain better knowledge on how to care for and respond to one’s own stress and one’s subordinates’ mental health problems. 
Supporting the acquisition of Mental Health Management Certification Class II and Class III 
The Group is promoting the acquisition of Mental Health Management Certification Class II and Class III. The Mental Health Management Certification Class II (Line Care) is recognized as a company-encouraged qualification, and the Group provides support including covering costs, such as the cost of the examination and training fees for certification, and holding organization-based special exams, while promoting acquisition of the certification by providing a bonus for passing the examination. From 2013 to 2020, a total of 192 employees have acquired Mental Health Management Certification Class II (Line Care). 
Eliminating anxieties through Japanese language education 
The Group offers Japanese language training, and preparation for the Japanese-Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) to foreign in-house employees. From April 2020, we have introduced training sessions to train foreign in-house employees in beginner to intermediate Japanese levels (JLPT N5 to N2), while also providing individual training to teach them business expressions necessary for their work. Moreover, with the aim of facilitating communication with foreign employees, who are expected to increase in number in the future, we have been conducting online training on how to speak “simple Japanese” for in-house Japanese employees on a monthly basis since August 2020. The Group is working to promote diversity by deepening language understanding and reducing communication friction. 
