 Governance
Risk Management and Compliance
Closely Related SDGs
Basic Risk Management and Compliance Policies
GRI102-16
鼓Basic Risk Management Policy and Regulations In our Business Principles we declare “we will strive
to anticipate the changing business environment to assess new opportunities for growth.” We consider risk management as a foundation for reducing management uncertainties and achieving management objectives. We manage risks that make the achievement of management goals uncertain, such as social change, changes in the global environment, natural disasters, accidents and scandals, based on our basic risk management policy. In addition, we have established risk management regulations to incorporate the risk management policy into specific risk management activities. Risk management regulations include emergency responses.
Basic Risk Management Policy
Basic Compliance Policy (Summary)
     ● Compliance with the Mission, Business Principles and social norms
● Maintaining internal systems and rules and ensuring broad-based awareness of them
● Cooperation with all group companies and promotion of educational and enlightenment activities
● Establishing appropriate responses and policies for when problems occur
● Timely and appropriate disclosure and communication of necessary information
● Compliance with international standards and rules, and respect for local cultures and customs
● Rejection of illegal and unwarranted demands from antisocial forces or organizations
 Standard of Conduct (Casebook)Our website http://www.taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english CSR → Corporate Social Responsibility at Taiheiyo Cement
  ❶ We prevent and reduce risks in order to ensure the quality and safety of our products and services, protect the lives and safety of our employees
and their families, and earn greater trust from our stakeholders.
→ Corporate Framework for CSR
Taiheiyo Cement Group Tax Policy
 ❷ We create a system to appropriately manage a wide range of risks associated with our business activities.
Our website https://www.taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english CSR → Risk Management and Compliance →
Please see below for more information.
Our president has ultimate responsibility for risk management and compliance promotion. The officer in charge of both areas (officer in charge of the General Affairs Department) is appointed by the president to preside over and run the Risk Management & Compliance Committee and systematically promote organized activities.
The committee plays a core role in our risk management and compliance promotion for
the entire group. It deploys the policy, identifies, evaluates and specifies company-wide risks, implements risk management activities based on PDCA cycles and promotes compliance. Moreover, it studies and proposes the creation and revision
❸ We promote risk management through a plan-do- check-act cycle.
Compliance Guidelines
 ❹ We quickly and appropriately deal with risks as they are identified.
Antimonopoly Law Compliance Manual Anti-Bribery Basic Principle (Policy)
 ❺ In collaboration with group companies we build a system for immediately detecting new risks arising from changes in our business environment and for quickly and appropriately dealing with risks at the group level.
▶︎P. 84-85 Risk Management and Compliance Promotion System
 鼓Basic Compliance Policy
Under our Business Principles we pledge that we will act in strict compliance with the law and in accordance with social mores. Fully aware that compliance is the foundation of CSR management, we published the Basic Compliance Policy and simultaneously created compliance rules in March 2005. We do not limit our definition of compliance to legal compliance; our definition includes compliance with the social mores from which our laws originate, the mission and business principles of our group, and internal regulations.
50 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020
GRI102-17, 30, 31
     Special Feature Business Activities
The Environment Collaborating with Society
of rules for risk management and compliance, and provides instructions for advancing the awareness and education of employees. Under the guidance of this committee, each business site and group company has an officer responsible
for risk management and compliance, and a risk management and compliance promoter, who carry out specific duties. We held four Risk Management & Compliance Committee meetings in FY2020.
Risk Management and Compliance Promotion System
equipped with dedicated phone and fax lines as well as a computer with a dedicated address in order to safeguard the privacy of those submitting reports. Our external hotline is also available to
all employees of group companies in an effort to strengthen group governance, improve program effectiveness and reduce the burden on individual companies. Moreover, we created the Whistleblower Program Regulations so whistleblowers using the program are not subject to unfavorable treatment.
 Whistleblower Program
   Ultimate responsibility: President
  Officer in charge: Officer in charge of General Affairs Department
 Evaluation system
 Risk Management & Compliance Committee
(Correction system)
   Chair: Officer in charge (of General Affairs Department) Members: Managers of business sites of headquarters
  Annual action plans for risk management
   Business sites of headquarters (including the Central Research Laboratory), plants, branches
  Officers responsible for risk management and compliance
Risk management
and compliance promoters
Employees
   Identify and evaluate risks
Risk management practices and education
Group companies
Secretariat: General Affairs Department
 Officers responsible for risk management and compliance
Risk management and compliance promoters
Employees
                  Survey follow-up
Protection
  Results* of the Whistleblower Program (FY2020)
   Hotline
Reports
   Internal (CSR Group of General Affairs Department)
2
  External (Kajitani Law Offices)
    Note: Subject to risk management: 103 group companies (as of April 2020)
鼓Whistleblower Program
We properly handle reports and proposals in
accordance with normal company procedures
while directly receiving reports without the need
for usual company procedures. Whistleblowers
have the option of either disclosing their identity, including their name and department, or reporting anonymously to mitigate any potential psychological constraint. We have whistleblower hotlines both internally (at the CSR Group of our General Affairs Department) and externally (at a law firm). Our internal hotline is in a dedicated, locked room
1 *These should be regarded as reports according to the Whistleblower Program Regulations.
Risk Management and Compliance Promotion Activities
GRI102-11, 17, 201-2, 205-2
▪Identifying, Evaluating and Specifying Company-wide Risks We identify, evaluate and specify group-wide risks
every three years and conduct annual reviews of those risks.
FY2020 was the third year of the company-wide risk review since the first was conducted in FY2017. The purpose of identifying risks is to identify
the impact of anticipated changes in social and environmental conditions over the next ten years in relation to uncertainty of group management and then formulate measures to avoid and reduce that uncertainty. We reviewed risks.
Please see below for more information.
Awareness of Business Environment (Risks and Opportunities)
▶︎P.16
  TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 51
  Governance
Messages from Outside Directors and Outside Corporate Auditors
Corporate Governance
Board of
Directors and Auditors
Risk Management and Compliance
CSR Management
Main Results of FY2020 CSR Efforts
President
Corporate Auditor
Report Instruction
Report
Officer in charge of General Affairs Department
Internal hotline
External hotline
Report
Whistleblower
Discovered
Illegal action
Report Instruction
General Affairs Department
Report
Report on status of risk countermeasures
Whistleblower Program Whistleblower Program

  Governance
Risk Management and Compliance
鼓Risk Reduction Countermeasures
With the evaluation results of identified company-
wide risks, our Risk Management & Compliance Committee takes the lead in specifying those to be addressed every year and implementing activities to reduce risk impact through PDCA cycles.
Issues addressed in FY2020 were: (1) Leakage of pollutants and hazardous substances, (2) Enhancement of information security, (3) Product/ service accidents, (4) Aging of facilities and equipment, (5) Prevention of traffic accidents, (6) Strengthening of overseas crisis management measures, (7) Enhancement of group corporate governance including risk management and the compliance system, (8) Work-related accidents, (9) Response to shortage of human resources, and (10) Respect for intellectual property rights and strengthening risk prevention.
▪Examples of Overseas Risk Countermeasure Activities We created and regularly revise the Riot/Terrorism Response Manual. In addition, regarding high-risk countries to which our employees are dispatched, we stipulate an outline for deciding on local evacuation as necessary, create a tool for evaluating the emergency evacuation level according to changes in local situations, and provide training using the tool. We also list and secure supplies (food, clothes, hygiene supplies, and medicines),
as well as cash and other resources needed, in the event of evacuation or an emergency at each overseas business site.
鼓Emergency Task Force
When any event such as a disaster, accident or misconduct has occurred, the affected business site informs the general manager of the General Affairs Department. The general manager determines the appropriate countermeasure from the following options while considering the severity of the event: establish the Emergency Task Force or delegate site leadership to respond to the event. Action is then taken through the chosen countermeasure.
Although we received 25 reports in FY2020, none required action by the Emergency Task
Force. Major information, including its handling, is deliberated by the CSR Management Committee. In addition, as preparation for responding to disasters
and accidents, we conducted Shake Out drills for earthquakes at each business site, and workshops on a business continuity plan for the headquarters and branches in case of an earthquake. Moreover, we provided training for plant staff so they would understand how to appropriately handle complaints if an accident occurs.
▪Response to the Spread of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) In response to the government’s declared state
of emergency on April 7, 2020 due to the spread of the novel coronavirus COVID-19, we set up the Emergency Task Force as of the same date and announced the company’s “Our emergency measures.“
Specific measures introduced by the emergency task force included our strong promotion of working from home, staggered work hours and the use of video conferencing systems depending on the COVID-19 infection situation. We also prohibited domestic and overseas business trips, and implemented other measures to prevent the spread of the virus and ensure business continuity.
In addition, each overseas office has
taken measures against COVID-19 in line with
local circumstances as soon as receiving an announcement from the Emergency Task Force. The head office has supported delivering masks and medical supplies to all overseas offices.
▪Risk Management and Compliance Promotion Training We provide training for managers and promoters for risk management and compliance of the company’s business sites and group companies to ensure effective risk management and compliance.
In November 2019, we presented a lecture by
a risk management consultant for group company managers based on two themes: “Unconscious
bias management required for leaders” and “Creating an organizational climate that does not cause compliance problems,” with 100 companies participating, and including a lecture titled “How to conduct PDCA for risk management and compliance promotion” followed by case study discussions for promoters, with 80 companies participating.
52 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020

     Special Feature Business Activities
The Environment Collaborating with Society
鼓Compliance Training
To fulfill our mission and uphold our business
principles we formulated the Standards of Conduct to guide all officers and employees of Taiheiyo Cement in the performance of their daily duties. The standards consists of 35 items in 6 categories and gathers together Taiheiyo Cement’s policies, regulations and president’s messages delivered within and outside the company.
We created and distributed to all our employees, as well as all those of our main group companies, the Standards of Conduct (Casebook), which describes specific examples on how to act in line with the Standards of Conduct.
We regularly revised The Standards of Conduct (Casebook) to reflect the latest information.
In addition, for all company employees
including those on loan to group companies, we conduct monthly quiz tests as part of e-learning programs to provide education on the Standards of Conduct (Casebook) and other materials so they learn how to act in individual situations.
In FY2020, 73.3% of employees participated in the program.
Standards of Conduct (Casebook)
Standards of Conduct (Casebook)
Group Legal Round Tables (FY2020)
    No.
Date
Attendees
Topics
    29th
July 2019
19
(11 companies)
·Legal issues concerning labor
      30th
November 2019
86
(84 companies)
·Communication with authorities in response to corporate scandals (criminal plea bargains, antimonopoly leniency and commitment procedures)
 ·Practical responses to civil law revisions (contract clause examples)
          CSR Management Committee
(ultimate responsibility for information security: president)
   Information Security Committee
 Our website https://www.taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english/ CSR → Corporate Social Responsibility at Taiheiyo Cement
Information Security
鼓Information Security Promotion System
To ensure and maintain the security of information
assets, we have established the Basic Information Security Policy and the Information Security Management Regulations. Under the management system in accordance with these regulations, we are actively working to maintain information security.
Our president has ultimate responsibility for information security. Appointed by the president is the officer in charge of information security (officer in charge of the Corporate Planning Department), who presides over and runs the Information Security Committee in order to advance organized and planned activities to promote information security.
Information Security Structure
Evaluation and Guidance
Basic Information Security Policy Privacy Policy
Our website https://www.taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english/ CSR → Risk Management and Compliance
鼓Information Security Promotion Activities
In FY2020 we alerted and enlightened all employees
 → Corporate Framework for CSR
Officer in charge of information security Director of information security
  Business sites
 Risk management officer
(business site manager)
Information handling officer
(operations department managers /selected individuals)
 鼓Legal Roundtables for Group Companies
Since FY2006 we have been holding roundtable discussions attended by management and legal affairs representatives from our group companies. These provide opportunities to share legal information (mainly responses to revisions of laws) in order to further our understanding of major laws relating to corporate management and to assist in the creation of our group’s compliance regime. In FY2020 we discussed the following topics.
Group companies
  TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 53
  Governance
Messages from Outside Directors Corporate Board of Risk Management and CSR Management Main Results of
and Outside Corporate Auditors Governance Directors and Auditors Compliance FY2020 CSR Efforts

  Governance
Risk Management and Compliance
through a portal site on our intranet and also conducted an email drill to respond to targeted attacks. In addition, we held a gathering for the information departments of group companies
in which we distributed the Information Security Measures Guide and explained measures to promote it. In addition, we conducted disaster recovery drills, a security level survey of group companies and information security training. No serious incidents related to information security have occurred.
We will continue our efforts to improve the security levels of our domestic and overseas group companies.
Protection and Use of Intellectual Property
鼓Intellectual Property Policy
Our fundamental intellectual property policy is to
contribute to management through intellectual property activities that support our business, ensuring our competitive advantages by strategically conducting intellectual property activities. Under this policy we are developing our intellectual property activities in collaboration with business and R&D divisions to contribute to increasing the corporate value of the Taiheiyo Cement Group.
▪In-house Intellectual Property Management System The company has established the Rules for Handling Intellectual Property Rights. Under the management system based on these rules, we are working on intellectual property activities. The Intellectual Property Department assigns staff members to
the headquarters mainly to perform planning and administrative tasks, and to the Central Research Laboratory to handle applications for and protect rights and research efforts. In addition, intellectual property promoters are assigned as contact points to the major business divisions and the Central Research Laboratory to actively promote the effective and efficient creation, protection and use of our intellectual property in collaboration with the Intellectual Property Department.
▪Intellectual Property Management System for the Group In March 2018 we formulated and began applying
the Taiheiyo Cement Group Intellectual Property Management Guidelines, which apply to the entire group, to promote the use of our intellectual property
and reduce associated risks. We have also established
a committee consisting of those related to intellectual property at the main group companies in order
to promote and vitalize our intellectual property activities corresponding to the scale and industry of each group company, by sharing issues, exchanging information and holding workshops. Our company headquarters was previously used as the venue, but since FY2019 we have created new opportunities to use group companies for that purpose. As a result, the management of each company has begun to attend the venues and further enhancements have been made.
鼓Outline of Our Intellectual Property
As of the end of March 2020 the company owned 1,235
domestic patents and 216 overseas, 273 domestic trademarks and 132 overseas, and 11 domestic design rights. (See the “Research and Development” section for graphs by segment.)
The cement segment accounts for the largest share
of patents owned by the company. However, over the
past several years the share of patent applications in
the environmental and mineral resources segments
has been growing in line with our business and R&D strategies. In order to increase business revenue from patents, we must obtain patents for technologies including peripheral technologies, considering the company’s business conditions. With this understanding we are firmly establishing a wide collection of strong, advanced patents from the perspective of retaining a competitive advantage in terms of intellectual property.
As a technology-oriented manufacturer we have recently focused on raising the percentage of inventors among all employees. We believe this would further cultivate a mindset of valuing corporate intellectual property and develop the originality and portfolio of each business by protecting effective inventions, leading to the continued strengthening of our competitiveness.
  Please see below for more information.
Research and Development
▶︎P.40
 54 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020
鼓Licensing Activities
While the company applies for and acquires rights
primarily to ensure competitive advantages in our business activities, we also proactively license rights that we do not use to other companies. In some cases we also license technologies from other enterprises if they are likely to contribute to our business.

    Special Feature Business Activities
The Environment Collaborating with Society
鼓Risk Management for Intellectual Property Our acquisition and control of intellectual property is
conducted under the Rules for Handling Intellectual Property Rights stated above. This intellectual property rights strategy is intended to ensure that implementation corresponds with the reality of our individual businesses.
Intellectual property, including pending patent applications, is handled through a centrally controlled database by the Intellectual Property Department.
We strive to prevent infringements of competitors’ patents and strictly manage risks by ascertaining recent developments of issues through the periodic circulation of patent information, a problematic patent watch system and an intellectual property review service with the utmost attention paid to setting our own criteria. Moreover, we are educating employees and increasing their awareness by holding in-house training, intellectual property strategy promotion meetings with various divisions and so forth. To date, we have never been sued for infringing intellectual property rights and therefore not suffered any business interference as a consequence.
To manage trade secrets and prevent leaks of know-how and technology, we formulated and enforce Information Security Management Regulations and Document Management Rules that cover the entire group. In addition, we use the guidelines stipulated in the Rules for Handling Intellectual Property Rights to determine whether we will file a patent application for a technology or keep it secret as internal expertise in order to prevent technology leaks.
Group companies have formulated or reinforced various intellectual property rules while completing
the execution of agreements with each inventor. Given that we are strategically licensing our core technologies overseas from the perspective of our projected global management stance, we also address the risks of overseas licensing. The legal systems of emerging
Asian countries are different from the system in Japan. For example, licensors are responsible for quality/ performance assurance in those countries. In addition to internal information dissemination, we are implementing risk management in cooperation with specialized lawyers who are familiar with situations in those countries.
鼓Intellectual Property Award Program
We have paid specified compensation to inventors for
their patent applications and for registered patents that have significantly contributed to the business
profits under our regulations. Furthermore, in FY2018 we started to operate an Intellectual Property Award Program to strengthen employee awareness of intellectual property. In FY2020, achievements were recognized through the Excellent Invention Award (1 award, 7 individuals), the Largest Number of Patent Applications Award (1 individual and 1 team) and the Intellectual Property Contribution Award (2 awards, a total of 8 individuals).
鼓Training and Awareness Raising
To raise awareness of intellectual property and increase its potential, the company encourages employees, especially members of the research division and the technology development division, to take the Intellectual Property Management Skills Test, a national licensing examination. We have continued other employee training and awareness- raising efforts such as external workshops held
by the Japan Intellectual Property Association
and Japan Institute for Promoting Invention and Innovation, in addition to in-house training at
our headquarters, Central Research Laboratory, branches and plants. In FY2020 we implemented the training programs described below, with 90 attendees including employees from affiliated companies. We have also partially introduced an e-learning program. Furthermore, through efforts such as information exchange gatherings and study meetings for those related to the intellectual property of each company stated above, we strive to duly protect and use intellectual property across the group while respecting other companies’ intellectual property
and preventing
infringement,
focusing primarily
on intellectual
property as a source
of profit.
Number of Internal Attendees at Intellectual Property Training Sessions Held in FY2020
24 31 55
18 17 35
42 48 90
      Training Content
Taiheiyo Cement Corporation Employees
Session on patent descriptions
Affiliated Company Employees
 Total
     Basic
  Description
  Total
  TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 55