 Collaborating with Society
Partnership with Employees
Creating a Healthy and Safe Workplace
GRI103-2, 3
Closely Related SDGs
Taiheiyo Cement Health & Safety Policy
Our Occupational Health and Safety Policy is shown below. Under this policy, our headquarters and business sites review and implement yearly management policies on health and safety.
Taiheiyo Cement Health and Safety Policy
We are aware that the health and safety of our employees is part of the foundation of our company, and we effectively implement the following policy by devoting sufficient management resources to prevent work-related accidents and diseases in accordance with the Industrial Safety and Health Act and the Mine Safety Act.
❶ Promote health and safety activities through cooperation between management and labor, with the aim of eliminating work-related accidents.
We established the Companywide Occupational Health & Safety Committee, chaired by the officer in charge of safety, as a Specialized Committee under
the CSR Management Committee and reporting to
the Board of Directors and reporting to the Board of Directors which oversees the system. The Companywide Occupational Health & Safety Committee oversees promotion activities at all business sites and also collects safety-related data from group companies as well as the company itself, and provides guidance.
All plants, quarries and branches have a Health &
Safety Committee consisting of representatives from
both management and labor to promote the activities at
each business sites. We manage health and safety at our
cement plants and quarries at home and abroad using
the OSHMS*.
*Occupational Safety and Health Management System: A framework that allows organizations to reduce potential dangers at workplaces and promote comfortable worksites by voluntarily practicing continuous, uninterrupted health and safety management as prescribed in the guidelines of the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare in 1999.
Occupational Health & Safety System
     Basic Policy
❷ Ensure the health and safety of our employees and those of our affiliates by complying with health and safety-related laws and regulations, the health and safety management regulations created by us, and health and safety regulations created by our business sites.Board of DirectorsCSR Management Committee
❸ Strive to improve the level of safety and health by actively promoting the implementation and operation of an Occupational Safety and Health Management System, and by continually ensuring the true safety of our equipment, providing education and training, and raising awareness
   Companywide Health & Safety Committee (chaired by the officer in charge of safety)
    ❹ Continually improve the working environment and work methods through the company-wide and business site Health & Safety Committees, by applying technological progress and utilizing new knowledge and information about health and safety.
鼓Safety Operation Officer Certification System Since FY2008 we have been using the Safety Operation Officer System which emphasizes the importance of improving leadership capabilities and therefore only certifies those who complete qualification seminars held at plants as leaders (safety operation officers) of working groups. To further improve the capabilities of these leaders we imposed a stricter requirement for the qualification seminars starting in FY2016, restricting participants to those who have completed the foreman training course stipulated in the Industrial Safety and Health Act.
鼓Health and Safety Training Program
To ensure employee safety at work we conduct health and safety training in accordance with the
❺ Ensure health and safety throughout the Taiheiyo Cement Group by advancing programs to eliminate work-related accidents under the leadership of the company-wide, business site, group company and affiliate Health & Safety Committees.
Occupational Health & Safety System
GRI403-1, 2, 3
Under the Taiheiyo Cement Health & Safety Policy and health and safety management regulations, we provide for the basic aspects of the group’s health and safety management and promote health and safety activities. This creates comfortable working environments while also ensuring the health and safety of our employees and those of our contractors at the group’s business sites and other locations.
Central Research Laboratory Occupational Health & Safety Committee
Specialized Committees
 Headquarters/ Tokyo Branch Occupational Health & Safety Committee
Headquarters departments
      Partner companies
Plants
Occupational Health & Safety Committee
Branches
Occupational Health & Safety Committee
Quarries
Safety Committee
Group companies and affiliates Occupational Health & Safety Committee Safety Committee
    Health and Safety Cooperative Committee
Disaster Prevention Cooperative Committee
Safety Cooperative Committee
 86 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020
     Special Feature Business Activities
Governance The Environment
related implementation procedures. Training courses focus on newly hired employees, including those with professional experience, specialized courses, newly appointed managers, strengthening capabilities and new partner companies.
鼓Report and Database of Work-related Accidents Regardless of severity, any work-related accident is reported to the Companywide Occupational Health
& Safety Committee immediately after it occurs. We promptly post the details of any accident on the group bulletin board in an effort toward avoiding recurrence.
We have maintained a work-related accident database since FY2009 to help avoid the recurrence of accidents. It contains information about accidents involving employees of the company and group companies as well as all employees of partner companies including temporary workers. It is also used to store information on identified accident causes and response reports, including measures taken in response to unsafe actions and equipment with respect to the “4 Ms” (men, machines, methods and management). Information on the database is translated into English and Chinese so that it can be understood by those at overseas business sites.
Number of Accidents Registered in the Work-related Accident Database
the Taiheiyo Cement Group and (b) promoting ongoing safety activities at cement plants and by
the industry; (2) implementing concrete actions to reduce accidents; (3) the speedy dissemination of information following an accident; (4) the horizontal rollout of countermeasures taken by the accident site; (5) prevention of occurrence or recurrence of serious work-related accidents at specific business sites and affiliates; and (6) checks on countermeasures taken in response to an accident.
As a result we attained our objective of zero fatalities in FY2020 following FY2019. We also achieved our objective of 30 or fewer lost-time injuries for the first time since the company's foundation and lost-time ratio of 0.580%. However, we fell short of meeting the work-related accident objective with 94. While we have sought to prevent serious accidents as a key activity, there was a serious accident in FY2020 involving human contact with heavy machinery. In response we are promoting thorough no entry and separation of pedestrians and vehicles to prevent contact between heavy machinery and people. The number of accidents at overseas group companies declined as a result of implementing the same safety policy and system used in Japan.
Reviewing accidents by type, we found that a large number of accidents involved being caught by and dragged into equipment, or falling, and we are now focused on preventing their recurrence. Among work- related health hazards, the number of incidents of heatstroke increased more than four-fold compared to the average for previous years with 15 cases reported, and so prevention of heatstroke has emerged as a key challenge.
      ■Death ■Leave of absence ■No leave of absence (Number of accidents)
120 101 95 103 87 90
60
30
0 2016 2017 2018 2019
94
2020 (FY)
Absence Rate  Non-consolidated 0.439 0.448
Number of Work-related Accidents
(Unit: %) 0.580
          Status of Our Health and Safety Promotion Activities
GRI403-2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10
The Companywide Occupational Health & Safety Committee set the objectives for FY2020 aiming to achieve zero fatalities, limit lost-time injuries to 30 or less and work-related accidents to 80 or less, while also setting the absence rate at a maximum of 0.69% and targeting 0.6%. Accordingly, we conducted health and safety promotion activities with a focus on: (1) basic safety activities for attaining the CSR Objectives for 2025 by (a) establishing the safety culture of
0.458
0.647
  By region
FY2016
Japan
FY2017
FY2016
FY2018
FY2017
FY2019
FY2018
93 84 98 81 92 8 11 5 6 2
97 90 99 83 89
45445
(Number of accidents)
 FY2019
FY2020
 Absence Rate
FY2020
 Outside of Japan
   By gender
Male
  Female
   Work-related injuries/diseases
Injury
98 88 98
37 5
52 42 41
49 53 62
83 79
4 15
45 40
42 54
   Employees/ partner companies
Disease
  Employees
  Partner companies
   TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 87
  Collaborating with Society
Quality and Respecting Human Rights Supply Chain Creating a Healthy and Communication with
Technologies and Diversity and Creating Management Safe Workplace Communities an Energetic Workplace

  Collaborating with Society
Creating a Healthy and Safe Workplace
Breakdown by Accident Type
鼓Hands-on Safety Training
To develop each employee’s sense of safety we
have promoted hands-on safety training during which employees experience simulated dangers that could happen in daily operations. In FY2019 we introduced hands-on safety training equipment for them to experience simulated dangers related to heights, rotating equipment, electricity and objects hanging from a crane. Furthermore, we introduced virtual reality equipment in each cement plant for quickly training young or inexperienced employees and also provide the equipment to partner and group companies upon request.
Hands-on safety training equipment (Kumagaya plant)
鼓Safety Training Video
For employees who have just started working at a plant we made a DVD titled “The Promise of the Seven Safety Principles” in Japanese, English and Chinese. In an easy-
to-understand manner
it highlights certain
dangerous conduct that
could lead to serious
accidents.
“The Promise of the Seven Safety Principles” video
鼓Training to Prevent Heatstroke
We train employees of the company and of
Flying/ falling object 12%
by or dragged into equipment 31%
Falling 18%
Falling to the ground 16%
Falling to the ground 10%
Contact with high or low temperature objects 2%
Contact with high or low temperature objects 17%
FY2019
FY2020
    Others 27%
Being caught falling object 6%
Others 16%
Being caught by or dragged into equipment 27%
Falling 18%
■死亡 ■休業 ■不休 ▪Improving Equipment to Prevent the Recurrence of Accidents
By accident type, the most frequent were workers being caught by or dragged into equipment.
Many of these involved workers being caught by transportation equipment while loading cement into trucks. We are therefore striving to prevent more of these serious accidents
Flying/
  from occurring and have taken action including disseminating related information across
our plants and service stations.
Measure to prevent being dragged into equipment at the Yokohama-Minami service station
鼓Promoting Safety Activities at Group Companies The Companywide Occupational Health & Safety
Committee supports safety activities at group companies. We started conducting safety surveys
in FY2019 and in FY2020 we conducted a survey covering the group’s ten business sites in Japan and five sites overseas. We seek to raise safety standards by visiting the sites in order to hear about safety activities, conduct facility inspections and directly share information. Moreover, we are working to improve safety practices by, for example, having group companies conduct safety patrols together.
  Safety patrol (Nghi Son Cement Corporation)
 88 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020