Special Feature Business Activities Governance The Environment
Partnership with Society
Communication with Communities Closely Related SDGs
GRI103-2, 3, 203-1, 413-1
       Major Activities (FY2020)
Community briefing
Community briefing on environmental issues
Environmental monitoring system Community cleanup activities
Community forest conservation and nature protection activities
Plant and quarry tours
Opening facilities to the public
Sponsoring, participating in and cooperating in local events
Provision of materials and rental of heavy machinery
Support for community medical services
Support for the development of local industries
Disaster prevention activities
Others
Scholarships
Developing engineers
Internships and career experience opportunities
Others
178 852
64 173
93 83 364 2,495
136 198
448 6,508
1,204 10,312
282 45,478
31 350
21 415
26 330
31 262
20 401
11 517
31 1,254
32 10,897
14 308
● Briefing on waste treatment ● Briefing on quarry development work ● Briefing on power generation ● Briefing to members of a neighboring community on environmental issues
● Meetings, briefings and social gatherings for environmental monitors
● Cleaning of roads and rivers surrounding business sites ● Participating in a community cleanup activity
● Participation in forest conservation activities such as planting seedlings and thinning
● Support for preserving local communities’ farmlands ● Concluding a partnership agreement with the forest union ● Protecting rare regional plants and animals ● Donating money for environmental protection
● Plant and quarry tours for children, students, residents and government representatives in the community ● Providing schools and local organizations with access to our grounds, gymnasiums and meeting rooms
● Sponsorship of a boys baseball tournament
● Participating and cooperating in a sports tournament, community festivals and events
● Providing and lending materials and heavy machinery to improve public spaces as-well as roads and waterways in local communities
● Provision of free medical checkups and medication
● Agreement on use of the company’s premises as a medical heliport ● Donating money to medical support
● Participation and cooperation in activities to support the development of local industries ● Providing industrial water for agricultural use
● Conclusion of a regional disaster assistance agreement
● Regional joint disaster prevention drills, regional fire-fighting activities ● Financial assistance for fire-fighting activities
● Support for economically distressed areas ● Developing community leaders
● Scholarships for students who need financial assistance living near our business sites
● Opening free concrete technology schools to train concrete engineers ● Implementation of technical guidance programs
● Acceptance of domestic and foreign interns ● Technical guidance for university students ● Career experience, on-site training at quarries
● Provision of materials for building schools in local communities ● Donations of funds to a public library
● Participation in support groups
● Provision of company-managed housing and a gymnasium as an evacuation center (agreement with local authorities) ● Provision of a tentative storage yard for disaster waste, recycling of disaster waste as raw materials
● Donating money to affected areasTheme
Protection of the local environment
Promotion of local culture and communication
Activity
Sessions (Rounds)
Attendees (Persons)
Examples
  Regional development
 Education and development of human resources
Support for areas affected by disaster  Disaster area support
4
-                                Protection of the Local Environment
▪Participating in a Volunteer Cleanup around Mt. Hiwada in Hidaka City and Fundraising for the Hidaka City Green Fund (Saitama Plant)
Once a year, employees at the Saitama plant volunteer
to conserve the environment and protect nature around Mt. Hiwada, a symbol of Hidaka City. The employees, particularly younger workers, remove weeds, rake up fallen leaves and cut down dead trees. The activity offers employees the opportunity to contribute to passing on the rich natural wealth of Mt. Hiwada to coming generations and deepen communication with local residents.
The plant also cooperates in fundraising for the Green Fund, created to conserve the natural environment by maintaining green spaces in Hidaka City and promoting greening. The plant has participated in the activity since 1993 and received a letter
▪Receiving the 2019 Iwate Governor’s Award for Environmental Conservation Activity to Mitigate Global Warming (Ofunato Plant)
This award recognizes organizations and individuals for their outstanding efforts to prevent global warming and for the technological development and commercialization of products for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
The plant raises employee awareness during a meeting on energy saving and energy saving proposal promotion month. It also focuses on decreasing electricity intensity by introducing highly efficient equipment, switching to LED light bulbs on chimneys and suspending the operation of unnecessary equipment. The plant, along with erex Co.,Ltd., jointly established a new company that is engaged in Japan’s largest-scale biomass power generation business with a biomass plant that
began operating in January
2020. For these reasons,
the Iwate Prefectural
government recognized
the plant’s initiatives toward
limiting global warming.
    of appreciation from the Hidaka City government. We will continue to participate in ways that help to maintain an attractive Hidaka City.
Employees participating in the volunteer work
Iwate Prefecture Environmental Conservation Activity award ceremony
 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 89Collaborating with Society
Quality and Respecting Human Rights Supply Chain Creating a Healthy and Communication with
Technologies and Diversity and Creating Management Safe Workplace Communities an Energetic Workplace
  Collaborating with Society
Communication with Communities
Promotion of Local Culture and Communication
▪Holding a Local Specialties Sales Event (Tohoku Branch) The company holds what it calls “Marche,” an event for selling specialty products from regions in which
it maintains close connections. We held Tohoku Restoration Support Marche for specialties of Iwate Prefecture in November 2018 and sales events for specialties of Fukushima Prefecture in March 2019 and Miyagi Prefecture in October 2019.
Prior to the events the company signed a comprehensive partnership agreement with the Miyagi Prefectural government in June 2019. Miyagi Prefecture is the first place where we do not operate a cement plant to sign a comprehensive partnership agreement with us. Visitors have told us that they were impressed by the attractiveness of Miyagi Prefecture, such
Regional Development
▪Removing Snow from Town Roads with Heavy Machinery after a Heavy Storm (Buko Mining Co., Ltd.)
A joint committee of four companies involved in quarrying at Mt Buko, including Taiheiyo Cement, removes snow at the request of the Yokoze Town Office in the Nekoya district and on Town Roads
No. 1 and No. 3 after heavy snowfall. Each member company uses heavy machinery they own to remove the snow in their assigned areas.
At a joint committee meeting with the Yokoze Town Office every year, as the snow season nears, we confirm snow removal areas, storage spaces for removed snow and areas where a de-icing agent is applied. The companies
and government work
together to contribute
to traffic safety in the
Nekoya district where
the quarry is located.
Heavy machinery used for snow removal
▪Donating a Microbus to the Education Department of the Community (Taiheiyo Cement Philippines, Inc., Philippines)
Taiheiyo Cement Philippines, Inc. and Solid Earth Development Corporation donated a microbus
to the Education Department of San Fernando,
the town where the companies’ plant is located. The microbus is used by teachers to commute to and from elementary schools in the town and as a means of transport for students who attend after- school activities. The donation ceremony was held on April 25, 2019 and attended by the mayor and a representative of the local education department. The mayor expressed his appreciation for the company’s contribution to the town’s educational development.
In addition, we have a scholarship system for university and high school students. We also donate cement to 30
elementary schools in
the town. Through these
activities, we contribute
to improving its
educational programs.
    as its specialty items and sightseeing spots. Through these activities we will continue to deepen communication with the region.
Sales event for specialty items of Miyagi Prefecture (head office)
鼓Opening Our Facilities to the Community at DuPont Quarry (CalPortland Company, U.S.)
Annual Open House welcoming the community
to our facilities took place at the DuPont Quarry of CalPortland Company in Washington State. It was attended by more than 200 people including local residents, representatives of the state assembly
and city council, as well as our employees. Salmon purchased from the Nisqually Tribe was served to participants followed by a tour of DuPont Quarry, which is expected to be expanded by 177 acres (71.6 ha). The company is implementing an initiative to increase the flow of water in Sequalitchew Creek, which runs near the expansion area, in partnership with the environmental authorities of the state and regional municipalities. We look forward to seeing the return of salmon
traveling upstream,
something that has not
happened in recent
years.
Local residents participating in the tour
A donated bus and the teachers who use it
  90 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020

   Special Feature Business Activities Governance The Environment
Education and Development of Human Resources
鼓Cooperating in Producing of “Secret of Cement” in the Let's Learn with Cartoons Series
(General Affairs Department)
A cartoon book titled Secret of Cement by Gakken Plus Co., Ltd. was published in March 2020 as part of a series of cartoon books under the name “Let’s Learn with Cartoons.” The goal of the series is to explain about subjects in various fields using cartoons so children can readily understand them. The series is distributed to elementary schools, public libraries and children’s halls, and is used
as supplementary material for classes and for other proposes. In producing the book the company and its group companies cooperated extensively, and also invited the writer to its plants and laboratories where he was provided with useful reference materials. This facilitated the publication of a book that explains
the cement industry in an easy-
to-understand way. We received
many comments from schools that
received it, such as in reference to
learning the difference between
cement and concrete, having
technical content explained in an
easy-to-understand manner using
cartoons and learning new things
about something we see every day.
▪Participating in the “Riko-challe” Program (Fujiwara Plant) The Science, Technology, Engineering and
Mathematics Challenge (Riko-challe) program is led
by the Gender Equality Bureau of the Cabinet Office. Its goal is to help female students who are interested
in science, technology, engineering and mathematics select their careers. We have been participating in the program since 2017 while also holding in-house events for female students to experience work.
Supporting Areas Affected by Disaster
▪Recycling Disaster Waste as Raw Materials (Chugoku Branch) The Chugoku branch provided its former premises as a
temporary storage yard for disaster waste caused by the West Japan Flood in July 2018. It transported some of the soil, approximately 31,500 tonnes, generated in Kure City, Hiroshima Prefecture, during the period between June 2019 and April 2020 to the Ofunato plant, the Oita plant and the Itoigawa plant of Myojo Cement Co., Ltd. by sea, where it was recycled as raw materials.
   The branch implemented this initiative in close cooperation with COCCO Co., Ltd., an industrial waste treatment operator in the affected area, and REMATEC Holdings Corporation, headquartered in Kishiwada City, Osaka Prefecture,
who have extensive
experience in treating
disaster waste for
reconstruction and other
operations for the Great
East Japan Earthquake.
鼓Maintaining the Agreement for Use of Matsuzaki Company-managed Housing as an Evacuation Center for Tsukumi City Residents (Oita Plant)
The area surrounding the Matsuzaki company- managed housing of the Oita plant lies near
the bank of the Aoe River, a location that can be exposed to seawater forced upstream in the event of a tsunami. An evacuation is therefore required when a significant earthquake occurs. The evacuation center, however, is over a kilometer away from the area, raising concerns that small children and the elderly may be evacuated too late.
We therefore recommended that the Tsukumi City government use the common areas on and above the 4th floor of the six-story Matsuzaki company-managed housing as a temporary evacuation center. We concluded the agreement on its use for this purpose in July 2011.
    These took place at the Oita plant in 2017 and the Central Research Laboratory in 2018. Another was held this year at the Fujiwara plant. The students were given a tour of the cement
plant and limestone
quarry, and then met our
female engineers to ask
questions and talk about
club activities and career
selection.
Fortunately, the housing space has not yet been needed. We will continue to offer it to local residents as an evacuation center in the event of an emergency.
Matsuzaki company-managed housing of the Oita plant
TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 91