Partnership with Society and Employees
Respecting Human Rights and Diversity and Creating an Energetic Workplace
Closely Related SDGs
Basic Policy Concerning Human Rights and Labor Practices
GRI102-16
We formulated our Basic Policy Concerning Human Rights and Labor Practices in April 2015 with the acknowledgement that respecting human rights and diversity is a fundamental principle for a sustainable society, and taking into consideration the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the labor standards of the International Labor Organization.
Basic Policy Concerning Human Rights and Labor Practices
GRI103-2, 3
families as well as our partner companies.
We have been conducting a questionnaire on employee harassment every two years and plan to
conduct the next in FY2021.
We also assisted group companies in conducting
training courses and distributed a booklet to raise awareness of human rights.
In-house Training Related to Human Rights Issues and Call
      for Slogans (FY2020)
Non-consolidated
     ❶ Recognizing that respecting human rights is a foundational management concern, we will strive to address human rights issues.
138 participants 390 participants 741 participants
1,507 slogans
  ❷ We will respect diversity and will not tolerate discrimination or harassment in any form.
 ❸ Applying accepted international principles and laws and labor practices in each country, we will respect the rights of all our workers, treat them to employment free of discrimination and strive to ensure equal employment opportunities.
鼓Operating the Human Rights Hotline
Members of the Harassment Counseling Committee
and Human Rights Committee assigned at all business sites conduct activities to raise awareness of human rights to prevent harassment, and handle any related complaints to create a positive workplace environment. In FY2020 we received 15 reports via the hotline, reviewed the details of each report based on requests from the complainants, and responded appropriately.
Harassment Hotline
The Human Rights Committee and harassment counselors have been allocated at all our business sites (56 in total).
Telephone and website consultations have been contracted to the Japan Institute of Workers’ Evolution Harassment Hotline.
  ❹ We will strive for better working conditions and a workplace environment that ensures the health and safety of our employees.
❺ We will not tolerate child labor or forced labor under any circumstances.
In-house Training and Slogans Collected
Group company top management lecture by CSR executive officers
Human rights seminar for HQ employees by position (including 67 from our affiliates)
Results
  Human rights training at plants and branches
Human Rights Week slogans collected (from employees and their families)
   Respect for Human Rights
GRI102-17, 412-2
  Under the Basic Policy Concerning Human Rights and Labor Practices we are committed to respecting the human rights of our employees and all those involved in our business activities. These strong commitments are reflected in our Standard of Conduct (see page 52-53), which governs
the actions of each employee and is clearly expressed in statements such as “We will respect human rights and will not discriminate on the basis of national origin, gender or other factors” and “We will maintain a harassment-free workplace.”
鼓Educational Activities on Human Rights
We have been conducting a variety of educational
activities with the belief that education is the foundation for human rights.
In FY2020 our human rights seminars for employees were focused on the Dowa discrimination issue in Japan and preventing harassment, and the sessions for the top management of our affiliates were about unconscious bias. Moreover, during Human Rights Week, we promoted human rights awareness by collecting slogans from company employees and their
Number of Reports to the Harassment Hotline (FY2020)
Non-consolidated
(Unit: report)InternalExternal Sexual harassment
Power harassment
Other
Total
Internal 1 8 0 9
External 1 4 1 6
   Human Resource Development and EvaluationGRI404-2, 3
We see our employees as the most important management resources for achieving the sustainable growth of
our group. We maintain a long-term human resource development system in accordance with our Basic Human Resources Development Policy and a fair evaluation system to support the performance of all our human resources. These systems reflect diverse individual characteristics and values, regardless of nationality or gender.TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 79Collaborating with Society
Quality and Respecting Human Rights Supply Chain Creating a Healthy and Communication with
Technologies and Diversity and Creating Management Safe Workplace Communities an Energetic Workplace
  Collaborating with Society
Respecting Human Rights and Diversity and Creating an Energetic Workplace
   Basic Policy Concerning the Development of Human Resources
Education/Training-Related Expenses per Employee  Non-consolidated (Unit: 1,000 yen)
Our Training System
Our website https://www.taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english/index.html CSR → Integrated Report → Appendix
鼓Human Resource Evaluation System
We have adopted a human resource evaluation
system that prioritizes development over compensation. The system assists employees in deepening their understanding of their evaluation results through feedback. It also strongly emphasizes the exchange of opinions between evaluators and employees, who share their thoughts on issues such as identifying areas for future development.
We have been implementing a management (HR evaluation) training program since FY2008
to enhance the evaluation, development and management of skills of evaluators. As of the end of FY2020, 770 people had participated in training under these programs.
 FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
71
 74
  75
 Our aim is to develop human resources that are highly regarded both inside and outside the company.
 ❶ In principle, human resources will be developed through on-the-job training supplemented by off- the-job training.
 ❷ Human resources will be developed to succeed the roles of their superiors, playing central roles in the future in each area and at each level.
 ❸ Human resources will be developed to take action in constant consideration of group management.
❹ Human resources will be developed to be competent by global standards.
❺ Human resources will be developed to protect the environment and to serve society by assuming active roles in CSR initiatives.
❻ Human resources will be encouraged and assisted to develop their motivation and to adopt broader perspectives through self-development.
 鼓Human Resource Development
We implement company-wide measures, including group
training by position, and the development of global human resources. We also introduce measures aimed at developing the individual potential of each employee as a basis for energizing the organization. These efforts provide our employees with opportunities for personalized learning experiences that foster autonomy and independence, and ultimately raise their motivation to the next level. We actively encourage and create environments in which employees can freely make decisions about their careers during their work and training.
In addition, we ask all employees to submit self-appraisals once a year, including future career development aspirations, worksite preferences and family considerations, to help us improve the work environment so they can fully demonstrate their abilities and to ensure stable employment.
Respecting Diversity
GRI404-2, 405-1
 ▪Promoting Diversity and the Empowerment of Women Acknowledging that promoting diversity and empowering women is the biggest and most immediate challenge for creating an innovative labor force, we have engaged in a wide range of efforts.
In July 2015 we established the Diversity Promotion Office (name at the time) to review various measures and strengthened our awareness-raising efforts. In addition to reviewing company systems and establishing new ones, the office operates the Kirakira Palette portal site*, which provides employees with information such as details of company programs and available fringe benefits.
In October 2019 we held the fifth Diversity Forum and invited an external lecturer who has long been engaged in initiatives for enabling diverse human resources to demonstrate their capabilities and realize diverse workstyles. The theme of the lecture was diversity among role models. We made the video of the forum available online via the Kirakira Palette site for all employees to watch at their convenience.
 Characteristics of Ideal Employees
From the standpoint of human resource development we have identified the following desirable characteristics and traits for revolutionizing the company and creating a dynamic Taiheiyo Cement.
Self-confident individuals who are able to contribute to the sustainable growth of the group with a firm commitment to achieving the group mission:
❶ Individuals with innovative ideas, strong leadership and the ability to take bold actions
❷ Individuals who can be competent by global standards ❸ Individuals who can contribute to group management
 80 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020

     Special Feature Business Activities Governance The Environment
We have been participating since FY2018 in the Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics Challenge (Riko- challe) program led by the Gender Equality Bureau of the Cabinet Office, to empower women in the workplace. In August 2019 we organized a plant tour for experiencing work and interacting with our female engineers at the Fujiwara Plant and Quarry.
We are steadily working on the general business owner action plans pursuant to the Act of Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. In addition, we have been participating in Keidanren’s Action Plan on Women’s Active Participation in the Workforce and announced our voluntary action plans. We will continue our sincere efforts to increase job opportunities for women and create an environment that fosters more female managers.
We have been actively recruiting female employees to increase the ratio of female employees to over 10% by 2020 (the ratio of female employees as of March 31, 2020 was approximately 9.0%). Women who are “G Course” employees accounted for approximately 21% of the new employees joining the company in April 2020. We also hired one female foreign national and will continue to hire outstanding employees with a focus on individual capabilities, regardless of nationality.
While our target of at least 10% of female employees by 2020 expires at the end of FY2021, we will continue to promote the empowerment of women toward achieving the target in our CSR Objectives for 2025.
*Kirakira Palette portal site for supporting employees to continue working while caring for family members
Establishing Kirakira Palette portal site
The Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics Challenge (Riko- challe) program held in August 2019
The general business owner action plans pursuant to the Act of Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace
Our website https://www.taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english/index.html CSR → Collaborating with Society → Human Resources
▪Promoting Employment Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities We have been working to improve the working
environment for employees with disabilities, including the establishment of three special purpose subsidiaries. As a result, our employment rate of persons with disabilities has steadily improved.
The rate was 2.30% as of June 2019 and the annual average employment rate for FY2020 was 2.44%, exceeding the statutory rate for the 13th consecutive year. The statutory employment rate was raised
to 2.2% in April 2018. Our employment rate was 2.50% as of June 1, 2020, which also exceeded the statutory rate.
We intend to continue doing all we can to increase the number of employees with disabilities, including visiting schools, inviting school staff to our workplaces, collaborating with support organizations for persons with disabilities, and participating in recruitment events or seminars for persons with disabilities.
Trends in the Employment Rate for Persons with Disabilities (as of June 1 of Each Year) Non-consolidated
       Employment rate (%) Statutory rate* Taiheiyo Cement
Private sector average
2.30 2.50
2.11
2019 2020 (year) *Statutory employment rates were 1.8% until March 31, 2013, 2.0% until March 31, 2018,
3.0
2.5
2.0
1.5 1.49 1.0 0.82 0.5
▪System to Rehire Employees Who Have Reached Retirement Age We rehire employees who want to continue working
after they have reached the traditional retirement age of 60 until they become eligible for their pension. After they start receiving a pension we rehire them in accordance with specific rehiring standards under a labor-management agreement until they reach 65. We will continue to make sure there is a workplace for individuals who seek re- employment by expanding opportunities in group companies.
Number of Employees Rehired after Reaching Retirement Age
Non-consolidated (Unit: person)
 2.37 2.39 2.34 1.92 1.97 2.05
           0 2000
and 2.2% since April 1, 2018.
2016 2017 2018
       
2019
Rehired by the company
 21
 Rehired by other companies (including those that are not group companies)
 21
  TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 81
  Collaborating with Society
Quality and Respecting Human Rights Supply Chain Creating a Healthy and Communication with
Technologies and Diversity and Creating Management Safe Workplace Communities an Energetic Workplace

  Collaborating with Society
Respecting Human Rights and Diversity and Creating an Energetic Workplace
Employee-friendly Workplaces
GRI401-3, 403-6
  Major Work Systems that Allow Flexible Work Arrangements
◦ Telecommuting system
◦ Flextime system
◦ Discretionary labor system
◦ Half-day paid vacation
◦ “Special Reserved” leave (use of accumulated paid leave that has expired) ◦ Refresh System
◦ Human resource management system per course (region-
limited employment) and others
 鼓Flexible Work Arrangements
We are working to provide flexible work arrangements
by adopting various employment systems that will enable our employees to enhance work-life balance.
Support for Childcare and Caregivers
We established a long-term leave system in 2017 for employees who are given no choice but to give up their careers due to unavoidable circumstances such as relocating for their spouse’s job or childcare. We also operate a reemployment system for employees who leave their jobs due to child or family care. In addition to our childcare/family-care leave, we have instituted measures that support employees who do not want to take leave, such as a telecommuting, flextime, shortened work hours and starting work early or finishing late.
Responding to the Act for Measures to Support the Development of the Next Generation
Since FY2006 we have been formulating general business owner action plans based on the Act for Measures to Support the Development of the Next Generation. After having obtained the initial “Kurumin” certification in 2017, we achieved the objectives set in the general business owner action plan during the plan’s fifth term, from April 2017 to March 2019. We also met multiple certification criteria such as the rate of childcare leave taken and actual overtime work. In recognition of
our efforts we obtained the second “Kurumin” certification in January 2020. Also, in FY2020 we started implementing various efforts in accordance with our sixth-term general business owner action plan.
Status of Leaves Taken and Work Hours  Non-consolidated
  Items
 Number of employees who took childcare leave (male employees in parentheses)
2017
21(10)
100%
66.0%
16.4 hours
22(8)
100%
67.6%
16.7 hours
24(17)
100%
78.5%
17.4 hours
2018
2019
  Childcare leave rate for female employees
  Rate of annual paid leave taken
  Overtime work (monthly average)
  鼓Support for Volunteer Activities
In June 2012 we formulated a volunteer activity
leave scheme and have been supporting volunteer activities undertaken by employees. A total of 44 employees have taken this leave up to FY2020.
鼓Efforts to Promote Employees Health
In March 2018 the company formulated the “Taiheiyo
Cement Group Commitment to Health” as its policy
for employee health. Under the commitment we have
since undertaken initiatives based on the “Kenkokeiei*”
concept to maintain and improve the mental and
physical health of every employee.
*Kenkokeiei (Management of Health on Company and Employee) is a trademark of the NPO Health Management Study Group
Mental Healthcare
We provide mental health checkups for all our employees (consultation rate: 95.3% in FY2020). Mental healthcare is a key focus in our efforts
to promote employee health. We also conduct workshops focused on preventing mental health problems. In addition, we offer free counseling services on mental health to employees and their families under a contract with the company’s healthcare trust for this purpose.
   Taiheiyo Cement Group Commitment to Health
The Taiheiyo Cement Group regards its employees as key management resources (“human assets”) and intends to be a corporate group in which every employee can enthusiastically work while maintaining their mental and physical health.
 General Business Owner Action Plans
Duration of plan: April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2021 (2 years)
Objective 1
Measures
Disseminate information about the systems for balancing work and family based on the Act on Childcare Leave, Caregiver Leave and Other Measures for the Welfare of Workers Caring for Children and Other Family Members Run a portal site in support of the continuation of employment which introduces internal systems systematically
Objective 2
Implement an initiative to realize flexible work arrangements
Measures
Implement trial telework arrangements
Objective 3
Implement measures to promote the use of annual paid leave
Measures
Improve the rate of annual paid leave taken by setting up days when employees are encouraged to take annual paid leave, systematically providing annual paid leave, etc. Implement a social contribution program concerning the development of the next generation
Objective 4
Measures
Conduct internships, etc., that provide young people with opportunities to gain workplace experience
 82 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020

   Special Feature Business Activities
Governance The Environment
Initiative for Improving Employees Health
We conduct annual health examinations for all employees in accordance with the Industrial
Safety and Health Act. As in FY2018 and 2019 the attendance rate in FY2020 was 100%. In the event that any doubt is raised over a diagnosis, we help the employee to undergo an extensive examination and provide lifestyle improvement training.
Moreover, as part of the initiative we hold nutrition seminars at each business site, provide information through an in-house newsletter and distribute a pamphlet for raising health awareness.
Employee Awareness Survey
Toward increasing employee job satisfaction we have conducted an employee survey every two years from FY2014 to FY2018. In FY2021 we plan to conduct the survey after reviewing its content.
Sound Labor-management Relations
GRI102-41, 403-4
All employees who have entered into a labor agreement with the company are members of a union. We occasionally hold labor-management consultation and briefing sessions that provide opportunities for labor and management to exchange opinions and negotiate issues on the basis of mutual trust and understanding. In FY2020, 38
of these sessions were held encompassing labor contract negotiations as well as explanations of corporate performance, revisions to wages and bonuses, and amended systems and rules. Through the sessions we intend to improve communication between labor and management. In addition,
four specialized committees set up as advisory bodies for labor-management consultation provide opportunities for active negotiation and exchanging views between labor and management.
Activities of Specialized Committees
Review the entire personnel system and the treatment of employees
Examine the operation of personnel/labor management systems against the background of diversifying employment and employment status
Examine problems concerning work hours and work hour management, and the response to laws related to work hours
Examine the measures necessary to promote diversity in the workplace
  Employee Status
Employee Status (as of the End of FY2020)
GRI102-7, 8, 401-1
(Unit: person)
    192 1,798 11,507 1,612 13,119
782 260 1,042 Note: The number of temporary employees refers to the annual average number of temporary employees.
Non-consolidated
Male
Female
Male
Female
Permanent employees
Temporary employees
FY2018
FY2018
Male
1,606
52 6 58
        Average Length of Employment for Employees (Years) (as of the End of Each Fiscal Year)
Non-consolidated
(Unit: year)
20.0
12.3
    FY2019
20.5 20.4
14.5 13.1
 鼓Direct Communication between Executive Officers and Employees
As part of our efforts to enhance communication across the company we have been holding talk sessions with the executive officers, providing both executive officers and employees with
a valuable opportunity to interact directly. In FY2020 these sessions were held at our 18 business sites and attended by 1,168 people.
    Note: A declining trend in the average years of employment is primarily due to an increase in the number of new graduate employees rather than an increase in turnover rate.
Number of Employees in Management Positions Non-consolidated
 (as of the End of Each Fiscal Year)
(Unit: person)
 767 767 760 235
Number of New Graduate Employees Non-consolidated
(Unit: person)
70 68 91 24 24 18
Number of Newly Hired Mid-career Employees Non-consolidated (Unit: person)
169 070
FY2019
Female
FY2020
Total
Committee
Committee on personnel and treatment of employees
 Committee on employment and employment formats
Activities
   Consolidated
Permanent employees
Temporary employees
    Committee on work hours
 Committee on the promotion of diversity
   FY2020
       Male
 Female
    Male
 Female
FY2018
FY2018
FY2019
FY2019
FY2020
  FY2020
    TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 83