Collaborating with Society
Partnership with Suppliers
Supply Chain Management
Closely Related SDGs
Our Business Partners
GRI102-9
customers that go beyond what is legally and
socially acceptable.
5. We will produce honest, sincere and faithful
advertisements, displays and presentations.
6. We will respond sincerely to customer feedback.
7. We will maintain transparent relationships with
governments.
8. We will respect the cultures and customs of the
places in which we operate.
We also established the Basic Policy Concerning
Procurement in October 2017 to reinforce commitments 2 and 3 and ask our contractors to share them.
Taiheiyo Cement Basic Policy Concerning Procurement
Our website https://www.taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english/index.html CSR → Collaborating with Society →
To respond to internationally reinforced controls over acts of bribery and strengthen our prevention initiatives against corruption (commitments 4 and 7), we established the Anti-Bribery Policy in January 2017, concurrent with the release of a statement by our president declaring our group’s stance against bribery.
The Anti-Bribery Policy
Our website https://www.taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english/index.html
CSR → Risk Management and Compliance → Compliance Guidelines
   We produce and use cement and concrete in our major business activities. Much of its main raw ingredient, limestone, is mined and supplied by
our group companies, which also manage the quarries. Coal, the primary fossil fuel thermal energy is supplied by companies outside the group. The wastes and by-products that we recycle in our cement production process come from many different industries and a variety of locations.
A significant part of our production process is automated. The construction and maintenance of our production equipment is outsourced to partner companies and contractors when needed.
Our cement products are mainly supplied to building materials companies. Raw materials and products are transported by both group and non- group companies (for more on their activities, see pages 4-5). Our group operates cement production sites in Japan, the U.S., China, Vietnam, the Philippines and Papua New Guinea.
By closely communicating with the governments in the regions and countries where we operate we ensure that we observe their laws and strive to meet their needs and requests.
Supply Chain Management
 Fundamental Policy
GRI-102-16
 Our growth depends on the growth of our business partners. To build relationships of trust we work in concert with our business partners, we are sincere and fair in our dealing with them and strictly adhere to our agreements. Under the section entitled “Dealing outside the company in good faith” in
our Standards of Conduct, we declare a number of commitments to ensure that “We will act in an ethical manner and abide by the laws and regulations of those countries in which we operate,” a statement
in our Business Principles. We manage our supply chain in compliance with these commitments:
1. We will conduct fair marketing and bidding, free
from unfair practices such as collusion and cartels.
2. We will maintain decent and transparent
relationships with our contractors.
3. We will select business partners in a fair and
equitable manner.
4. We will not offer entertainment or gifts to
 84 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020
   Special Feature Business Activities Governance The Environment
Safety of Our Business Partners at Production Sites
GRI-403-1, 3
Many of our operations at cement production
and mining sites are mechanized. However, some operations require manual work at height or in
high temperatures, and ensuring safety of workers at our production sites is a prerequisite to our
stable business performance. In an effort to prevent employees of contractors working at our sites from becoming involved in any accidents, we request that they go through safety training, submit a safety plan and reflect our instructive feedback in advance.
Antimonopoly Law Compliance Manual
鼓E-learning Programs
To ensure that all employees understand compliance
across our supply chain and act accordingly,
we conduct monthly tests as part of e-learning programs to provide education on the Standard of Conduct Casebook and the Antimonopoly Law Compliance Manual for all company employees, including those on loan to group companies or others. The monthly tests that began in FY2019 always contain one question concerning anti- bribery.
Looking ahead, we will continue to provide e-learning education.
     Trade Compliance Training
GRI102-16, 205-2
 Relationships of trust with business partners and governments depend on the conduct of each employee, so we encourage our employees to advance fair trade through a variety of means.
鼓Distributing the Standard of Conduct Casebook Our Standard of Conduct Casebook, designed
to provide exemplary models of conduct for employees, includes a section about what constitutes fair trade. It is distributed to all employees of our major group companies.
鼓Distributing the Antimonopoly Law Compliance Manual
Our Antimonopoly Law Compliance Manual is distributed to all employees toward ensuring compliance.
The manual first presents an outline of the Antimonopoly Law focusing on private monopoly, unfair restraint of competition (cartels) and unfair business practices, the three pillars of this law. It further offers examples of illegal conduct in the form of “Don’t” statements to help employees more thoroughly understand the law. The manual is revised when laws and regulations are amended.
   TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 85