The Environment
Conserving Biodiversity GRI103-2, 3 Closely Related SDGs
   Environmental Impact of Our Operations
GRI304-1, 2, MM1, MM2
鼓Environmental Impact of Our Operations Cement production starts with quarrying limestone, the primary raw material for cement. We also quarry other raw materials such as aggregates and other minerals.
Since quarrying requires the removal of topsoil, quarry development has an impact on the biodiversity of the development area. However,
the limestone, rocks and sand we quarry only require crushing for particle size adjustment and sorting, and do not require any refining processes. Consequently, our operations are unlikely to cause chemical contamination to surrounding areas. In addition, we minimize the amount of waste stones generated during our limestone quarrying by using them as construction materials.
鼓Limestone Quarries of the Group
The group operates 19 major limestone quarries
around the world, most of which are near our
integrated cement plants. The total site area* of the
quarries is 4,327 ha (Japan: 2,409 ha; U.S.A.: 1,281
ha; other regions: 637 ha).
*The area where we conduct quarrying operations as measured by our in-house standard.
Limestone Quarries of the Group
11 2,409 1 3 1,281 0
5 637 0
*Require consideration refers to quarries that fall under category IV or higher in terms of the IUCN’s Protected Area.
Using the Integrated Biodiversity Assessment
Tool (IBAT) provided by BirdLife International, we checked whether any of our limestone quarries are in any of the protected areas defined by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). We found that none of our quarries are within or adjacent to Protected Area Category III or lower categories. However, In Japan, one quarry is within a Category IV area and two are adjacent to Category IV areas.
All these quarries have obtained the necessary licenses and conduct environmentally friendly
quarrying operations. They have no pending litigations concerning biodiversity or other environmental issues.
Outline of Protected Area Categories of the IUCN
Areas that have outstanding or representative ecosystems or have geographical or physiological features or species.
Large unmodified or slightly modified areas.
Areas set aside to protect the environmental integrity of the ecosystem.
Areas that have outstanding features of nature or cultural values.
Areas that require active interventions to maintain habitats or address the requirements of particular species.
Activities to Reduce Environmental Impact
GRI103-2, 3, 304-1, 2, 3, 4, MM1
Throughout the group we believe that balancing the conservation of ecosystems in communities and development of the communities themselves is important in quarry operations. With this belief, we hold discussions with local governments, communities and academics while operating quarries. This helps to ensure we not only prevent pollution but also conserve biodiversity and water resources while minimizing our environmental impact.
鼓Environmental Impact Assessment
In developing quarries we conduct ex-ante
assessments of environmental impact of the development of quarries based on environmental research of the development area such as on biodiversity and water resources. We then discuss the results of the research with local governments, communities, academics, and other stakeholders toward finalizing a development plan. Moreover,
we regularly monitor the surrounding environment during the development and operations of quarries and report to our stakeholders on the environmental impact that the quarries have in these areas.
For instance, in the new development of a quarry in the Ofunato
Quarry, Iwate Prefecture,
we conducted
   I a: Strict Nature Reserve
  II: National Park
III: Natural Monument or Feature
Outline
 I b: Wilderness Area
     IV: Habitat/Species Management Area
    Region
Japan
Number of sites
Site area (ha)
Require consideration* (number of quarries)
 U.S.A.
Other regions
     68 TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020
IUCN Categories
environmental assessment for approximately ten years. We focused on
Raptors survey
    Special Feature Business Activities
Governance Collaborating with Society
preserving rare wildlife species in cooperation with external experts and local residents. Furthermore, we minimized noise and vibration during the development work and also limited the traffic hours for trucks used in construction work. In addition, even after development work begins, we carry out regular ex-post assessments and environmental protection measures.
鼓Biodiversity Protection
When environmental impact assessments determine
that protection is required, we protect rare species through the installation of protective measures, transplanting and restricting development work.
Since 1972, at the Minowa Quarry of Chichibu Taiheiyo Cement Corporation, we have been protecting and nurturing rare species of native plants on Mt. Buko, which is on the border of Chichibu City and Yokoze Town in Saitama Prefecture. We created a botanical garden at the quarry and, together with local experts and other people, we preserve 68 native plant species there while increasing the plant population. Additionally, our Central Research Laboratory continues to research and develop ways to preserve and grow endangered plants, and to verify genetic diversity of native plant species using biotechnology. Since 2016, in the course of developing the Ofunato Quarry, we have been working with experts to preserve and cultivate various rare plant species
in their native biospheres by creating a botanical garden on the side of the office of Ryushin Mining Co., Ltd.
Botanical garden
鼓Greening Quarries
In working quarry areas, rocks and soil are
exposed leaving no flora coverage. However, we continuously restore greenery to the quarry slopes on terraces formed during the quarrying process as early as possible, particularly if no quarrying work is expected for some time. We also plant vegetation in stockyards for excavated topsoil where no construction work is expected. At some quarries, at the request of the community, we restore greenery if operations have been suspended for several months.
We usually plant vegetation that is native to
the region. Group greening of quarries in Japan in FY2020 involved a 20,630 m2 area where seeds were sprayed and 1,726 tree seedlings planted.
Other efforts include participating in an annual tree planting campaign with contractors and local residents to improve
awareness of quarry
development and
greening activities.
Greening quarry slopes
鼓Water Resource Conservation
In quarrying we also pay close attention to
protecting not only terrestrial plants but also water resources such as rivers and natural springs in an effort to protect biodiversity. From the perspective of conserving water resources, spring water discharged from quarrying and rainwater is directed into retention basins to minimize impact outside of the quarrying area. In some quarries we drill wells for domestic water and supply this water to local communities for everyday use.
鼓Use of Old Quarry Sites
We reuse old quarry sites where operations have
completely ended after consultation with the local community. When greening a site we strive to restore the original natural environment.
                  Rare plant
TAIHEIYO CEMENT REPORT 2020 69