BusinessHuman Resources Management
Human Resources Management
Accelerating the Growth of Our People and Our Organization, the Drivers of Innovative Creation
Employees are the most critical element to perform management based on the OMRON Principles. As employees supporting the growth of OMRON, we enjoy our work and commit to building an attractive company that accepts the challenge of creating social needs that solve social issues. The human resources strategy goal under VG2.0 is to create a strong company that fosters our people, provides an enjoyable work environment, and encourages high performance. By accelerating the growth of our people and our organization, drivers of innovation at OMRON, we raise our ability to create social needs. We have defined three key global initiatives to accomplish this goal:
Corresponding SDGs
   Key Global Initiatives
Foster leaders who will drive management and business
Hire, train, and make effective use of a diverse employee base Encourage self-motivated employees
These key global initiatives are tied closely to the OMRON Principles. In particular, we would like to foster leaders who drive management and business. These are people who look at society from a future-oriented perspective, who always think and act in pursuit of the true issues, who declare and pursue high goals, and who act with integrity at all times, no matter what the business environment. These are all examples of living values that reflect the OMRON Principles. OMRON engages in three unique processes to place our human resources strategy in position to raise the ability of all employees to practice the OMRON Principles. These processes strengthen the OMRON Principles by creating understanding and general awareness, encouraging empathy and resonance, and incorporating monitoring and improvement activities. The first process is to create an understanding and general awareness of the OMRON Principles internally. Here, management engages directly with employees through dialogues to further employee understanding and inspire employees to demonstrate leadership in practicing the OMRON Principles.
The second process is to share examples of employees putting the OMRON Principles into action to encourage empathy and resonance. A major part of this process is the OMRON Global Awards (TOGA), which we have held every year since fiscal 2012. We recognize the outstanding efforts of employees that lead directly to solving social issues, which inspires others to see ways to practice the OMRON Principles in their own sphere.
Executive Officer,
General Manager, Global Human Resource Strategy Department,
Virendra Shelar
 VOICE
Understand, make generally aware
Management Messages, Dialogues by
Chairman and CEO
Empathy, resonance
The third process is VOICE*, an engagement survey to monitor issues identified directly through employee input, which we then use to improve management issues.
Through these processes, we raise the ability of employees to put the OMRON Principles into practice, leveraging and accelerating Diversity & Inclusion as the source of Innovation, enjoying our work while striving to build an attractive company that creates social needs.
*VOICE:
VG OMRON Interactive Communication with Employees
 Monitor, Improve
Practicing the OMRON Principles
Workplace Dialogue, TOGA
 61
Vision StrategyBusinessGovernance Financial Info Corporate Info
Linking Direct Input by Employees to Solving Social Issues
OMRON implemented the VOICE engagement survey in 2016 for management to listen directly to feedback from our global workforce. This is an initiative for OMRON management to ensure sustainable growth, measuring the attractiveness of OMRON as a workplace, understanding and identifying management issues, and taking action to solve those issues. Based on VOICE results, management engages in discussions and continues to conduct reforms to make OMRON a more attractive company in which to work.
Based on results from the previous year, OMRON adopted and further strengthened our global communications infrastructure during fiscal 2018. We also revised IT systems and engaged in other operations process innovations during the year. In response to the expectations of our highly motivated employees in Japan who are ready for new challenges, we worked to create an environment and mechanisms to provide for a diverse range of opportunities. As one example, we introduced a system for recruiting employees to existing openings in other departments. We also created an application system, providing employees with opportunities to advertise their talents and challenge themselves at new jobs. In addition to collecting and scoring data, OMRON solicits free-form comments from employees directly. Based on these comments, management identifies true needs and formulates next steps. OMRON will continue to use VOICE results as a basis to further improve management decision-making speed, to strengthen our communication as an organization, and to identify other important issues that spur management discussions and reforms.
  Fiscal 2018 VOICE Results (Summary)
Response Rate
Willis Towers Watson Evaluation of Affirmative Responses: Healthy (70-80%), Requires Support/Progress (50-70%), Requires Improvement (less than 50%)
Practice of Integrity,
75 Ethics %
      84
77
Acceptance, Empathy With the OMRON Principles and Medium-Term Management Plan
%
%The Contributions of Each Individual Create an Ideal Workplace
~Aiming for Effective, Open Communications~
Statistics from OMRON’s fiscal 2017 VOICE results for diversity and mutual respect in the Asia Pacific region indicated that employees want more effective, open communications. The most common issue identified is that the efforts of management in the spirit of the OMRON Principles to incorporate diverse employee views and opinions is not being communicated to employees sufficiently. With employees working in nine countries throughout the Asia Pacific region, we came to believe that unconscious attitudes and behavior particular to each cultural background could negatively impact employee motivation and the workplace environment.
Therefore, OMRON implemented a training program emphasizing diversity
and acceptance of all employees. We held this training twice in Singapore
during fiscal 2018, attended by 43 senior managers. The training defined the
concepts of workplace diversity, unconscious attitudes and behaviors, and
micro behaviors (split-second behaviors demonstrating a person’s emotions). Training delved deeper into examples of these behaviors, helping attendees reflect on their own stereotypes and unconscious attitudes. Finally, attendees discussed how these stereotypes and attitudes could hinder respect for diversity in the workplace and have a negative impact on business.
The scope of these training activities has been expanded to include employees. Here, participants are learning how to build workplace environments that are accepting of diversity. In fiscal 2019, we will accelerate Diversity & Inclusion through activities over wide OMRON.
 OMRON MANAGEMENT CENTER OF ASIA PACIFIC
Newton Giraud
62