Review of Operations
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
   Bearing Business
Our bearing products are used in rotating parts for all industries, from cars to industrial machinery, and are working in the background to support society.
In the automotive field, we will respond to electrification and autonomous driving trends while in the industrial machinery field we will develop solution proposal-type businesses and offer value and service throughout the lifecycle of products.
Through these activities, we will contribute to the realization of a better society from the perspective of energy- saving and social infrastructure.
• Contributing to reduced energy loss in all fields by better low-torque technology and supporting electrification
• Contributing to energy loss reduction through downsizing and lightweight technologies
• Supporting industrial advancement and helping to maintain / improve abundant life environ- ments for people by making proposals to the global market that foresee needs
Katsumi Yamamoto General Chief of Bearing Business Unit
Solutions for social issues (from the perspective of the SDGs)
Medium-term policies
Productivity improvements
• Reduce lead times and costs by establishing a new construction method • Promote unmanned operation through thorough automation
Strengthen global production system
• Further increase production capacity in developing countries in Eastern Europe, China, and India
New product launches
• Development of products corresponding to the electrification of automobiles (ball screws*3 for electric brakes)
• Product development (new materials, special environments) corresponding to various operation environments in the industrial machinery field
New business development
• Expand unit product, magnetic bearings*5 system businesses
3. High-precision, compact, and lightweight ball screws that enable fine braking control
4. Long-life bearings using new materials
5. A bearing that supports the rotating object through magnetic levitation
 Description of business
Development and manufacturing of bearings for vehicles such as powertrains, chassis-related parts, and bearings for all industrial machinery, ranging from bearings for unit products and precision machinery to super-sized bearings for tunnel boring machines
   Value created in fiscal 2018
Advance of automation and unmanned operation
• In anticipation of needs within a declining workforce, we are expanding automated and unmanned lines utilizing automated appearance inspections, conveyance, and packaging as well as IoT.
Business structure enhancements
• Going forward, we will enhance our global production system and production capabilities in China, India, and other countries where the market is expected to grow.
Introduction of new products and technologies
• We will introduce high-speed single ball bearings (SBBs)*1 for motors, new materials, and bearings for special environments leveraging technologies accumulated up to now.
Ball screws for electric brakes
    Single ball bearing for high-speed rotation
Lightweight, low-torque hub unit
Ratio of sales by industry
Fiscal 2018
Automotive
NK bearing*4
    1. A type of rolling bearing that separates moving parts of bearings using a single row of balls
Control-type magnetic bearing
   Focus
Contributing to automated operation of sensing hub units that monitor the driving environment
To facilitate autonomous driving, high levels of “cognition,” “judgment,” and “operation” are required. JTEKT aims to develop a system that uses a hub unit as a sensor to ascertain road surface changes and abnormalities and failures that occur in vehicles. We will continue efforts toward the resolution of social issues by realizing highly accurate vehicle controls and the early detection of abnormalities and failures using sensing hubs*6.
6. A hub unit that supports vehicles from their wheels with a built-in sensor that detects road surface conditions
 Global Topics Enhancing hub unit
production systems
From fiscal 2019 onward, we will promote production system enhancements, and in Europe we will add a facility in Romania as a second production site. Additionally, we will attempt to increase production capacity in the ASEAN region, where we aim to establish a facility in addition to Indonesia and another facility in India as a second production site. We will engage in enhancements in each region to accelerate the steady achievement of growth and development.
Existing facilities New facilitiesNet sales and operating income ratio
Ratio of sales by product
(Billions of yen) 500
400 300 200 100
(%) 5
4 3 2 1
Net sales
Operating income ratio
Needle roller bearing
Single ball bearing
Strengths
Low-torque technologies
Fiscal 2018
Tapered roller bearing
Hub unit
Other
Aftermarket
Industrial machinery
               00 (FY ) ’16 ’17 ’18
Business environment analysis
(Automotive bearing) Acceleration of product development
Product release considering advancement of electrification and autonomous driving needs surrounding changes to cars
(Industrial machine bearings) Further diversification of the environments in which bearings are used
Timely development and market release of products, technologies, and services respond- ing to further sophistication of robots and automation
Overwhelming low-torque*2 technology represented by the LFT (Low Friction Torque) series
Broad product lineup
Responding to a wide-variety of industrial machine applications
2. Objects may be moved with low torque (equivalent to low friction)
Technique for testing and analysis
Enables testing and analysis in an environment closely resembling actual cars at the Iga Proving Ground or actual machines at the Large Size Bearing Engineering Development Center
JTEKT Group strengths
The ability to execute comprehensive development projects from our customers’ perspectives due to having both an auto parts business and machine tools business within the JTEKT Group.37 * LFT is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
38