Review of Operations
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
   Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business
Shinji Kato
General Chief of Machine Tools & Mechatronics Business Unit
We are transforming machine tools TOYODA into a monozukuri (building excellent products) innovation company.
Providing value in all phases of monozukuri and contributing to customer value enhancement with Only One technologies.
We will continue providing three growth values: customer products’ value, manufacturing, and human resources growth. To this end, we will continue our attempts to enhance TOYODA technological capabilities that have been refined, tempered, and grown on vehicle mass production lines, and contribute to developments in the global manufacturing industry.
• Enhance space productivity by making machines more compact and saving energy with smart technologies that increase energy efficiency
• Strengthen grinding machine and gear skiving with Only One technology supporting industrial bases in the clean EV era
• Contribute to the management of monozukuri running costs and the reduction of waste through- out the product lifecycle
 Description of business
Cam / crankshaft grinders and general-purpose cylindrical grinders, cutting machines, machining centers, gear skiving centers and self-manufacturing control systems, precision element components, and system equipment
Solutions required for monozukuri overall lines and overall plants are offered by specialists in the technologies and products.
Solutions for social issues (from the perspective of the SDGs)
Medium-term policies
Responses to changes in social environment and technological innovation
• Pursue new value through sensitivity to change, support the foundation of next-generation industries • Accelerate the evolution of No. 1 technology grinders and gear skiving with Only One technology,
improve product value of rolls*6, shafts, and gears
• Realize production process integration and productivity improvements by strengthening the
development of systematization and smartification
Provide value throughout the lifecycle
• Pursue total support value by strengthening connections with customers • Expand after-solution packages to improve value as well as maintenance
Contributing to the development of social production activities
• Support the growth of human resources and equipment with IoE technologies, realize smart factories where people play the leading role
• Provide production management advancing kaizen (continuous improvement) by expansion of JTEKT IoE Solution Promotion of business structural reforms
• Speedy development sensitive to changes and demands through the use of digital tools and a combination of modules
• Increase manufacturing efficiency by improving logistics, and enhance competitiveness by
strengthening our kaizen activities
6. Cylindrical rotating object for transporting sheet materials
Contributing to customers’ product improvements
Product
High innovation Miniaturization
functionality
Further growth in customers’ monozukuri through three innovations
     Value created in fiscal 2018
Response to EV-related needs
• Sales launch of gear skiving center GS200H, which can improve gear compounding performance and realize process integration; CNC cylindrical grinder GE4Pi, which enables anyone to realize high-quality roll processing using AI “Smart Face Control”; and GF16S CBN small crankshaft grinder GF16S, which can process reduction gear eccentric shafts at high speeds that will increase with EVs, exhibited at JIMTOF 2018
Response to growth areas
• Developed and launched sales of five-axis machining center FH630SX-5A equipped with a swivel spindle that enables efficient machining through process integration
Response to workforce shortages and IoE*5 needs
• We commercialized six solutions, including “Skill Up NAVI” supporting human resources growth, and enhanced the “JTEKT IoE Solution.”
1. Machine that grinds the surface of a workpiece using a rotating grinding wheel
2. Machine that cuts the surface and shape of a workpiece using a rotating tool
3. A numerically controlled machine tool with an automatic tool change function that performs different types of machining such as
GS200H
GF16S
Status management
Data collection
GE4Pi
FH630SX-5A
e-floor management
Human growth apps
Smart innovation
Promotion of monozukuri efficiency and labor saving
Management innovation
Support for human resources growth and capability maximization
Improve human capabilities
Overhaul Proposal
    Automation / Smart functions
After solution
         Used machines
Delivering value throughout the lifecycle
   We are happy Sale we chose TOYODA!
  Max utilization
Training schools
Maintenance
   milling, boring, drilling, and tapping using the same machine
4. Machine for gear skive processing using relative speeds generated by tilting and rotating tools and workpieces
5. Internet of Everything: Refers to the connecting of everything to the Internet of Things (IoT)
  Net sales and operating income ratio
Ratio of sales by product
Controllers, IoE, etc.
Battery production system
Cutting machines Machining centers Gear skiving centers
Reduction in working population
• Increased labor-saving and automation needs
Ratio of sales by industry
 Focus
Further advances in roll grinding and gear skiving machines
As a leader in grinding machines, JTEKT provides cutting-edge technologies. In Japan, we possess No. 1 & Only One technological capabilities in gear skiving machines. Taking advantage of these strengths, we will enhance our lineup of products for EVs and strengthen our system supporting the provision of battery production systems. Leveraging our strengths as a company in the machine tools field, we will contribute unique solutions to the problems of next-generation society.
   High accuracy roll
Gear skivingGlobal Topics
Exerting synergies in new
fields using our strengths
JTEKT collaborates with Group companies in the fields of batteries and semiconductors, IoE, controls and sensors, and difficult-to-cut material processing. Overseas, in the United States, China, and India, we will promote business expansion in response to local needs with local subsidiaries and partner companies.
    Semiconductor wafer
Sensor
Koyo Machine Industries Co., Ltd.
GROUP
Koyo Electronics Industries Co., Ltd.
  Koyo Thermo Systems Co., Ltd.
 (Billions of yen) 180
150 120 90 60 30
(%) 12
10
8
6
4
2
Aircraft and others Electrical / Precision
Steel and metal
General machinery
Strengths
Net sales
Operating income ratio
Fiscal 2018
Grinders
Fiscal 2018
Others / Trading companies
Vehicles
Our strengths are high accuracy grinding cultivated in automobile engine lines, Only One gear skiving with Only One technology, and processing technologies that have been refined and accumulated in the processing of steering and bearing parts.
We will innovate these strengths to meet new demand arising from changes in the social environment and technological innovations.
                 00 (FY ) ’16 ’17 ’18
Business environment analysis
Changing trends of vehicle powertrains
• Engine downsizing and increased motors and batteries
200 150 100
(Millions of people)
Labor force participation rate (%)100
50
60.0 66.48
58.1 64.04
56.7 61.49
55.5 58.80
          50 00
  39
40