        for STAKEHOLDERS
Fostering trust with stakeholders
The Pacific Industrial Group endeavors to deliver products and services that satisfy our customers, while building strong partnerships with business partners aiming at co-existence and co-prosperity based on mutual trust.
Corporate ethics and compliance
Fostering Strong Corporate Ethics
We believe that gaining the trust and sympathy of society requires each and every employee to have high ethical standards and to act with fairness and integrity. Based on this concept, the “Pacific Industrial Group Code of Conduct”, which have been revised and updated since their initial publication in 2008, are distributed to all employees to raise awareness. Overseas, all Group companies implement their own Code of Conduct reflecting local laws and customs, and carry out compliance activities appropriate to their country and region.
In the areas of raising awareness and education, in addition to training by job level and specialized training, we also provide various information to our employees on an ongoing basis, such as regular distribution of e-mail newsletters that cover familiar themes and provide in-depth explanations, in an effort to prevent fraud and misconduct.
Our Group also conducts questionnaires with each employee to determine the level of penetration of our “Code of Conduct”, identify compliance issues, and to implement improvements for the quick resolution of problems and prevention of recurrence. Furthermore, to find and correct injustices and scandals that cannot be identified through questionnaires, we have established an internal reporting
Anti-Corruption
As part of our basic anti-bribery and corruption policy, we have established “Basic Policy for Anti-Bribery and Corruption”, such as conducting due diligence on third parties such as business agents, and educating and training our employees.
Highly relevant SDGs
system that allows employees to report and consult with us by e-mail, telephone, postal mail, or in writing. For example, we have introduced an independent consultation desk, which functions as a reporting system that is independent of the normal chain of command, with outside directors and full-time audit & supervisory board members as contact points. Compliance regulations stipulate maintaining confidentiality for whistleblowers and others seeking advice, as well as prohibition of prejudicial treatment on the grounds of reporting or consultation, making the system safe to use.
* FY2020
 “Code of Conduct” self-assessment implementation rate (domestic) KPI98%
Ethics and complaints desk consultation count (Pacific Industrial)8Total serious compliance violations in Japan and overseas (Group)0Number of legal actions for anti-competitive behavior (Group)
SASB TR-AP-520a.1
 0Promoting Business Continuity Management (BCM)
The Pacific Industrial Group has a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) to minimize damage giving top priority to human life, and continue or recover our operations at an early stage in the event of a large-scale disaster or other emergency. In addition, we periodically conduct awareness programs for disaster prevention by implementing companywide disaster-management drills, participating in local early stage firefighting competitions and taking other steps to continuously make improvements on our disaster prevention (BCM).
To help combat COVID-19, we developed Action Guidelines for the Prevention of COVID-19 Infections, which includes wearing masks, general hand sanitization, daily temperature checks, and avoiding
the 3Cs: closed spaces, crowded places and close-contact settings, and are thoroughly implementing measures to prevent infectious diseases, such as raising awareness among employees. We also focus on preventing mass infections by adjusting shifts or work hours, introducing and
encouraging telework and web conferencing, etc., and deploying disinfection kits to each site for use in an emergency.
Sandbag drill
We have also developed Supplier CSR Guidelines to prevent bribery and corruption in the supply chain.
 Appropriate and Timely Information Disclosure
In addition to disclosing our corporate and financial information in an appropriate and timely manner to ensure greater transparency, we work to proactively disclose non-material information on our company websites and via other media. We held 84 meetings for analysts and institutional investors in FY2020, including holding financial results briefings when the results were announced (telephone conferences), and we responded to requests for individual meetings (web conferences) and telephone interviews. For individual investors, we promote a variety of IR activities,
including issuing shareholder newsletters, distributing e-mail newsletters to registered users, and holding our general meeting of shareholders on Saturdays.
Financial results presentation meeting using Web conferencing
 Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2021 24
  Fostering trust with stakeholders
Responsible procurement
For Fair Business Practices
We aim to achieve long-term co-existence and co-prosperity based on good partnership in compliance with the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s “ Guidelines on the Promotion of Appropriate Subcontracting Transactions”, to grow with our suppliers and ensure smooth implementation of our operations. Our views are set out in our “Basic Purchasing Policies,” which are available in the “Purchasing Information” section of our website.
We also hold company policy briefings with our major suppliers twice a year to share and discuss our policies and business issues, and have an evaluation system and recognize suppliers that demonstrated outstanding performance by presenting them with awards once a year in our effort to strengthen our partnership with them.
In recognition of these efforts, we were chosen by the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry as one of the “Twenty Cases of
Co-existence and Co-prosperity Initiatives by Local SMEs and Large Enterprises!” in July 2020.
Company policy briefing
The Pacific Glocal Association consists of 36 of our major suppliers to strengthen our management base and improve our manufacturing capabilities. We jointly conduct plant tours, safety and quality improvement activities, and study sessions. In FY2020, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, we worked to “level up” each company by way of web-based safety and quality workshops. This past August, the CSR Study Group held a session on SDGs and carbon neutrality, and confirmed respect for human rights and proper employment regarding technical interns.
In addition, we share and discuss information concerning management issues and countermeasures with our major suppliers through visits and web-based interviews, and work to inform them about public subsidies, grants, and other support information.
further inform them of the Supplier CSR Guidelines and confirm their compliance. The average compliance rate was about 94%. KPI
Going forward, we will continue to work on building responsible procurement networks by asking our suppliers to improve on any issues that have become apparent, and by strengthening communication with them and providing them with support.
   Initiatives with Suppliers
 CSR Procurement
CSR study group on carbon neutrality
  25
Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2021
We created our Supplier CSR Guidelines with the aim of promoting CSR throughout the supply chain to address social issues such as human rights issues, bad labor practices, environmental concerns, immoral behavior, and corruption. These guidelines were revised in 2020, and we ask our suppliers to further promote activities regarding compliance and anti-corruption, human rights and labor, the environment, quality and safety, information security, business continuity, and social contributions.
We investigate environment-impacting substances delivered by our suppliers using JAMA/JAPIA Standard Material Datasheets. We have also issued the “Green Procurement Guidelines” to
promote environmentally friendly procurement practices for technologies and products.
As for conflict minerals, we investigate to the end of our supply chains using the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) and Cobalt Reporting Template (CRT) published by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) as research tools.
We conducted surveys with many of our suppliers, which in total account for 80% of our total domestic procurement quantity, to
Supplier CSR Guidelines
Green Procurement Guidelines

 Improvement in customer satisfaction
Aiming to Become a No.1 Manufacturer by “Manufacturing with Persistency”
   The Pacific Industrial Group recognizes that human resource development is the very foundation of manufacturing. We are committed to passing on our manufacturing DNA and achieving
cost reductions for further evolution. We base our manufacturing practices on the Toyota Production System, and take the “go and see for yourself” approach to implement Kaizen (improvement) initiatives at all production across the entire Group. Each of our sites conducts proactive initiatives, such as self-driven award systems to
Customers First, Quality First
We uphold Jikotei Kanketsu (defect-free process completion) as our basic principle to ensure that no defects are passed along to the next process and that our customers are satisfied with our products. To establish a quality assurance system that meets global standards, quality is built into all processes starting with the preliminary design and production stage.
At the request of our major customers, in FY2020 we launched the “START” project, a global quality improvement initiative to prevent future defects. In FY2020, we conducted our first self- assessment, submitted an action program for points to improve upon, and proceeded with improvement activities.
Enhancing Customer Satisfaction
We make continuous improvements based on the information collected by our Sales Dept. and Quality Dept. from our customers, and enhance customer satisfaction so that we can meet the expectations and needs of our customers. We also hold technology exhibitions and give technical presentations in and outside Japan to introduce our new products, technologies and methods to our customers. SDGs and CO2 reduction are issues of great interest to
Awards from Customers (FY2020)
Country Site Award Given By Award Type
recognize quality improvement, or activities to transmit skills to our next generation of employees.
Last year, in the activities of the TPS-based projects conducted improvements for each process for oil pans, one of our main products.In this activity, we promoted cost reduction through thorough labor saving and quality improvement, and built a line of fewer employees that can be adaptable for future production fluctuation.
Overseas as well, our products have been highly evaluated in each country in terms of quality, cost, and delivery time, by Japanese manufacturers and overseas manufacturers alike. As a result of this global commitment to manufacturing, we received 14 global awards from our customers in FY2020. As of July of this year, we have received 12 awards.
In addition, same as FY2019, each business division conducted an SSA (Smart Standard Activity: Activities to optimize quality and performance standards) to optimize quality standards, recognizing the gap between the needs of customers (end users) and the value provided.
In addition, all our offices and plants in Japan obtained certification for ISO 9001, an international standard on quality management systems, strengthening our quality assurance system consistently applied throughout all stages from development to production.There were zero recalls throughout the globe for FY2020.
KPI SASB TR-AP-250a.1
our customers, and we are focusing on proposing products that contribute to those endeavors as well.
At the request of our customers, we participate in the CDP supplier program and were evaluated by EcoVadis, a global CSR evaluation organization for suppliers, and awarded the 2021 Bronze Medal.
Country Site Award Given By Award Type
      Japan
 Pacific Industrial
 Toyota Motor Corporation Kinuura Plant
 SSA Promotion Award
Quality
 Japan
 Pacific Industrial
 METI
 Global Niche Top 100
Overall
 Japan
 Pacific Industrial
 Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. Tochigi Plant
 2019 Supplier Award
Quality
 Japan
  Pacific Industrial
  Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
  Certificate of Quality Excellence
 Quality
Japan
Pacific Industrial
Toyota Motor Corporation
Selected as presenting company for Higashi Ogaki Plant’s “Toyota Production System Study Group” for improvement activities for entire oil pan process chain.
Cost
 Japan
 Pacific Industrial
 Gifu Prefecture, Gifu City, Gifu Invention Association
 Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology Award, 2020 Gifu Invention Exhibition
Overall
 Japan
  Pacific Industrial
  Toyota Motor Corporation
  Cost Improvement Excellence Award
 Cost
 Japan
 Pacific Industrial
 Toyota Motor Corporation
 Quality control activities Certificate of Appreciation
Quality
 Taiwan
 PVT
 Kuozui Motors
 SSA (Smart Standard Activity) Promotion Award
Quality
 USA
 SPU
 American Honda Motor
 2019 Supplier Performance Award
Quality
 USA
  SPU
  General Motors
  2019 Supplier Quality Excellence Award
 Quality
Korea
PVI
General Motors
2019 Supplier Quality Excellence Award
Quality
 Thailand
 PIT
 DAIHATSU ASIA TRADING (THAILAND)
 Cost Performance Award 2019
Cost
 China
  PTC
  GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd.
  Cost Efforts Award
 Cost
  * PVT...Pacific Valve (Taiwan) Co., Ltd., SPU...Schrader-Bridgeport International, Inc., PVI...Pacific Valve Industrial Co., Ltd., PIT...Pacific Industries (Thailand) Co., Ltd., PTC...Pacific Auto Parts Technology (Changshu) Co., Ltd.
Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2021 26

  Fostering trust with stakeholders
Local community development
    Nurturing the Next Generation
Support Room for Tomorrow
We donated a total of 1,000,000 yen and food for disaster relief for the “Support Room for Tomorrow”, a citizens’ group working to support learning for children. Donations will be used to purchase educational materials and exercise equipment, and the food will be used for meal support and dietary education in anticipation of disasters.
SDG Exploratory Learning
We participated in a joint industry, academia, and government learning program on the theme of the SDGs (three sessions in total) and exchanged opinions with third-year students at Ogaki Higashi High School. We will continue to actively exchange opinions with local communities to help solve social issues.
Pacific Satoyama Woodland
The OGAWA Science and Technology Foundation
Established by the late Soichi Ogawa, the company founder, The OGAWA Science and Technology Foundation awards grants to researchers in universities, technical colleges, high schools, and other institutions in Gifu Prefecture each year to contribute to the promotion of science and technology and the development of local industries.
In FY2020, the foundation provided grants totaling 15.32 million yen to 24 research projects. (202.79 million yen in cumulative total)
     Biodiversity
Global Environment Juku of Gifu
In collaboration with residents, industry, government, and academia, our employees give lectures on environmental issues to local elementary school students and their parents. We explained what we can do to prevent global warming and our forest activities in Pacific Satoyama Woodland.
Supporting Sports Promotion
Soft Tennis Teams
Pacific Industrial Soft Tennis Teams (Both men’s and women’s) are registered with the Japan Corporate Team League, the top league, and actively playing games in national competitions. In addition, we are striving to promote sports by volunteering to provide training to local elementary and junior high school students.
  In 2009, the Pacific Industry Group initiated various projects to learn about environmental conservation and a recycling-oriented society at the “Pacific Satoyama Woodland” in Kamiishizu-Cho, Ogaki City, Gifu Prefecture with our employees, their families and community residents. A total of 3,800 people participated in the projects with 1,665 trees planted to date.
Ogaki Minamo Softball Club
Ogaki Minamo Softball Club is operated by 11 supporting companies including our company and local governments, and belongs to the Japan Women’s Softball
League Organization. In
addition, the President has been the Chairman of the “Ogaki Minamo Softball Club Support Association” since its establishment, and is making efforts to strengthen and develop the club.
     27
Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2021

 Contributing to Local Communities Globally
Donation of a PCR Testing Car to Gifu Prefecture
In commemoration of the 90th anniversary of the founding, we donated a PCR testing car with patient transport functions to Gifu Prefecture. In addition, when COVID-19 infection spreads worldwide, we cooperate with each region globally and provide materials in short supply, such as masks for mutual support. In this way, we are actively contributing to local communities during COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, as a measure against infectious diseases, we donate the masks we produce to local communities, special needs schools, and social welfare corporations.
Traffic Safety Activities
Traffic safety activities need to be considered and done not only with our employees, but also with their families, especially elementary school children and the elderly. We distributed traffic safety textbooks received from the Toyota Mobility Foundation to the children of our employees, company alumni, and elementary schools near each plant.
Donation Activities
We make donations to support reconstruction and activities that contribute to the local community, including donations to areas affected by typhoons and floods, as well as anniversary projects for local high schools and universities. We also make donations to local governments.
   The PCR testing car with patient transport functions that was donated to Gifu Prefecture
U.S. PMO donated masks to nursing facilities for senior citizens’ facilities and non-profit organizations.
Donation of masks we produced to local communities
In thanks for China CPH’s donation of antibacterial tissue to Hunan Province, China, Hunan Province donated 80,000 masks to Ogaki City
Donation (thousands of yen)
(Fiscal year)
   2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
22,000
21,000
12,000
20,000
19,000Social Contribution Activities in Overseas CountriesNumber of social contribution activities conducted
97 cases in FY2020 (global) KPI
■ Domestic (84 cases) ■ Overseas (13 cases)
Ambulance, mask, alcohol gel donations, etc.
13 cases
Neighborhood associations and shrines
(Regional development)
20 cases
Welfare, crime prevention, greenery
32 cases
Industrial promotion 4 cases
Education, culture, arts, and sports promotion
28 cases
        Thailand PIT
Donation of alcohol gel to a local hospital
U.S PMO
Volunteer community cleanup activities by employees
Thailand PIT
South Korea PAC
Made donations and provided daily necessities to children fighting serious diseases and children from disadvantaged families
    Donated an ambulance with a local partner to commemorate the 30th anniversary of PIT founding
Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2021 28