 Foundation for Value Creation
Environment
Action on Climate Change
Basic Policy
The effects of extreme weather and climate change are intensifying and becoming more serious, and global solutions are required to mitigate climate change. Duskin is committed to contributing to solutions to help build a sustainable society through our environmental management initiatives and measures to achieve a low-carbon society.
Governance
We established the CSR Committee, which consist of the Outside Directors, the Operating Officers, and the Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Members. This committee, serving as an advisory body to the Board of Directors, studies and deliberates the basic policies and key issues associated with climate change. We also established the Quality Assurance & Environment Committee, which determines environmental policies and guidelines for the entire company, and the Environmental Liaison Committee, which manages the progress of environmental policies, as sub-organizations under the CSR Committee. This structure helps the Board of Directors to identify and monitor actual risks and opportunities, and to enhance climate change-related governance.
Strategy
Duskin positions the risks and opportunities associated with climate change as critical management issues. In order to advance information disclosure based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), we classify and study climate-related risks as risk associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy and risk associated with the physical impacts of climate change, in line with the TCFD classifications.
Contribution to SDGs
Duskin focuses on reducing greenhouse gases, with a goal of reducing CO2 emissions at least 26% compared with FY2013 by 2030 as laid out in our long-term environmental vision.
Global environment
Low-carbon society
Economy
Sustainable society
Risk Management
We conducted a provisional climate change risk assessment, using a qualitative approach to evaluate financial implications that could significantly affect our businesses. Through carefully reviewing the results, we have identified the key drivers that could have a major impact on our business continuity.
Climate change related risks
      CategoryExternal environmental changesKey driversImpact on businessFinancial impactTransition risksPolicy, legal regulations• Stronger GHG (greenhouse gas) emission regulations• Higher carbon tax rates• Higher tax costs• Higher cost of product and serviceTechnologies• Progress in energysaving technologies among competitors• Delayed development of next-generation products (developed through manufacturer tie-ups)• Lower profitsMarkets and reputation• Higher market sensitivity to climate change• Divestment (investment withdrawal) from companies that do not reduce GHG emissions• Higher GHG emission reduction initiative costs• Higher capital control and adjustment costsPhysical risksAcute• Higher average temperatures• Larger typhoons
• Higher typhoons frequency• Higher flooding frequency at plants, shops and offices; higher power outage frequency
• Procurement and logistics channel disruptions
• Increased number of employees standing by at home due to disasters• Higher recovery costs
• Lower sales until recoveryChronic• Higher sea levels
• New rainfall patterns• Higher average temperatures• Lower farm product (wheat, coffee, etc.) yields• Higher raw material costs• Higher cost of sales      Mediumto Long-Term Environmental Target
   Action on Climate Change “Contribute to building a low-carbon society”
Medium-term environmental target for 2020
CO2 emissions (Scope 3): Reduce by at least
16% compared with FY2013
CO2 emissions intensity: Reduce by at least
1% annually
Long-term environmental target for 2030
CO2 emissions (Scope 3): Reduce by at least
26% compared with FY2013
Climate change related opportunitiesCategoryExternal environmental changesKey driversImpact on businessFinancial impactOpportunitiesResource efficiency• More common use of next-generation automobiles• Lower storage battery prices• Lower total cost of vehicle maintenance• Lower expensesEnergy sources• More common use of renewable energy device and technology• Lower electricity costs• Lower product and service costsMarkets• New consumer preferences• Greater demand for environmentally responsible products• Greater demand for circular economy (recycling-oriented economy) products and services• Higher profits  Indicators and Targets
   To fulfill our responsibilities as a Japanese company, Duskin is implementing energy-saving activities throughout the entire franchise chain. In terms of Scope 3, we are working to reduce CO2 emissions with a target that is equal to or greater than the target stated by the government. At the same time, in terms of energy consumption within Scope 1 and Scope 2, we set and manage standard consumption rates (target values) every fiscal year based on the actual performance of each shops, offices and plants in steadily working to reduce the CO2 emissions that are a cause of global warming.
Future Initiatives: Scenario analysis
Duskin is reviewing these key drivers based on at least two scenarios for physical impacts and socioeconomic transition risks arising from climate change in the world from 2030 to 2050. We will quantitatively assess the potential financial impact on our businesses and develop the measures to address them.
Adopted Scenarios
• IPCC RCP 8.5 Scenario: Global average temperature rise of at least 4°C from pre-industrial levels • IPCC SR 1.5 Scenario: Global average temperature rise kept below 1.5°C
CO2 emission (t-CO2)
*Duskin Group and franchised plants
(FY)2013 (reference year)
2016
2017
2018
2019
Compared with 2013Scope 1*35,60334,48434,32433,47333,061-7.1%Scope 2*32,47127,65531,09229,85627,780-14.5%Scope 3498,991456,019395,197373,619394,036-21.0%Total567,068518,159460,614436,949454,877-19.8% 46 CORPORATE REPORT 2020
CORPORATE REPORT 2020 47

Based on our Environmental Philosophy, established in 1998, Duskin has defined our Environmental Policy as “striving to achieve the joint objective of engaging in sound business activities and environmental conservation to provide products and services that are safe, reliable, and environmentally friendly throughout each phase of their lifespan, from production to after-use.”
We engage in business activities that reduce negative impacts on the environment whenever possible as part of designing, development and selection of products and services; plant operation; distribution, sales and promotional activities; and offices, facilities and equipment.

Duskin's Direct Selling Group and Production & Logistics Group are putting environmental management initiatives into action in line with ISO 14001. Its approach is based on the concept Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA).

Based on our EMS, we conduct ongoing inspections every year and renewal inspections every three years. During FY2019, Duskin Group complied with environmental regulations.

Initial environmental training sessions are conducted as part of an educational program for our new employees. By raising environmental awareness, we strive to develop employees who work to conserve the environment throughout all their business activities.

One of the Operating Officers serves as the Chief Environmental Officer under the Environmental Management Structure, who holds the Quality Assurance & Environment Committee. The committee studies the focused areas of CSR related to the environment and makes proposals to the CSR Committee. It also studies revision drafts for regulations and rules related to the environment and makes proposals to the Board of Directors.
manufacturing plants
Customers
Delivering approximately
150 million
mops and mats annually
Collection rate of mop and mats:
100%
Collected
Duskin’s rental system
Recycled
97%
New
3%
Duskin
Shops and units
45 plants nationwide
Plants
Cement