
Duskin focuses on mutual understanding and trust-based relationships in our business practices with suppliers both domestic and overseas, based on the principle of good faith, honesty, fairness, and equal opportunity, as well as transparent transactions to comply with the social code and statutory regulations.

For the contracted plants manufacturing our products and raw materials, our Quality Assurance & Risk Management team conducts several types of inspections, including comprehensive qualification for new contractors, inspection of their production operation and periodic inspections of all contractors, as part of our efforts for continuous improvement. Our inspection specialists for food processing plants conduct extensive quality inspections, including facility management, process management, sanitary management and production management. All plants are evaluated and ranked by the results of inspections and other evaluation items. Periodic inspections are conducted regularly (one to three years) depending on the plants’ rankings. During FY2019, we conducted first-time inspections at 14 plants (including two overseas plants) and periodic inspections at 38 plants.

With the higher frequency of heavy rains, typhoons, and other extremely severe disasters in recent years, building a strong supply chain with disaster resilience has become ever more important. In preparation for the risk of temporary product supply disruptions due to damage to a Duskin product manufacturer from natural disasters, we have developed a contingency plan for the mainstay products in our dust control business, which would incur a particularly large impact.

 Sustainable Procurement
Negative impacts on the environment arising from the use of palm oil refined from oil palm fruit has been a growing concern, because the development of oil palm plantations destroys tropical rainforests. When Duskin uses these kinds of raw materials, we establish a procurement network with the partnered suppliers to ensure fair and legitimate business practices.
In addition to three international standards – namely ISO 9001 Quality Management Systems, ISO 22000 Food Safety Management Systems, and ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems, all our partner plants have obtained HACCP certification.
Apart from these initiatives, the plants also focus on hygiene and sanitation control through different initiatives on a monthly basis, such as the 5S activities: Sort,
Set-in-order, Shine, Sanitation, and Sustain discipline, as well as safety and sanitation training programs.
Furthermore, Duskin has established voluntarily imposed standards for waste-water treatment that are stricter than those set by governments. The plants collect and retain data from voluntary inspections to monitor water quality as part of their endeavors to preserve the natural environment.


To win customers’ trust, we strive to establish and ensure a complete quality control system. We pursue safe, reliable and environmentally friendly products and services grounded in our quality policy.
Duskin Quality Policy
Duskin offers various products and services from cleaning, sanitation products to food service. In our effort to ensure the quality of the products and services, we created our Quality Policy in 2009. Based on this policy, we define our quality standards and develop environmentally responsible products and services.

Quality Assurance Framework
To ensure that all our products and services are safe and reliable, we have established a quality assurance framework that covers all products from development to after launch. Our Quality Assurance & Risk Management team has two important functions: to supervise the quality control by each business line and monitor the safety and reliability of products and services; and to conduct inspections on products and services and evaluate them from the viewpoint of customers. The team also organizes the Quality Assurance & Environment Committee, consisting of Outside Directors and managers of major divisions. They hold the Committee meetings twice a year to deliberate on the guidelines of quality control and assurance, and the environment.
During the development phase, prior to launch, the safety and reliability of products and services are objectively reviewed at the development meetings. For the development of food products and services and their specification changes, internal rules require that we ensure their safety at a meeting of the Food Safety Council. Following a launch, we conduct quality checks on products in distribution.

 Initiatives for Reflecting the Voice of Our Customers
Duskin listens to the voices of customers and builds business models that flexibly respond to the shifts in lifestyles and social situations, and provides products and services that meet evolving customer needs.
Call Center Operation
The Duskin Contact Center and Mister Donut Customer Center listen to customer opinions and requests about our products and services. When receiving calls, our staff attend to each caller thankfully because we know it’s a valuable opportunity to learn their opinions and answer questions, and always strive to give a clear response to each inquiry. As we make it a rule to keep call waiting times as short as possible, staffing levels are adjusted flexibly based on statistical prediction by day and time of the week. Content of the conversations between operators and customers is promptly transferred to the person in charge of each business division to review what is needed, leading to better products and services.

Duskin products for people who are often absent from home
We frequently hear from people who are often away from home during the day that they would like to use our products. Since our foundation, we have firmly maintained the system of visiting our customers and delivering products in person. We believe we can deliver products from the heart this way and get a chance to know how customers like the products when we collect them.
  As the number of women working outside the home continues to
escalate, a new form of rental service is needed in response to
lifestyle changes. Return by Post Service is our solution, which has been launched nationwide. Our sales representatives deliver products to a customer’s mailbox, and customers
use the postal service to return used mops. This means even people who are often out during the day can use our rental service with ease.
Fan Meetings
To hear the voices of customers in person, we hold meetings such as MISDO Fan Meetings and Duskin Fan Meetings for Direct Selling Group customers. They are great opportunities for our President to give a presentation on current efforts and initiatives, and for head office and regional office staff, franchise owners and their staff to gather valuable customer feedback and requests. Based on such invaluable information, Duskin will continue providing products and services that meet customer needs and reflect their voice.

