Our activities are based on our founder’s philosophy: Let Us Sow the Seeds of Joy. This philosophy forms the core of our objectives: to serve people in their daily lives, to be of help to those who encounter us, and to grow ourselves. We always pay attention to safety and reliability at every stage of research, development, and maintenance so that our customers can use our products and services with peace in mind.

The reason why Duskin mops do not release captured dust is this: our uniquely developed mop heads are treated with adsorbent. They maintain their adsorbing effect during the regular four-week rental period, and contain antibacterial and antifungal agents to help prevent the growth of bacteria and fungi. To ensure that the treatment has no adverse effect on the human body, we have an independent third-party institute carry out safety tests on cases where the adsorbent could enter the mouth or eyes, or adhere to the skin.
Cleaning and Technical Services
When delivering services (cleaning, home helper, pest control, and regular plant and flower maintenance services), we ensure that all tools, equipment, and chemicals used by our individual staff members are safe and secure.
And to continually raise service quality, we also hold training sessions and contests for our service crews to maintain and improve their skills.

As we place food safety above all else, we have set up an extensive quality standard that encompasses all stages of food development and provision right up to the point at which our customers finally taste it. We believe doing so can ensure safety, security, and our customers’ peace of mind.
Food Safety and Reliability
Food Safety Council
Whenever we develop foods or modify their specifications, we hold a meeting of the Food Safety Council, which comprises product development departments, quality assurance departments and third-party bodies including food safety administrators, to ensure food safety. This ensures that safety is maintained in accordance with laws and ordinances, as well as company standards in all procedures and phases from verification of raw materials used, places of origin, legal compliance of additives, allergy notes, appropriateness of foreign-body removal processes, administration of residual agricultural chemicals and antibiotics, preservation test results of products and raw materials, administration of consigned manufacturing plants and distributors or warehouse operators, to handling of foods at sales locations.
A Clean Up My Town activity