Diversity and Inclusion
Empowering Women in the Workplace
To enhance our corporate value and vitality through leveraging diverse human resources, it is essential to create workplaces where women can develop and demonstrate their talents to their fullest potential. Since many of Duskin’s customers are women, women’s perspectives are essential for creating and providing products and services, and for our business growth.
Against this backdrop, Duskin developed a second action plan extending from FY2019 to FY2021 in accordance with the Act of Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. Under the plan, we have launched initiatives to support women's career development and nurture an inclusive corporate culture and work environment. Duskin has also set a numerical goal of increasing the percentage of women in managerial positions to at least 10%.

With the increase in two-income families and one-person households, there is a rapidly growing need for house cleaning and helper services. The demand for these services is expected to expand further with increasing need for daily assistance for seniors in our super-aging society.

Duskin started hiring non-Japanese employees from April 2017 after receiving approval from the Kanagawa, Osaka and Tokyo governments as a specified organization for the Project to Accept Foreigners Conducting Housekeeping Services in National Strategic Special Zones. As at end of FY2019, a total of 47 Philippine citizens were hired at 12 locations in three prefectures. These employees provide services at customers’ homes after undergoing training.

We believe it is also a social responsibility of corporations to provide employment opportunities to people with disabilities. These employment opportunities should be individually matched to the capabilities of the recruits. To provide more job opportunities at higher retention rates, we are carrying out initiatives to examine the types of jobs suitable for the different range of skills and interests of people with disabilities and to establish a structure to assist them. We continue to actively promote employment of people with disabilities, and aim to reach a ratio of employees with disabilities of 3% or more at Duskin (non-consolidated). We will play our part to create a society where everyone can live with a sense of active participation, reward, and purpose.