As a corporation and a member of local communities, we aim to be of more assistance to the communities of our customers. Duskin’s various initiatives contribute to our local communities in line with our philosophy of Sowing the Seeds of Joy.

School Education Support Activities
In recognition of Duskin’s efforts in supporting children’s education, the company received a 2019 Award of Excellence, sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, for its endeavors as an enterprise that promotes experience-based learning activities.
Sow the Seeds of Cleanliness Classroom on-site lessons
In 2012, we started the Sow the Seeds of Cleanliness Classrooms, which are on-site lessons for elementary school students. In these lessons, we help children develop their potential to learn the importance of cleaning and how to use cleaning equipment through hands-on training.
Improving Students’ Cleaning Abilities seminar for teachers
Duskin conducts seminars for schoolteachers who have asked for ways to improve their students’ abilities during cleaning times at school. Collaborating with the teachers, we have developed programs showing how cleaning routines at school can be improved and how to instruct children on cleaning.
Cleaning Activities for Local Communities
Clean Up My Town
Under its environmental slogan Sowing the Seeds of Ecological Responsibility for the Future, Duskin conducts a nationwide activity to pick up trash at local sites. Initiated in 2006, the campaign has attracted a total of 330,000 participants (as of March 31, 2020) and continues to collect trash.

Our Prevention of Special Fraud Mats assist in protecting people from special types of fraud, which are a recurring nationwide problem. In cooperation with prefectural police, we enlighten and raise the public’s awareness by proposing that our Prevention of Special Fraud Mats be placed at financial institutions. A total of more than 10,000 custom-made mats have been placed in front of automated teller machines at financial institutions and convenience stores in 45 of the prefectures and administrative divisions in Japan.
   
Basic Policy
Duskin believes that motivated and enthusiastic employees who are stimulated in their daily work are a prerequisite for our business to grow. With this idea in mind, we have programs and structures in place, including a system for promotion to permanent status that expands career opportunities for highly skilled and motivated people, and a re-employment system for mandatory retirees. We are creating an environment where employees take full advantage of their talent and experience. This policy is defined in the Duskin Code of Conduct.

Hataraki-san (employees)
All employees are referred to as Hataraki-san, which means the people who make things easy for others around them. The Hataraki-san concept incorporates the philosophy of Duskin’s Prayerful Management. Employees doing their best for others without thought of personal convenience are appreciated by others, and find a greater sense of accomplishment and fulfilment in life.

Work-Life Balance
To continue to Sow the Seeds of Joy for people and communities, Duskin believes balance between work and home life is important for the health of our employees. Accordingly, we have put various measures in place to reduce long work hours and create comfortable workplaces, aiming to keep the total work time per employee at below 1,850 hours annually.

In addition, Duskin has maintained Kurumin certification from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare since 2016,
demonstrating our commitment as an enterprise that supports our employees’ childcare.
System for promotion to permanent status
Duskin has a system for qualified non-career employees to change their paths to permanent career positions. Starting in FY2016, a new "area-specific specialist" course with limited transfers or changes within certain geographic areas was added to the permanent career category, expanding opportunities to obtain permanent career positions. In FY2018, aiming to leverage our human resources even more effectively, we improved the system that enables area-specific specialists to make course changes to the “area-specific career track” or “career track” within the permanent career category.
Re-employment system for mandatory retirees
Due to Japan’s declining birthrate and a rise in the aging population, the government is implementing initiatives to encourage senior citizens to participate in the labor market. Included in the initiatives is the hiring of people up to 70 years old to address labor shortages and increase the sustainability of the social security system. Duskin has a program in place that re-employs employees after the mandatory retirement age of 60. As a general rule, those employees are asked to continue duties in the department where they worked at the time they retired. This system leverages their experience, and enables them to both demonstrate their abilities and share their knowledge.
In FY2019, we rehired 69 employees who reached mandatory retirement age. Accompanying revisions to the Duskin pension plan in FY2019, we increased the base salary for rehired employees to increase their motivation and create an environment that encourages staff retention.

