Personnel Training
Education and Training Programs
Duskin offers various types of education and training to develop personnel to fully understand the philosophy of Prayerful Management and reflect it in their daily business practices. We conduct level-specific training for employees, including new hires, to teach the knowledge and skills required to effectively perform their duties; we also focus on training Area Managers, who support our franchise owners and energize the franchise network. In addition, we encourage employees to develop themselves through attaining publicly recognized qualifications and taking correspondence courses.
With the aim of improving the abilities of managers of each franchise business brand and their Area Managers, we are working to expand expertise and perspectives on franchise business management by providing opportunities to attend training programs sponsored by the Japan Franchise Association. In FY2019, a total of 11,553 individuals participated in various training programs in an effort to strengthen their knowledge and skills.

Commitment to our Management Philosophy, Prayerful Management
In 2016, Duskin established the Institute of Prayerful Management to incorporate our management philosophy into our everyday work activities and responsibilities. We focus on study sessions by lecturers from the institute as well as mini-lessons by Business Development Managers across the nation during regular meetings. The institute also publishes newsletters to share information and supports self-education via e-learning.
Supporting Franchise Personnel Training
Duskin School
Duskin School is a training center —mainly for Direct Selling Group— that provides comprehensive training which ranges from management philosophy to operational knowhow for franchise owners, managers and staff nationwide. Duskin School provides opportunities to acquire knowledge and skills through its highly experienced instructors, extensive training curriculum, and fully equipped facilities. In FY2019, 349 individuals participated in business-division-specific training courses, amounting to annual training time of 19,025 hours.

Mister Donut College was established out of our founder’s faith; as Seiichi Suzuki said, “Our people are intangible assets we must nurture with our hands.” Based on this faith and guidance, the facility was founded even before we started franchising the business. To develop first-class business people in the food industry, we have put together a unique training system in a manual. In addition to donut production and customer service, the trainees learn about the philosophy of Mister Donut and the best attitude for serving our customers. In FY2019, 950 individuals took this training course, amounting to annual training time of 15,928 hours.
Health-Focused Management
Certified as Health and Productivity Management Organization 2020
Duskin was certified as Health and Productivity Management Organization 2020 in February 2020 for the fourth consecutive year. Duskin is raising health awareness among employees by pursuing health-focused management through the Duskin Declaration of Health-Focused Management. Looking ahead, we will continue to maintain and improve the well-being of employees and their families in cooperation with the health insurance society and the labor union.