CANON
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020
– An Integrated Report for Realizing Kyosei –
   
               01 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

  Under the corporate philosophy “kyosei,” we are stronger and deeper with stakeholders
 Employees Suppliers
Local Communities
 Shareholders/ Investors
Customers
NGOs/ NPOs
Educational/ Research Institutions
Corporate Philosophy
Kyosei
Following half a century of operations, Canon adopted kyosei as its corporate philosophy
in 1988, expressing clearly the company’s firm commitment
to working together with stakeholders around the world.
Kyosei is the aspiration to create a society in which all people, regardless of race, language or culture, harmoniously live and work together for the common good into the future. Canon is pursuing the realization of a sustainable global society
based on the philosophy of kyosei.
Other Companies
National/ Local Governments
Embassies/ Foreign Governments
 Injecting Excitement into Rugby World Cup 2019 (TM) as an Official Sponsor
Canon supported Rugby World Cup 2019 (TM) as an official sponsor. Rugby is a sport that develops human capabilities such as respect, dignity, resolution, passion, and discipline. In this way, it resonates with the concept of “Respect for humanity” promoted as Canon’s management philosophy, and the event proved to be a resounding success.
 Canon Sustainability Report 2020 02

About this Report
Editorial Policy
This report is designed to help various stakeholders understand Canon’s activities. In addition to information on our corporate performance, financial status, and initiatives in the field of ESG (Environmental, Social and corporate Governance), it contains a wide range of information required for integrated reporting.
This year’s report presents topics such as value creation process, the history of value creation, examples of value creation, 2019 business results, and materiality- based initiatives.
Finally, this report is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards Core option and with reference to the disclosure items recommended by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Additional financial information is available in the CANON ANNUAL REPORT 2019.
(Ref.) CANON ANNUAL REPORT 2019 https://global.canon/en/ir/library/annual.html
Scope of the Report and Period Covered
In principle, this report covers Canon’s economic, social and environmental activities within the scope of consolidated accounting for 2019 (January 1 to December 31, 2019). The scope of environmental reporting is not limited to activities (development, production, and sales) at operational sites. Rather, it covers every stage of the product lifecycle, including raw materials and parts manufacturing by suppliers, as well as product use by customers. Supplemental information on important targets, indicators, and initiatives prior to and beyond 2019 is referenced in this report. Information specific to a region or organization is indicated as such.
Target of the Report
Data from 361 companies (58 companies in Japan and 303 overseas) that are consolidated companies of the Canon Group have been compiled and reported.
Date of Publication
July 2020 (previous: May 2019, next planned: May 2021)
Referenced Reporting Guidelines
• GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) Sustainability Reporting Standards 2016
• Ministry of the Environment, Japan “Environmental Reporting Guidelines (2018 Edition)”
• Ministry of the Environment, Japan “Environmental Accounting Guidelines (2005 Edition)”
Comparative tables for GRI Standards can be found online at the following URL. The relevant GRI Standards disclosure items for each management approach used in activities based on management strategy are listed and illustrated with the icons shown below.
GRI disclosure item icon example GRI102-11
(Ref.) Comparative table for GRI Standards (to be published in July): https://global.canon/en/csr/search/gri.html
Disclosed Data
Disclosed data has been revised to reflect changes in calculation methods and the expanded scope of sites covered. Accordingly, some data in this report differ from previously disclosed data.
Notation
“Canon” refers to all companies in the Canon Group including Canon Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, while “Canon Inc.” indicates the non-consolidated parent company. Employees refers to full-time employees and also includes part-time workers. In addition, “Europe” refers to the region including Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.
Third-Party Opinion and Third-Party Assurance
Canon received a third-party opinion (→P131) from Justus von Geibler (D.Phil.) of the Wuppertal Institute and Judy Kuszewski of Sancroft International, which is helping to improve ongoing CSR initiatives as part of the company’s stakeholder engagement activities. Furthermore, a third- party assurance (→P134) from Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Limited (LRQA) has been obtained for GHG emissions, energy consumption and water consumption data for 2019.
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains not only past and present facts about Canon, but also forward-looking statements based on plans, prospects, management policies and strategies as of the publication date. These forward-looking statements are assumptions or estimations based on information available at the time the report was prepared. Due to a range of variables, however, the results or circumstances of future business activities may vary from the forecasts contained herein.
Contact us
TEL: (81) 3-3758-2111
E-mail: susrepo@mail.canon
Website: https://global.canon/en/csr/
 03 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

Contents
AboutthisReport.................................. 03
MessagefromtheCEO............................. 05
Overview of Canon AHistoryofValueCreation....................... 09 ValueCreationProcess........................... 11 MaterialityandSDGs............................. 13 Examples of Initiatives to Realize
theKyosei Philosophy ........................... 19
CASE 1: Creating Environmental Value through ProductLifeCycle...................... 19
CASE 2: Intellectual Property (IP) Activities: Promoting Continuous Growth
TogetherwithBusiness................ 21 StakeholderEngagement ........................ 23 Financial and Non-financial Highlights . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Activities Based on Management Strategy
Evolution of Business Plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27 Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues. . . . . . . 29 Protecting and Conserving
the Environment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37 Responding to People and Society as
a Good Corporate Citizen . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Human Rights and Labor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61 ProductResponsibility.......................... 75 SocialContribution............................. 83
Business Strategy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87
Canon Group’s System for Sharing CSR Information
Management Foundation
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, andExecutiveOfficers............................ 95 CorporateGovernance........................... 97 RiskManagement ............................... 102 IntellectualPropertyManagement................ 108 BrandManagement ............................. 110 CSRManagement ............................... 111 SupplyChainManagement....................... 113
DataSummary..................................... 118
Major Awards, Citations, and
AssociationMemberships .......................... 129
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance Third-PartyOpinion.............................. 131 Third-PartyAssurance............................ 134
CanonGroupDirectory............................. 136
 Every year Canon publishes a Japanese- and English-language version of its Canon Sustainability Report covering the Canon Group’s CSR activities. More detailed information is released in a timely manner on Canon’s website and Instagram. Additionally, each Canon Group company around the world shares information tailored to the region through websites and various reports.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 (This publication)
Website on CSR https://global.canon/en/csr/
Company Overview
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 136
     Canon Marketing Japan’s website on CSR and CSR report (Japanese website only) https://cweb.canon.jp/csr/
CANON
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020 – An Integrated Report for Realizing Kyosei –
1
23
Website on the environment https://global.canon/en/ environment/
  Canon China’s website on sustainability and the environment https://www.canon.com.cn/csr/
Canon Europe’s website on sustainability https://www.canon-europe.com/ sustainability/
    Canon Australia and Canon New Zealand’s website for sustainability and the environment and sustainability report https://www.canon.com.au/ about-canon/sustainability
Canon’s official CSR activities Instagram account @canon_csr https://www.instagram.com/ canon_csr/
  On the cover
1 The MRI System “Vantage GalanTM 3T” of Canon Medical Systems operating in Saitama City Hospital
2 A nesting box by the Canon Bird Branch Project uses a bird to symbolize the circle of life (Canon Ecology Industry). 3 Assembly training by local trainers at Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand)
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 04
CANON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020

Message from the CEO
 From a foundation of respect for humanity and the environment based on the corporate philosophy of kyosei, staying focused on quicker implementation of its strategic transformation, Canon is working to be a source of innovation to help address societal issues.
Canon’s Strategic Transformation
Human prosperity is the result of economic development and technological innovation. In recent years, the twin forces of globalization and digitalization have elevated lifestyles to new levels of convenience and affluence. However, the flipside of this is the emergence of several global societal issues that grow in severity each year, including economic inequality, resource depletion and environmental issues. Innovation is needed to create solutions for these varied and complex societal issues.
Against the backdrop of these societal demands, we are looking to broaden Canon’s business
operations to include the domains of Consumer, Office, Industrial, and Social (relating to human safety and security).
Since Canon’s foundation in 1937, business has grown consistently over time as we utilized innovation to address societal needs, based on the Enterprising Spirit we inherited as part of our corporate DNA. In Canon’s early years, we enriched the lives of people with cameras. In Japan’s period of rapid economic growth, we increased office productivity using copiers and supported growth in the electronics industry with the development of semiconductor production equipment. We have also helped create the information society with a range of
05 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
digital products based on advanced IT.
Looking ahead, alongside these businesses, we
aim to supply value-added products and services to help realize a society in which people around the world can live in safety and comfort.
With this aim, in line with the basic policy of “embracing the challenge of new growth through a grand strategic transformation,” under Phase V of the Excellent Global Corporation Plan, a five-year business initiative that we initiated in 2016, we have pursued an active M&A strategy and transformed Canon’s business portfolio.
We continue to reinforce and expand operations in four areas of business: healthcare, to support human health by helping to develop advanced treatments that use the latest technology; commercial printing, notably low-volume, fast-turnaround printing jobs for promotional catalogs, direct mail and other printed materials; industrial equipment to support technical innovation in areas such as IoT, AI and robotics; and network cameras, which help to address safety needs.
Healthcare IT of Canon Medical Systems
Key Challenges for 2020
We experienced a challenging year at Canon in 2019 due to harsher business conditions. Global economic growth was sluggish due to Sino-US trade friction and the impact of slower Chinese economic growth. Demand for our cameras and printers continued to fall amid further adoption of smartphones, and our industrial equipment business experienced a protracted downturn in investment related to semiconductors and small- and medium-sized display panels.
Global conditions are likely to stay uncertain in 2020, the final year of Phase V of the Excellent Global Corporation Plan. We expect further uncertainty caused by Sino-US trade friction, Britain leaving the EU, and geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, among other factors.
In line with our basic policy of “speeding up and completing the grand strategic transformation,” we are focusing on four key challenges so we finish Phase V with a well-constructed, robust business platform.
The first challenge is “strengthening our existing businesses,” such as cameras and printers. Besides seeking to maintain and grow market share by continually reinforcing the appeal of Canon products, we also plan to develop advanced solutions through partnerships with other companies.
The second is “expanding our new businesses.” Sales generated by the four businesses of healthcare, commercial printing, industrial equipment, and network cameras already account for 25% of the consolidated total. We are targeting rapid growth through strategic M&A and a program to realize significant cuts in production costs. We are also utilizing open innovation platforms to promote active collaboration with universities and other research institutions worldwide. Two initiatives from our new businesses that we aim to commercialize in the near future are the Free Viewpoint Video System and the space-related operations of Canon Electronics,
a group company.
 Canon Sustainability Report 2020 06

Message from the CEO
Total net sales and new business composition
Canon’s first president, Takeshi Mitarai, set out the principle of “creating a company whose employees could live full and happy lives.” Besides instituting people-oriented remuneration and HR systems, we have cultivated a dynamic culture based on a code of conduct expressed in the San-ji Spirit (“Three Selfs”: self-motivation, self-management, and self-awareness).
In 1988, the company’s 51st anniversary, our people-first management principle evolved into the globally-minded corporate philosophy of kyosei. Kyosei is the aspiration to create a society in which all people, regardless of race, language or culture, harmoniously live and work together for the common good into the future. Based on this philosophy, we are developing various initiatives such as promotion of diversity to ensure working environments across the Canon Group enable individual employees to find personal growth as the business expands. At the same time, while seeking to build good relationships with suppliers, customers and our other stakeholders, as well as communities at local, regional, and national levels, we are striving to address wide-ranging societal issues through incremental improvements to CSR initiatives across the supply chain.
At Canon, we have always taken a progressive stance to building a harmonious relationship with the natural environment. We were a global pioneer in 1990 with our introduction of systems to collect and recycle toner cartridges. Today, it is no exaggeration to say that humanity is facing an environmental crisis. Companies are working to address environmental issues as a priority, and we see this mission as part of Canon’s responsibility as a global enterprise. We will continue to find ways to address these issues over the entire product lifecycle.
■ Existing businesses ■ (Billions of yen)
New businesses
4,080.0 3,951.9
 4,000 3,800.3 9%
3,401.5 22% 12%
2016 2017
3,593.3
23%
25%
2018 2019
 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
     07 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
2015
(Year)
The third is “pushing structural reorganization.” The aim is to reallocate human and other resources from existing businesses, as appropriate, to new areas of business with increased growth potential.
The fourth is “boosting productivity.” By introducing IoT, AI and other cutting-edge technologies, we plan to use more automated assembly for high mix, short-run production, while also extending automation to include processes such as testing and inspection. At the same time, we will strive to keep production in-house wherever possible, and not simply for core components.
These kinds of initiatives will help us to address societal issues and add value using innovation.
Towards the Realization of Kyosei Although we are in the midst of a grand transformation, some things at Canon are and will remain unchanged—such as our people-first management philosophy.

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Canon Automated Recycling System for Toner Cartridges (CARS-T)
At the same time, in developing global business, we have sought to manage our operations in line with local customs and cultural norms to help develop alongside countries and regions in which we operate while also seeking to address societal issues. We recycle some of the profits we gain from our business activities into various social contribution activities at the national and local level. This includes humanitarian and disaster relief, educational grant programs and sponsorship of arts, cultural, and sporting events.
Canon India carries out multifaceted support activities through the 4E’s Project
Our goal of realizing kyosei is also aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that the United Nations adopted in 2015.
The concept of kyosei is the foundation for our three materiality themes of “Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues,” “Protecting and Conserving the Environment” and “Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen.” Going forward, as we maintain close communication with customers and stakeholders, we at Canon will put all our efforts into helping to realize a better society by addressing various issues facing the world. To that end, we will reinforce our focus on achieving a grand strategic transformation while also seeking to stimulate growth and create new value and striving to make a lasting contribution through technology, so that Canon may remain a company that is admired and respected by people worldwide.
In closing, I humbly ask for your continued support.
Fujio Mitarai
Chairman & CEO Canon Inc.
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 08

A History of Value Creation
Since its founding in 1937, Canon has grown by creating value through continuous self-transformation to meet the needs of society in every era.
  • Creating products and services that meet society’s expectation through new tech- nologies and staying ahead of the times
Social and Environmental Value
• Helping more people enjoy richer lives
• Constant pursuit of excellence in environmental, quality, cost, and delivery performance
 1960S 1970S Societal Issues and Global Trends
1961 1970
Launch of Canonet Launch of Japan’s first domestically
A low-priced model with internal automatic produced plain-paper copier (PPC) exposure mechanism rapidly became a hit Successfully commercialized a plain-paper product. Helped to popularize photography copier that did not use the patent of US
1980S
    1964
Xerox Corporation. Contributed to the advance of office automation
NP-1100
1970
Launch of Japan’s first domestically produced semiconductor lithography equipment
Using its camera lens technology, succeeded in commercializing a stepper. Subsequent contributions to the development of semiconductor devices included the world’s first sub-micron level print line width
Launch of Canola 130, the world’s first 10-key electronic calculator
This model condensed the previous format with 10 keys for each number column into a single 10-key format. The 10-key format goes on to become the de facto standard
Consolidated Net Sales
■■ Japan ■■ Americas ■■ Europe ■■ Asia and Oceania ■■ Overseas*
* Net sales fifigures outside Japan prior to 1971 consolidated in “Overseas” category.
PPC-1
       High economic growth
 Advance of electronics technology
Development of Products and Businesses
  1984
Launch of world’s smallest, lightest laser printer
Contributed to the realization of desktop publishing, followed by the rapid spread of laser printers
LBP-8
1985
Launch of the world’s first inkjet printer using Bubble Jet technology Subsequently developed superior miniaturization and color printing technologies, leading to the popularization of high-resolution, full-color printing at home
BJ-80
1987
Launch of CLC-1, the world’s first digital full-color copying machine
In an era dominated by monochrome copying, realized high-resolution, full-color copying, marking the start of a new era
CLC-1
            1937.....................................................1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989
09 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
    
 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
             1990S 2000 2010
(B(ill億ion円s)ofyen) 44,00,000
Asia and Oceania
¥809.2 billion (22.5%)
33,00,000
Europe
¥882.5 billion (24.6%)
22,00,000
Americas
¥1,029.1billion (28.6%)
11,00,000
Japan
¥872.5 billion (24.3%)
  Digitalization and networking technology advanced with the development of IT
Increasing environmental awareness
S
Economic Value
Total Net Sales (2019) ¥3,593.3billion
S
      Adoption and expansion of AI and IoT
        1990
Start of toner cartridge recycling program
Quickly recognizing the large volume of consumed cartridges as an issue for companies, started a recycling program
1999
Developed and manufactured a corrector for the Subaru Telescope
Enabled cosmic observation over a wide field and expedited research aimed at illuminating the origins of space
Subaru Telescope (USA Hawaii)
2000
Launch of iR series new-generation network MFDs
Realized seamless linking of input and output of paper and digital documents and enabled digitization of paper documents and output from remote locations
2000
Launch of PowerShot S100 DIGITAL ELPH (DIGITAL IXUS in other regions), the world’s smallest, lightest digital compact camera
A high-image-quality digital camera that was stylish and easy to carry became a hit product
2007
Expansion of industrial equipment business
Canon Tokki (formerly Tokki) joined the Group. Contributed to spread of devices using OLED displays through successful realization of OLED panel manufacturing equipment in the 2010s
2010
Expansion of digital commercial printing business
Canon Production Printing (formerly Océ) joined the Group. Promoted advanced digital printing that doesn’t require plates
2011
Launch of Cinema EOS System
New possibilities in visual expression for the motion picture production industry
2015
Strengthening of network camera field
Leading global company Axis Communications joined the Group. Expanded Canon’s presence in the field of public security
2016
Expansion of the medical business
Canon Medical Systems (formerly Toshiba Medical Systems) joined the Group. Expanded businesses that serve patients and medical institutions
2018
Opened the Canon Eco Technology Park, an automated recycling plant
Developed as a site for communicating environmental activities. The plant, designed for recycling MFDs and toner cartridges in a clean environment, includes experiential showroom
                                                                                 PhaPshealse l PhaPshealsl e ll PhaPshealslle lll PhaPsheaIsVe IV
   Phase l
hase l
P
Phase ll
hase ll
P
Phase
hase lll
lll
P
Phase
hase IV
IV
PhaPsheaVse V
P
Phase V
hase V
00
 1990191990919199192191992931919939419199495191995961919969719199798191998991929090020200012020010202002032020030420200405202005062020060720200708202008092020091020210112021011202102132021031420210415202105162021061720210718202108192019
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 10
                            Excellent Global Corporation Plan →P27-28 “Evolution of Business Plans”
Total optimization
Increased competitiveness
Reinforcing existing
Enhancing growth
New growth through a
「全体最適」と
製品デジタル化推進
現行事業の強化、
新しい成長力と
戦略的大転換と
and profitability
「利益優先」 による競争力強化 新規in事to業ne拡w大areas ものづくcりap力abのilit確ies保 新たtrなanるsfo成rm長ation
19 9 619–9260–020000
through digitalization
20 0210–0210–025005 20 0260–0260–120010 20112–021011–25015 20162–021062–20020
businesses and expanding
and manufacturing
grand strategic
  P
     
  11
Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Value Creation Process
The Canon Group has built its business over the years based on the philosophy of kyosei and inherited corporate DNA comprising deep Respect for Humanity, an Emphasis on Technology, and Enterprising Spirit. We have continued to grow as we anticipate social changes and effectively utilize our various resources, which include strong finances, a talented workforce and advanced technical capabilities. Good corporate governance has also been a key factor.
Under its Excellent Global Corporation Plan, a series of five-year initiatives, Canon focuses on creating unique technology and ensuring business activities which are aligned with changing needs, while targeting faster progress in each business unit. The plan focuses especially on the three material themes of “Creating new value and solving social issues,” “Protecting and conserving the environment,” and “Responding to people and society as a good corporate citizen.”
The value created through this process forms the foundation of our efforts to support the economy, the environment and society while realizing SDGs. Furthermore, by engineering this cycle of value, Canon reconfirms its role within a rapidly evolving society, enabling it to continuously grow and change, thus increasing our ability to make a difference.
  Societal trends
• Advancement of technology and efficiency requirements
• Population growth and aging
• Diversification of safety and security needs
• Increasing awareness of social and
Corporate governance
Materiality
• Creating new value and solving social issues (→P15, P29-36)
• Protecting and conserving the environment (→P16-17, P37-60)
• Responding to people and society as a good corporate citizen (→P18, P61-86)
environmental issues
- Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) - Climate change
- Resource constraints
- Sustainable supply chains
• Corporate Governance Structure (→P97-101)
• Risk Management (→P102-107)
Corporate DNA
• Respect for humanity
• Emphasis on technology
• Enterprising spirit
kyosei
development
• Extensive work force
• Strong technological skills
Resources
• Strong financial base
• Global business
 Corporate philosophy:

                          Contributing to
achievement of Economic, SDGs
Environmental & Social Contribution
Realizing
kyosei
         Business Units
• Office (→P87-88)
• Imaging System (→P89-90)
• Medical System (→P91-92)
• Industry and Others (→P93-94)
• Creating a safe and secure society (→P31-32)
• Expanding medical equipment business to help improve medical care (→P33-34)
• Contributing to economic growth through industrial innovation (→P35-36) • Realizing a low-carbon society (→P47-50)
• Realizing a circular economy (→P51-55)
• Ensuring respect for human rights in the workplace (→P61-74)
• Ensuring product safety and improving usability (→P75-82)
• Promoting sustainable development of local communities (→P83-86)
  Engineer a cycle of value
• Feedback toward society and Canon Group
• Reaffirming our role
• Further contribution through
transforming ourselves
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 12

Materiality and SDGs
3 Materiality Themes
Materiality identification uses a three-step process at Canon, as outlined below.
<STEP 1>
About 70 potential materiality issues were proposed, based on comparing Canon’s initiatives and various business activities consistent with medium- to long- term business plans to date against the GRI Standards for sustainability reporting, other CSR-related metrics and wider social expectations of corporations.
<STEP 2>
We surveyed, via questionnaire, such stakeholders as consumers, NPOs, community groups, investors, analysts, suppliers, universities, research institutions and government bodies on the contribution expected of Canon.
<STEP 3>
The survey results showed many respondents gave high marks to initiatives contributing to “Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues” and “Protecting and Conserving the Environment.” The two were confirmed as materiality themes. The survey also pointed to “Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen” as a third key theme supporting the others. After review by the CSR-related departments, these three materiality themes were given final approval by management.
Note that, with items related to “Protecting and Conserving the Environment,” we used the survey to identify materiality issues at the topic level, as stipulated in the GRI Standards (→P37).
   1Potential issues identified
• About 70 topics chosen, based on comparing business activities against GRI Standards for sustainability reporting and other CSR- related metrics
STEP
3 Materiality Themes and Results of Stakeholder Survey
Identified materiality issue
Questionnaire items (extract)
Level of expectations*
Refer to page
 Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues
 ■ Supporting health and disease prevention
■ Developing photography/imaging-related products
and technology
■ Security technologies that support a safe and secure
society
■ Productivity-improvement technology
  ★★★★★
  P29-36
  Protecting and Conserving the Environment
■ Reuse and recycling of used products
■ Management of chemical substances contained in
products
■ Management of air emissions and prevention of
pollution
■ Management of raw material use
 ★★★★
 P37-60
 Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen
 Human Rights and Labor
 ■ Female empowerment at work ■ Support for work-life balance
 ★★
 P61-74
 Product Responsibility
 ■ Ensuring product safety ■ Universal design
 ★★
 P75-82
 Social Contribution
 ■ Development of the next generation ■ Support for disaster-affected regions
 ★★
 P83-86
     * Level of expectation for each issue is decided based on total number of stakeholders selecting that issue as material in the stakeholders survey
13 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
2 Stakeholder expectations gauged
• Stakeholders surveyed via questionnaire on issues identified in Step 1
STEP
3Materiality themes selected
• Materiality themes narrowed down to two with particularly high stakeholder interest plus one supporting theme (total: three)
• Approved by management after review by CSR-related departments
STEP

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Relationship with SDGs
Canon is contributing to the achievement of SDGs through various business activities. The chart below plots each SDG according to stakeholder expectations
as gauged via our survey, versus the degree of relevance for Canon’s activities based on the three materiality themes on P13.
 • In vitro diagnostic systems detect disease early and help prevent spread of infection (→P34)
• Deep learning-based image reconstruction technology lowers radiation exposure and produces high-quality images (→P34)
Ebola virus testing in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC)
  • Canon’s high-performance semiconductor production equipment reduces the cost of making chips, the brains of the electronic devices essential to the IoT era (→P36)
• Canon-developed system solutions help to automate factories and improve productivity (→P36)
Nanoimprint semiconductor lithography equipment in testing for mass production use at a memory chip manufacturer
   High
        • Canon promotes lower CO2 emissions throughout the product lifecycles (→P47-50)
• Canon helps customers in environmental impact reduction, such as carbon offsets (→P47-48)
CO2 emissions reductions using products and IT solutions
           Relevance for Canon’s activities
Goal 17 is omitted from the above matrix because it relates to all business activities (see P58 and P109 for specific examples of Goal 17-related business activities).
 Promoting in-house understanding
We are working to promote understanding of the SDGs by Canon Group employees.
• SDG workshops (Canon Inc./Japan)
• In-house photography competitions based on SDGs-inspired themes (Canon
Europe/UK)
• Employee education about SDGs through environmental events, such as Earth Day
(Canon U.S.A./US)
Creating new value and solving social issues
Protecting and conserving the environment
   • Canon promotes raw material conservation and product-to-product recycling (→P51-55)
• Chemicals used in products and production processes are strictly managed (→P56-58)
Canon Eco Technology Park (Japan) —targeting advanced resource recycling
 High
 SDGs workshop in Canon Inc.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 14
Stakeholder expectations

Materiality and SDGs
Canon’s Materiality-based Approach
Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues
 Risks and Opportunities
Amid the various ongoing efforts being made globally to realize a more sustainable future, multiple challenges for companies remain.
The march of technical innovation and globalization is generating various threats to the safety and security of homes and businesses due to societal issues, ranging from cyber-attacks or terrorist acts that target concentrated urban populations to aging demographics and novel infectious outbreaks. Delaying the response to rapid societal changes poses a risk for business. In contrast, actively mitigating such risks can be an opportunity for companies to generate additional growth by looking to address societal issues in ways that add original value to people’s lives.
Utilizing the imaging technology Canon has cultivated over decades through the camera business, we supply a variety of products and services such as network cameras that contribute to a safe, secure society. We are also striving to develop cutting-edge medical technology for early diagnosis of diseases so that people can enjoy a high quality of life and enriched lifestyles even into old age. Addressing such issues with innovation that is in tune with local community needs and responsive to societal changes helps us fulfil our social responsibility while also enhancing the sustainability of Canon’s operations and of society.
The results of Canon’s stakeholder questionnaire survey identify areas where stakeholders expect the most from Canon in terms of “Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues.” In descending order, these are: development of medical technology that contributes to human health and the prevention of disease; development of products and technologies that lead to affluence and delight for people in the fields of photography and imaging; advancing security technology to contribute to the safety and security of society; and developing technology that boosts industrial productivity. Based on the concerns of stakeholders, we are promoting related initiatives under the four themes of “Meeting diversified needs in commercial printing,” “Creating a safe and secure society,” “Expanding our medical business,” and “Supporting industrial innovation.”
Top 5 Stakeholder Expectations (Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues)
Development of medical technology that contributes to human health and the prevention of disease
Development of products and technologies that lead to affluence and delight for people in the fields of photography and imaging
Advancing security technology to contribute to the safety and security of society
Developing technology that boosts industrial productivity
Making technological contributions to high-level academic research
Approach
We are building Canon’s new business foundation around our traditional mainstays of office equipment and digital cameras plus our four new businesses: commercial printing, network cameras, medical, and industrial equipment. We are working to create new value by leveraging our collaboration with newly acquired Group companies by utilizing their technical expertise, sales networks, human capital, and other resources. We also continue to promote joint development and open innovation with top research institutions such as universities and other companies in Japan and overseas, while also seeking to supply products and services tailored to various needs.
Relationship with SDGs
Through our wide-ranging business activities, technologies, products, solutions and services, Canon, along with our customers and business partners, contributes to the achievement of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) listed below.
       15 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
1
2
3
4
5
Items
    
 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Protecting and Conserving the Environment
Risks and Opportunities
Affluent consumer lifestyles contrast with the varied environmental problems that the planet now faces, including climate change, resource depletion, pollution and loss of biodiversity. Many countries are instituting policies to reduce CO2 emissions to address global warming, and there is a growing debate about the need for a circular economy to make effective use of resources. Recognizing these global developments and the business impact of environmental issues, companies believe it is vital to contribute to efforts to address these issues in partnership with national and
local governments, experts and other stakeholders. Along with continual analysis of related global
trends based on information from specialist institutions and government agencies, Canon designates business risks and opportunities by field, based on various estimates about the social impacts of rising temperatures.
In tackling climate change, we believe the critical approach to reduce risk while expanding opportunities involves mitigation by cumulative reduction of CO2 emissions across product lifecycles alongside adaptation to physical risks.
Major Risks and Opportunities in Four Areas of Materiality, Impact on Business Activities
 Climate change
Circular economy
Risks
Opportunities
 Transition risks:
• Stricter energy-efficiency regulation and associated compliance costs (products/sites)
• Increase in business costs from economic measures to reduce emissions (e.g., carbon tax)
Physical risks:
• Negative impacts on operations caused by increasingly severe extreme weather events such as typhoons and floods
Reputational risks:
• Worsening external evaluation due to insufficient information disclosure
   Transition risks:
• Increased procurement costs of raw material due to resource constraints
• Stricter resource-efficiency regulation and associated compliance costs
(products/services)
• Increased costs for collection and recycling of used products in various
regions
Physical risks:
• Impairment of stable water supply and negative impacts of operation due to extreme weather events
Reputational risks:
• Damage to corporate image from slow transition to circular economy
   Hazardous substances
• Increased chemical substance management costs due to strengthened and expanded regulations
• Suspension of production or disruption to parts supply chain due to serious noncompliance by suppliers
• Damage to corporate image due to poor regulatory compliance
  Biodiversity
     • Decreasing supply and price increase of printing paper due to dwindling forestry resources
• Restraints on business activities due to disturbed balance of local ecosystems
• Expanded opportunities for sale of energy-efficient products (low lifecycle emissions)
• Contribution to society-wide CO2 emissions reductions through IT solutions and sales of energy-efficient industrial products
• Reduced energy costs through increased efficiency in production and transportation
• Expanded opportunities for use of renewable energy through lower associated costs
• Enhanced corporate image through proactive disclosure of activity results
• Business cost reduction through improved resource efficiency
• Enhanced competitiveness through 3R design and development of advanced recycling technology
• Increased demand for remanufacturing products
• Enhanced corporate image through showcasing of our advanced approach to resource recycling
• Supplying safe products and maintaining competitiveness through more advanced chemical substance management
• Cost reduction by introducing more efficient management process across the supply chain
• Enhanced corporate image through contribution to international standardization, etc.
• Applicable usage of our products and technologies to conservation of ecosystem
• Enhanced corporate image through contribution to local communities
  Approach
In 2008, we formulated Action for Green as our environmental vision, expressing a goal to balance lifestyle enrichment with the need to exist in harmony with the environment. We have designated related material areas as “contributing to a low-carbon society,” “contributing to a circular economy,” “eliminating hazardous substances and preventing pollution” and “contributing to a society in harmony with nature.” We try to improve the lifecycle performance of Canon products as part of our business activities.
■ Contributing to a Low-Carbon Society (→P47-50) We take various initiatives, such as the improvement of energy efficiency and reduced CO2 emissions across the whole product lifecycle, utilization of renewable energy sources in line with regional characteristics, and activities to support customers and society to reduce their environmental impact.
■ Contributing to a Circular Economy (→P51-55) Targeting a more advanced resource regeneration process, we are promoting more compact and lightweight products, remanufacturing, and the re-use or recycling of consumables. We are also striving to use water more efficiently and to promote recycling of wastes.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 16

Materiality and SDGs
 ■ Eliminating Hazardous Substances and Preventing Pollution (→P56-58)
We manage chemical substances by getting our suppliers to follow Canon’s green procurement standard. Also, we proactively establish frameworks to manage chemical substance information more effectively in the supply chain. Moreover, we reduce chemical substances used in our own production process and control related emissions.
■ Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature (→P59-60)
Based on our Biodiversity Policy, we take initiatives to conserve ecosystems globally. A typical initiative is the Canon Bird Branch Project, which highlights the Cycle of Life through various activities focusing on wild birds. Moreover, based on our Basic Policy of the Procurement of Timber Products, we procure timber products from a sustainable supply chain.
KPI
Canon has adopted lifecycle CO2 emissions as an integrated indicator to measure the progress achieved across environmental activities aimed at saving energy, conserving resources, and promoting recycling.
Integrated Management Framework
Canon believes it is vital that environmental activities such as measures for climate change are integrated into the management of the business. For instance, the time frames for achieving environmental targets are consistent with those in business plans. In line with the Excellent Global Corporation Plan defining the company’s direction in five-year phases, Canon uses rolling three- year technology and product plans that are revised annually. This annual review includes considering the
Link with Business Plans
Excellent Global Corporation Plan
Business plan Environmental targets
need to modify environmental targets. To tie business and environmental activities and provide a suitable indicator of progress, Canon has tracked the improvement in lifecycle CO2 emissions per product using a standardized approach since 2008.
The results of environmental activities by each part of the Canon Group (including each business, production subsidiary and sales company) are evaluated using a consolidated performance evaluation system. The system uses financial results as well as indicators for non-financial aspects such as environmental and CSR activities, so the latter are managed as one aspect of the business. The system has been operating since 2001. Indicators have been revised in line with broader changes (→P44).
By utilizing this basic framework to ensure environmental activities are systematically integrated into business management, we are achieving results by focusing on boosting the effectiveness of our measures aimed at achieving environmental targets.
Consolidated Performance Scoring (image)
  Various business indicators
Financial Quality
Envir./CSR
••• •
••• •
 Overall target
An average improvement of 3% per year in the lifecycle CO2 emissions improvement index per product
 Achievement
 Avg. improvement: 4.7% p.a. (2008–2019) (Cumulative improvement 40.0%)
 TCFD-Recommended Disclosures
In line with disclosure recommendations by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the following pages provide information on our activities related to climate change.
Relationship with SDGs
Canon’s environmental initiatives in the four material areas of “contributing to a low-carbon society,” “contributing to a circular economy,” “eliminating hazardous substances and preventing pollution” and “contributing to a society in harmony with nature” contribute to achievement of SDGs as outlined below.
   Strategy
P16-17 P38-39, P43-44
  Metrics and Targets
 17 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Governance
P17
P42, P44-45
  Risk Management
P16-17 P42-45, P102
P17
P19-20, P39-40
  3-year plan (technology/products) Revised annually on rolling basis
Overall target (lifecycle CO2) Reviewed annually
        Annual plans (financial)
Specific targets (energy, water, waste, chemicals)

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen
Risks and Opportunities
Although the spread of globalization has helped to enrich the lives of people around the world, on the flipside new issues are emerging. These include greater mobility demand, less favorable labor conditions, and widening poverty and inequality gaps.
These global societal issues have various effects on the sustainable development of Canon’s business worldwide. For example, poverty, education gaps and other societal issues not only inhibit market growth, but also pose a risk to the recruitment and retention of the human resources required to expand operations. Moreover, serious product quality issues that affect customer safety can have a significant impact due to any loss of business opportunities caused by brand damage or erosion of trust.
However, contributions made by Canon to addressing issues facing local communities where we are developing our business add value. By utilizing our advanced technical expertise and global workforce, we gain not only the trust of local communities, but also opportunities to grow the business. By cultivating workplaces to enable individual employees to fulfill their potential, we also build the enthusiasm of employees, which leads to the sustainable development of the Canon Group.
Besides supporting initiatives to encourage active roles for female employees and working to implement measures that improve better work-life balance, the survey shows that stakeholder expectations of Canon are highest in terms of ensuring product quality and consideration toward employees for child and elder care. Aiming to foster the sustained growth of the Canon Group, we are sincerely developing initiatives within the materiality theme of “Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen.”
Top 5 Stakeholder Expectations (Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen)
Initiatives to support active roles of female employees
Enhancement of policies aimed at realizing work-life balance for employees
Maintenance and improvement of employees’ occupational safety and health, physical health and mental health
Assurance product safety
Consideration toward employees engaged in childcare and nursing care
Approach
Recognizing these risks and opportunities, we are engaged in related activities, as outlined below.
Human Rights and Labor
We are working to ensure all employees can enjoy workplaces in which individuals with varied backgrounds and values are respected and each employee feels secure and highly motivated to work. Our various initiatives in this area are divided into the subthemes of “Respecting Human Rights,” “Hiring and Treatment of Human Resources,” “Diversity and Inclusion,” “Occupational Safety and Health Support,” and “Human Resource Development and Personal Growth” (→P61-74).
Product Responsibility
We are seeking to build customer trust by focusing on the areas of “Quality Management,” “Ensuring Product Safety,” and “Improving Product Usability” (→P75-82).
Social Contribution
Canon is developing activities that utilize in-house technology, business expertise and human resources covering the fields of “Humanitarian Aid and Disaster Relief,” “Environmental Conservation,” “Social Welfare,” “Local Communities,” “Education and Science,” and “Art, Culture and Sports” (→P83-86).
Relationship with SDGs
Our activities in the three fields of “Human Rights and Labor,” “Product Responsibility,” and “Social Contribution” are closely related to the achievement of SDGs as outlined below.
              1
Items
   2
  3
  4
  5
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 18

 Examples of Initiatives to Realize the Kyosei Philosophy
CASE
1 Creating Environmental Value through Product Life Cycle
Canon’s Vision of
Environmental Value
Guided by its Environmental Vision “Action for Green,” Canon is working to reduce environmental impact through its business activity. Within this vision, we define the environmental value we seek to achieve as the striking of a beneficial balance between “enriching lifestyles”—improving the amenity of human life with superior products—
and “reducing environmental burden”— minimizing the environmental impacts associated with creating and delivering products. This approach can be illustrated in a diagram where “enriching lifestyles” represents the top number in a fraction
(the numerator) and “environmental burden” the bottom number (the denominator).
Our initiatives aim to make the numerator bigger and the denominator smaller.
Canon’s vision of environmental value
Numerator
     Increase
 Enrichment
     Environmental burden
Environmental burden
  Reduce
Generally, there is a trade-off relationship between enriching lifestyles and reducing environmental burden, whereby prioritizing one makes it difficult to achieve improvements in the other. At Canon, however, at the same time as creating better products, we are moving ahead with a range of adaptations and initiatives to reduce environmental burden at each stage of the product lifecycle, allowing us to combine the pursuit of enriched lifestyles with environmental burden reduction.
Denominator
19 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Enrichment
Initiatives to Enrich Lifestyles
Enriching lifestyles is achieved by developing more advanced product functionality. At Canon, we are achieving higher functionality in a wide range of products, while at the same time minimizing their environmental impact.
One example is the latest model of one of our key business products, the imageRUNNER ADVANCE series of office multifunction devices. Among other improvements, it now boasts enhanced Cloud connectivity to support more efficient operation, alongside reinforcement of the robust security functions that contribute to enhanced user confidence. “uniFLOW Online”*1 is a feature that
 widens the scope of Cloud service connectivity by sending scanned documents directly to any among a range of Cloud services,*2 promoting seamless data sharing and improved operational efficiency. As for security functions, the series features a “tamper detector” based on system verification on startup, which ensures advance prevention of any damage from unauthorized program operation. In such ways, we contribute to enriching customer lifestyles with functions that improve user-friendliness in the office environment.
uniFLOW Online—a feature that widens the scope of Cloud service connectivity for office multifunction devices
*1 uniFLOW Online is a paid service. Scan and upload to Google Drive is available with the free-of-charge service uniFLOW Online Express, but a fee is charged for interface with other Cloud services and for mobile printing functions.
*2 For details about compatible Cloud services, please inquire at your nearest dealership.
Initiatives for Environmental Burden Reduction
Environmental burden reduction is relevant at all stages of business activity, from research & development, to design, procurement, production logistics, sales, servicing and recycling. That is why, at Canon, the departments involved work together to implement a range of environmental activities throughout the product lifecycle.
Environmental Activity Throughout the Product Lifecycle
Design R&D Recycling Servicing Procurement Manufacturing Logistics Sales
At Canon, in order to monitor the results of all environmental activities in an integrated way and ensure a beneficial balance with business activities, we measure the efficiency of environmental initiatives through the index of “lifecycle CO2.” This is the sum total of CO2 emissions at each stage in the product lifecycle, for which we set an “overall target” of a 3% average yearly reduction per product unit.
Measuring this figure per product unit makes it a benchmark that is easily grasped at the manufacturing frontline. Unlike measurement per unit of net sales, it also allows the exclusion of factors beyond the enterprise’s control,
    Environmentally conscious design
Energy-saving technology/technology free of hazardous substances
Increased collection efficiency/advanced recycling
Increased operational efficiency
            Green procurement
Increased process efficiency/improved management
Increased efficiency/ modal shift
Highlighting environmental performance/providing solutions

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Likewise, when it comes to environmental burden, the imageRUNNER ADVANCE C3530FIII released for sale in 2019 achieves a reduction of as much as 25% in lifecycle CO2 emissions compared to the imageRUNNER ADVANCE C2230F, thus realizing both enriched lifestyles in the office environment and environmental burden reduction.
Aquilion Prime SP, an X-ray CT system manufactured by our subsidiary Canon Medical, is newly fitted with the deep-learning technology “AiCE-i” for CT image reconstruction. This makes possible high-quality imaging investigation with low radiation exposure and reduced use of contrast agents. The system’s state-of-the-art clinical functions realize increased throughput to ensure that it meets the diverse needs of both patients and health care professionals, contributing as a result to enriched lifestyles.
In terms of environmental burden, the new system achieves a reduction of 31 tons in lifecycle CO2 compared to the previous model. This and other enhancements enable it to achieve the combined goals of enriching lifestyles and reducing environmental burden.
Toward further increase in environmental value
Going forward, Canon will continue to understand environmental value as meaning the creation of “a society that achieves a beneficial balance between enriched lifestyles and the environment.” By continuing
  X-ray CT system Aquilion Prime SP
AiCE-i realizes low noise, high spatial resolution, and high-speed image reconstruction
 such as foreign exchange. The result is that efforts toward environmental burden reduction are accurately reflected in the index figure, which in turn helps to maintain and improve employee motivation. Currently, a total of some 400 employees are active as environmental officers within each Canon department (business divisions, sales companies, production companies, etc.),
where they advance environmental
activities towards realization of the above- mentioned goal. These activities are
likewise supported by individual
employees across the manufacturing
frontline, from planning and
development to design and production.
Group-wide Environmental Activities
to deliver products and services that enrich people’s lives, and at the same time steadily promoting the protection
and conservation of the environment, we will work to further increase environmental value and to realize our corporate philosophy of kyosei— harmonious coexistence.
 As a result of these concerted Group-wide initiatives, lifecycle CO2 per product unit has been reduced by a yearly average of 4.7%, exceeding the target figure of 3%.
Lifecycle CO2 per Product Unit
[Target] yearly average reduction rate of 3%
Planning
Planning Development Procurement Production Design
Sales companies Environmental officers
Sales
Global Environmental Center
Business
divisions Environmental officers
Production
companies Environmental officers
 Index
100
[Actual achievement] yearly average 4.7% reduction
Index Approx.
60
2008
2019
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 20
  
 Examples of Initiatives to Realize the Kyosei Philosophy
CASE
2 Intellectual Property (IP) Activities: Promoting Continuous Growth Together with Business
    Canon’s IP Activities
Knowing IP assets form the foundation of business development, Canon formulates and pursues IP strategies with a long-term perspective of 10-20 years into the future.
Canon has inherited an established corporate DNA that emphasizes creation of innovative technology as the means of generating new social value. We are creating original IP assets every day to enhance the value of products and services through continual evolution of our basic and core proprietary technologies via relentless R&D activities.
Support Business to Create New Value
Patent Filing and Management of IP
Working closely with R&D, production and marketing divisions, our IP Division focuses on unearthing and pursuing innovative discoveries so they can be protected by strong patents. For technologies in areas where it would take others a long time to catch up with us, we aim to maintain the inventions in the form of in-house trade secrets rather than seeking patents for them.
These IP activities, which effectively utilize our wealth of highly experienced personnel and technical expertise, help support Canon’s competitive advantage in business.
Present
 21 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
 Examples of Technology-based Differentiation
Canon seeks to differentiate its products from those of rivals by constructing a robust IP portfolio that protects its proprietary technology.
Example 1:
EOS R System
New camera system that enhances photographic capabilities
Building on the imaging capabilities of the newly developed RF lenses, the EOS R system delivers sharper detail in the subject image to reproduce color gradations not visible to the naked eye. It also enables dramatically quicker camera-lens communication for continuous shooting without compromising image quality, helping users capture high-quality images of subjects in motion.
The three features at the core of the system are short back focus, a large internal mount diameter and new mount data-transmission system. These technologies are protected by a strong portfolio of patents.
Example 2:
Free Viewpoint Video System Technology that realizes radically new video experience
Example 3:
Optical Coherence Tomography Angiography (OCTA) Image-processing technology that creates a 3D picture of retinal blood vessels
Canon’s Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) scanning technology enables rapid capture of high-definition images of retinal blood vessels at the base of the eye, reducing the burden on the patient and the medical professional. One technology making this possible is a proprietary image- processing technology developed using deep learning known as “Intelligent Denoise” for reducing noise in high- definition images.
Based on patent applications relating not only to the inventions incorporated in products, but also to a broader range of medical devices using AI technology, Canon aims to construct an IP portfolio to protect future medical devices that will contribute to society.
   Canon demonstrated its Free Viewpoint Video System during Rugby World Cup 2019 (TM), to help enhance the appeal of the sport. The system allows viewers to watch the action from any viewpoint or angle.
A comprehensive patent filing program supports the innovative technologies involved in this system, from camera deployment and image capture to communications, image processing and the user interface.
 
  Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
  For New Businesses
IP Licensing Activities
To create new businesses, Canon tries to be ahead of the curve in IP licensing activities anticipating future trends. For example, anticipating the development of AI/IoT technologies, we started years ago to negotiate IP licenses with firms from other sectors. By securing cross licenses from companies with competitive technologies at an early stage using our strong patent portfolio, we aim to provide high-value-added products and services based on the integration of external and in-house technologies.
Ownership of multiple strong patents is an essential part of protecting the technology behind Canon’s core competences while also facilitating alliances with the owners of competitive technologies. We maintain the strength of Canon’s IP portfolio by selecting patents through constant evaluation of their values. Canon was the third-ranked company in the US by the number of registered patents in 2019 (→P26), and has been the leading Japanese company by this measure for 15 years running.
Initiatives for Development of Businesses
Standardization Promotion Activities
Canon takes part in activities to promote the adoption of international standards in areas such as streaming video, video coding, and communication technology and has contributed to the widespread adoption of digital video systems.
In recent years, Canon acquired standard-essential patents and other related IP in communications technologies and coding technologies that have become societal infrastructure through adoption of IoT, through which Canon is also actively establishing cross-license relationships with companies in other industries.
These efforts help secure freedom for technology development.
Activities as Leader in the IP Field
License on Transfer (LOT) Network
Lawsuits from so-called “patent trolls” that use IP purely for litigious purposes rather than innovation have posed challenges for many firms. In 2014, Canon, Google and four other companies took the initiative to found the License on Transfer (LOT) Network, which aims to restrict the threat of patent troll litigation as part of risk management.
Future
LOT Network members agree to grant fellow member firms a free license to use any patent if the ownership of that patent is transferred to a non- member entity. This protects companies from the risks associated with frivolous patent lawsuits, enabling member firms to focus on developing products and services. We believe this contributes to promoting innovation. The number of LOT Network members has grown over the years to more than 600. Canon is continuing to engage in activities to promote innovation in partnership with other members.
Contribution to the Environment Through IP
WIPO GREEN
Canon became a partner in the “WIPO GREEN” program, an international framework operated by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) for the transfer of green technologies. By providing green technologies to the companies and organizations that need them, Canon hopes to contribute to environmental solutions through IP (→P109).
Greater Value for Customers
“Canon Design” Brand
Canon’s IP activities also seek to support the development of “Canon Design” as a valuable intellectual property.
Canon supplies products and services that are usage- optimized, based on designs that aim to combine ideal appearance with performance and ease of use. This approach to design helps add value for customers.
The value of the Canon brand is controlled and promoted by all the Group companies through established brand management rules.
Canon Design helps to boost brand value
   Canon Sustainability Report 2020 22

Stakeholder Engagement
Basic Approach
Canon thinks it is important to have ongoing dialogue with its diverse stakeholders to communicate the company’s thinking to them and to listen carefully to their feedback with the aim of deepening mutual understanding. We consequently strive to maintain close communication with stakeholders using departments in charge at Group companies worldwide as points of contact. Responding to the issues identified based on the opinions we receive, we deal appropriately with the needs of each region, and at the same time, we share important issues related to global management throughout the Group and work to resolve them.
Below, we introduce our methods of communicating with stakeholders and present specific initiatives, covering all stakeholder groups that Canon believes to be of high importance for its business activities.
When preparing this report, starting from the planning stage, we conduct several rounds of direct discussion with third parties regarding the content of the report (→P131-133). We also try to ensure that report disclosures meet the expectations of all stakeholders by canvassing the views of various experts and institutional shareholders.
• Instructors dispatched to Utsunomiya University (Japan), Center for Optical Research and Education (29 times)
• Environmental classes held at elementary schools (55 times)
• Held meetings at such Canon Foundation grant recipients as
universities and research institutions (29 occasions)
• Visits to promote joint research initiatives between industry
and academia (15 times)
• Onsite briefings held at universities to introduce Canon and
its business operations (approx. 100 times)
• Regular communications with educational and research
institutions such as collaborative R&D conducted with
university hospitals in Japan
• Onsite briefings at schools and school visits (university/
technical college level)
• Internships for students on administrative, technical or
specialist tracks (36 times, approx. 2,000 students)
• Internships for special support school students (14 students
from 5 schools)
• Canon Group labor-management meetings (once)
• Central labor-management meetings (8 times)
• Labor-management committees on wages, welfare,
workplace reforms, etc. (8 times)
• Initiatives to help make individual workplaces more
rewarding
• Career matching system (163 employees)
• Information security seminars (12 times)
• Compliance meetings (2 times)
• Environmental training
• Barrier-free Mindsets training (online learning)
• Central Safety and Health Committee meetings (2 times)
• Regional Safety and Health Committee meetings (at least
monthly at each operational site)
• Summer festivals (once at each operational site)
• Support for UNHCR WILL2LIVE Cinema 2019 organized by Japan for UNHCR*1 with cooperation and supervision by UNHCR Representation in Japan
• Partnership-based biodiversity conservation initiatives “Furusato Project”
• Canon Bird Branch Project in collaboration with the Wild Bird Society of Japan
• Humanitarian and disaster-relief activities in disaster- affected areas
• Collaborative biodiversity conservation initiatives in areas around the world
• Collaboration to achieve a green supply chain *1 The national partner of UNHCR in Japan
 Stakeholder
Educational/ Research Institutions
Topics of Interest
Main Communication Methods
• Joint research
• Presentations at
international conferences and technical working group meetings
• Business introductions
• Participation in surveys and
studies
• Outreach classes and
instructor dispatch
• Onsite briefings at schools,
school visits (university/
technical college level) • Internship programs to
support the career development of students
Main Initiatives in 2019*
  • Optical technology
• Cutting-edge technology • Joint research
• Environmental education
related to recycling
     Employees
• Improvement in workplace environments
• Understanding of management policies
• Maintenance of employee welfare system
• Support for career development
• Maintenance of personnel evaluation system
• Maintenance of workplace safety system
• Cultivation of high company morale
• Labor-management meetings
• Information sharing from top management (intranet, in-house magazine, executive meetings, site visits)
• Training programs
• Employee surveys
• Human resource hotline
• Whistleblower system
• Safety and Health
Committee
• Internal award system
• Company events
     NGOs/ NPOs
• Issues affecting global society such as refugee issues and poverty
• Disaster relief support
• Ecosystem protection/
conservation
• Supply chain risks
• Collaborative projects, including volunteer activities
• Share information/hold discussions
       * Numbers in parentheses represent the number of activities in 2019
23 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Stakeholder
Topics of Interest
Main Communication Methods
Main Initiatives in 2019*
  Foreign Governments/ Embassies
• Support for evaluating and addressing social issues at the bilateral and international levels
• Building, maintaining and promoting friendly relations with other countries
• Meeting/exchanging views with important people from overseas
• Participation in various types of events
• Responding to various types of inquiries
• Completing various surveys and studies
     Local Communities
• Protection/conservation of local community ecosystems
• Contributions to local communities through business operations
• Understanding local communities
• Fulfilling responsibilities as corporate citizen to participate in local community activities
• Emergency disaster-relief assistance
• Disaster-preparedness and crime-prevention drills
• Involvement in local groups/organizations
• Local events and volunteer activities
• Environmental education and awareness activities
• Community cleanups
     Shareholders/ Investors
• Medium- to long-term management strategy aimed at achieving continued growth
• Status of business portfolio transformation
• Business activity trends and results
• Financial condition
• ESG activities
• General meeting of shareholders
• Conferences for institutional investors
• Individual meetings with institutional investors
• Conferences for individual investors
• Website for investors
• Corporate reports/
brochures for investors
     Suppliers
• Understanding of various Canon Group procurement standards
• Implementation of procurement standards
• Product/technology trends
• General business activity
trends
• Improved efficiency of the
chemical substance information transmission scheme
• Online supplier surveys • Procurement annual
meeting
• Briefings on business trends • Technology exhibitions by
suppliers
• Promotion of green
procurement
     Central/Local Governments
• Active support for initiatives addressing societal issues
• Strengthening ties with companies
• Promotion of community revitalization
• Opinion exchange with government agencies
• Participation in economic organizations and industry groups
• Opinion exchange with municipalities
• Cooperation in surveys and questionnaires
     Other Companies
• Industry trends
• Addressing social issues
that affect multiple
industry sectors
• Product/technology trends
• Collaborative projects
    • Courtesy calls and participation in hearings or other meetings in response to requests from foreign governments and embassies (over 50 times)
• Participation in international discussions and events designed to improve bilateral relations
• Completing various surveys and studies
• Community-based social contribution activities including educational, sports and cultural programs
• Activities to protect and conserve local ecosystems, such as tree-planting programs
• Cleanup activities
• Financial results conferences, corporate strategy conference (5 times)
• Release of corporate governance report
• Improved disclosure of financial results and related
information
• Quick release of documents relating to general meeting of
shareholders, enrichment of voluntary disclosure
• Publication of Canon Annual Report and Sustainability
Report
• Inclusion of financial information in Sustainability Report
• Discussions aimed at improving content of Sustainability
Report
• Survey covering finance, corporate data, business ethics, conflict minerals, and environmental conservation (yearly)
• Procurement strategy meeting, parts exhibition (each once a year)
• Briefings on business trends (13 times)
• Product/technology exhibitions by suppliers (twice)
• Collection and management of product information for
products containing chemical substances through chemSHERPA
• Policy recommendations via discussions with government agencies
• Policy recommendations via activities of economic organizations and industry groups
• Promoting/supporting personnel exchanges
• Holding discussions with municipalities
• Participation in, and organization of, various types of events
such as local government fairs
• Creation of PR videos for tourism
• Introduction/provision of new technologies and solutions
• Cooperation in surveys/questionnaires for government
statistics, industry groups and economic organizations (73 items)
• Joint research with other companies and undertaking of development work
      * Numbers in parentheses represent the number of activities in 2019
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 24

Financial and Non-financial Highlights
Financial Information
Net Sales
(Billions of yen) 4,000
3,000
2,000
Net Income Attributable to Canon Inc./
Net Income Attributable to Canon Inc. Ratio
¥125.1 billion /3.5%
■ Net income attributable to Canon Inc.
Net income attributable to Canon Inc. ratio
(Billions of yen) (%)
400 8 300 5.8 5.9 6.4 6
3,593.3
3,951.9
3,593.3
100 2 000
3,800.3
   3,401.5
¥
4,080.0
billion
       1,000
Total Assets/Shareholders’ Equity/ Shareholders’ Equity to Total Assets Ratio
¥4,768.4 billion/¥2,692.6 billion/56.5%
2015 2016
Dividend per Share
2017 2018
2019 (Year)
¥160
200
220.2 4.4 241.9 252.8 150.7
3.5 4 125.1
  2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
■ Total assets ■ Shareholders’ equity (Canon Inc.) Shareholders’ equity to total assets ratio
(Billions of yen)
7,500 5,000 2,500
ROA/ROE
ROA ROE
(%)
56.5 60 4,768.4 40
(Yen)
200 150 100
  67.0
54.2
5,138.5
4,427.8
2,966.4 2,783.1 2,870.6 2,827.6 2,692.6 20 000
55.2 5,198.3
57.7 4,899.5
150 150
2015 2016
160 160 160
2017 2018 2019
          (%)
10 8 6 4 2 0
8.6
8.9
750 500 250
0 –250 – 500
837.1
425.5 21.1 590.5
50
  2015 2016
2017
2018 2019 (Year)
(Year)
2.6 /4.5
358.5 / 228.6 / 129.9
%
%
■ Net cash provided by operating activities
■ Net cash used in investing activities ■ Free cash flow (Billions of yen)
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities/
Net Cash Used in Investing Activities/Free Cash Flow
¥ billion ¥ billion ¥ billion
    25 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
7.4
5.2 5.0
3.1
2015 2016
4.7 5.0
2017 2018
4.5
2.6
474.7 500.3
453.6
–336.8 2015 2016
165.0
2017
169.7 129.9 365.3 358.5
195.6 228.6
2018 2019
  2019 (Year)
(Year)

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Non-financial Information
R&D Expenses*/R&D Expenses to Net Sales Ratio
Top Ten U.S. Patent Holders by Company
3
2019
IBM Samsung Electronics Canon Microsoft Technology Licensing Intel
LG Electronics
Apple
Ford Global Technologies
Amazon Technologies
Huawei Technologies
¥
298.5
billion
/8.3
%
(%)
10 8 6 4 2 0
No.
 ■ R&D expenses (Billions of yen)
500 400 300 200 100
0
R&D expenses to net sales ratio
2015
IBM Samsung Electronics Canon
Qualcomm
Google Toshiba
Sony
LG Electronics
Intel
Microsoft Technology Licensing
2016
IBM Samsung Electronics Canon
Qualcomm
Google Intel
LG Electronics
Microsoft Technology Licensing
TSMC
Sony
2017
IBM Samsung Electronics Canon
Intel
LG Electronics Qualcomm
Google
Microsoft Technology Licensing
TSMC
Samsung Display
2018
IBM Samsung Electronics Canon
Intel
LG Electronics TSMC
Microsoft Technology Licensing
Qualcomm
Apple
Ford Global Technologies
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
 8.6 328.5
2015
8.9 302.4
2016
8.2 333.4
2017
8.0 315.8
2018
8.3 298.5
2019
(Year)
      * In 2018, a reclassification of operating profit and other income (deductions) was conducted due to a change in pension accounting standard. 2017 figures for R&D expenses were restated to reflect this change.
Lifecycle CO2 Emissions/Improvement in Basic Unit
6,088,000t-CO2/40.0% improvement
* *
* *
Number of patents for 2016 to 2019 are based on figures released by IFI CLAIMS Patent Services.
Number of patents for 2015 are based on information released by the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
IBM is an abbreviation for International Business Machines Corporation. TSMC is an abbreviation for Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited.
Improvement in lifecycle CO2 emissions per product ■ Lifecycle CO2 emissions
(1,000 t-CO2)
compared to 2008
compared to 2008 (%)
9,550TJ/4.5% improvement from previous year Improvement in energy consumption per basic unit at operational sites* (excluding marketing sites)
40.0% improvement
40 30 20 10
Site Energy Consumption/Improvement in Basic Unit
compared to 2015 (%)
40 4.5% improvement 30
■ Energy consumption at operational sites (TJ)
  from previous year 20 10 00
  8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
10,000 7,500 5,000 2,500
    00
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
Total Waste Generation/Improvement in Basic Unit
114,541 t /4.4% improvement from previous year
2015 2016 2017
2018 2019
(Year)
  Improvement in total waste generation per basic unit*
(excluding marketing sites) ■ Total waste generation
(t)
100,000 75,000 50,000 25,000
* The basic unit denominator is decided according to the characteristics of each operational site (production volume, effective floor area, workforce, etc.)
* The basic unit denominator is decided according to the characteristics of each operational site (production volume, effective floor area, workforce, etc.)
Canon Group Employee Numbers by Region
187,041
compared to 2015 (%)
10 0
■ Japan ■ Americas ■ Europe ■ Asia and Oceania
  4.4% improvement
from previous year 20
189,571 197,673 197,776 195,056 187,041
40 30
200,000 150,000 100,000
      50,000 00
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
2015 2016 2017
2018 2019
(Year)
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 26

Evolution of Business Plans
Canon has achieved continuous growth through a business strategy founded on diversification—expanding into business areas that meet contemporary needs by combining new and existing technologies—and globalization—adapting in good time to the increasingly international nature of business.
Since 1996, in line with our philosophy of kyosei, we have initiated a five-year scheme called the Excellent Global Corporation Plan to make Canon a globally admired and respected company dedicated to contributing to society through continuous technological innovation, and we have been promoting business reforms.
  –1996
Business strategy combining comprehensive diversification and globalization
• Globalization
- 1955: With the opening of a branch office in New York, expansion of sales routes worldwide
- 1967: Overseas share of net sales passes the 50% mark
- 1970s: Production sites established worldwide
1990s: Research and development sites established worldwide
• Diversification
- Early 1960s: By supplementing optical and mechanical technologies with electronics technology, development of products such as electronic calculators help meet the current demand for office automation
- 1967: To mark the 30th anniversary, policy of full-scale diversification announced under the slogan “Cameras in the Right Hand, Business Machines in the Left”
- Advance to the cutting edge of contemporary industry with products that combine new and existing technologies, e,g., copy machines, printers, and semiconductor lithography equipment
Business Plans
1962–1966
First Five-Year Plan:
Launch of full-scale business activities in business machine market
1976–1986
Premier Company Plan:
Implementation of matrix management system based on divisional structure and Canon-style development, production and sales systems
1988–1995
First Global Corporation Plan:
Second inauguration of company announced under the corporate philosophy of kyosei. In line with this philosophy, promotion of global rollout of production and development and other policies to create a structure resilient to the negative impacts of exchange rate fluctuation and trade friction.
Excellent Global Corporation Plan
Phase l 1996–2000 Total optimization and
profitability
Canon transformed the corporate mindset to refocus on total rather than partial optimization and on profitability rather than net sales growth, along with the introduction of cash flow management. Business innovation was initiated on many fronts, including the selection and concentration of business areas and reform in areas such as production and development.
Main strategies
• Establish consolidated management operation
• Introduce cash flow management • Innovation in development such as
introducing 3D-CAD
• Innovation in manufacturing through
switch from conveyor belt to cell production
Economic value
• 1.1-fold growth in net sales 1.4-fold growth in net income (1996→2000)
• Debt ratio
28.8%→13.8% (1996→2000)
• Shareholders’ equity ratio 38.1%→45.9% (1996→2000)
Social and environmental value
• Digitalization of cameras, multifunction devices, etc., in line with the development of the IT environment
• Progress with development and production of CMOS sensors for digital cameras to establish presence in the image sensor market
Debt Ratio
(%)
30 28.8 20
10
Excellent Global Corporation Plan
Phase ll 2001–2005 Increased competitiveness
through digitalization
Aiming to become No. 1 in all major business areas, Canon focused on strengthening product competitiveness to match the changing times by stepping up efforts to digitalize its products. The company also conducted structural reforms across all Canon Group companies around the world.
Main strategies
• Strengthen product offer through independent development of CMOS sensors, image processors and other key components
• Speed up product commercialization through selection and concentration
• Maintain focus on cash flow management Economic value
• Record-high figures achieved for both net sales and income before income taxes in each of the five consecutive business periods (2001-2005)
Net sales (2005): ¥3,754.2 billion Income before income taxes (2005): ¥612.0 billion
Social and environmental value
• Market launch of digital cameras and printers in line with the increasingly widespread use of personal computers and the internet
• LCD lithography equipment contributes to the spread of large-screen LCD television sets
Net Sales and Income Before Income Taxes
■ Net sales (left)
■ Income before income taxes (right)
(Billions of yen) (Billions of yen)
612.0
4,000 3,754.2 800
3,000 2,907.6 600
                  13.8 2,000 1,000
400
200 000
281.6
  1996 1997
1998 1999 2000
(Year)
2001 2002
2003 2004 2005
(Year)
  27 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Development using 3D-CAD
LCD lithography equipment released for sale in 2002

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
   Excellent Global Corporation Plan
Phase lll 2006–2010 Reinforcing existing businesses
and expanding into new areas
While pursuing new growth through strategies such as enhancing existing businesses and expanding into new areas, Canon also focused on comprehensive supply chain management and introduced IT innovations.
Main strategies
• Expand profitability of main businesses
• New production modes, such as man-
machine cells where humans and
machines work together
• Expand areas of business through
diversification, establish management system based on three regional headquarters
Economic value
• Maintenance of high shareholders’ equity ratio
66.0% (2006) →66.4% (2010)
• Record-high figures for net sales and
income before income taxes (2007)
Net sales: ¥4,481.3 billion
Income before income taxes: ¥768.4 billion
Social and environmental value
• Network MFDs realized seamless linking of input and output of paper and digital documents
• Promotion of digital commercial printing business that identifies industry needs and facilitates variable data printing and other types of printing operation
Excellent Global Corporation Plan
Phase IV 2011–2015 Enhancing growth and
manufacturing capabilities
Canon revised its management policy from a strategy targeting expansion of scale. While reinforcing its financial structure and actively conducting M&A, the company pursued acquisition of new growth engines for future expansion.
Main strategies
• Diversify through horizontal rollout of existing businesses such as digital cinema cameras
• Pursue aggressive M&A activities
• Upgrade production through automation
and introduction of robots
• Innovation in procurement to reduce costs
and ensure quality
Economic value
• Gross profit ratio reaches record high level 50.9% (2015)
• Maintenance of high shareholders’ equity ratio
64.9% (2011) →67.0% (2015)
Social and environmental value
• Expansion of network camera business amidst increased awareness of security among society
• Cinema EOS System brings new range of visual expression to the film and television industry
Excellent Global Corporation Plan
Phase V 2016 –2020
New growth through a grand
strategic transformation
Canon is working to reorient its business portfolio from B-to-C businesses to B-to-B growth businesses, at the same time promoting automation and other initiatives to improve productivity.
Main strategies
• Establish a new production system to reduce cost-of-sales ratio
• Reinforce and expand new businesses • Restructure the global sales network
Economic value
• Net sales from new businesses: 12%→25% (2016→2019)
• Stable level of cash and cash equivalents ¥412.8 billion (2019)
Social and environmental value
• Expansion of medical business with products that reduce the burden on both patients and medical professionals
• OLED panel manufacturing equipment facilitates adoption of OLED displays in smartphones, televisions, etc.
Share of Net Sales Provided by New Businesses
         Shareholders’ Equity Ratio
(%)
70
60 50 40
66.4
Gross Profit Ratio
(%)
60
50 48.8
New businesses
25%
   66.0
  2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 (Year)
40 75% 30
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 (Year)
Sales launch of Cinema EOS System for film Diagnostic ultrasound system by Canon production (2011) Medical Systems
50.9
2019 Existing businesses
   Development in progress at Canon Production Printing (formerly Océ) (2011)
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 28

 Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues
Meeting Diversified Needs in Commercial Printing
Management Approach
We are contributing to value creation in a new age of digital printing, targeting the market for high quality, on-demand printing using a wide range of media.
 Canon’s Approach
In the field of commercial printing for publications, direct mail and other marketing materials, demand is growing annually for digital printing to enable small- run production of multiple items with quick turnaround rather than large traditional printing runs.
Leveraging its extensive track record of supplying MFPs, high-quality printers and other office equipment, Canon entered the digital commercial printing market in 2007 with the launch of the production printer imagePRESS C7000VP. Canon has continued to supply a range of digital printing products and related solutions.
In 2010, the Canon Group was strengthened with the arrival of Canon Production Printing (formerly Océ), a major player in commercial printing in Europe and the United States. By combining the unique skills of each company, we have augmented our lineup of products delivering superior quality, productivity and reliability, while also expanding our business to service a broad range of digital printing needs. PRISMA workflow software centrally manages the
Relationship with SDGs
Canon’s commercial and industrial printing business contributes to the realization of SDG 9: “build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation.” We will continue to create new value for society with high- quality, high-productivity printing solutions, while at the same time promoting innovation that utilizes digital printing technology.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2 GRI103-3
print production workflow from order intake to post- press processes for increased productivity in short run printing jobs. In 2017, we launched continuous feed inkjet presses for the graphic arts market to meet the growing demand for high-quality printing of luxury catalogs and premium direct mail items.
To enable customers to experience having the latest digital printing solutions at their fingertips, we opened Customer Experience Centers in the Netherlands, Germany, the United States and Japan to demonstrate state-of-the-art digital printers. Besides showcasing the latest digital printing presses, the centers are equipped with printing server systems, cutting and binding machines, and other finishing equipment to provide an end-to-end experience.
Going forward, we will continue pushing to create original value in the fast-growing field of industrial printing.
        29 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Examples of Value Creation
Value Creation in the Graphic Arts Field
Designed for the graphic arts market, the ProStream1000 continuous feed digital press utilizes a proprietary media-pretreatment called ColorGrip which enables printing on a wide range of paper types by preventing ink from spreading and bleeding on papers and a specially developed polymer pigment inkset for realizing vibrant colors and enhancing abrasion resistance. In addition, air flotation non-contact drying technology is used to dry the ink while minimizing stress on the paper without using a paper conveyor belt. This ensures high speed double-sided printing while keeping haptics and gloss levels of the original paper unchanged. These technologies serve graphic arts needs for higher-quality, higher- definition images in the commercial printing market.
Digital Printing for Short Run Printing Applications
Canon is developing printers for various commercial printing needs.
The UV curing Colorado 1650 large-format production printer uses UVgel technology developed by Canon Production Printing. The proprietary UVgel ink minimizes the distinctive odor of UV ink and reduces thermal stress on the media, enabling printing for a wide range of media for either outdoor or indoor use.
In addition, the use of Canon Production Printing’s proprietary FLXfinish technology allows the curing timing of the ink to be controlled enabling separate printing in two modes for a shiny gloss finish or a high quality matt finish.
In 2019, the Colorado’s printing capabilities were showcased on a shuttle bus operating between Canon sites with a wrap-around design to advertise the Rugby World Cup 2019 (TM). The vivid and lightfast colors helped to build excitement for the inaugural staging of this event in Japan.
   ProStream1000 continuous feed digital press for the graphic arts market
Canon shuttle bus featuring wrap-around graphics created using UV gel technology
 Role for Elevated Printing Technology in Cultural Preservation and Diversity Support
The elevated printing technology offered by Canon Production Printing involves using UV curable ink and overprinting multiple layers of ink to produce an unprecedented visual appearance and texture. This technology has made it possible to achieve appearances and tactile feeling that were once impossible.
In the reconstruction of the tomb of the Ancient Egyptian 19th Dynasty pharaoh Seti I in the Valley of the Kings, based on 3D data of the tomb the relief sculptures that are up to 15 mm thick were successfully produced using the large format UV flatbed printer with elevated printing technology.
In the Netherlands, elevated printing is also being used to create street signage featuring Braille and raised QR codes for greater ease of access by visually impaired residents or visitors. In France, it has been used to reproduce paintings and in providing technical assistance to visually impaired visitors at art museums.
Tomb of Seti I, reproduced using elevated printing technology
 Canon Sustainability Report 2020 30

Creating a Safe and Secure Society
Management Approach
Leveraging its expertise in network visual solutions and social infrastructure inspection, Canon is helping to build resilient and sustainable urban infrastructure by ensuring enhanced public safety and security.
 Canon’s Approach
Having positioned network cameras as one of its new core businesses under Phase V of its Excellent Global Corporation Plan, Canon is working to enhance its product lineup and to reinforce its solutions and development capabilities. This involves the integration of core camera technologies developed over many years, including optical, sensor and imaging engine technologies as well as video content analytic software, with the network management and cloud services that have been cultivated in MFP development.
The network camera market continues to grow due to increasing security demand as well as replacement of analog products with digital models. Market forecasts indicate double-digit growth over the medium and long term. To date, Canon’s network camera business has achieved average growth of over 15%, outpacing the market. We have also grown our partner network in the field to an industry-leading 90,000 companies.
A major issue in Japan has been development of a safe and secure infrastructure, both to support large- scale sporting events such as the Rugby World Cup 2019 (TM) and the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, and to respond to natural disasters associated with climate change. Amid social adoption of IoT technologies, Canon aims to promote development of social infrastructure by providing
Relationship with SDGs
Canon’s efforts to create a safe and secure society are contributing to the realization of SDG 11: “make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable.” By providing optimized solutions for various customers including governments and commercial facilities, Canon seeks to satisfy social demand for safe, resilient and sustainable urban infrastructure.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2 GRI103-3
high-quality, high-performance network cameras, along with video content analytic software to analyze the vast amounts of videos from network cameras quickly and accurately.
We have pursued an M&A strategy to accelerate development and strengthen our set-up in this area. Axis, a major player in the network camera industry from Sweden, and Milestone, a leading Denmark-based supplier of global video management software, have both joined the Canon Group. In 2018, we also welcomed BriefCam, a leading company in video content analytic software from Israel. Going forward, by strengthening collaboration and accelerating technical integration with these companies, we are aiming to develop network visual solutions for application in a variety of fields, including health, nursing care, education, transport, and urban infrastructure.
Canon has put AI technology to practical use for detecting cracks in concrete structures as part of addressing the global issue of obsolete and aging infrastructure such as bridges and tunnels. Combining imaging and AI technologies to create accurate inspection data efficiently, Canon’s crack detection service significantly increases the efficiency of infrastructure inspections, contributing to the realization of a safe and secure society.
        31 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Examples of Value Creation
Network Cameras Support the Maintenance of Law and Order and Contribute to the Safety and Security of Society
The ME20F-SHN, an ultra-high-sensitivity network camera equipped with Canon’s proprietary 35mm full-frame CMOS sensor, makes color video capture possible in low-light environments that had been difficult for conventional network cameras. Its ultra- high sensitivity enables to capture video even when there is hardly any light where a subject would not be visible to the naked eye, allowing it to effectively monitor critical facilities or border crossings, as well as disaster sites during the night.
Network cameras installed outdoors for crime- prevention or disaster-monitoring purposes operate under highly variable natural conditions. Canon developed Hydrophilic Coating II to suppress the loss of visibility due to rain or dirt. Cameras equipped with this coating maintain clear visibility even during and after rainfall.
With a range of potential applications, Canon’s network cameras help to promote public safety day and night and regardless of the weather.
Video Content Analytic Software to Meet Safety and Security Needs
The network camera market has stimulated demand for solutions to record and analyze captured videos. Canon is promoting the development of video content analytic software products to support value-added solutions in sectors such as security, customer service and marketing.
To enhance the utility of videos captured by network cameras, Canon developed People Counter, a video content analytic software that can count from a small number of people to approximately 1,500 people, and,
in 2019 we introduced Crowd People Counter for Milestone XProtect, a video content analysis software that can count thousands of people in real time even in crowded conditions. The software uses enhanced crowd counting AI that leverages deep learning to count numbers of people in crowded areas, which can assist in deployment of security personnel or related security planning for public spaces or urban surveillance. It can also help authorities to provide appropriate instructions at large venues, events, or in disaster situations.
Monitor screen indicating crowd count
While the use of network camera video is expanding, privacy concerns exist around its use. Canon has developed Moving Object Mask, video content analytic software that helps to realize both the respect of privacy and monitoring for the safety in areas where network cameras are operating by silhouetting people within the video feed.
In providing video analytics solutions combining video content analytic software with video from high- quality, high-definition network cameras, Canon is contributing to the creation of a safe and secure society.
   Applying Video Synopsis® Technology for Efficient Video Analysis
The rapid adoption of network cameras has necessitated development of a method for efficiently extracting specific data from the vast quantity of video generated. BriefCam’s video content analytic (VCA) software utilizing its proprietary Video Synopsis technology enables videos captured at different times to be superimposed and displayed at the same time, thus shortening the video stream to roughly 3–5% of its original length. It gives the user instant access to videos of interest by enabling video images to be filtered by object
  size, color or various other characteristics.
Functions to boost the efficiency of video analytics
include the automatic charting of results using various filters, heat mapping, and alert functions based on characteristics or movement of objects.
Original 30-minute video compressed to review in 53 seconds
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 32

Expanding Our Medical Business
Management Approach
By integrating imaging and manufacturing technologies, we are contributing to better medical care through the development of advanced technologies in such areas as diagnostic imaging systems, healthcare IT and in vitro diagnostics.
 Canon’s Approach
Canon’s founder and first president, Takeshi Mitarai, who was also a doctor, was strongly committed to “contributing to society through medicine.” In 1941, not long after the company was established, Canon launched the first radiographic camera made in Japan to help detect pulmonary tuberculosis. Ever since, Canon has contributed to the early detection and treatment of disease by supplying ophthalmological instruments and diagnostic equipment using digital radiography and other technologies. In Phase V of the Excellent Global Corporation Plan, Canon is reinforcing medical operations as one of its new core businesses. The Canon Group expanded in 2016 to include Canon Medical (formerly Toshiba Medical Systems). Canon Medical has been developing medical systems operations for around a century, building up technical expertise in diagnostic equipment such as CT, MRI, X Ray and Ultrasound systems that reduce the burden on patients while providing highly detailed images for diagnostic purposes. Our aim is to supply solutions for patients and health professionals by combining AI with our proprietary image-processing technologies to support better medical diagnoses and improve patient outcomes.
With demand for wide-ranging healthcare services rising worldwide as populations age, the market is projected to grow. In July 2019, as part of moves to
Relationship with SDGs
The expansion of Canon’s medical business helps contribute to the realization of SDG 3: “ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages.” By further broadening open innovation programs with advanced medical institutions in Japan and other countries, we hope to contribute to SDG 17: “Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the Global Partnership for Sustainable Development” by finding solutions in the healthcare field and creating new value.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2 GRI103-3
strengthen the medical business further, Canon invested in Japanese Organization for Medical Device Development, Inc. (JOMDD). The aim is to create original value and help to accelerate business development using JOMDD’s open innovation platform to support incubator alliances focused on the commercialization of medical devices and other products.
In August 2019, Canon also initiated joint research with the Center for iPS Cell Research and Application, Kyoto University (CiRA) aimed at realizing high-quality autologous iPS cells. The aim is to develop techniques for low-cost examination based on Canon’s proprietary optical, measurement, image-processing and quality control technologies to support the manufacturing of iPS cells at lower cost and with shorter lead times.
Canon USA’s Healthcare Optics Research Laboratory in Boston conducts research into the latest technical advances in areas such as diagnostics and healthcare support in partnership with Harvard Medical School- affiliated institutions Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital.
Going forward, partnering with leading medical institutions in Japan and abroad, we plan to strengthen and expand our medical business centered on Canon Medical.
         33 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Examples of Value Creation
Solutions Developed Across Three Domains
Canon’s medical business spans the three domains of diagnostic imaging, healthcare IT and in vitro diagnostics. Across all these fields, our aim is to provide solutions that increase medical efficiency while ensuring patient comfort.
In diagnostic imaging, based on the pursuit of open innovation with leading medical institutions and universities worldwide, we are focusing on development of technologies to provide high- resolution images enabling accurate diagnosis while making procedures less invasive for patients based on reduced radiation exposure and shorter scan times.
In healthcare IT, by applying AI and other approaches, we aim to make medicine more efficient by providing medical information with high utility value based on integration and analysis of the vast amounts of data spread across medical institutions.
In the field of in vitro diagnostics, to detect disease earlier and help prevent the spread of infections, we are trying to introduce more advanced medicine through solutions to test blood, genetic and other samples, and with DNA chips for high-speed genetic analysis.
Clinical laboratory system (Canon Medical)
Deep Learning Technology for CT Image Reconstruction
The challenge with diagnostic scanners that utilize X-rays is exposing patients to as little radiation as possible while ensuring sufficiently high-resolution images to allow accurate diagnosis. Canon Medical has developed a technology called Advanced intelligent Clear-IQ Engine (AiCE) for CT image reconstruction. Employing a type of AI technology called deep learning to reduce noise in CT images, AiCE makes possible high-quality images while exposing patients to a lower dose of radiation. This technology is used in the world’s first ultra-high-resolution CT scanner Aquilion Precision, the Aquilion ONE/GENESIS Edition dynamic volume CT scanner, and the Aquilion Prime SP scanner. In July
2019, we added it to the Vantage Centurian MRI scanner as well. The unprecedented image quality and speed of imaging provide high-resolution diagnostic images while making procedures less invasive for patients using shorter scan time.
In Vitro Diagnostic Systems for Rapid,
Patient-friendly Diagnoses
Applying its know-how in sensitive detection technology, Canon Medical supplies in vitro diagnostic systems that detect the significantly small amount of virus present in the early stages of infection. Detecting viruses such as influenza accurately at an early stage is extremely useful to medical practitioners. The rapid detection system only requires the patient to sneeze into a paper tissue, making it ideal for testing even small children. Faster detection will make it possible to treat infections earlier, reducing the incidence of serious cases and limiting the spread of disease.
Canon Medical’s wide range of in vitro diagnostic systems for testing blood and other samples enable a range of clinical tests. With tropical viruses such as Ebola and Zika posing a growing global threat, we are developing DNA testing kits to help the early detection of infections in partnership with Nagasaki University under a research program sponsored by the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED). In 2018, we began selling the first RNA reagents in Japan for Zika virus detection. In 2019, we also developed a fluorescent LAMP reagent capable of room temperature storage and transportation. Field tests for Ebola virus detection have been conducted in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to support its use in tropical regions, and the research program is continuing.
Our aim going forward is to reduce patient burden while enabling more efficient medical care by developing faster tests that require smaller quantities of specimen.
Ebola virus testing in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
   Canon Sustainability Report 2020 34

Supporting Industrial Innovation
Management Approach
We are contributing to next-generation semiconductor and electronic equipment manufacturing by applying proprietary optical and image-processing technologies.
 Canon’s Approach
Semiconductor chips, which are often likened to the brain of electronic equipment, are an essential part of modern life due to their presence in equipment ranging from smartphones and PCs to televisions, air conditioners and automobiles. In line with the Society 5.0* vision promoted by the Japanese government, the key to a future sustainable society will be the use of data through innovative science and technology such as AI, IoT and robots. This is expected to drive further evolution of semiconductor chips and demand expansion.
Advancing the expansion of B-to-B operations as part of Phase V of its Excellent Global Corporation Plan, Canon aims to create new value by using proprietary optical and image-processing technologies developed over many years in the industrial machinery field.
In semiconductor manufacturing, building on conventional lithographic approaches as high-end device manufacturing moves into the IoT era, Canon is working to establish nanoimprint technology to achieve semiconductor-device miniaturization at lower cost.
In other sectors, OLED panel manufacturing equipment (Canon Tokki) and sputtering equipment
Relationship with SDGs
Through the expansion of business in the industrial machinery sector, Canon is contributing to the realization of SDG 9: “build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation.” Besides promoting increased efficiency for existing industries, we also aim to foster innovation that is continually adaptive of changes in society as part of our active contribution to the development of new industries.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2 GRI103-3
(Canon ANELVA) are supporting the front line of manufacturing.
In addition, in the field of factory automation, we are advancing our development for system solutions. We will accelerate our collaboration with robot manufacturers in a bid to help increase industrial manufacturing productivity.
* Society 5.0 is the Japanese government’s vision for a new form of society in which scientific and technical innovations such as AI, IoT, robots and big data are integrated widely across industry and society as part of realizing this new future society.
       Sputtering equipment (Canon ANELVA)
  35 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Examples of Value Creation
Technology Supporting Enriched Lifestyles
The functionality and memory capacity of semiconductor devices continue to rise as chip manufacturers adopt more complex circuit patterns and large-scale integration. Canon supplies lithography equipment for semiconductor mass production. Our focus is on the use of nanoimprint lithography, groundbreaking technology for stamping circuit patterns onto wafers at high resolution rather than following the conventional lithographic approach. This will support process migration while also achieving significant reductions in manufacturing costs. Our semiconductor lithography equipment using nanoimprint technology is currently installed at a leading chip manufacturer, where its suitability for mass-production purposes is being assessed.
Nanoimprint semiconductor lithography equipment in testing for mass production use at a memory chip manufacturer
Moreover, Canon ANELVA manufactures sputtering equipment employing high-vacuum thin-film process technology for use in semiconductor production, and it is the world’s sole supplier of sputtering equipment for hard disk drive (HDD) head production. In addition, equipment supplied by Canon ANELVA is helping to boost performance while dramatically reducing production costs for communications devices used in high-speed 5G networks.
With demand for OLED displays on the rise, the OLED panel manufacturing equipment developed and manufactured by Canon Tokki has become a critical component in production processes. Demand is expected to grow in the future as these displays offer new possibilities in smartphones, televisions and other electronic devices for thin-light and foldable forms. Based on overwhelming technological superiority compared to competitors in the OLED panel- manufacturing field, Canon is working to create innovative value to cater to rising demand for OLED displays for use in various products.
OLED panel manufacturing equipment developed and manufactured by Canon Tokki
Technology Supporting Innovation in Manufacturing
Canon is focusing efforts on the field of factory automation (FA), where demand has grown in recent years due to rising labor costs combined with labor shortages. Responding to these market trends, we are developing the Canon Industrial Imaging Platform as a system solution for shop floor visualization. By combining imaging technologies used in network cameras and industrial cameras with image-processing technology, we aim to support greater automation of production while helping to boost productivity. In 2019, we launched Vision Edition-U image-processing software that is compatible with collaborative robots made by Universal Robots and Canon network cameras. The image acquisition and processing capabilities of the software add value by enhancing the robots’ operational capabilities from the laboratory to the shop floor, enabling development of automation solutions for various factory environments. Going forward, we plan to collaborate with varied partners to help automate production facilities and increase productivity.
   Canon Sustainability Report 2020 36

 Protecting and Conserving the Environment
 Management Approach
Working to realize kyosei throughout the product lifecycle.
Materiality and Environmental Aspects
Canon works to protect and conserve the environment throughout the product lifecycle, with emphasis on four material areas: (1) contributing to a low-carbon society; (2) contributing to a circular economy; (3) eliminating hazardous substances and preventing pollution; and (4) contributing to a society in harmony with nature.
To advance efficiently and effectively with initiatives in all areas, we take regular action to monitor the characteristics of our business activities and their impact on the environment and to ensure that we remain up to date with social issues such as the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In addition, we use the procedures indicated below to analyze materiality and identify relevant material issues in the environmental domain.
First, we analyze how our business activities relate to environmental issues and needs. We then assign them a level of priority based on the relative level of interest among stakeholders, ascertained with the help of surveys, and the relative impact on our business activities.
The issue of the greatest relative interest to stakeholders is found to be “reuse and recycling of used products,” followed by “management of chemical substances contained in products,” “management of air emissions and prevention of pollution,” “management of raw material use,” and “reduction of energy consumption.”
Considering next the issue of relative impact on our business activities, we recognize that issues relating to resource circulation and the prevention of global warming, such as “reuse and recycling of used products”
Materiality Matrix
High
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2
and “management of raw material use” have a major impact on our business activities in terms of product competitiveness, costs and other factors, which is why we give them high priority.
Also, the issue of the “management of chemical substances contained in products” is one to which Canon assigns a high level of priority because of its potential links to health issues and environmental pollution and the resulting global trend toward stricter and more extensive regulation of chemical substances. We recognize it as a social issue within our corporate responsibility where more efficient communication of information along the supply chain is important.
We recognize the importance of initiatives relating to the “management of air emissions and prevention of pollution” in regions where the Canon Group has operations. We continue to ensure to meet the targets and emissions standards that we have set in this area along with “reduction of energy consumption.”
As for “biodiversity conservation,” while the relative interest of stakeholders is not as high, there are elements that are directly and indirectly related to various aspects of our business. So we consider this a material issue to address.
In this way, by taking careful note of social issues and needs, the level of stakeholder interest, and a wide range of other changes in the world around us, Canon continues to drive forward and develop initiatives throughout the product lifecycle, thus progressing toward the realization of kyosei.
      37
Canon Sustainability Report 2020
• Management of water use • Biodiversity conservation
• Management of air emissions and prevention of pollution
• Reduction of energy consumption
• Reduction of waste/Prevention of water
and soil pollution
• Management of environmental burden of transportation
• Reuse and recycling of used products
• Management of chemical substances contained in products
• Management of raw material use • Energy-efficient products
Relative impact on Canon’s business activities
High
Relative interests of stakeholders

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Environmentally Conscious Management
Canon’s Approach to Environmental Assurance
Based on our corporate philosophy of kyosei, Canon’s approach to environmental assurance centers on maximizing resource efficiency to harmonize our environmental and economic activities. The EQCD concept, which stands for environment (E), quality (Q), cost (C), and delivery (D), forms part of our basic policy on environmental assurance, which we define as a qualification for product manufacturing.
In 2008, we formulated our environmental vision,
Action for Green, based on the Canon Group Environmental Charter. Our vision for the future is a society that achieves a beneficial balance between enriched lifestyles and the environment. With this vision in mind, we are working to create products that combine high functionality with minimal environmental impact across the entire product lifecycle, collaborating with the Canon Group and with customers and business partners to expand the scope of these initiatives.
 Canon Environmental Vision
Through technological innovation and improved management efficiency
throughout all of its corporate activities, Canon aims to achieve sustainable corporate growth while also realizing a society that promotes both enriched lifestyles and the environment.
To this end, Canon offers greater value using fewer resources throughout the entire product lifecycle —Produce, Use, Recycle—
to achieve highly functional products
with minimal environmental burden.
Canon continues to expand these activities with its customers and business partners.
Canon will contribute to a future that promotes both enrichment
and the environment through technological innovation.
  Canon Group Environmental Charter
Corporate Philosophy: Kyosei
Achieve corporate growth and development while contributing to the prosperity of
the world and the happiness of humankind.
Environmental Assurance Philosophy
In the interest of world prosperity and the happiness of humankind, pursue maximization of resource efficiency, and contribute to the creation of a society that practices sustainable development.
Fundamental Policies for Environmental Assurance
Seek to harmonize environmental and economic interests in all business activities, products and services (the EQCD concept); offer products with lower environmental burden through innovative improvements in resource efficiency, and eliminate anti-social activities that threaten the health and safety of mankind and the environment.
EQCD Concept
E: Environment ................ Companies are not qualified to manufacture goods if
     (environmental assurance)
Q: Quality
C: Cost
D: Delivery
they are incapable of environmental assurance.
................ Companies are not qualified to market goods if they are incapable of producing quality goods.
................ Companies are not qualified to compete if they are incapable of meeting cost and delivery requirements.
  1. Optimize the organizations for prompting the Canon Group’s global environmental efforts, and promote environmental assurance activities for the Group as a whole.
2. Assess the environmental impact of entire product lifecycles and explore ways to minimize environmental burden.
3. Promote the research and development of technologies and materials essential for environmental assurance and share the achievements with society.
4. Comply with all applicable laws in each country/region and other requirements the Canon Group agrees upon with stakeholders, and promote energy and resource conservation and elimination of hazardous substances in all corporate activities.
5. In procuring and purchasing necessary resources, give priority to materials, parts and products with lower environmental burden.
6. Establish an Environmental Management System (EMS) and establish and periodically review environmental objectives and targets to prevent environmental pollution and damage, and steadily reduce environmental burden.
7. Actively disclose to all stakeholders information on environmental burden and keep them updated on the progress of environmental measures.
8. Raise the environmental awareness of employees and educate them to take the initiative in environmental protection.
9. Maintain close relationships with governments, communities, and other interested parties, and actively support and participate in environmental protection activities.
23 March, 2007
Chairman & CEO Canon Inc.
 Canon Group Environmental Charter
Canon Environmental Vision
Environmental Targets and Achievements
Overall Target, Product Targets and Operational Site Targets
Canon takes account of environmental impacts at each stage of the product lifecycle and works to reduce them. This applies not just to our own development, production and marketing activities but also includes the production of raw materials and components by suppliers, the transport of products to retail outlets, and even customer use, disposal and recycling.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 38

To gauge our progress in reducing these impacts over the entire product lifecycle, we convert each type of environmental impact to CO2 equivalents, and, using these as benchmarks, we set an overall goal for our Medium-Term Environmental Targets of achieving an average 3% per year improvement in the index of lifecycle CO2 emissions per product unit. This enables us to use a single integrated index figure to monitor progress across the full range of environmental activities, from the development of more lightweight, more compact products and more efficient logistics operations to energy-saving initiatives at production sites, development of products that are energy-saving during utilization, and more effective product recycling.
We have broken down the overall target into product targets and operational site targets. We have established a product target of an average 3% improvement per year in the raw materials and usage CO2 emissions improvement index per product, and operational sites have unit improvement targets covering energy consumption, total waste generation, water usage, and emission of controlled chemical substances.
Coordination with the Business Plan
With the aim of improving coordination between environmental management and business management, Canon’s Medium-Term Environmental Targets are designed on a timeframe shared in common with the business plan. Additionally, to decide whether they need adjustment, the Medium-Term Environmental Targets are reviewed every year to align them with the three-year business plan, which focuses on technology and products and is created with reference to the Excellent Global Corporation Plan that sets the company’s direction for five years at a time.
Review of the Overall Target from a Long-Term Perspective
A 3% average yearly reduction in product lifecycle CO2 emissions, which is the overall target set in 2008, would, if sustained, mean a roughly 50% reduction from 2008 levels by the year 2030. We recognize this to be in line with the level of reduction called for by the Paris Agreement. We will continue to undertake target reviews from a long-term perspective as a way of checking our contribution to the realization of a low-carbon society.
Achievement Relative to the Overall Target
We achieved our target of improving lifecycle CO2 emissions per product by an average 3% per year, recording an average improvement of 4.7% (2008–2019) thanks to the ongoing efforts of our business units throughout the entire product lifecycle. This represents an improvement of 40% compared to 2008.
Lifecycle CO2 Emissions Improvement Index per Product
 100
80
60
40
20
40.0% improvement
              0
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
* Indexed to 2008 = 100
Achievement of Product Targets
We continued with initiatives including efforts to make products more compact, lightweight, and energy efficient, and achieved an average annual improvement of 2.9% (2008–2019) in raw materials and usage CO2 emissions per product, falling just short of our target of 3%.
Achievement of Operational Site Targets
■ Energy consumption per basic unit at operational sites The Facilities Management Headquarters is the primary driver of energy-reduction activities. In 2019, energy consumption per basic unit improved by 4.5% over the previous year, exceeding the 1.2% improvement target.
■ Total waste generation per basic unit
As a result of such initiatives as reducing waste at manufacturing sites and recycling waste generated internally at manufacturing sites, we met our target of a 1.0% improvement with a 4.4% reduction in total waste generation over 2018.
■ Water usage per basic unit in production
Water usage per basic unit of production declined by 0.2% compared to 2018 on the strength of efforts to improve water management including more efficient water use and greater reuse of wastewater. However, technical difficulties at certain production sites meant that our target of a 1.0% improvement remained slightly out of reach.
■ Emissions of controlled chemical substances per basic unit We achieved a 7.9% improvement over 2018 in emissions of controlled chemical substances per basic unit, attaining our target of a 1.0% improvement, by reducing chemical substances used in manufacturing processes and reusing materials.
 39 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Improvement index

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Environmental Targets and Achievements
3%-per-year average improvement in lifecycle CO2 emissions improvement index per product
3%-per-year average improvement in raw materials and use CO2 emissions improvement index per product
Improve energy consumption per basic unit at operational sites* (excluding marketing sites) by 1.2% (compared to 2018)
Improve total waste generation per basic unit at operational sites* (excluding marketing sites) by 1% (compared to 2018)
Improve water usage per basic unit in production* by 1% (compared to 2018)
Improve emissions of controlled chemical substances per basic unit at operational sites* (excluding marketing sites) by 1% (compared to 2018)
Avg. improvement: 4.7% p.a. (2008–2019)
Avg. improvement: 2.9% p.a. (2008–2019)
4.5% improvement over 2018
4.4% improvement over 2018 0.2% improvement over 2018 7.9% improvement over 2018
  Lifecycle
2019–2021 Medium-Term Environmental Targets
  2019 Environmental Targets
2019 Achievements
        * The basic unit denominator is decided according to the characteristics of each operational site (production volume, effective floor area, workforce, etc.)
In 2020, we will work for further improvements in performance across the board, with targets set at the same level as in 2019.
Overview of Environmental Impacts
The resources (input) that Canon used in its business activities over the entire product lifecycle and emissions into the environment (output) are as shown in the following figures.
Total lifecycle CO2 emissions in 2019 were approximately 6.09 million tons, a decrease of roughly 0.96 million tons compared to 2018. This figure reflected initiatives at all stages of the product
2019 Material Balance
lifecycle, from the manufacture of raw materials and components by suppliers through activities at development, production and sales sites to logistics operations and customer use. The figure in turn corresponds to approximately 0.02% of the 2018 world total CO2 emissions volume of approximately 33.1 billion tons as reported by the International Energy Agency (IEA).
2019 Achievements
 Products
Operational Sites
  INPUT
    Energy resources ......................42,338 TJ Steel and nonferrous metals .... 328,000 t Plastics ................................... 265,000 t Electronic parts ........................... 7,000 t Glass ........................................ 12,000 t Paper ........................................ 91,000 t
Electricity ...................................6,992 TJ Gas............................................1,714 TJ Oil ................................................680 TJ Steam ...........................................165 TJ Water resources .................9,212,000 m3 Auxiliary materials (chemical substances) .. 9,575 t
    Recycling
Fuel for transportation................3,895 TJ
Electricity .................................17,313 TJ
 Reused parts ............................... 1,574 t Recycled materials....................... 3,498 t
     Production of raw materials and parts by suppliers
Operational site activities (development, production, sales)
* Scope 1: Direct GHG emissions (combustion of city gas, LPG, light oil, kerosene, non-energy derived GHG, etc.)
Scope 2: Indirect GHG emissions (consumption of electricity, steam, etc.)
Scope 3: Supply chain-related GHG emissions (production of purchased goods and services [Category 1], upstream transportation and distribution [Category 4], use of sold products [Category 11])
Calculation of categories 1, 4, 11 from Scope 3 of the GHG Protocol
Transportation to sales and other outlets (logistics)
Customer use
 OUTPUT
Scope 3 Category 1: Scope 1: 151,500 (t-CO2e) Scope 3 Category 4: Scope 3 Category 11: 2,602,000 (t-CO2e) Scope 2: 890,000 (t-CO2e) 290,000 (t-CO2e) 2,155,000 (t-CO2e)
    CO2........................... 2,602,000 (t-CO2e)
CO2........................... 1,041,000 (t-CO2e) SOx................................................. 1.0 t NOx .............................................. 52.9 t Discharged water ...............7,337,000 m3 BOD impact.................................... 248 t SS impact....................................... 162 t Emissions of controlled
chemical substances....................... 452 t Waste ......................................... 2,195 t
CO2.............................. 290,000 (t-CO2e)
CO2........................... 2,155,000 (t-CO2e)
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 40

Lifecycle GHG Emissions (CO2 Equivalent)
■Manufacture of raw materials and parts: Scope 3 (Category 1) ■Operational site activities: Scopes 1 and 2
■Logistics: Scope 3 (Category 4) (1,000 t-CO2)
■Customer use: Scope 3 (Category 11)
1.79
6,081
Basic unit of consolidated net sales (t-CO2/¥1 million)
 10,000 7,500 5,000 2,500
1.61 6,112
1.81 7,381
1.78
7,043
1.69 6,088
2.0
1.5
1.0
 Category
1
2
5
Scope
1,966
343 1,162
2,065
322 1,120
3,084
380 1,137
2,780
356 1,091
2,155 290
2,816 00
* Figures for 2017 onwards include data for Canon Medical.
2,781
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
2,641
2,574
2019 (1,000 t-CO2e)
Calculation Method
1,041 0.5 2,602
 Scope 3 GHG Emissions in 2019
  Purchased goods and services
2,602
Calculated by multiplying the weight of each material input (including any inputs emitted as waste) by the emission factor for each material/process.
Calculated by multiplying the total amount of each asset category of purchased capital goods by the emission factor for each asset category.
Calculated by finding the total for fuel and electricity usage at each operational site and then multiplying it by the emission factor from fuel extraction to burning and power generation.
Logistics from the supplier to Canon manufacturing sites is calculated by finding the average transport distance and transport volume and then multiplying this by the emission factor for transportation.
Logistics from manufacturing site to customer’s warehouse is calculated by multiplying the emission factor of transportation by logistics performance data.
The total weight of waste generated by material and disposal process at each operational site is derived and then multiplied by the end-of-life treatment emission factor.
The emission factor for each transportation method is multiplied by the total payment amount for each transportation method.
For business travel using a personal vehicle, the total payment amount is converted to fuel usage and then multiplied by the emission factor of fuel consumption.
The emission factor for each transportation method is multiplied by the total payment amount for each transportation method.
For commutes by private vehicle, total fuel usage is derived from amounts paid and then multiplied by the emission factor for fuel combustion.
CO2 emissions from leased buildings and vehicles are applicable, but both are included in Scope 1 and Scope 2.
Average transport distance and weight of transported products is calculated for each region and multiplied by the emission factor of transportation.
Emissions from production by outsourcing partners of intermediate products used in sale of Canon-branded products are included in Category 1.
Lifetime energy usage is calculated for each product and then multiplied by the average electricity emission factor.
Sold products are categorized by material and then the emission factor of end-of-life treatment is multiplied by each based on the volume of materials used.
Leased assets such as multifunction devices are included in Category 11 above together with sold products
Not applicable Not applicable
   Capital goods 609
Fuel- and energy-related
activities not included in 91 Scope 1 or Scope 2
   3
   4
Upstream transportation and distribution
Waste generated in operations
290
1
       6
Business travel 45
Employee commuting 121
    7
    8
Upstream leased assets
Downstream transport and distribution
Processing of sold products
0
47
0
   9
   10
   11
Use of sold products 2,155
   12
End-of-life treatment of sold products
Downstream leased assets
206
0
   13
   14
Franchises 0
Investments 0
6,166
   15
   Scope 3
    Basic Approach to CO2 Calculations
Canon compiles data for greenhouse gas (GHG; energy-derived greenhouse gas CO2, and non-energy derived greenhouse gases PFCs, HFCs, SF6, N2O, methane, and NF3) designated under the Kyoto Protocol (revised version).
For CO2 emission factors for electricity, figures provided by individual electricity supply companies are used, but publicly disclosed region- specific figures are used when figures are not provided by electricity supply companies (Please refer to Operational Sites Covered in the Environmental Section on page 122). As the latest CO2 conversion coefficients become public after compilation of CO2 data for the report, the data are adjusted retroactively in subsequent reports. For figures on customer use, electricity consumption of products shipped in a given year is calculated based on the average lifetime and printing volume, and converted to the CO2 equivalent using CO2 emission factors for electricity which are calculated in the same way as the above methods. Other CO2 emission factors use coefficients from the Carbon Footprint Communication Program of Sustainable Management Promotion Organization (SuMPO). Past data may be revised due to improvements in the precision of data collection.
Third-Party Verification of GHG Emissions (Converted to CO2)
Third-party verification has been obtained for CO2 emissions data and basic unit of consolidated net sales appearing in “2019 Material Balance” and “Lifecycle GHG Emissions (CO2 Equivalent)” in 2018/2019 and for each data in “Scope 3 GHG Emissions in 2019.”
41 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Global Environmental Promotion System
Canon Group companies around the world are working as one in carrying out environmental assurance activities to achieve our environmental targets and realize the above-mentioned environmental vision. Led by the Global Environment Center (GEC) under the supervision of the Executive Vice President of Canon Inc., who serves as the director in charge of the environment, we carry out environmental activities in a global system that unites product operations, manufacturing sites and marketing companies worldwide. The GEC reports each month to its director about all environmental activities to gain approval and receive instructions on any required improvements.
Global Environmental Promotion System
advance the environmental assurance activities of the entire Canon Group.
The Global Environment Center ensures the smooth management of this system by gathering information on environment-related laws and regulations, establishing environmental policies and rules for the entire Group, and planning and managing evaluation methods for environmental assurance activities.
Manufacturing and sales companies in Japan and outside Japan obtain ISO 14001 consolidated certification as an objective third-party evaluation of EMS effectiveness. As of 2019, ISO 14001 consolidated certification covers Canon Inc. as well as 126 Group companies in 40 countries (668 operational sites) and regions around the world. The Canon Group received the positive evaluation from the accreditation body that “within the context of a business environment undergoing great change, the Canon Group as a whole has identified new risks and opportunities associated with prospective expansion into new business domains, and has incorporated these in its EMS.”
The acquisition of consolidated Group certification has supported strengthening of corporate governance and efficient environmental management within the Canon Group. Under this system, the Global Environment Center oversees the environmental assurance activities of the entire Group. Following management review, it submits a report on the progress of relevant activities for the approval of the Chairman and the President of Canon Inc. and the Executive Vice President, who is responsible for environmental matters.
Reference: ISO 14001 Certifications Obtained https://global.canon/en/environment/data/pdf/canon-list-e.pdf
Canon’s Environmental Management System
Materiality
 Canon Inc.
Chairman
President Director in charge of the environment (Executive Vice President)
Reporting
Approval
  Stakeholders
Global Environment Center
 Communication
Reporting
Implementation
      Products operations
Manufacturing companies in Japan
Manufacturing companies outside Japan
Environmental Management System
The Canon Group has established an environmental management system (EMS) covering its operational sites in Japan and outside Japan as a mechanism for continually improving the quality and efficiency of environmental assurance activities according to ISO 14001 standards.
This EMS promotes environmental assurance activities (Do), which are linked with activities of each division (products operations, operational sites, and Group companies). In turn, we set annual and medium-term environmental targets (Plan) and establish action plans and important measures to achieve those targets, which are reflected in our business activities. Moreover, we carry out “Environmental audit programs” to check the progress of initiatives as well as any issues to be addressed in each division, and “Environmental performance evaluations,” to assess our environmental performance (Check). We then work to continually improve and enhance our environmental assurance activities (Act). By implementing the PDCA cycle for environmental assurance activities of each division, we achieve continual improvement and reinforcement and
Marketing companies in Japan
Marketing regional headquarters outside Japan
  Marketing sites
in Japan
Marketing companies outside Japan
 Canon Group Environmental Charter
   Canon Environmental Vision
Risks and Opportunities
   Environmental Targets
PLAN
    Environmental Assurance Activities in Each Division
DO
P AD C
 Improvement and Enhancement of Environmental Assurance Activities
ACT
 Promoting Maximization
of Resource Efficiency
    Environmental Audit Programs and Environmental Performance Evaluation System
 CHECK
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 42

Product Development System Using LCA Methodology
Canon’s environmental initiatives are not limited to its manufacturing processes, but undertaken over the entire product lifecycle. Lifecycle assessment (LCA) methodology has been introduced in the product development stage to help reduce environmental impacts throughout the product lifecycle. Canon has established an LCA development management system that can centrally manage all processes from product development to information disclosure. This system ensures that CO2 emissions can be calculated from the development and design stages, which we use when manufacturing products as we move toward our environmental targets.
Flow Chart of Environmentally Conscious Design Using LCA Methodology
LCA from the design stage
Reference: Canon’s Life Cycle Assessment https://global.canon/en/environment/lca/index.html
Product Environmental Assessments
Canon conducts an environmental assessment at the product realization stage to check whether a product meets product environmental legal requirements and other requirements applicable
for products and has achieved the necessary environmental performances.
In the first step of the assessment, an environmental performance target is assigned to the product at the product planning stage. Before the decision is made to realize the product and initiate mass production, Canon evaluates whether this target has been met, and ascertains whether the product also satisfies the applicable legal and other requirements.
Environmental Assurance Activities in Cooperation with Suppliers
In addition to its own environmental initiatives, Canon gives attention to the operations of partners that supply parts and materials. Canon has established Canon Green Procurement Standards, which outline its environment-related requests to suppliers. Suppliers must comply with these standards to do business with Canon.
Specifically, we view a supplier’s environmental management as consisting of two interrelated elements: Management of business activities and Management of parts and materials. We require that the supplier must operate effective environmental management in each of the four frameworks labeled A – D in the diagram below. If a supplier is found to have a negative impact on the environment, we immediately demand corrective action be taken and check the status of improvements made.
Canon has manufacturing bases around the globe. Through steady efforts such as these initiatives, we are striving to prevent pollution and lessen the environmental impact throughout the supply chain.
Reference: Green Procurement https://global.canon/en/procurement/green.html
 Overall targets
 LCA for the entire Group
 Business unit targets
 LCA for each business
(environmental performance assessment)
  Product targets
    Conceptual design
Development design
Requirements of the Canon Green Procurement Standards
Prototype for mass production
Production
 Performance
 B: Performance of business activities
- Compliance with environment-related laws and regulations
- Compliance with other applicable legal requirements
- No use of prohibited substances
- Reduction in the use of substances targeted for reduced levels of use - Preventative measures against soil and groundwater pollution
 Environmental management system
  Business activities
A: Environmental management system for business activities
Construction and operation of an environmental management system for business activities
     Parts & Materials
 C: Management of chemical substances in products
Constructing and operating of system
for management of chemical substances in products
   D: Performance of parts and materials
- No prohibited substances are contained
- No use-restricted substances are contained after a specified period
  43 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Evaluation per supplier (A-C) Evaluation per part and material (D)

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Stronger Risk Management Aimed at Preventing Pollution
It was already Canon practice to check suppliers regarding the organization and environmental performance of their business activities and any corrective measures taken. Now, it has further strengthened its risk management to help prevent pollution in its supply chain.
For example, in order to ensure compliance with strengthened regulation of operating sites, we are taking measures to boost information gathering and analysis activities regarding laws and regulations on
wastewater and emissions in emerging countries. We are also reinforcing risk management in plating processes, where there is a relatively high risk of environmental pollution associated with wastewater treatment as a certain volume of heavy metals is used. As some of our plating contractors, who constitute tier-two suppliers, lack an in-house wastewater treatment facility and subcontract services to a wastewater treatment provider, Canon now also verifies the compliance status of these subcontractors. Expanding the scope of risk management in this way helps ensure that pollution is prevented in advance.
Since 2001, these scores have been incorporated alongside business performance in consolidated performance evaluations.
The Global Environment Center sets the environmental evaluation criteria and carries out the evaluations, which account for approximately 10% of the overall consolidated performance evaluation. Environmental evaluation indicators include compliance with laws and company rules, achievement of environmental targets, improvements in the environmental performance of products, and environmental communication, among others. Results are announced to the Group every six months.
In this way, Canon incorporates the environment into business activities and includes it as one element of overall performance evaluation.
Environmental Performance Evaluation Process
Reflected in consolidated performance evaluation
 Canon Recognized as “Five-Star Green Supply Chain” Company
The Canon Group was certified as a “Five-Star Green Supply Chain” company by the China Environmental United Certification Center* (CEC), an influential body that assesses companies’ activities based on the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the People’s Republic of China (currently the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People’s Republic of China)’s policy of “promoting green supply chain management through green procurement and production.” In addition to practicing green procurement, the CEC recognizes our efforts to build trust with suppliers as part of establishing a green supply chain satisfying the highest compliance standards.
The five-star Certificate of Green Supply Chain Assessment
 * The China Environmental United Certification Center, approved by China’s Ministry of Ecology and
Environment to certify product ecolabels on behalf of the country. The Center is also China’s first third-party organization to perform green supply chain rating certifications.
Confirming the Effectiveness of Environmental Management
Canon uses internal environmental audit to confirm the effectiveness of environmental management systems. Internal environmental audits are composed of headquarters environmental audits performed by the Global Environment Center, and operational site environmental audits and product environmental audits conducted by the audit divisions of operational sites and products operations. Mutual cross-site audits are also carried out in certain locations.
Results of internal environmental audits conducted throughout the year are compiled by the Group audit management section of the Global Environment Center, and reported to the Chairman, President and Executive Vice President in management reviews.
In 2019, the audits found no major nonconformity or violations. From the perspective of continual improvement and prevention, we are taking steps to rectify even minor findings in operations management.
Environmental Performance Evaluations Coordinated with Business Management Through environmental performance evaluations, the outcomes of the environmental activities at individual product operations, operational sites and sales companies are evaluated and scored twice yearly.
 Global Environment Center
Numerical evaluations of progress of key operations
    Product operations
Operational sites
Marketing subsidiaries
   Environmental performance evaluations of products
Environmental performance evaluations of manufacturing activities
Environmental performance evaluations of marketing activities
 Canon Sustainability Report 2020 44

Sharing of environmental information with management and employees Environmental Awards and Environmental Exhibition To promote improved staff awareness and activities in relation to the environment, Canon started holding an internal exhibition introducing good practices of environmental activities from Japan in 2003. The exhibition went global in 2008, when good practices of overseas activities were also included. And in 2009, the exhibition developed into the environmental award system, in which top management awarded outstanding environmental activities. The exhibition and the award system have enabled management to identify outstanding examples of good environmental practice and promote their rollout company-wide and served as a valuable opportunity to raise employees’ environmental awareness. Started in 2013, the simultaneous holding of a virtual exhibition on the Group intranet has allowed many Group employees to access the exhibition all year round, which has helped to cultivate the horizontal rollout of best practice across the entire organization.
Meanwhile, the design team and global environment team together create and distribute posters to Group companies around the world. These posters help raise employee awareness about the environment globally.
Environmental Activity Reports
To promote rapid sharing of information on the latest environmental trends within and outside the Group, including policy trends in different countries around the world and the Canon’s level of progress with environmental targets, environmental activity reports in Japanese and English have been published every month since 2008 to management, including at overseas group companies. The same report is also distributed to the department responsible for environmental activities within each organization, allowing the whole Group to identify trends within and outside the Group in a timely manner.
Environmental Education
Canon’s environmental education programs provide a basic environmental training to all employees, and a specialized training for employees engaged in specific types of work.
The basic environmental training aims to equip employees with an awareness of the importance of environmental assurance activities and an understanding of related policies and targets, while the specialized training program aims to enhance the capabilities of employees involved in environmental assurance activities.
The specialized training program consists of product environment, operational site environment and environmental audit sections. Of these, product environment training involves detailed programs to enhance the abilities of those responsible for product environmental assessments and product surveys.
These educational programs are designed to enable employees to receive needed training at a time that suits their schedule and in the format that best suits the purpose, whether e-learning, group discussion, group work, or other method.
In particular, among the specialized environmental training programs, Canon is reinforcing its education course for risk management globally, and has been using training materials in English and Chinese since 2016. As of the end of 2019, employees involved in related operations had completed this training program (total of approximately 5,000 participants).
Since 2017, we have also provided recycling training as part of the hands-on factory training for newly hired technicians and engineers. At Canon Ecology Industry, practical training in recycling is given, including instruction in how to disassemble multifunctional office equipment.
 Top management judges entries at the Environmental Awards ceremony
Original environmental awareness-raising poster (2019)
 45 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Environmental Communication
Information Disclosure to Stakeholders, Education and Awareness
Canon has been vigilant in disclosing environmental information to a diverse range of stakeholders.
Besides the publication of this report, Canon actively uses a range of media and platforms to inform stakeholders about its environmental activities, including its official environment website, various exhibitions and other events.
Canon also promotes environmental education and awareness activities for the benefit of people in regional communities, providing environmental outreach classes for elementary students and environmental programs run in cooperation with regional organizations. Canon has held a total of over 220 outreach classes on toner cartridge recycling since 2011 for more than about 11,000 participants. In 2017, this program was accredited by the Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games as “Tokyo 2020 Official Programme (Sustainability).”
Meanwhile, Canon Group companies worldwide have been switching off their lights to participate in the global environmental event, Earth Hour*, since 2016.
* Earth Hour is a global lights-off event started by the WWF (World Wildlife Federation) in 2007.
Reference: Environmental Outreach Classes https://cweb.canon.jp/ecology/delivery-class/index.html (Japanese website only)
An environmental outreach class
Information Transmission at Canon Eco Technology Park
The Canon Eco Technology Park, which opened in February 2018, is not only a cutting-edge recycling plant, but also serves as a focal point of the environmental activities of the Canon Group. The facility offers a tour of Canon’s automated toner and ink cartridge recycling systems and a showroom introducing Canon’s wide variety of activities, such as
the Canon Bird Branch Project, through information panels, videos, and hands-on content. In this way, it is not only a place where customers can come to observe our operations, but also serves as an environmental education center for elementary school pupils and other groups from the general public. Our educational programs offer hands-on experiences such as taking part in experimental sorting of materials by magnetism, weight, size and other properties, as well as opportunities to see in action the recycling technology participants have learned about. In this way, participants get to see scientific knowledge being applied in practice for the benefit of recycling.
A project based at the Canon Eco Technology Park and designed to showcase environmental activities won a Good Design Award 2019 from the Japan Institute of Design Promotion.
Reference: Canon Eco Technology Park https://global.canon/ja/environment/ecotechnopark/index.html (Japanese website only)
(For inquiries on educational visits and related matters, please contact us through the website shown above.)
  Learning about the environment at the Canon Eco Technology Park showroom
Environmental Regulatory Compliance and Response to Complaints
As a result of implementing an environmental management system coordinated across the Group, Canon came through 2019 without a single legal violation or accident that seriously impacted the environment. The Canon Group also did not incur any fines. Operational sites received complaints about issues such as facilities generating noise and foul odors emitted by factories, all of which were resolved satisfactorily via appropriate measures.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 46

 Contributing to a Low-Carbon Society
Canon is working to reduce CO2 emissions at all stages of the product lifecycle.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) Targets
* Target 7.2: Increase substantially the share of renewable energy in the global energy mix Target 7.3: Double the global rate of improvement in energy efficiency
Target 13.2: Integrate climate change measures into national policies, strategies, and planning
    Contributing to a Low-Carbon Society Climate Change, Energy
• Designing energy-efficient products
• Improving energy efficiency at operational sites • Use of renewable energy
• Reducing CO2 emissions from logistics
Target 13.2
Target 7.3
   Target 13.2
Target 7.3
     Target 13.2
Target 7.2
   Target 13.2
Target 7.3
 CO2 Reduction in Product Development
Energy-Saving Designs for Office Equipment
Thanks to energy-saving technologies used in office equipment, between 2008 and 2019 Canon products achieved cumulative energy savings of 49,858GWh. This is expected to result in a CO2 reduction of 23,593,000 tons.
Reference: Environmental Technologies https://global.canon/en/technology/support05.html
Energy/CO2-Saving Effects of Office Equipment (Cumulative)
The multifunction office device imageRUNNER
ADVANCE Gen3 3rd Edition is fitted with a range of
features that contribute to increased efficiency in
office operations, including a human sensor that
activates automatic recovery from sleep mode and
reduced waiting time for sleep mode recovery.
Additionally, the imageRUNNER ADVANCE C5550F III
pursues energy-efficient design through features such
as on-demand fixing technology, a high-performance
main controller, and a toner designed for optimal melt characteristics. These features enable it to achieve approximately 47% reduction in CO2 emissions during
customer use compared to the imageRUNNER
ADVANCE C5250F. It thus manages to combine
improved product functions with reduced CO2 45,000 emissions. Meanwhile, the A4 monochrome laser
■ Cumulativeamountofenergysaved
Cumulative CO2 emissions reduction effect of sold products
(GWh)
75,000 60,000
30,000 15,000
* Covered products: Electrophotographic multifunction devices and laser printers for offices (excluding production printers).
* Energy-saving effect using the average energy (electricity) consumed by products sold in 2007 as a baseline.
* Cumulative yearly effect assumes that products sold in each year are used for 5 years.
* CO2 emissions factors are calculated by using the weighted average of sales per region based on emission factors published by the Federation of Electric Power Companies (in Japan) and the International Energy Agency (outside Japan).
Environmentally Conscious Designs for Medical Equipment
We are promoting environmental consciousness not only in office equipment but also across a wide range of product fields. Vantage Orian is Canon Medical Systems’ new flagship MRI system, a wide-bore 1.5T (Tesla) system
(1,000 t-CO2)
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
 23,593
49,858
   printer LBP162/161 achieves the lowest electric power consumption for its range at 0.6W within a compact width of just 371 mm. As well as contributing to space-saving in the office environment, it also realizes energy-saving as a business printer.
imageRUNNER ADVANCE C5500F III Series (left) Satera LBP162/161 (right)
5,000 00
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
    47 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
realized in the smallest installation space for a model in its class. This not only makes it easy to select the installation site, but also reduces installation time and costs. The system is automatically switched to standby mode during intervals between examinations, reducing standby power consumption. In addition, the optimal running of the magnet cooling system helps significantly reduce power consumption during a non-operational state. These functions allow running costs to be reduced without the operator’s involvement. Compared with the previous model, annual electric power consumption is reduced by up to 34%, while lifecycle CO2 emissions are reduced by 181 tons. These and other improvements not only raise quality standards at the medical frontline but also contribute significantly to environmental progress.
Vantage Orian MRI system
Contributing to CO2 Reduction Across the Whole of Society
In addition to reducing lifecycle CO2 emissions through hardware measures, we are deploying IT solutions to improve the efficiency of work operations, reduce the movements of people and objects, and realize savings in the consumption of resources and energy. This also promotes CO2 reduction in the office and in society as a whole. For example, the computerization of paper documents not only allows more efficient document management, but also contributes to savings in paper resources used and storage space required, enabling customer enterprises to reduce resource consumption and CO2 emissions. By delivering to society a range of IT solutions in addition to the hardware-based CO2 reductions, Canon will continue contributing to reducing CO2 emissions not only in its own operations but also in society as a whole, moving thus toward the global goal of net zero emissions by 2050.
Helping Customers Reduce Their Environmental Impact
Using the Carbon Offset Program (Japan) Canon promotes initiatives that help customers reduce their CO2 emissions.
To enable customers to select products with lower CO2 emissions, we strive to disclose relevant information and are also in the process of obtaining carbon footprint (CFP) certification under the Sustainable Management Promotion Organization (SuMPO)’s CFP communication program.
Additionally, by utilizing the Carbon Offset Program making use of CFP* promoted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, we have been able to realize products with practically zero lifecycle CO2 emissions. With some of these products, such as the imageRUNNER ADVANCE series and the imagePRESS production printers, customers can report to the authorities, based on the Act on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures (Japan), that they do not produce the CO2 emissions that would ordinarily be expected from use of the products.
Carbon offsets linked to customer demand from when we began using this system in 2014 until 2019 totaled 31,484 t-CO2.
 Carbon Offsets Linked to Customer Demand (Cumulative)
(t-CO2)
 40,000 30,000 20,000
24,572
31,484 27,777
2018 2019
   21,117
 14,604 10,000
0
2015
* Carbon offset program enables one’s GHG emissions that are difficult to reduce to be offset wholly or partially by cuts in emissions or amounts absorbed by other parties.
Reference: Products qualifying for Carbon Footprint (CFP) Declaration (Japanese website only) https://canon.jp/ecology/products/cfp/index.html
Reference: Products certified under Carbon Offset Program making use of carbon footprints (Japanese website only) https://cweb.canon.jp/ecology/products/cfp-certified/index.html
 2016 2017
(Year)
 Canon U.S.A. Named “Partner of the Year” at ENERGY STAR® Awards 2020
At the ENERGY STAR® Awards 2020, sponsored by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Canon U.S.A. was selected as a “Partner of the Year–Product Brand Owner” for the fifth consecutive year. In recognition of its continued initiatives, it additionally received, for the third consecutive year, the highest-level distinction of “Partner of the Year–Sustained Excellence Award.” Going forward, we will seek to continue contributing through our products to improving the energy-saving awareness of our customers and business partners and supporting them in related activities.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 48

CO2 Reduction Through Initiatives at Operational Sites
Canon created the Energy Cost Reduction Working Group in 2014 as a horizontally integrated organization to take Group-wide action on reducing energy consumption. In an approach whose key concept is the 5Gs*, the group has worked to reduce energy consumption by undertaking a thorough-going review of operating conditions at production facilities, for instance by cutting out excess use of pressurized air and cooling water and adjusting air conditioner settings. Measures that prove effective are adopted for horizontal rollout to Japan and overseas production sites. Meanwhile, staff from a dedicated department at Head Office carry out energy-efficiency diagnosis on visits to production sites and suppliers all over the world. There, they check the operating status and settings of production equipment and then use their observations to make improvements to the operating efficiency of facilities and equipment and provide staff with relevant on-site training. Since the launch of this initiative, it has resulted in a Group-wide energy saving of 125,390 kL (crude oil equivalent).
System of Energy Cost Reduction Working Group
* The 5Gs is an operational improvement methodology for problem- solving. It adds theory “genri” and principle “gensoku,” which are the foundation of decision making, to the well-known 3Gs—visit the actual site “genba” in person and recognize the actual facts “genjitsu” through the actual parts or things “genbutsu.” The 5Gs takes its name from the five Japanese terms, all of which start with the letter g.
One example of this involves Oita Canon Materials, a domestic subsidiary engaged in production. The company turned its attention to the energy wasted while equipment is not in operation and responded with systematic energy- saving activities coordinated between its manufacturing, technology, and facility departments. Through the combination of a range of improvement measures, it achieved a yearly CO2 reduction of 300 tons. Meanwhile, one of our overseas production companies, Canon Vietnam, is progressing with energy-saving activities at its three plants in Vietnam based on collaboration between two departments. They have managed to reduce air-conditioning load by introducing air conditioning incorporating ceiling fans, installing ice heat storage tanks, switching to LED lighting, and reducing heat emission from production facilities. This and a range of other measures has achieved a yearly CO2 reduction of around 2,000 tons. We are producing steadily growing results by rolling out a variety of initiatives of this kind at operational sites in Japan and overseas.
In 2019, thanks to a rigorous program of energy conservation measures across operational sites in Japan and overseas, led by the activities of the Energy Cost Reduction Working Group, we achieved a year-on-year reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of 50 kt-CO2 to 1,041 kt-CO2.
A reduction of approximately 13% was achieved in CO2 generated in association with production activities (equipment and facilities, etc.). However, due to the fixed amounts of CO2 generated independently of production volume (air-conditioning, lighting, etc.), this was not enough to absorb fluctuations in sales and the amount generated per unit of consolidated sales increased slightly.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions at Operational Sites
■ Greenhouse gas (Japan) ■ Greenhouse gas (outside Japan) GHG emissions per unit of consolidated sales
    Operational sites
Primary energy sources
(electricity/gas/oil)
Management departments
Facility departments
S
econdary energy sources
(heat-source equipment)
Technology departments
Facility departments
Tertiary energy sources
(production and development facilities)
Business departments
  Head Office
Optimization of procurement sources
Integrated energy management/energy-efficiency diagnosis/horizontal rollout of energy efficiency
Production and development departments
   Reduction of contract electric power
Efficient operation of heat-source facilities
Optimization of production conditions
  Cumulative Energy Saving Through Working Group Activities (Cumulative)
(kL: crude oil equivalent)
 150,000
100,000
50,000 50,195 28,418
125,390 95,650
(1,000 t-CO2)
2,000
1,500 31
33
1,120 422
698
2016
28 1,137 410
727
2017
28
1,091 391
700
2018
(t-CO2/¥100 million)
40 29 30
     0
1,000 500
(Year) 0
1,041 368
673
2019
20
10
0
(Year)
2015 2016 2017
2018
2019
49 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Energy Cost Reduction Working Group
(Policy/Targets/Management)
73,198
1,162 435
727
2015
  * For information on our basic approach to calculating greenhouse gas emissions, please refer to P41.
* Figures for 2017 onwards include Canon Medical.

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
this electric power, generation from renewable sources accounted for around 80%. Going forward, we will continue to promote the use of renewable energies based on deploying the right resource in the right place from the viewpoint of economic efficiency.
CO2 Reduction in Logistics
In order to reduce CO2 emissions from the logistics process, Canon has undertaken several initiatives: modal shifts that utilize transport modes with a lower environmental impact, improving loading efficiency by downsizing of products and packaging, diversion or direct-shipment from production sites, and shortening routes by consolidating distribution centers. In addition to these initiatives, to further improve transport efficiency, instead of the traditional one-way transport of containers with cargo, we have been actively pursuing Container Round Use (CRU), which includes not just containers within the Canon Group, but also containers imported by other companies for us to export. We are working with carriers and container transporters to expand the initiative. Also, in our overseas sites such as Vietnam, we have been promoting the same initiative.
Overview of Container Round Use
 Start of Kiyohara Industrial Park Smart Energy Project Involving Collaboration between Five Companies
In a joint project with Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd., and
three other enterprises*, Canon has launched
the Kiyohara Industrial Park Smart Energy
Project, which aims to realize major energy savings. The Kiyohara Industrial Park, located in Utsunomiya City, Tochigi Prefecture, is the location for Japan’s first multi-plant integrated energy-saving project, which has introduced shared use of electric power and heat (steam and hot water) between a number of business sites with differing levels of demand. The aim is to realize benefits that would not be possible at a single business site operating in isolation—an energy saving of approximately 20%, a reduction in CO2 emissions, and improved corporate resilience.
* Calbee, Inc., Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Co., Inc., and Tokyo Gas Engineering Solutions Corporation
Kiyohara Smart Energy Center
  Before
Import
Empty
Empty
Export
Cargo
    Cargo
Use of Renewable Energy
As of the end of 2020, Canon aims to derive from renewable sources at least 300MWh of the energy it uses at sites in Japan, and at least 85,000MWh of the energy it uses at sites outside Japan. We are currently working to expand the use of renewable energy, especially in Europe, while keeping regional renewable energy uptake status and economic efficiency under consideration. Canon Production Printing in the Netherlands is engaged in the introduction and operation of a geothermal HVAC system that uses the temperature differential with groundwater to power heating and cooling systems.
As a result of these initiatives adapted to local conditions, total renewable energy consumption by Canon Group companies worldwide in 2019 was 80,647MWh. Canon Group companies in Europe sourced about 33% of total energy needs from electric power. Of
Share of Energy from Renewable Sources in Electric Power Consumption (Europe)
 After
Cargo
Export
  Import
Cargo
  Canon U.S.A. Receives 2019 SmartWay® Excellence Award
As part of the activities of the SmartWay Transport Partnership, sponsored by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Canon U.S.A. has significantly reduced the environmental burden associated with cargo shipment and helped to increase the number of shipment operators taking part in the initiative. For this and related activities, it
received a 2019 SmartWay® Excellence Award in the Shipper Category.
 About 80%
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 50

 Contributing to a Circular Economy
Canon promotes both reductions in resource consumption and product-to-product recycling.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Targets
    Contributing to
a Circular Economy
• Designing more compact and more lightweight products
• Remanufacturing products
• Recycling consumables
• Reducing waste through prevention, reuse and recycling
• Using sustainable water resources
Target 12.2
Target 12.2 Target 12.2
Target 12.4 Target 6.3
Target 12.5
Target 12.5 Target 12.5
Target 12.5 Target 6.4
              * Target 12.2: Achieve sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources
Target 12.4: Achieve environmentally sound management of chemicals and all waste throughout their lifecycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and significantly reduce their release to air, water, and soil
Target 12.5: Substantially reduce waste generation through prevention, reduction, recycling, and reuse
Target 6.3: Improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, and substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally
Target 6.4: Substantially increase water-use efficiency
Resource Recycling at Canon
Canon pursues product-to-product recycling—in other words, recycling used products into new ones. In particular, we have emphasized such initiatives as closed-loop recycling of toner cartridges and the remanufacturing of office multifunction devices— collecting them post-use and making them into products with good-as-new quality. Currently, Canon has five sites conducting recycling, in Japan, Europe (two sites), the United States, and China. We are continuing initiatives aimed at circulating resources within the same regions where they are consumed.
Since 2008, we have taken 37,917 tons of plastics from used products for recycling as raw materials, and another 30,690 tons of products and parts were reused directly.
Product-to-Product Recycling Amounts (Cumulative)
■ Amount of reused products and components ■ Amount of product-to-product plastic
(t)
    Flowchart of Canon’s Circular Economy
80,000 70,000 60,000 50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
68,607
37,917
30,690
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
       Collection of used parts
Reused parts
* Product recycling initiatives have been ongoing since before 2007. Data are based on 2008 as the baseline year.
      Products made from reused parts and recycled plastic parts
Recycling site
Canon Recycling Sites Worldwide
      Plastic parts made from recycled material
Canon Dalian Business Machines, Inc. (China)
Canon Eco Technology Park* (Japan)
Canon Virginia, Inc. (Americas)
Closed recycling
  Canon Giessen GmbH Canon Bretagne S.A.S. (Europe)
  51 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Open material recycling and energy recovery
* Operated by Canon Ecology Industry Inc.

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Receipt of Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award in the 28th Grand Prize for the Global Environment Awards
In the 28th Grand Prize for the Global Environment Awards, sponsored by the Fujisankei Communications Group, the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award was presented to the Canon Eco Technology Park with Canon Recycling Technologies for “efforts for social issue resolution toward the creation of a circular economy.” We are committed to continuing technological innovation for more effective use of our limited resources.
Canon Eco Technology Park
 State-of-the-Art Automated Recycling Plant Built at Canon Eco Technology Park In February 2018, we opened the Canon Eco Technology Park. Based on a “clean and silent” design concept which overturns the traditional image of recycling operations, the facility features advanced systems to boost recycling efficiency further. The Canon Automated Recycling System for Toner Cartridges (CARS-T) is a process whereby used toner cartridges are crushed and the materials automatically separated for recycling of the main component, high-impact polystyrene (HIPS). The sorting purity of the recycled plastic reaches 99% or greater* with the intensive use of various separation technologies at the different stages of the process. With the Canon Automated Recycling System for Ink Cartridges (CARS-I), a camera- based automatic sorting process is used on the used ink cartridges. The process line is automated, yielding an integrated process for the recycling of ink cartridges from disassembly and pulverization to washing. Separated materials are reused for ink cartridge components, materials for pallets used in logistics, or in stationery products. Any resources that cannot be recycled through product-to-product recycling are diverted to material recycling or thermal recovery processes to help maximize resource efficiency.
* 99% or greater based on Canon’s in-house sorting method
CARS-T
CARS-I
Initiatives for Efficient Use of Resources
Recycling-Conscious Design
To achieve effective use of our limited resources, environmentally conscious design is a necessary tool. Starting from the design and development stage, Canon gives careful consideration to the whole process through to collection and recycling of end-of-life products.
Our Environmentally Conscious Design Guidance summarizes the considerations that need to be addressed at the product design stage, including product-related environmental laws and regulations, Green Public Procurement standards, and environmental labeling standards in the different countries where we sell our products. It sets out concrete guidelines covering a range of areas, such as extending product life, making products easier to maintain, disassemble, and sort into constituent materials after disassembly, and improving information disclosure.
Designing Smaller and Lighter Products
Canon is making efforts across a wide range of product types to make its products smaller and lighter to help reduce the consumption of resources in the form of raw materials.
Released for sale in 2019, the EOS RP digital mirrorless camera with interchangeable lens features high image resolution, speedy autofocus, and multiple photographic functions as part of a complete performance package, yet at the same time realizes a light weight of around 485g (including battery/card), less than a beginner’s single-lens reflex camera, making this the most compact and most lightweight model in the Canon full-frame EOS series.
In the PIXMA series of inkjet printers, the new TR703 model achieves an approximately 18% reduction in the
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 52

 floor area required for installation compared to the previous iP7230 model thanks to the new architecture. The compacter dimensions are accompanied by a weight reduction of approximately 18%.
Reference: Canon’s Environmentally Friendly Products https://global.canon/en/environment/products/index.html
Remanufacturing of Multifunction Devices
Since 1992, Canon has undertaken remanufacturing of used multifunction devices. We collect used devices and break them down into parts, which are washed and cleaned using optimal techniques. Following strict reuse standards, we replace any parts that show wear or deterioration. The production line and inspection processes used are on a par with those for devices made only with new parts. When a remanufactured device is shipped, it is guaranteed to offer the same level of quality as a new product.
We market remanufactured devices from the imageRUNNER ADVANCE series under the Refreshed series brand in Japan and under the EQ80 series brand in Europe.
Canon Giessen (Germany)
In 2019, Canon launched sales of a new product under the Refreshed series brand, the imageRUNNER ADVANCE C3330F-RG, a special environmentally conscious model with an increased reused parts ratio.
Using meticulous washing and cleaning processes, with sandblast polishing* to remove the smallest imperfections and other special treatments, a reused parts ratio of over 90% has been achieved.
* A technique for polishing resin surfaces by blasting with microparticles
Toner Cartridge Closed-Loop Recycling
In 1990, Canon launched its Toner Cartridge Recycling Program, the first such program in the industry. The program is continuing operating today.
Returned used toner cartridges are brought to Canon recycling sites, where they are sorted by model and the reusable parts are picked out. Washing and maintenance are performed as needed, and the parts are then reused in new products. Parts that cannot be reused are crushed and separated by material using physical characteristics such as electrostatic properties and specific gravity.
The primary material of toner cartridges is the high- impact polystyrene (HIPS) used primarily for the housing. HIPS can be used repeatedly to make new toner cartridges a unique feature of Canon’s closed- loop recycling process.
We conduct used toner cartridge collection in 23 countries and regions (with a cumulative collection volume of about 424,000 tons as of the end of 2019) for recycling at four sites*, in Japan, the United States, France, and China (recycling in the same region where the product is used).
Thanks to our recycling initiatives, as of 2019 we have achieved a cumulative reduction in the use of new resources of approximately 296,000 tons.
* Toner cartridge recycling sites
Japan: Canon Ecology Industry
United States: Canon Virginia
France: Canon Bretagne
China: Canon Dalian Business Machines
Used Toner Cartridge Collection Volume (Cumulative)
     Reused parts ratio
93.8% Before
After
(10,000t)
45
30
15
0
Cumulative 424,000 tons
2019 (Year)
      imageRUNNER ADVANCE C3330F-RG
53 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Sandblast polishing to remove surface marks
1990 1995 2000 2005 2010

         Message from Overview of Canon Activities Based on the CEO Management Strategy
Collection and Recycling of Ink Cartridges
Canon has been collecting and recycling used ink cartridges since 1996. As of the end of 2019, Canon’s collecting program was operational in 35 countries and regions worldwide, and the total volume of cartridges that had been collected up to the end of 2019 reached 2,395 tons.
In Japan, Canon is part of the Ink Cartridge Satogaeri (Homecoming) Project, a joint program by printer manufacturers to collect cartridges via boxes placed in post offices, libraries, and other local government facilities. Schools also collect cartridges through activities related to the Bellmark Campaign.
Outside Japan, we place cartridge collection boxes in large retail stores, affiliate sales outlets, shopping malls, companies, schools, libraries, train stations, Canon service stores, Canon showrooms, and other locations, depending on the circumstances in each country or region.
Reference: Ink Cartridge Satogaeri Project (Japanese website only) https://cweb.canon.jp/ecology/satogaeri/index.html
Reference: Collection activities related to the Bellmark Campaign (Japanese website only) https://cweb.canon.jp/ecology/bellmark/index.html
Used Ink Cartridge Collection Volume (Cumulative)
Data Summary Major Awards, Third-Party Citations, etc. Opinion / Assurance
At overseas operating sites likewise, to reduce the use of disposable plastics, we have invited expert speakers from outside to give talks to educate and raise awareness. We have also discontinued the sale in the workplace of water in plastic bottles and supplied staff with re-usable bottles and cups. These are part of the Group’s concerted initiatives to tackle social issues.
Initiatives to Reduce Waste at Operational Sites
Reducing Waste
Canon is working hard to reduce the amount of waste it generates. Efforts include increasing recycling through sorting and collection and minimizing initial waste generation.
In particular, we have sought to determine which factors most significantly affect waste generation for each division and each production process. Based on these findings, by an actual versus forecast comparison, we have implemented a number of ongoing initiatives to curb waste generation.
In 2019, we worked at all operational sites to reduce waste generation and promote internal recycling. As a result, total waste generation was reduced by 3,246 tons year on year to 114,541 tons.
(t) 2,500
2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
Cumulative 2,395 tons
2019 (Year)
Total Waste Generated
■ Total waste generated (Japan, exc. assets)
■ Total waste generated (outside Japan, exc. assets) (t)
Management Foundation
   150,000
100,000 99,638
112,850 117,787 114,541
   98,417
54,691
54,170
50,657
 1996 2000
2005 2010
48,830 47,800
   * Data scope is worldwide. Figures include cartridges for large-format inkjet printers and compact photo printers.
Action to Deal with Marine Plastics
There is growing public concern over the single-use plastics that are held to be a cause of marine pollution. In response, Canon uses its internal Environmental Exhibition (P45) to share in-house examples of best practice in product packaging with planning and development staff in all business divisions. In addition to product-related initiatives of this kind, we are addressing the issue of disposable plastics on other fronts, for instance in the straws, cups, and other utensils issued at staff canteens. In such areas we are seeking to switch to substitute materials or reduce the amounts used.
50,000
0
  50,808
50,617
58,159
63,617
63,885
 2015
2016 2017 2018 2019
(Year)
* Figures for 2017 onwards include data for Canon Medical.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 54

Initiatives Related to In-House Waste Recycling and Outside Resource Recovery
Canon actively works to reduce the amount of waste originating from its operations and to reuse or recycle waste where possible, appropriately disposing of any waste that can be neither reused nor recycled in accordance with the law.
Our various operational sites employ a range of in-house recycling schemes, including reprocessing waste plastic from injection molding or recycling it for other items.
Even in the case of waste that must be sent outside
the company, we make sure it does not enter landfills*.
Rather, we contract with companies that reprocess waste
into materials. In 2019, contracted companies processed
110,955 tons of waste from Canon back into materials.
* Except for some general waste generated by business activities that is disposed of under government oversight.
Aiming for Sustainable Water Resources
Water Risk in Regions Where Canon Production Sites Are Located
Canon assesses locations to confirm available water intake volume before establishing operational sites and facilities. We use the AQUEDUCT water-risk mapping tool provided by the World Resources Institute* for quantitative evaluation and reconfirmation of water risk in regions where production sites are located, and work to reduce water consumption in response to local conditions. Meanwhile, in some regions, an increase in abnormal weather patterns has increased the risk of flood damage. We have already begun implementing appropriate responses to climate change, for instance by building Plant No. 2 at our Thai production base on raised ground. Going forward, we will continue our progress with the formulation and updating of risk response plans.
* World Resources Institute: WRI is an independent institute based in the United States that conducts policy research and provides technical assistance concerning environmental and development issues around the world.
Water Risk (Quantitative) in Regions Containing Major Production Sites
Reducing Water Usage
Canon collects water data by intake source (public water system, industrial water system, or groundwater) and manages water resources carefully so as not to exceed intake limits for the different regions in which it operates. We also set and manage targets for the volume of water used in production, and constantly strive to reduce water usage by improving production processes and raising water-usage efficiency.
Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) Acquires Gold Level Certification in the Water Conservation Awards
Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand)’s Nakhonratchasima Plant won recognition for its initiatives in areas such as reduction of water consumption and preservation of water quality, and acquired Gold Level certification in 2019 in the Water Conservation Awards sponsored by the Thai Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment.
Water Recycling at Production Sites
Canon promotes the recycling of water resources.
The Kitsuki Plant of Oita Canon Materials Inc. is located on Beppu Bay, home to precious natural resources and habitats. In consideration of the impact on the ecosystem, the plant employs a closed wastewater system that discharges nothing but rainwater.
In 2019, we worked at all operational sites to reduce water consumption and promote recycling.
As a result, total water consumption decreased by 513 TCM year on year to 9,212 TCM.
 Use of Water Resources
■ Volume of water resources used: Japan
■ Volume of water resources used: Outside Japan (1,000m3)
  China
Shenzhen, Zhuhai, Zhongshan: 1-2 Suzhou: 3-4
Dalian: 4-5
12,000
9,000
6,000
3,000
0
9,737
4,434
5,303
2015
9,410 4,201
5,209
2016
9,706 9,725 4,283 4,198
5,423 5,527
2017 2018
9,212 3,977
5,235
2019 (Year)
                Sweden: 2-3 Germany
Giessen: 0-1
Poing: 2-3 France: 3-4 Netherlands: 3-4
0-1: Low risk
1-2: Low to medium risk 2-3: Medium to high risk 3-4: High risk
4-5: Extremely high risk
Japan: 2-3, 3-4
Vietnam: 2-3, 3-4 Malaysia: 2-3 Philippines: 3-4 Thailand: 4-5 Taiwan: 2-3
U.S.
Virginia: 3-4
      * Result of “physical risk quantity” assessment of production sites (as of end of 2019) using AQUEDUCT water risk mapping tool (Version 3, published August 2019)
55 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
* Figures for 2017 onwards include data for Canon Medical.
* Figures of volume of water resources used for 2018 onwards obtain third
party verification.

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Eliminating Hazardous Substances and Preventing Pollution
Canon thoroughly manages chemical substances in products and those used in manufacturing processes.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) Targets
* Target 12.4: Achieve the environmentally sound management of chemicals and all waste throughout their lifecycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and significantly reduce their release to air, water, and soil
Target 6.3: Improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, and substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally
  Eliminating hazardous substances and preventing pollution
• Managing chemicals contained in products, meeting international standards
• Managing chemical substances in production processes
• Reducing discharges into the air, water and soil
• Green supply chain
Target 12.4 Target 12.4
Target 12.4
        Target 12.4
Target 6.3
   Canon’s Approach to Managing Chemical Substances
Canon strictly manages chemical substances in products as well as those used in manufacturing processes. Our basic approach to management involves confirming products do not contain regulated chemical substances that exceed the prescribed standard and production sites do not emit regulated chemical substances that exceed the prescribed standard.
Management of Chemical Substances in Products
Canon has built a Group-wide environmental assurance system for managing chemical substances in products. Taking the laws and major environmental- labeling requirements around the world into consideration, we established in-house standards in line with the most stringent regulations in the world.
Specifically, our management system classifies chemical substances into three categories: “prohibited substances,” which cannot be used in products; “use- restricted substances,” for which we are working to find alternatives by specific deadlines; and, “controlled substances,” the amount of which should be monitored.
Utilization and Development of the chemSHERPA System for Information Sharing on Chemical Substances
To manage chemical substances appropriately, it is important to share information on the chemical substances contained in materials, parts, and products accurately and efficiently along the supply chain from upstream to downstream, and to ensure compliance with all applicable regulations.
In the past, companies each employed their own
survey formats to request the suppliers for the information about chemical substances in products, which meant that suppliers were requested to respond to their customers multiple times in different formats even with regard to the same parts or chemicals. This situation incurred substantial burden on and costs to the entire supply chain. Furthermore, using such a variety of survey formats gave rise to concerns about the decreased reliability of data as it was communicated across the supply chain.
Amid such circumstances, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (Japan) decided to sponsor chemSHERPA (chemical information SHaring and Exchange under Reporting PArtnership in supply chain) as a common platform for sharing information, facilitating the seamless transmission of information between companies to confirm compliance with regulations on chemical substances in products.
Applying the IEC62474* international standard, the chemSHERPA data scheme enables the management of compliance verifications for chemical substance regulations for each material and part. It is expected to enable more effective verifications as well, since revisions to regulations are updated in a timely manner.
Having previously collected and managed information on chemical substances contained in products in line with IEC62474, Canon completed the introduction of chemSHERPA in 2017. Since its introduction by Canon, more than 99% of survey replies have been made through chemSHERPA. This has led to increased workplace efficiency. Some suppliers have also adopted pre-filled survey replies that contain some of the required information. This shift to a more standardized approach contributes further to operational efficiency.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 56

Meanwhile, for suppliers who have difficulty with the reply process, guide manuals in Japanese, English and Chinese have been prepared to promote the progressive global adoption of chemSHERPA.
* IEC62474: Material Declaration for Products of and for the Electrotechnical Industry. International standards issued by the IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) in March 2012 aiming to streamline the material declarations on chemical substances and compositions contained in the products of the electro technical industry the global supply chain.
Managing Chemical Substances Used in Manufacturing Processes
The chemical substances handled during manufacturing at Canon include “controlled chemical substances” regulated in terms of safety such as negative impact on human health, the environment, and flammable risk. Canon separates these substances into three categories: A) Prohibited substances; B) Emission reduction substances; and C) Regulated substances. In turn, effective measures are in place for each category.
Prohibited substances are defined as those prohibited under the Chemical Weapons Convention, the Stockholm Convention, the Montreal Protocol and the Convention concerning Safety in the Use of Asbestos, as well as specified greenhouse gases (PFC/ HFC/SF6), other soil and groundwater pollutants, and substances that significantly impact people’s health.
Greenhouse gases other than PFC/HFC/SF6, greenhouse gases identified by the IPCC as having global warming potential (GWP), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and other substances specified by Canon are designated as emission reduction substances.
Regulated substances are chemical substances with defined compliance requirements, including compliance with reference values and the ascertainment of usage and storage quantities.
Reducing Use and Emissions of Controlled Chemical Substances
Canon engages in various initiatives at its operational sites to reduce emissions of controlled chemical substances, including reducing the consumption and re-use of them through improvement of production processes.
Total emissions of controlled chemical substances in 2019 amounted to 452 tons, a year-on-year decrease of 135 tons, which was achieved through activities to reduce chemical substances used in the production process and measures to promote re-use.
Emissions of Controlled Chemical Substances and Amount of Chemical Substances Designated by the PRTR System*
■Controlled chemical substances (Japan) ■Controlled chemical substances (outside Japan)
■PRTR substances (Japan) (t)
■PRTR substances (outside Japan)
 800
600
400
200
0
605 574 603
587
452
     57 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
452
440
445
153 57 45134 42 31 158 46 37190 44 33165 42 32 12 11 9 11 10
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
397
287
 * PRTR System: Pollutant Release and Transfer Register System, a notification system for the transfer and release of chemical substances.
* Controlled chemical substances exclude regulated substances. * Figures for 2017 onwards include data for Canon Medical.
Reducing Emissions into the Atmosphere and Waterways and Preventing Pollution
Canon alleviates the environmental impact of its operational sites by reducing emissions of NOx*1 and SOx*2, which are major causes of air pollution and acid rain; reducing discharges of phosphates and nitrogen compounds, which cause the eutrophication of water environments; and, reducing BOD*3 and SS*4, which indicate an environmental impact in water areas. One example of this is Canon Components, the first member of the Group to introduce wastewater treatment based on the membrane separation activated sludge system. This method uses membrane filtration for solid-liquid separation in order to ensure reliable treatment of the various types of process effluent that result from the wide range of production items it handles. Compared to the previous method using pressure flotation, the system achieves lower and more stable BOD values in the wastewater.
*1 Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
A major cause of air pollution, acid rain and photochemical smog, NOx is generated when the nitrogen in fuels is oxidized or when nitrogen in the atmosphere is oxidized during high-temperature combustion.
*2 Sulfur oxides (SOx)
A major cause of air pollution and acid rain, SOx is generated when fossil fuels, such as oil and coal, are burned.
*3 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD)
BOD is the amount of oxygen consumed when microorganisms degrade organic matter in water. Larger figure shows worse water quality.
*4 Suspended solids (SS)
A collective term used for substances of less than 2mm in diameter that float in the air and do not dissolve.
To prevent air pollution, when installing or
updating equipment that uses fuel, we opt for fuels that minimize generation of air pollutants (such as

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
sulfur oxide, nitrogen oxide and soot), and have banned the use of heavy oil in principle.
Furthermore, we have designated ozone-depleting substances and persistent organic pollutants cited in the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants as banned substances.
With regard to wastewater, each operational site sets standard values based on local laws and regulations. Also, control values are set at 80% of the standard values as management standards at each site. We regularly check the status of compliance with management standards.
Soil and Groundwater Remediation Status
Canon places high priority on soil and groundwater protection. In line with this, we established the Canon Group’s Basic Policy on Soil and Groundwater Pollution and implement comprehensive measures based on it. In the unlikely event that soil or groundwater pollution is found at one of our operational sites, cleanup and remedial actions are carried out in close accordance with all relevant laws.
Also, our standard when acquiring new land is to
Status of Soil and Groundwater Clean-up Activities*
conduct a preliminary soil examination and carry out any other necessary procedures, such as soil remediation, before making the purchase. We also monitor the chemical substances used at each site, remaining fully aware of the national and regional standards where each site is located in order to implement countermeasures according to the situation at each location.
Going forward, we will continue with the above initiatives and carry out monitoring and reporting of operational sites with completed remediation in a timely manner.
PCB Waste Management
In accordance with relevant laws, Canon strictly manages polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB), which damages living organisms and the environment.
As of December 2019, 11 operational sites were storing PCB waste. In terms of highly concentrated PCB waste, there are 1,511 fluorescent ballasts in storage.
This PCB waste is processed sequentially by Japan Environmental Storage & Safety Corporation (JESCO).
Water quality measurement Pumping, water quality measurement
Pumping, excavation and elimination, water quality measurement
Pumping, covering, water quality measurement Covering, water quality measurement Covering, water quality measurement
 Operational Site
Substances
Measures
Shimomaruko
Utsunomiya parking lot 1
Toride
Bando
Nagahama Canon
Canon Components
Trichloroethylene, etc.
Fluorine and its compounds, etc.
Trichloroethylene, etc.
Hexavalent chromium and its compounds
1,1-dichloroethylene, etc.
Hexavalent chromium and its compounds
Mercury and its compounds
            * Reports are made to the authorities concerning sites where purification is in progress.
 Activities in Partnership with Outside Stakeholders
Case Study 1: Contributing to Upgrading of Supply Chain Information Sharing at the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC)
The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) is a body that carries out international standardization
in all electrical, electronic and related technologies. As a member of the Technology Committee (TC111) that formulates its environment-related standards, Canon contributes in particular to the formulation of
standards for information sharing on chemical substances contained in products. In this way, we work in partnership with specialists worldwide to upgrade the sharing of supply chain information.
Case Study 2: Reduction of Supply Chain Environmental Risk in Partnership with the Institute of Public & Environmental Affairs (IPE)
Based on supply chain information published by the Institute of Public & Environmental
Affairs (IPE) — a Chinese environmental NGO—we help secondary and tertiary manufacturers
and other Chinese businesses located in the upstream of the supply chain to reduce environmental risk by making recommendations and carrying out improvements. By sharing information regularly and communicating with the IPE on best practice, we contribute to reducing environmental risk throughout the supply chain.
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 58

 Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
Canon promotes activities worldwide based on the Biodiversity Policy.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) Targets
* Target 15.2: Promote the implementation of sustainable management of all types of forests, halt deforestation, restore degraded forests and substantially increase afforestation and reforestation globally
Target 15.5: Take urgent and significant action to reduce the degradation of natural habitats, halt the loss of biodiversity and, by 2020, protect and prevent the extinction of threatened species
  Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
• Biodiversity Policy, Basic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
• Canon Bird Branch Project
• Preservation of natural habitats and biodiversity
• Forest preservation, tree-planting initiatives
 Target 15.2
 Target 15.5
  Target 15.5
   Target 15.5
  Target 15.2
 Canon’s Biodiversity Policy
Canon recognizes biodiversity as essential for a sustainable society. We carry out various activities to conserve and protect biodiversity under our Biodiversity Policy, which applies to the entire Canon Group.
Initiatives to Support Continuous Use of Sustainable Forestry Resources within Value Chain
To help support biodiversity, Canon promotes the use of sustainable forestry resources as the raw materials for paper production within the value chain. We have set procurement policies favoring the purchase of paper products derived from sustainably sourced wood pulp. Moreover, the office paper we sell is made under forest certification schemes or using environmentally conscious raw materials.
 Biodiversity Policy
Basic Policy
Canon fully recognizes biodiversity as an important basis for a sustainable society, and promotes activities that contribute to biodiversity conservation.
Action Guidelines
• Canon strives to conserve biodiversity with consideration for various regional characteristics from a global perspective.
• Canon actively works to reduce the impact on biodiversity associated with various business activities, and to conduct social-contribution activities that lead to biodiversity conservation.
Specific Actions
• “Utilization of Canon technologies and products for biodiversity conservation”
Support for biodiversity conservation activities and projects
• “Consideration for biodiversity centered on operational sites”
Ascertaining the impact of our business activities on biodiversity, and conservation of animal and plant habitats around operational sites
• “Contribution to the realization of a community rich in biodiversity”
Promotion of biodiversity conservation activities and educational activities in collaboration with local communities
 Basic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
1. Use sustainable forest materials
In its procurement of timber products, the Canon Group uses materials supplied from forest resources managed exclusively for use as timber products.
2. Trace the origin of forest resources used
We seek the cooperation of business partners to ensure the traceability of products throughout the manufacturing process, from the harvest of raw materials onward.
3. Confirm evidence of traceability
Canon works with its business partners to ensure the traceability of materials used in Canon products (or OEM products) and their packaging that are subject to timber product regulations in each country.
59 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Group Initiatives to Conserve Biodiversity
Canon Bird Branch Project
Biodiversity refers to the way living things interact as they coexist on earth. Within this sphere, birds occupy the top position in a local ecosystem pyramid of plants, insects, and small animals, symbolizing the cycle of life. Canon promotes the Bird Branch Project as a symbol of the activities it conducts based on its Biodiversity Policy. With the collaboration of local branches of the Wild Bird Society of Japan, we carry out regular on-site bird surveys at our operating sites in Japan, set up nesting boxes and bird baths, and take other measures to create a conducive habitat for wild birds. We also engage in active sharing of information, for instance by operating a relevant website and leading wild birdwatching tours open to employees and non- employees. Similarly at our overseas operating sites, we carry out surveys of wild bird breeding activity and set up nesting boxes and winter-time bird feeders as part of a varied program of wild bird protection activities. Through these activities, the whole Group will continue to engage in initiatives that not only help in preserving biodiversity but at the same time send out a message about its importance.
Reference: Canon Bird Branch Project website https://global.canon/en/environment/bird-branch/index.html
Lunchtime wild birdwatching tour
Canon Canada Branch Out
Canon Canada’s Branch Out Program gives employees at all levels the opportunity to help create green spaces and sustainable environments in their local communities. Branch Out began as a tree-planting program in 2014, but has evolved to include a wide range of sustainability activities, including cleaning up parks, rivers and shorelines, removing invasive plant species, restoring habitats and constructing turtle shelters. All employees from Canon Canada’s 13
offices, from Toronto to Quebec City and Vancouver, are encouraged to participate, sparing a few hours from their work schedule to volunteer. Since the start of the program, employees have volunteered more than 9,700 hours in 68 locations across the country. Their achievements so far include planting more than 36,000 trees and shrubs, removing 7,000 m3 of non- native vegetation and restoring shoreline. In 2019, Canon Canada was recognized as one of Canada’s Greenest Employers by Canada’s Top 100 Employers Project, a partnership with the Globe and Mail newspaper. Companies who receive this designation are recognized for leading the way in creating cultures of environmental awareness.
  River cleaning activity
Activity to Protect the Natural Environment in Partnership with Local Communities (Vietnam)
Canon Vietnam carries out activities to protect the natural environment in various regions of Vietnam. In 2019, around 80 employees took part in a tree- planting initiative in the Cuc Phuong National Park in Ninh Binh Province near Hanoi. With the support of the national park’s Turtle Conservation Center, they also built nests, cleaned up habitats, provided feed, and carried out other activities to help protect the rare turtles, which are threatened with extinction due to poaching, destruction of the natural environment, and other factors.
  Employees who volunteered in activities to protect the natural environment
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 60

 Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen
Human Rights and Labor
Management Approach
We respect the diversity of our employees, and aim to create workplaces in which they can express their individuality and work with a sense of worth and achievement.
 Canon’s Approach
With the global spread of economic activities, finding ways for individual employees of diverse backgrounds and values to utilize their individuality has become an important factor for sustainable development of corporations. In the international community, the United Nations “Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights” and the International Labor Organization (ILO) “International Labor Standards” have been established, and the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are encouraging companies to respect human rights as well.
Amid this situation, Canon is taking steps to create a workplace environment in which each employee’s rights are respected, and in which they feel highly motivated and are able to realize their full potential. We believe that having each employee utilize their unique strengths and viewpoints will enable the company to realize sustained growth.
Relationship with SDGs
Canon’s efforts to address issues related to human rights and labor are contributing to the achievement of the following SDGs.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2
Based on our corporate philosophy of kyosei, we have made concerted efforts to create a workplace environment that fosters mutual respect among our ethnically and culturally diverse workforce. In addition to working to ensure full compliance with laws and regulations in each country and region and to respect human rights as part of the development of global business activities, under Phase V of the Excellent Global Corporation Plan, Canon has set the cultivation of globally competent human resources that think and act with a global mindset as one of its key strategies. We provide varied types of training to assist employees with skills improvement, alongside stepping up efforts to develop human resources that can provide leadership on the international stage. We also ensure workplaces to support the health and safety of employees.
* For information about our activities on human rights within our supply chain, refer to Supply Chain Management (→P113-117).
          61 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Respecting Human Rights
We respect the rights of every employee and work to ensure that our workplaces are free of all forms of discrimination and harassment.
Basic Policy
The Canon Group Code of Conduct (→P103) prohibits all Group executives and employees, irrespective of their position or duties, from engaging in discrimination based on race, religion, nationality, gender, age or other unfair grounds. The Code of Conduct has been translated into many languages and given out to Group executives and employees worldwide.
In addition, in 2019 Canon joined the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA). Going forward, we will increase our efforts to create work environments that are free from unfair discrimination.
Preventing Harassment
Canon maintains a zero-tolerance policy on harassment, which it communicates to all management executives and employees.
In addition to sexual harassment and power harassment, Canon Inc.’s employment rules and Harassment Prevention Provisions prohibit other forms of harassment, including maternity harassment. These provisions have been disseminated throughout Canon Group companies in Japan, and many have instituted similar rules based on them. Furthermore, following a revision to the law in 2020, we will review the rules as necessary.
In a further effort to maintain a comfortable workplace environment, Canon Inc. and its many Group companies in Japan have established a Harassment Hotline, and conduct information sharing at liaison meetings of the consultation staff. Confidentiality is strictly maintained and a firm guarantee against detrimental treatment is provided to victims and informants. The number of harassment complaints has remained mostly unchanged in recent years.
Regular liaison meetings are held for persons responsible at Canon Inc. operational sites and Group companies in Japan, enabling the operational status of hotlines to be monitored and shared. Reviews of procedure manuals are conducted at such meetings, and guidance on how to respond to reports of harassment is also provided.
In addition, we periodically conduct employee awareness surveys that enable us to gather the opinions. Based on this information, we then act to improve the workplace environment by instituting corrective measures as necessary.
Educating Employees on Harassment Prevention
Canon conducts a variety of training programs and poster campaigns to raise awareness of harassment issues among employees.
Canon Inc. conducts harassment-prevention training for executives, managers and managerial candidates. The aim is to develop measures to address decreased productivity due to deteriorating workplace conditions, mental health issues, occupational injuries, lawsuit risks and corporate legal responsibilities. In 2019, the number of participants in Japan totaled 299. Additionally, training was provided for 33 executives and managers returning from overseas postings.
The same training program will be held for staff in charge of Harassment Hotlines at Group companies, who will in turn assist with training employees at their respective companies.
Eliminating Child Labor and Forced Labor
All Canon Group companies manage human resources in compliance with the laws and regulations of each country and region in which they operate, as well as Canon’s own regulations.
With regard to child labor and forced labor, we carry out investigations every year at our main overseas manufacturing companies*, primarily in Asia, to confirm their compliance with laws pertaining to minimum working age and health considerations.
To date, no Canon Group company has violated laws relating to child labor or forced labor.
* Investigations cover more than 88% of employees at all overseas manufacturing companies (as of 2019 end).
Respecting Basic Workers’ Rights, Including Freedom of Association
Canon respects workers’ basic rights, including freedom of association and collective bargaining. We also strive to address various issues by promoting dialogue between labor and management. For example, the labor agreement between Canon Inc. and the Canon Workers’ Union commits both sides to work in good faith to peacefully resolve issues in a timely manner.
In addition, in the Canon Group CSR Basic Statement (→P111), we clarify our intent to promote sincere dialogue between management and employees in compliance with the laws and regulations of countries and regions where we operate.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 62

 Hiring and Treatment of Human Resources
We strive to create an attractive, motivational workplace environment for employees.
Basic Policy
Canon believes that in order to become a truly excellent global corporation, each employee must be an “excellent person.”
Based on this recognition, we are building a corporate culture that encourages an enterprising spirit by guaranteeing respect for the values of ambition, responsibility and mission, as well as fair and impartial assignments, evaluations, and treatment based on merit. At the same time, we are focused on developing our next generation of leaders.
Guiding Principle of the Three Selfs Spirit
The San-ji (Three Selfs) Spirit has been a central guiding principle for Canon since its founding. The three “selfs” refer to 1) self-motivation: proactively taking the initiative; 2) self-management: conducting oneself responsibly and with accountability; and 3) self-awareness: knowing one’s position, roles and circumstances.
Canon encourages all Group employees to embrace the San-ji Spirit as they pursue their work with a positive and forward-looking attitude, and promotes this approach at Group companies worldwide.
Hiring and Retaining Talent
Canon seeks to hire and retain talent that can drive globalization and innovation in its businesses with the ultimate goal of sustainable growth. With this in mind, we follow a uniform policy for hiring, job placement and human resource development.
In 2019, Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan embarked on a vigorous recruitment program, resulting in the hiring of 1,325 employees in total. Canon has also established various programs and systems, such as a career matching system (→P73-74) and a work-life balance program for employees engaged in childcare or nursing to support the continued employment of each and every employee so that they remain motivated and can maximize their skills and abilities over the long term. Moreover, we regularly conduct biennial in-house employee awareness surveys, and the results are used to improve employee satisfaction; for example, survey feedback is provided to each division, including management, so it can be used in policy formulation. Thanks to these initiatives, Canon Inc. boasts one of the highest retention rates in the industry in Japan. As part of maintaining high job satisfaction, regular employee awareness surveys are conducted by domestic Group companies, Canon U.S.A., Canon Europe and Canon Group sales companies based in Asia.
Promoting Globalization of Executive Management
As part of promoting the development of globalized management, Canon appoints appropriate personnel, regardless of nationality, as presidents, executive officers, and managers of subsidiaries in each country and region where it operates.
Canon China actively promotes local employees to managerial positions as part of developing business operations. Local appointees occupied 75% of all managerial positions across the region in 2019, up from 38% in 2013.
Creating Local Employment Opportunities at Production Bases
In order to help stimulate local communities and economies through job creation, we focus on local employment when establishing or expanding production bases.
For example, Canon Prachinburi (Thailand) has hired approximately 5,600 people locally, and Canon
 Guiding Principles
Three Selfs ........... Meritocracy..........
Internationalism... Familism ..............
Health First ..........
Adhere to the principles of self-motivation, self-management and self-awareness in day-to-day activities
Make vitality (V), specialty (S), originality (O), and personality (P) daily pursuits
Strive to become a culturally sensitive, internationally minded, sincere and active person
Strengthen trust and understanding of others and work together in a spirit of harmony
Live by the motto “healthy and happy” and work to cultivate character
63 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Business Machines (Philippines) employs approximately 5,800 local residents (as of 2019 end).
Our production bases in Asia have continued to employ over 60,000 local employees since 2007.
Canon ensures that its employees are paid substantially more than the local minimum wage.
Fair and Impartial Compensation System
Salary Linked to Duties and Performance
Canon Inc. has introduced a position-based pay system to evaluate and compensate individuals fairly and impartially, regardless of gender or age.
In this system, remuneration is based on duties and performance. Basic pay scales incorporate the level of position in the company based on responsibilities and other factors. An employee’s achievements as well as work-related processes and performance during the year are evaluated to determine annual remuneration. Bonuses reflect individual achievements and company performance.
This system is being applied across the Group worldwide, and has already been adopted by the majority of Group companies in Japan and manufacturing subsidiaries in Asia. Systems for determining compensation based on duties and performance have already been established at Canon U.S.A. and Canon Europe, along with other Group companies in those regions, as well as Canon Group sales companies based in Asia.
Regarding basic salary amounts and increases as well as calculation and payment of bonuses, a committee meets with the Canon Workers’ Union three or four times a year to check whether remuneration is being paid in accordance with the rules of the labor agreement. The minutes of these meetings are made available to all employees. The committee also facilitates discussions between labor and management on the implementation and improvement of the compensation system.
Employee Benefit Programs
Canon offers various employee benefit programs, covering each stage of life from hiring to retirement, enabling employees to lead comfortable and enjoyable lives.
For example, as well as providing staff canteens and sporting facilities, Canon funds or subsidizes programs and clubs that bring together people with shared interests to foster better workplace communication. We host various events for employees and family members that incorporate the local culture and customs of each region. In addition, employee benefit programs have been developed in line with each Group company’s needs.
With a view to securing their futures, in addition to national social insurance programs, employees of Canon Inc. and Canon Group companies in Japan are eligible for added benefits that include a corporate pension plan as well as membership in our welfare association and health insurance society. Canon Inc. also offers a voluntary employee stock ownership plan, a savings plan and group life insurance policies, among other benefits.
Corporate Pension Plan
At Canon Inc., we offer employees the defined-benefit Canon Corporate Pension as a form of performance- based pay—a role- and grade-based retirement system—to supplement their public pension and contribute to a more comfortable retirement. A company-run pension fund manages pension assets so employees do not need to provide any additional funds. Canon Inc. also offers a defined-contribution pension plan with matching contributions, which, coupled with the defined-benefit pension plan, provides solid financial security.
Other Group companies in Japan have also set up their own corporate pension plans.
Reducing Total Work Hours
Canon works diligently to ensure that employee work hours comply with the laws of each country and region where it operates, targeting reductions in hours where appropriate.
For example, at Canon Inc., we encourage workplaces to ban overtime in principle and to review work practices. We have also taken measures such as encouraging employees to take paid leave. Annual hours worked per employee were 1,725 in 2019, a reduction of 74 hours compared with the equivalent figure in 2010 (1,799 hours) when we initiated efforts to reduce working hours.
Flexible Work Styles
We promote flexible work styles in line with national and regional employment customs.
For instance, in 2005, Canon Inc. formulated an action plan following the guidelines of Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. Based on this plan, we are encouraging the adoption of flexible work styles while helping employees achieve work-life balance, and taking steps to aid the development of the next generation.
Promoting Flexible Work Styles
Canon Inc. has a number of leave programs that enable employees to take time off flexibly to respond to their personal circumstances. These include a time-unit leave program in 30-minute increments that
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 64

is available for reasons such as childcare, nursing care, injury or illness, as well as an open vacation program in which employees can take five consecutive days of vacation once per year. Such programs are designed to promote flexible work styles. We are currently implementing the sixth phase of the action plan.
This phase spans the three-year period to March 2021.
Supporting Working Parents/Care Givers
To enable employees to focus on childcare responsibilities with peace of mind, Canon Inc. offers an array of programs that go beyond the legally stipulated minimum requirements, including a childcare leave program that enables employees to take leave until their child reaches the age of three, and a system for reducing work hours to support childcare, making it possible for employees to reduce their workday by up to two hours until their child has finished the third grade of primary school.
Furthermore, to support employees who are undertaking fertility treatment, we have put in place a fertility treatment subsidy program that subsidizes 50% of the treatment cost up to a maximum amount of ¥1 million, and a fertility treatment leave program
Action Plan Phase VI (from April 2018 to March 2021)
that allows employees to take leave for the period required for treatment.
In addition, to support the work-life balance of those in our local community, Canon Inc. established Poppins Nursery School Tamagawa. Located on our property adjacent to the Shimomaruko headquarters, the school is certified by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and open to local residents. Approximately 40 children are enrolled at the school.
To help employees caring for aged relatives, we provide various support systems that go beyond the legally stipulated minimum requirements, including nursing care leave available for up to one year, sympathy money, and a system for reduced work hours to support nursing care, enabling employees to reduce their workday by up to two hours a day.
Hotlines have been set up at each of our operational sites to handle employee inquiries about these systems.
In addition, Canon Inc. conducts surveys on flexible workstyles to assess the circumstances and needs of employees, aiming to create a flexible workplace environment.
• Confirmed that, in addition to female employees, who have made up the majority of those taking advantage of these programs, the trend for use of these programs by male employees is on the upswing.
• Prohibited overtime work, in principle, throughout the year.
• Implemented earlier work hours from July– September in a campaign to promote work-life balance, and continued efforts to promote workstyle reform. Provided employee benefits program for encouraging self-development during the earlier work hours.
• Total work hours company-wide decreased by 74 hours compared to 2010*2.
• Continuously conducted the following community contribution activities for children throughout Japan:
(1) Unique tutorial program for children, including lessons on lens-crafting and environmental education outreach programs
(2) Photography classes (Junior Photographers)
(3) Support for girls soccer (Canon Girls-eight, Canon
Girls-Camp)
(4) Tag rugby lessons and rugby lessons, etc.
 Action Plan
(1) Promote use of work-life balance programs with aim of raising participation rate.
Measures
• Regularly check the performance of employees using work-life balance programs, and have VIVID*1 and the Workstyle Innovation Committee work together to consider and implement specific measures before March 2021.
Results as of 2019 End
    (2) Promote workstyle reform further by encouraging workstyles that do not rely on overtime work, continuing efforts to promote use of paid leave, and maintaining an appropriate level of total work hours.
• Using total work hours as an indicator for work-life balance, bolster measures to encourage use of paid leave and maintain an appropriate level.
   (3) Continuing from Phase V, carry out community contribution activities open to participation by children— who are the future of our communities—through social contribution activities.
• Continue reaching out to local regions and communities and implement appropriate initiatives from April 2018 to March 2021.
      *1 VIVID: Vital workforce and Value Innovation through Diversity, a company-wide horizontally integrated organization for promoting diversity (→P67-68).
*2 The year that activities to reduce total work hours commenced.
65 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Supporting Employees’ Volunteer Activities
In recognition of the growing interest in volunteer activities, Canon Inc. has in place a volunteer leave system.
Under this system, employees wishing to participate in volunteer activities certified by the company may take up to one year of leave (two years and four months in the case of JICA Japan Overseas Cooperation Volunteers). The system was used by one employee in 2019.
Worker-Management Relations
At Canon Inc. and Canon Group companies in Japan, worker-management relations are founded on the principle of prior consultation, that is, finding solutions through thorough discussion. Candid discussions between management and the labor union are held whenever policies that affect wages, working hours, safety and health, and benefit programs are to be implemented.
Every month, Canon Inc. convenes a Central Worker/Management Conference with the Canon Workers’ Union*1 to exchange opinions and information spanning a range of subjects. The CEO and senior management attend the monthly conferences.
Additionally, special committees have been established to consider wages, working hours, safety and health issues, and benefit programs. Based on these conferences, new systems are established and policies enacted. As of the end of 2019, combined employee membership in the Canon Workers’ Union totaled 26,449, bringing the union membership rate to 80% for Canon Inc.’s workforce.
Group companies in Japan hold a similar conference, which they refer to as the Canon Group Workers’ Union Conference (Canon Inc. representatives also attend). This conference brings together 19 Group workers’ unions and executives from 23 Group companies. In 2019, reports on the current situation of both labor and management throughout the Group as a whole were presented. As of the end of 2019, there were 55,029 employees in unions that belonged to the Canon Group Workers’ Union Conference, bringing the union membership rate to 84% for the workforce of 23 Group companies in Japan.
In accordance with the labor laws of each country and region where we operate, Canon continuously maintains proper labor relations based on thorough dialogue between labor and management at Group companies outside Japan. The union membership rate*2 for employees of the Canon Group overall was 90%.
*1 The Canon Workers’ Union consists of employees from Canon Inc., Canon Marketing Japan, Fukushima Canon and Ueno Canon Materials.
*2 Union membership rate: Calculated for companies that have internal workers’ unions
Minimum Notification Period for Changes in
Work Duties
Canon Inc. has established a minimum notification period clause within its labor agreement to ensure that personnel transfers do not negatively impact the lives of employees.
Employees receive official notice of personnel transfers at least two weeks in advance for temporary assignments and at least one week for other types of transfers. Employees who need to relocate due to the transfer are officially notified up to four weeks in advance.
Additionally, Canon Group companies worldwide have established minimum notification periods in accordance with the laws and regulations of the countries and regions where they operate.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 66

 Diversity and Inclusion
We aspire to be a company that grows by openly accepting and working with people having different characteristics and values.
Policy on Respecting Diversity
Guided by its corporate philosophy of kyosei, Canon respects diversity of culture, customs, language, and ethnicity, and actively encourages the fair hiring and promotion of employees, regardless of gender, age or disability.
Canon Inc. has in place Vital workforce and Value Innovation through Diversity (VIVID), a companywide, horizontally integrated organization to promote diversity, headed by the Executive Vice President.
Furthermore, we hold the Presidents’ Meeting for Diversity Promotion with participation from Canon Inc.’s Executive Vice President and presidents of Group companies in Japan. At the meeting, participants confirm action plans and results, and share key initiatives.
In addition, at Canon Inc., we held the Barrier-free Mindsets training in e-learning format in 2019. The training aims to help individual employees understand the difficulties and pain caused by barriers in society. Over 90% of employees including senior management took the training.
176 women have completed the training and are playing active roles in their workplaces, including at overseas locations. Partly as a result of these measures, the number of female managers had risen to 127 in 2019, compared with 58 in 2011.
Furthermore, we hold return-to-work seminars for employees returning from childcare leave and their supervisors, and provide mentoring by female managers. We also provide lectures and interviews with female executives, and share the experiences of female managers to create opportunities for raising awareness around working with purpose and balancing work with life events.
Meanwhile, Group companies in Japan are also promoting a range of initiatives to support career development for women, including career advancement training, roundtable discussions between presidents and female employees, and surveys to gauge awareness, as well as networking events with female leadership candidates inside and outside the company, and career training for women who have returned from childcare leave.
Looking outside Japan, Canon U.S.A., for example, has launched a project called Women in Leadership Levels (WiLL) to support the participation of women through a variety of opportunities, including networking events, lectures and mentoring. At Canon Bretagne, a corporate agreement on gender equality aimed at creating a company where women can participate actively was concluded with the labor union in 2019. The company is aiming to achieve a ratio of 33% for women in management by 2022 with measures such as working hours adjustment for pregnant workers and improved conditions for women returning from maternity leave. Meanwhile, at Canon Vietnam, steps have been taken to alleviate the burden on pregnant workers by setting up production lines where people can work while seated.
Encouraging Men to Participate in Childcare
Canon is promoting initiatives to encourage men to participate in childcare, with the goal of realizing a society where men and women participate equally as parents.
At Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan, we organize round-table talks by, and publish interviews with men who have used childcare leave-related systems, and hold seminars to introduce the childcare-related systems to employees who have newly become fathers. Furthermore, at Canon Inc.,
 Policies
• Respecting diversity as an important issue, promote the introduction of new systems across the Canon Group, seeking to replace existing systems, and strive to change employees’ thinking and awareness of diversity issues.
• Revise HR policies and workplace conditions to avoid any limitations or restrictions being placed on the career opportunities afforded to talented people with the ambition to succeed.
• Promote internal/external dissemination of information on diversity promotion activities to help identify/develop role models and encourage wider adoption of optimal workplace conditions.
Promoting the Active Participation of Women
Canon is committed to providing equal opportunities according to ability and fair treatment for all, irrespective of gender.
Furthermore, we formulate action plans and disclose information as mandated by the Act on the Promotion of Female Participation and Career Advancement in the Workplace, while conducting initiatives that go beyond the minimum legal requirements.
For example, at Canon Inc., we organize leadership training for women as part of efforts to develop female candidates for managerial positions. Using the theme of developing a new business proposal, the training provides an opportunity to develop leadership skills. Since its launch in 2012, a total of
67 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
we have implemented a system that allows male employees whose spouses have given birth to take two days of paternity leave. These initiatives have proven effective; the childcare-leave acquisition rate among men at Canon Inc. has risen from 1.9% in 2011 to 16.3% in 2019.
LGBTQ+ Inclusion
The Canon Group Code of Conduct emphasizes respect for the individual and prohibits discrimination based on race, religion, nationality, gender, age, sexual orientation or gender identity. Our initiatives also cover sexual minorities, including lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans (LGBT) persons. With the goal of eliminating all forms of discrimination from the workplace, training for managers includes education on preventing discrimination. In addition, we make use of various opportunities to educate employees, such as departmental staff meetings and compliance meetings.
With regard to provisions for employees who identify as a sexual minority, Canon provides such amenities as gender-neutral washrooms. We also have an internal hotline for employees wishing to speak with a specialist counselor.
Utilizing the Abilities of Veteran Employees
Canon Inc. makes full use of the wealth of knowledge and skills of its veteran staff. In 1977, Canon Inc. was one of the first companies in Japan to set its retirement age at 60. In 1982, we introduced a system for re- employing retired employees until the age of 63.
In 2000, we partially revised our system for re- employment after retirement and introduced a system of open recruitment internally for re-employment posts. Further, we raised the age limit for re-employment to 65 in 2007. As of the end of December 2019, there were 1,400 rehired employees in total.
Proactive Support for the Participation of People with Disabilities in Society Respecting the ideal of normalization*1 advocated by the United Nations, Canon proactively employs persons with disabilities at Canon Inc. and Canon Group companies in Japan.
For example, at Canon Inc., we have been proactive in employing persons with disabilities for many years. We are doing our utmost to make workplaces more comfortable and accessible for people with disabilities by improving our facilities, including providing greater barrier-free access. Additionally, we are working to expand the range and nature of jobs for people with disabilities, while also ensuring that they are settling into and becoming active members of their assigned workplaces. Canon has incorporated workplace experience and observation sessions into the selection
process in some cases to ensure that new hires can contribute quickly after they are hired and assigned to a workplace. Canon Wind*2 primarily hires people with intellectual disabilities. In addition to maintaining a high employee retention rate, this employment helps us realize our corporate philosophy of kyosei.
Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan have set up onsite hotlines after the 2016 amendment of the Promotion of Employment of Disabled Persons Law prohibiting discrimination and mandating reasonable consideration for people with disabilities. Canon’s measures to prevent discrimination against people with disabilities and ensure reasonable consideration at each site include providing individual consultations and personalized assistance or instruction during evacuation training drills and disaster preparedness training. In 2019, Canon Inc. established a dedicated internal unit and took other measures to bolster support for helping employees with disabilities to settle into their workplaces.
Since 2004, Canon Inc. and Canon Group companies in Japan have organized training courses and created e-learning modules to ensure workplaces are attentive to the needs of the hearing impaired. The training includes providing knowledge of hearing disorders and introducing sign language to help promote smoother workflow. A total of 766 employees participated in this training up to and including 2019.
In addition, we hold Visual Impairment Experience Workshops led by employees who have visual impairments, with a total of 179 participants at four locations in 2019.
*1 The principle of normalization: According to the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons adopted by the United Nations in 1982, society is made up of many different types of people and it is normal for people with and without disabilities to coexist in all settings. Therefore, we should create an environment in which all people can live and work together.
*2 Canon Wind: A subsidiary of Oita Canon formed in 2008 as a joint venture with the Social Welfare Corporation Gyoun Welfare Association with the aim of promoting employment for persons with intellectual disabilities.
Support for Balancing Nursing Care and Work
Preventing the flow of people leaving their jobs to provide nursing care for family members has become an important social issue in Japan, which has a falling birthrate and an aging society. At Canon, we are taking steps to reduce the number of people leaving work for nursing care by promoting activities to support them in balancing both priorities. Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan provide nursing care seminars, conduct interviews with employees engaged in nursing care, and offer information on steps to take when a relative begins to need care and on nursing care-related systems, both public and internal. In 2019, nursing care seminars were held in six locations with a total of about 400 participants.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 68

 Occupational Safety and Health Support
We pursue initiatives aimed at improving occupational safety and health so employees can feel safe and secure in their work environment.
Policy and Structure
At Canon, the safety and health of employees form the foundation of our business activities. Adhering to the principle of “management without safety is not management,” labor and management work hand in hand to support safety and health. In line with this principle, we have established detailed rules and regulations regarding occupational safety and health (OSH), which are also reflected in agreements with labor unions.
Canon has established the Central Safety and Health Committee as its highest body overseeing safety and health activities. Chaired by the Executive Vice President of Canon Inc., the committee establishes policies and plans for safety and health primarily within Japan, while also promoting the elimination of occupational accidents, the maintenance and improvement of health, traffic safety, fire and disaster prevention, and the creation of pleasant workplaces.
Moreover, at Canon Inc. operational sites and Group companies in Japan, we are setting targets based on the situation at each site in line with these policies and taking action on them.
Overseas, at production bases in Asia, we are implementing unified initiatives with support from Canon Inc., while giving consideration to specific circumstances in each region and at each company.
Occupational Safety
Canon strives to create workplaces that are safe and secure. Currently, Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan are working on the following priority targets and initiatives.
In 2019, there were no serious occupational accidents classified as accidents requiring time off work for any of these priority targets.
Promoting Use of the Canon Group Occupational Safety and Health Management System
We are expanding the Canon Group Occupational Safety and Health Management System in an effort to promote autonomous safety and health activities at each of our operational sites in Japan. System requirements are based on the Occupational Safety and Health Management System of the Japan Industrial Safety and Health Association and reflect Canon Inc.’s standards and rules. We are also working to cultivate best practices across all sites based on reciprocal supervision as well as develop measures to tackle a variety of issues.
We are also promoting adoption of the occupational safety and health management system overseas, and three companies—Canon Zhuhai, Inc., Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) Ltd., and Canon Opto (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.— have acquired certification under the international standard OHSAS* 18001. Moreover, the system is also being revised to comply with international standard ISO 45001, and in 2019 Canon Inc.’s Toride Plant and Canon Prachinburi (Thailand) Ltd. acquired certification under the standard.
* OHSAS: Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series
Promoting Risk Assessment under New Management Standard
Canon conducts wide-ranging risk assessments to identify all operations that have a high risk of injury, illness or accident. We take appropriate measures to mitigate risks and manage residual risks.
In 2019, we formulated a new risk assessment and management standard for all companies in the Canon Group. By conducting risk reviews at least once a year based on the standard, we will ensure that all companies thoroughly implement uniform risk management. To ensure that the new standard is implemented properly, workplace managers and people in charge of operations undergo training to learn about and enhance their understanding of risk assessment methods.
 Priority Targets
1. Eliminate accidents caused by machinery requiring time off work
2. Eliminate serious accidents caused by hazardous substances
Initiatives
1. Promote use of the Canon Group Occupational Safety and Health Management System
2. Promote risk assessments based on new management standards
3. Improve health and safety awareness by enhancing education and training
69 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Fostering Health and Safety Awareness by Improving Education and Training
Whenever an occupational accident occurs at Canon, we immediately distribute information about it to all operational sites in Japan and overseas production sites, as well as publish the causes and countermeasures on our internal intranet in an effort to prevent similar accidents from occurring.
In addition, we are also taking steps to foster a workplace culture that is constantly aware of health and safety. For example, in Japan we provide health and safety training and use posters and leaflets to educate employees about checking and enforcing basic safety behaviors in their work.
Canon is working to implement an occupational safety and health management system overseas, mainly at its production bases, on the same level as in Japan. For example, at overseas production sites, we make effective use of work manuals, health and safety training materials, posters, leaflets, and other materials prepared by Canon Inc. in Japanese, English, Chinese, and Vietnamese to suit the situation of each site. In addition, at Canon Vietnam we are making a focused effort to promote activities for nipping hazards in the bud at an early stage by raising employees’ health and safety awareness. These include an experiential training facility called the Safety Experience Ring that enables trainees to experience the importance of safety through simulated hazard experiences, as well as risk assessment activities and a program for sharing improvement proposals based on on-site experience.
Health and Safety Initiatives for Onsite Contract Workers
Canon is taking steps to construct healthy and safe work environments for all workers, including those of contractors. At Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan, we hold health and safety conferences with contractors and cooperate together to maintain and improve health and safety on site.
Health Support
Health Management Based on the “Health First” Principle
Canon believes that initiatives based on the “health first” principle of its Guiding Principles can help individual members of the workforce reach their full potential. We therefore consider such initiatives a driving force for generating positive results, and we are promoting proactive health and productivity management.
Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan have declared their commitment to addressing the following priority targets and initiatives through the Central Safety and Health Committee.
Mental Health-Related Measures
To promote comprehensive mental health measures, Canon conducts a variety of programs in Japan. These incorporate four care guidelines: self-care, care from workplace supervisors, care from occupational health staff, and care from organizations outside Canon. The programs also promote three prevention guidelines: primary prevention, (preventing illness and improving health), secondary prevention (early detection and appropriate treatment), and tertiary prevention (support for return to work, prevention of recurrence).
Canon Inc. has established manuals and programs on supporting the return to work of employees who have been on long-term or frequent leave due to mental health issues, in a bid to create a standard response for Group companies in Japan. At the same time, they have conducted training to improve the skills of the human resource division managers and people assigned to handle this issue. As a result, return-to-work support programs have been used in 100% of cases at all sites, and the rate of returnees going back on leave in 2018 was down 7.3 percentage points from 2016.
The participation rate for stress checks across Canon Inc. and all Canon Group companies in Japan was 94.0%, maintaining a high level compared with the national average. Highly stressed individuals receive an interview with a physician and a health consultation. Test results will undergo group analysis for use in management training and organization support activities.
Employees on overseas assignments are given the same stress checks and follow-up procedures as in Japan, and their mental health cared for in coordination with local human resource managers.
 Priority Targets
1. Reduce the number of lost work days
2. Reduce presenteeism
3. Reduce the number of people in high risk situations 4. Establish the practice of taking cancer screening tests
Items to be Implemented under the Medium-Term Plan (2019-2021)
1. Mental health-related measures
2. Measures against lifestyle diseases
3. Awareness activities for all employees
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 70

Measures Against Lifestyle Diseases
Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan have established a unified standard for post examination measures for health checks and take every measure to prevent health issues from becoming serious. For high-risk employees who require treatment and consultation, we ensure that they receive treatment as well as consideration of their workload. We also provide specific health guidance in coordination with the Health Insurance Union.
We also use analysis results of employee health check data to prioritize issues and determine key issues to address. For example, the analysis results of 10 years’ worth of data revealed that items such as short sleep duration and smoking that have an impact on the emergence of metabolic syndrome, and we use these in health guidance and in training and education for all employees. Support for sleep is provided through awareness-raising activities and individual guidance using sleep meters. This has proved effective in increasing sleep quality and improving the issue of presenteeism. We have been also promoting initiatives to help people quit smoking since 2004, and a ban on smoking at any Canon Group property since 2016 has also been effective. Overall, the rate of smoking has decreased by 16 percentage points in 15 years.
In its countermeasures against cancer, Canon works together with the Canon Health Insurance Union. In fiscal 2019, we reviewed the cancer diagnostic fee subsidy program, and changed it to reflect risks according to age and gender. We also actively support people who are dealing with illnesses such as cancer in balancing their treatment with their work.
Awareness Activities for All Employees
In addition to support for high-risk individuals, Canon Inc. provides ongoing training and education to help all employees manage their own health. Specifically, we provide training at various times for different age groups and ranks, as well as campaigns on the themes of sleep, nutrition and exercise, and monthly bulletins to deliver information via the company intranet. We also gather information on the intranet to make it available for use any time.
In 2019, we focused our efforts on campaign activities, undertaking collaborative projects with the Health Insurance Union, Labor Union, and in-house stores, among others, and reflecting in-house medical opinions in our cafeterias and in-house stores to create a health-conscious environment. In addition, we hold walking events using ICT tools twice a year.
Canon conducts various health management programs at its Group companies outside Japan as part of its health promotion initiatives for employees. Each Group company also conducts its own initiatives suited to its characteristics and needs. At Canon Vietnam, which has a high number of female employees, we conduct pregnancy and childbirth education as well as education around maternal health issues. In addition, we provide health information for all employees using internal noticeboards and monitors at our operational sites, and run health consultations and lectures with physicians. In addition, at Canon Business Machines (Philippines), we conduct awareness-raising campaigns to promote such themes as dental health and quitting smoking.
Health Training for Contract Workers
With increasing rates of heat stroke occurring in both indoor and outdoor worksites throughout Japan, we provide ongoing training to prevent heat stroke to contract workers. We also take preventative measures in the workplace environment while cooperating and sharing information with relevant divisions.
71 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Human Resource Development and Personal Growth
We provide all employees the opportunity to build and advance their career.
Human Resource Development System
One of the key strategies in Phase V of the Excellent Global Corporation Plan is to cultivate globally competent human resources that think and act with a global mindset. Under this key strategy, Canon is developing human resources that can contribute to its global operations in various fields, such as management, technology development, and manufacturing.
Developing Globally Minded Personnel
With 370 operational sites* worldwide as of the end of 2019, the globalization of Canon’s operations is proceeding apace. Against this backdrop, we are stepping up training to develop human resources with leadership abilities that can be utilized on the international stage.
* Number of operational sites includes Canon Inc., consolidated subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates.
Enhancing Senior Leadership at Group Companies Outside Japan
Canon offers Global Leadership Training to senior management of Group companies outside Japan in order to share the company’s management philosophy and develop leaders that can spur innovation in a global environment.
Vitalizing Human Resources Through International Assignments
Canon established the Canon Global Assignment Policy (CGAP) as an international assignment system for its Group companies worldwide to stimulate international personnel exchanges, not only from Japan to other countries, but also from other countries to Japan, and internationally from Europe to the United States, for example. The goal of this program is to promote global business cooperation and the development of human resources capable of functioning at the global level.
CGAP is an international personnel dispatch policy shared by our Group companies, and personnel assignment policies in each respective region are based on it. Combining these policies allows us to further promote personnel exchanges and to share basic philosophies and structures, while providing for flexibility in dealing with the special characteristics of each region, such as laws and culture.
For example, in Europe and the United States we have the US/Europe Exchange Program, which enables
employees with at least three years of service to participate in a personnel exchange for a period of one year, and in Asia we have the ASIA CGAP, which is a one-year training program in Europe and the United States for developing executive management candidates from Asia.
As of the end of 2019, a total of 1,031 employees were deployed on international assignments under these programs.
Global Training for Young Employees
In order to help employees acquire language and international business skills, Canon Inc. has established a system to allow employees to gain overseas work experience early in their careers.
For example, the Asia Trainee Program enables employees who are 30 years old or younger to engage in practical study at local companies in Asia. The program started in 1995, and by the end of 2019, a total of 118 employees had taken part. The program sends trainees to countries and regions where languages other than English are used on a regular basis in professional settings. After roughly six months of language training at a local university trainees spend about one year gaining practical experience at Asian affiliates. Meanwhile, the Europe–US Trainee Program dispatches young employees to Europe and the United States. Started in 2012, the program had thus far provided training to a total of 68 employees, up to the end of 2019. For employees dispatched to non-English speaking areas, we offer language education and practical training similar to the Asia Trainee Program.
The Overseas Study Program for Technicians is intended to develop engineers and technicians who can function internationally, as well as enable them to acquire skills that they can use to contribute to Canon’s core businesses in the future. This program began in 1984, and up to the end of 2019, a total of 127 employees had participated in the program, studying at universities abroad. In line with our strategy to improve our R&D system in the United States and Europe, we plan to select several employees each year for overseas study.
Fostering Experts in Various Fields
Development of Human Resources in Engineering
Canon promotes the retention and development of engineering human resources in order to continually generate innovation as a manufacturer.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 72

For example, Canon Inc. has training systems in place for each of its specializations, including machinery, electronics, optics, materials, and software, to support the development of next-generation human resources in engineering. A committee for the development of engineering human resources has been set up for each of the five core specializations noted above. These committees develop rank-based training programs, from new hires to junior engineers and all the way up to veteran leaders, as well as conduct courses and carry out other initiatives. We also offer training in specialized areas not represented by these committees, such as analytical technology. In 2019, a total of 197 programs were held in these specializations, with 6,266 engineers from Group companies in Japan taking part.
Furthermore, in 2018 Canon Inc. established the Canon Institute of Software Technology (CIST) to cultivate software engineers. The institute works to undertake systematic and continuous human resource development, from increasing the skills of the engineers in charge of developing software for our products to providing foundational training for new employees and those seeking to work in a new field. In other initiatives for developing software engineers, we sent 8 personnel to attend the National Institute of Informatics’ top SE course for developing super architects.
Development of Global Human Resources in Manufacturing
At Canon, we are focusing on developing human resources who support production activities, mainly through the Monozukuri Advancement Center of Canon Inc.
In 2019, a total of 576 employees working at 11 overseas production bases took part in 72 training programs organized by the Monozukuri Advancement Center.
In order to promote training at overseas sites, Canon also focuses on instructor-development training that seeks to develop instructors for technological and technical skills training as well as workplace management training. In 2019, instructor- development training was held on 15 occasions, with a total of 64 employees participating.
A technical skills testing program, following the same standards as in Japan, has also been established at overseas sites. In 2019, testing was carried out for seven types of work skills, including injection molding, board mounting, and pressing, at a total of eight sites in Thailand, Vietnam, China, and Malaysia, with 442 employees participating.
Canon’s Human Resource Development System
To motivate employees and enhance skill specialization, Canon Inc. maintains an educational system for rank- based, elective and self-development training.
Rank-based training enhances knowledge and skills 73 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
required for carrying out the duties of each job grade, and fosters awareness of required actions defined by our guiding principles. Furthermore, as a supplement to rank- based training, elective training that includes e-learning programs and other programs to support self-development is available. These training programs also cover such issues as harassment prevention and compliance.
For the development of management personnel, we operate the Canon Management School and the Canon Leadership Development Program (LEAD). The Canon Management School is designed to develop top-class management leaders. Led by our Chairman and CEO, the school invites as instructors experts from such fields as politics, foreign diplomacy, economics, and science and technology. The courses are aimed at upper management, including division managers and general managers, and the school has produced many of our Group executives. The LEAD program is designed to help candidates switch to a management- oriented mindset and develop their leadership abilities while also reinforcing strategy planning and execution capabilities. It provides training for people prior to and after appointments to management positions, as well as assessments prior to appointments. Our goal is to further reinforce efforts to systematically cultivate the next generation at Canon, concentrating on the development of management personnel as well as personnel for global, technological, and manufacturing roles.
On average, Canon Inc. employees spent about 20 hours in training in 2019. Related training costs per employee amounted to ¥181,000 at Canon Inc., and about ¥98,000 at Canon Group companies in Japan and overseas sales companies.
Canon Inc.’s Career Development Support Programs
■ Regular Performance and Career Reviews
Since we evaluate the conduct and performance of employees under our position-based pay system, supervisors have meetings with their team members individually three times a year, at the start, interim, and end, to confirm duties and targets, monitor progress, and discuss career development.
When discussing the evaluation, supervisors offer advice and guidance on improving results and the employee’s conduct. This enables employees to objectively understand their own strengths and weaknesses, which aids them in achieving further growth. Supervisors also use this information in future development plans for the employee.
■ Career Matching System
Canon Inc. has also established an internal career matching system to support its employees in pursuing satisfying careers. The system matches the right

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
people to the right jobs, promotes internal mobility of human resources, and brings greater vitality to the company. In 2019, 163 employees were transferred through this system.
We also provide a trainee-style career matching system featuring a combination of training and internal recruitment. Employees who wish to take on new work challenges in a field where they have no experience can receive training opportunities to gain requisite skills, and take up a position based on their skill level.
■ Other Career Development Support
To support career development of self-motivated employees, Canon Inc. provides a full complement of training, events, and e-learning programs that can be accessed by mobile device in an effort to diversify learning opportunities. Some were held on weekends and others were held after work during the campaign period to promote work-life balance*. In 2019, participants in these programs exceeded 5,000.
* Campaign period to promote work-life balance: As part of a drive to reform work styles, from July to September, we set our work hours forward to enable workers to finish earlier.
■ Post-Retirement Career and Life-Plan Training
Canon holds Creative Life Seminars for employees when they reach the ages of 50 and 54 in order to help them plan for their retirement years. By providing employees with an opportunity to think about their life plan and career plan at an early stage, we help them to systematically plan and prepare for life after the age of 60.
Canon Inc.’s Human Resource Development System
■ Supporting Organizational Invigoration
Canon aims to realize individual and organizational growth at the same time as achieving success in business. To this end, we have established a dedicated division for organizational development, which supports organizational invigoration through consulting on increasingly diverse organizational challenges, post-activity support, and rank-specific training. As of 2019, the division has provided support to 457 divisions and 16,000 people, including Group companies worldwide.
Various Certification and Award Programs
Canon has established certification and award programs to honor Group employees for their outstanding achievements.
At the Canon Summit Awards, Canon honors Group companies, divisions, teams and individual employees who have made a major contribution to the development of the company in terms of activities or products. Canon recognizes employees with numerous other accolades: the Invention Award, the Quality Award, and the Production Innovation Award for outstanding activities; the Canon Meister Certification/Commendation for contributions to advancements in manufacturing using a wide range of skills; the Canon Master Craftsman certification for outstanding skills that Canon should pass down; the Environment Award for excellent environmental practices; and the Procurement Innovation Award for activities that greatly contribute to enhancing procurement functions.
     Position
Senior Staff Manager
Rank-based Training
Invitational Programs
Elective Training (incl. e-learning)
Self-Development Support
  Group Executive
Canon Management School
            Senior General Manager/ Plant Manager
  Principal Staff Engineer
LEAD III
Global Leadership Training
Training for Group company presidents
 General Manager
 Staff Manager
LEAD II
Training for production managers
  Manager
LEAD I
Training for overseas managers
  Assistant Manager/ Foreman
Senior Engineer/ Associate Staff Manager
 Training for newly appointed assistant managers and foremen
Production-related department training
 Training for newly appointed G4-level employees
      General employee
Training for newly appointed G3-level employees
Training for newly appointed G2-level employees
Training for newly appointed G1-level employees
Training for global staff
  Asia/Europe– US Trainee Program
Overseas Study Program for Technicians
  Training for newly hired employees Training for mid-career hires
   Unofficial graduate hires
Training course for provisional hires
                  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 74
Correspondence course
Language training
PC training
Interpersonal skills and conceptual skills training
Training for IP, procurement, product quality, environment, logistics, CE, etc. Manufacturing training
External training, lectures, etc. Specialized technical training PC training (MS-Office, OS/HTML, security, etc.)
Global skills training (language, preparation for overseas transfer, TOEIC, etc.) Interpersonal skills and conceptual skills training

Product Responsibility
Management Approach
At Canon, we do our utmost to ensure product safety and improve usability while at the same time working to add greater value to our products and build customer trust.
 Canon’s Approach
Increasing recognition of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) is bringing greater awareness of safety. Expectations are also growing for technological innovation that will increase the performance of safety-conscious products.
Amid this situation, quality issues that affect customer safety can have a significant impact on management, such as worsening financial results by damaging the brand and eroding customer trust.
Conversely, supplying products of high quality and high added value that are easy to use and meet customer needs while also developing innovative technologies to meet the needs of the times can lead to immense growth.
Canon’s basic mission when it comes to quality is to ensure that customers have “no complaints, no trouble,” and we work hard to ensure “Canon Quality” throughout the entire Group. In line with this creed, we created a quality management system that follows the requirements of international standards, and we strive to improve quality across the entire product lifecycle, from planning and development to
Relationship with SDGs
Canon’s various activities relating to product responsibility contribute to the achievement of SDG 12: “Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns.”
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2
production and after-sales service. In the area of safety in particular, along with establishing in-house product safety technical standards that are stricter than regulatory requirements in each country, we created a system for gathering comments and requests from Canon users worldwide, which we share with relevant divisions, as means to improve our products and ensure safety. As part of the goal of Canon’s medium- to long-term business plan to “reinforce/expand new businesses while creating future businesses,” we also aim to leverage our superior technical expertise to develop and produce new products that give consideration to safety and the environment.
Additionally, we are working to promote the development of Canon products with an emphasis on usability by ensuring customers worldwide can use them easily and with confidence. These initiatives include designing product manuals to make them easier to understand and adopting Universal Design principles in product development.
       75 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Quality Management
We strive to improve quality across the entire product lifecycle in order to provide customers with satisfying products.
Approach to Quality
Canon’s basic mission when it comes to quality is to ensure that customers have “no claims, no trouble.” To achieve this, we promote our motto of “Canon Quality” both inside and outside the company, as part of our dedication to realizing customer safety, peace of mind, and satisfaction.
To realize this basic mission, we work to implement quality checks across the entire Group at every stage, from product planning to design and development, production, sales, and after-sales service. We also ensure that continual improvements in quality are achieved through Group-wide activities, sharing quality information and customer feedback obtained from the market with divisions in charge of product planning, design, and development.
Quality Assurance System
In order to fully realize “Canon Quality,” Canon has established a quality management system* that combines the requirements of ISO 9001, an international quality management standard, with work mechanisms unique to Canon.
Using our in-house quality management system as a base, the various Headquarters divisions at Canon Inc. work in cooperation with the Global Quality Management Center and Group companies worldwide to implement optimal QA systems for the characteristics of each business in compliance with the legal and regulatory standards of each country and region.
Supplementing the vertically integrated activities of each business division to solve division-specific quality issues, in 2017 Canon Inc. established a committee to focus on improving quality at the product development stage. Chaired by the president and including members from top management of each business division, this body has conducted activities across the company. By developing the best activities of each business division across the company, we are increasing quality at each stage of development, which has led to significant reductions in waste and costs arising in development.
* The in-house regulations governing Canon’s quality management system are recognized by the International Register of Certificated Auditors (IRCA) as an alternative standard to ISO 9001.
Training and Educational Activities
Making a Total Commitment to Canon Quality
In order to maintain outstanding quality, each employee belonging to product-related divisions must always be mindful of quality in every aspect of their work.
At Canon, we strive to educate and foster greater awareness of quality among all employees by continually sharing our basic philosophy and motto on quality and by conducting Group-wide quality education and surveys on quality awareness. Canon Inc. has designated November as Quality Month, and each year in November holds the Quality Fair and Quality Awards to recognize exceptional activities that have improved quality, and share them throughout the Group.
Continuing and Expanding Quality Education
Canon provides the Canon Quality Course for employees through a Group-based tiered training curriculum, highlighting the importance of quality on an ongoing basis. We customized a training program for each division, taking into account specific situations and issues needing to be addressed, and also actively conduct on-site training. Furthermore, since it is important that employees have a clear understanding of the Canon way of thinking at all companies within the Group, including overseas offices, we created multilingual versions of the Canon Quality Introductory Guide, which contains our philosophy on quality. We also developed an online version of the Canon Quality Guidebook, which is used to foster understanding of our quality activities.
We focus particular attention on product safety training. In addition to training that broadly covers product safety, such as product safety regulations, product liability laws, and substantial safety technology, we also conduct a condensed product safety-training course for new employees covering topics from these courses. In 2019, these training courses were held a total of 10 times. In addition, we offer year-round e-learning courses, enabling Group employees to access four types of training on product safety regulations and chemical safety regulations at any time.
Canon Inc. conducts e-learning activities to promote thorough understanding of the Voluntary Action Plan for Product Safety on an ongoing basis. In addition, we continually provide safety information, such as safety cautions when making repairs or exchanging parts, to Group companies involved with product sales, repair, and service.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 76

 Ensuring Product Safety
We have set strict standards for managing quality that go beyond legal and regulatory requirements to ensure customers can use our products with complete peace of mind.
Voluntary Action Plan Based on the Basic Policy on Product Safety
Canon believes one of its most important missions as a manufacturer is to provide safe products that offer peace of mind and satisfaction. With this in mind, we formulated a Basic Policy on Product Safety that Group companies in Japan strictly adhere to.
Based on this policy, Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan formulate and follow individual Voluntary Action Plans for Product Safety suited to their business format, working to ensure product safety while remaining customer-focused.
Moreover, we comply fully with government laws and notices, and have developed a system for immediate reporting, for example, in the unlikely event of an accident involving one of our products.
2019 Activities Scorecard for Canon Inc.
• Management review by the president based on the Voluntary Action Plan for Product Safety (conducted annually since 2008)
• Revised three in-house standards documents, including standards for product and chemical safety and warning labels
• Continued efforts to raise awareness among customers about smoke emission from counterfeit batteries and the safe handling of electric cords and plugs, etc.
• Continued implementation of product safety training and emphasis on the importance of product safety during basic training on quality
• Continued implementation of updated e-learning course for all employees to promote understanding of the Voluntary Action Plan for Product Safety
Establishment of In-house Product Safety Technical Standards
Canon regards the provision of safe products as one of the most fundamental and important missions of a manufacturer. We therefore require that all Canon products comply with our own safety standards (for substantial safety*), which take into account customer perspectives on product use, together with legally stipulated product safety standards.
For example, we employ plastics that are more flame resistant than the law requires, and we implement double-protection schemes for important safety-related components. We regularly revise these standards in light of technological advances as well as changes in how customers use our products, and changes in requests regarding safety and quality.
Based on these technical standards, we strictly enforce quality management in terms of safety at the design, evaluation, and production stages. We withhold from the market any products not meeting these exacting standards and ensure that all of our products are safe for use.
* Substantial safety: This means safety not only in terms of what is required by laws and statutes, but any safety issue that can reasonably be expected to arise during customer use.
Main Approaches to Safety Technology
• Conduct safety assessments that address human factors (physical function, abilities, thinking and behavior), taking into account the variety of possible operations a user may perform
• Engage in joint development with manufacturers of essential safety-related components, such as non- combustible parts and non-fail protective components
• Conduct safety-confirmation testing based on abnormal voltage waveforms in commercial power supplies confirmed in regions around the world where Canon products are sold
• Hypothesize abnormalities, such as failure, and conduct stricter safety-evaluation testing than is required by the laws of each country or region
77 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Quality Assessment During Development
Creation of Assessment Environment for the Delivery of Safe Products
Canon Inc. has set up testing facilities compliant with public standards and relevant laws to accurately and thoroughly assess the safety of products in terms of electromagnetic interference (EMI), noise, flame resistance ratings, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), genotoxicity, and electrical safety.
Canon has also obtained certification in public standards such as ISO*1/IEC*2, enabling certified testing to be carried out in-house according to highly precise measurements. Specifically, Canon is equipped with the industry’s leading testing technology, including semi-anechoic chambers for EMI testing that are among the largest and best in Japan, shielded rooms, and semi-anechoic chambers for acoustic noise testing. In addition to EMC testing*3, Canon is able to conduct in-house testing necessary for applying for Blue Angel*4 and other certifications.
*1 ISO: International Organization for Standardization, a non- governmental organization that formulates international industrial and commercial standards.
*2 IEC: International Electrotechnical Commission, an international standardization group that formulates standards on electrical and digital technologies.
*3 EMC (Electromagnetic Compatibility) testing: Consists of testing for electromagnetic interference caused by a product or its power source that may affect the operation of other equipment, and testing for electromagnetic susceptibility of the product itself that may result in malfunction.
*4 Blue Angel: Launched in Germany as the world’s first environmental labeling (ecolabeling) system.
Safety Assessment Initiatives
Safety Assessments of Chemical Substances Released from Products
Canon assesses the chemical emissions from its printers, multifunctional devices (MFDs), projectors, and other products. Our assessments include measurements of data necessary for acquisition of Germany’s Blue Angel environmental label.
We also measure volatile organic compounds (VOCs) for which exposure limits have been set both within Japan and internationally. We verify that emission levels meet our in-house standards, which match or even exceed those set worldwide.
The in-house laboratory conducting these assessments has received accreditation from Germany’s Federal Institute for Materials Research and Testing (BAM) and is therefore capable of conducting the assessments required for applications for Blue
Angel certification. It has also received ISO/IEC 17025 and 28360 accreditation to conduct measurements in a fair and neutral manner.
Since 2017, large equipment that had been excluded from the UFP-related standards for receiving the Blue Angel mark must meet those standards. Canon will continue to respond in a timely manner to other regulatory developments, such as the introduction of the stricter ECMA-328* standard.
* ECMA-328: Ecma International is the organization that sets standards for the information and communications systems sector globally. -328 is a category that governs chemical emission rates from electronic equipment.
Safety Assessments of Ink, Toner, and Other Consumables
Canon assesses the safety of its ink, toner, and other consumables, enabling customers to use its printers and MFDs with confidence.
For example, with regard to the materials for ink and toner, we carry out assessments related to genotoxicity, thought to be closely linked to carcinogenicity, using bacterial reverse mutation tests and in vitro mammalian cell micronucleus tests. Regarding the latter, starting in August 2014, Canon has been able to conduct in-house assessments of the water-insoluble materials used in many Canon products.
Canon’s testing laboratories are highly reliable and have been certified by Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare as in compliance with Good Laboratory Practice (GLP)* standards in the Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc. (Chemical Substances Control Law). Canon’s laboratories also comply with GLP standards set by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). Furthermore, Canon became the first in Japan to have its in vitro mammalian cell micronucleus test certified as in compliance with the GLP standards in the Chemical Substances Control Law.
* Good Laboratory Practice (GLP): The standard for the management, testing and reporting of facilities and organizations that operate as testing agencies conducting chemical substance safety assessments. Testing according to GLP standards ensures reproducibility and data reliability. GLP standards set by the OECD were enacted in 1981, and since then, member countries have developed domestic laws and regulations based on these standards. Facilities certified as compliant under Japan’s GLP standards in the Chemical Substances Control Law must have their certification renewed every three years, which involves receiving a new conformity screening prior to the expiration of the certification’s validity period.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 78

Assessing the Safety of Chemicals and Medical Equipment Through Animal Testing
In some cases, animal testing is an effective means of verifying the impact a chemical may have on human health or the environment. Certain laws and regulations in Japan and other countries require the submission of animal test data as part of statutory safety assessments of chemicals and medical devices.
In light of this, Canon conducts animal testing through a third-party specialist institution, but only in cases where it cannot obtain existing data externally with regard to the chemicals used in its toners and inks, and no alternative is available. This approach is stipulated in our in-house rules on the safety of chemical products and in the Three Rs* for animal testing. Furthermore, for certain components and materials used in medical equipment, we commission external specialist organizations to conduct animal testing if necessary to comply with standards.
Canon will continue to gather information and conduct analysis on novel approaches and evaluation methods that do not require animal testing so that alternative forms of evaluation can be conducted.
* The Three Rs: An internationally accepted set of guiding principles for the use of animals in testing proposed in 1959.
Reduction: Reduce the number of animals used in testing.
Refinement: Minimize the suffering of animals.
Replacement: Use alternative methods to animal testing.
Qualification System for Electric Parts to Ensure Safety and Reliability
Canon considers it essential to maintain and improve the quality and reliability of every component, including semiconductors such as LSIs and various electric parts, to ensure products are safe and reliable. We have developed our own in-house quality certification system for electric parts. When selecting parts under this system, we evaluate reliability and structural soundness in accordance with standards for each type of part, ultimately using only electric parts that meet these standards of quality. In the past few years there have been significant changes in the market environment, including mergers and dissolutions of electric component manufacturers and transfers of plant management. We maintain a reliable level of quality by thoroughly implementing quality certification systems with reinforced change management systems.
Moreover, to make structural evaluations at the selection stage and scan for defects, we utilize high- precision nondestructive evaluation technologies, such as X-ray CT scans and thermal analysis, as well as detailed processing, observation, and measurement.
Software Security and Response to Vulnerabilities
More and more of Canon’s products, including multifunctional devices and cameras, are being connected to other products via networks, greatly enhancing convenience. At the same time, cybersecurity risks, such as leaks of personal or confidential information from a network-connected device, have increased.
In response to such risks, Canon installs security functions for network-compatible products during software development and conducts various types of vulnerability testing. We have also worked to raise awareness about security, vulnerabilities, and risks, and to standardize company-wide approaches to testing methods.
Canon Inc. implements a Secure Development Process designed to allow accurate risk assessments about security risks in product development. We have also introduced the Vulnerability Assessment Check- Sheet as a quality confirmation requirement prior to starting production, and we are developing vulnerability verification processes based on the check-sheet.
Moreover, recognizing the importance of minimizing the impact on customers when a vulnerability is found after products have been shipped, we strive to grasp and publish necessary information about any such issues in a timely manner. Accordingly, we have established a system to investigate market trends on vulnerability, including the products of other companies, and to quickly share information internally to prevent similar problems from occurring in our own products.
After-Sales Support
Online Support Services
In order to facilitate the resolution of issues, Canon provides customer-support services globally through its websites.
On these websites, customers can access support information, including FAQs, product specifications, and user manuals, and can download the latest software and drivers. Support information and software based on common content for worldwide use, as well as local content that has been added by marketing subsidiaries, are made available on our company websites in their respective languages.
79 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Customer usage is continuously monitored and survey Call Information Collection and Analysis System information analyzed, with feedback going to the divisions that created the relevant content. We continuously update the content based on frequently searched keywords, making it easier for customers to find what they are looking for.
In connection with the spread of mobile devices such as smartphones in recent years, Canon is making efforts to optimize display screens, making online support services easier to use.
Enhancing After-Sales Service Worldwide
After-sales service is critical for customers to enjoy long-term use of Canon products. We are therefore expanding our after-sales service network on a global scale in order to offer the same level of prompt, reliable support in every market worldwide.
Utilizing Feedback from Market Data Analysis in Product Improvements
In order to achieve the highest level of customer satisfaction, Canon incorporates user feedback in addition to conducting product evaluations from the customer’s perspective at the development stage.
One way we do this is through the Call Information Collection and Analysis System, updated in 2015. This is a system to collect customer feedback and requests received by call centers at our marketing subsidiaries worldwide. The development and production divisions and marketing subsidiaries can view this information at any time, helping them improve quality, revise user manuals, and develop better products. The results of call analyses are fed back to development teams who then use that information to improve customer convenience by, for example, improving displays on product control panels or simplifying methods for connecting to wireless LANs.
The system currently covers 47 countries and regions in Japan, the Americas, Europe, Asia, and Oceania.
Call Information Collection and Analysis System
  Regional Marketing Subsidiary Call Centers
 Information collection
Sharing and utilization of information
Inquiry
Response
Customer
Database
  Global Quality Management Center
 Global database
Tabulate / categorize / search
 Responding to Product Safety and Quality Issues
Although Canon strives to prevent product safety and quality issues, in the event that one does arise, it has in place a framework that ensures a prompt and appropriate response, including causal investigation, free repair, and information disclosure.
We keep our customers informed about product safety as well as quality issues and remedial procedures by placing product advisory statements in various newspapers and on our website.
In 2019, no product advisory statements or quality notices were placed on our website.
Products Operations Quality Assurance Divisions / Development Divisions / Production Divisions
● Improve usability
● Improve manuals
● Incorporate into future
products
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 80

Process for Responding to Quality Issues
When quality issues arise, the marketing subsidiaries in each country, which serve as contact points for customers, file reports with the quality assurance division of the respective Canon Inc. products operations. The quality assurance division then investigates the cause of the issue and looks into countermeasures. Moreover, in the event of a major issue, related products operations, the Global Quality
Flowchart of Countermeasures to Quality Issues
Management Center, legal division, and public relations division are consulted concerning response measures, and the matter is reported to the chairman/president.
When notification is made to customers via a company notice or Canon websites, we provide instructions to each marketing subsidiary in regions where the relevant product is sold, and, as a general rule, simultaneously release the information worldwide.
When issue arises
When major issue arises
Canon
Information disclosure
  Customer
Inquiry
Report countermeasures
Share information, clarify cause
Approval
Confirmation of response measures
When major issue arises, hold conference to determine countermeasures
● Legal division ● Public relations
division, etc.
Canon Inc.
  Response
Information disclosure
Chairman/President
 Marketing subsidiaries in each country
Senior General Manager Global Quality Management Center
 Quality assurance divisions of products operations
 Chief Executives
Information disclosure
    Report
Instructions for response
   81 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Improving Product Usability
We strive to develop products that different customers can use easily and with confidence.
Providing Information on the Appropriate Use of Products
Pursuing Usability for Canon Products
With the aim of making products easy to operate, Canon conducts user tests through an in-house employee-based product tester system in the product development stage. We also ask in-house specialists to give us their assessment.
We objectively test human factors, including physical characteristics, perception, judgment, and operational skills, to develop products that customers can use comfortably and with ease. In a dedicated test room, we have installed equipment that allows clear, detailed observation and recording of the behavior and actions of testers as they operate devices.
Promoting Universal Design
Canon strives to create people-friendly products by pursuing functionality, operability, and convenience from the customer’s perspective in actual usage situations. As part of this effort, we have adopted a universal design approach through which we endeavor to create products from a customer perspective from the design stage onward, facilitating use by all customers, regardless of age, gender, nationality, or physical ability. At Canon, we approach product design and development from the perspective of making the customer “look like a natural.”
For example, we evaluate and test usability, accessibility, and comfort from various perspectives, regarding aspects such as text sizes that are easy to read and color designs that are easy to recognize for people with various visual sensitivities. Information obtained from these activities is valuable in the development of more user-friendly products.
Moreover, aiming to encourage efforts in universal design, we prepared a booklet that addresses the physical characteristics of users and various issues that arise during product use, and distributed it to all development divisions. We also created pamphlets and set up a website to inform customers about the UDP initiatives underway at Canon. Through such means, we are sharing information on universal design both inside and outside the company.
Reference: Canon’s Universal Design https://global.canon/en/design/ud/
Product Accessibility
Canon is working to increase the accessibility of its products in order to make them easy to use for the elderly and persons with disabilities.
Section 508 of the United States Rehabilitation Act requires that agencies of the federal government only purchase products that meet stipulated accessibility standards. The results of Section 508 accessibility evaluations of Canon products have been collected into a VPAT* and made available on the Canon U.S.A. website.
Meanwhile, in Europe, the European Accessibility Act, an EU Directive, was promulgated in 2019. Moreover, European Standard EN 301 549, which is consistent with Section 508 standards, is beginning to be adopted for government procurement not only in Europe, but globally.
Canon is committed to regularly gathering the latest information, and to developing products that are compliant with the accessibility requirements of each country and region.
* VPAT: Voluntary Product Accessibility Template, a document that evaluates how accessible a particular product is according to Section 508 standards.
 Principles of Universal Design
• Ensuring Inherent Usability
After obtaining a thorough understanding of the customer’s usage circumstances, we give every consideration to the inherent usability of the design in keeping with the product’s purpose and usage environment.
• Creating Products and Services People Enjoy Using We continually pursue innovative idea creation that goes beyond simple problem-solving in order to create products and services that customers want to use.
• Applying Cutting-Edge Technologies
We apply Canon’s leading technologies to products to improve customer convenience and to create richer, more comfortable lives.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 82

Social Contribution
Management Approach
Under our corporate philosophy of kyosei and through community relationships, we seek to find solutions to issues faced by communities around the globe.
 Canon’s Approach
Our world today is rife with complex social issues that include climate change, frequent natural disasters, poverty, and inequality. As expressed in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), companies have an increasingly important role to play in addressing these issues.
The spirit of contributing to society has been a part of Canon’s corporate culture since its founding. By contributing to resolving issues in each of the different communities where we operate, in line with the philosophy of kyosei, we believe that we can not only increase the level of trust enjoyed by our
Relationship with SDGs
Canon pursues social contribution activities in cooperation with the UN, NGOs, universities, and others, helping to achieve the following SDGs.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2
company but also contribute to the sustainable development of society.
Based on this approach, and in line with the Canon Group CSR Activity Policy (→P112), we seek to return to local communities the profit secured through our business activities and to meet social expectations by engaging in activities tailored to the characteristics and issues of different regions worldwide. This involves drawing on Group resources in our areas of strength, such as advanced technological capabilities, global business deployment expertise, and diverse, specialized human resources.
                  83 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Social Contribution Activities
We contribute to the sustainable development of local communities using technology and knowledge gained in business.
Young People Programme Harnesses the Power of Positive Visual Storytelling
As part of helping to realize a sustainable society, Canon Europe is developing the Young People Programme (YPP) to provide workshops that equip young people with the skills and tools to harness the power of positive visual storytelling, focusing on themes related to SDGs. In 2019, the YPP was held in 14 countries, including the UK, Belgium, South Africa, Germany and Lebanon. Since the programme was launched in 2015, it has supported more than 4,250 young people. The images created by the participants have been exhibited at the Visa pour l’Image International Festival of Photojournalism in France and the UN-sponsored Global Festival of Action in Germany.
One YPP participant, Neville Kgaugelo Ngomane of South Africa, was named Young Environmental Photographer of the Year in an international environmental photography competition organized by CIWEM*. His photographs have been featured in many media outlets.
* CIWEM: The Chartered Institution of Water and Environmental Management
Neville Kgaugelo Ngomane holding the award-winning work ©Wild Shot Outreach
Miraisha Programme Aims to Increase Employment Opportunities and Technical Skills in Africa
Canon Europe has been promoting its Miraisha Programme, a social investment initiative in Africa, since December 2014. Miraisha is a portmanteau of the Japanese word mirai, meaning future, and the Swahili word maisha, meaning life. Through the program, Canon
aims to improve the technical skills of and increase employment opportunities for local young people in Africa’s growing photography, video and print industries. Workshops in photography, film-making and professional printing have been conducted in several African countries, including Kenya, Ghana, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Uganda, Cameroon and Ivory Coast. Through partnerships with local organizations, educational institutions and event organizers, and with the assistance of Canon Ambassadors, the Miraisha Programme has so far provided training to more than 5,800 workshop participants. Canon has also organized a training program to develop local photographers and video producers as Canon-accredited trainers for the Miraisha Programme. In 2019, a total of 17 people were accredited as Canon Certified Miraisha trainers.
The 4E’s Project in India
Canon India carries out the 4E’s Project in cooperation with local NGO Humana People to People India. The project provides various forms of assistance in the fields of eye care, education, environment, and empowerment to impoverished villages in the vicinity of the Canon India office.
As a manufacturer of ophthalmic equipment, Canon is dedicated to making advancements in the field of eye care to assist people with vision impairment. In India, where cataracts are a major cause of visual impairment, it is thought that 80% of such cases are preventable or treatable. Canon India opens vision centers in selected villages to give eye examinations and provide treatment using equipment manufactured by Canon. A total of 2,978 people visited these centers in 2019, with 374 receiving free eyeglasses. A further 165 patients were referred for treatment in hospital, with 20 receiving cataract surgery.
Meanwhile, in the fields of education and support for self-reliance, Canon India employees used printed booklets and role play to teach children about health and hygiene based on knowledge the employees had acquired in lectures organized by the United Nations World Food Programme.
These activities won an award in the CSR Excellence category of the Mahatma Award, which recognizes individuals and organizations who have created an
 Canon Sustainability Report 2020 84

outstanding legacy in various areas of social contribution.
Examination at a vision center
Support for Education in Asia
Canon is helping to support the education of the next generation across Asia.
Targeting schools in regions with lagging infrastructure development, the Canon Group in Vietnam is involved in constructing classrooms and donating items such as desks, chairs and books. Employees regularly visit recipient schools to assist in the renovation of toilets, hand washing stations and other facilities, and to present donations of school supplies. Canon also collaborates with local universities to organize technology competitions and engages in other activities that contribute to improving Vietnam’s technology infrastructure.
Meanwhile, the Canon Group in Thailand continues with its program of using photography as a tool for voluntary activities at elementary schools. For 2019, more than 70 employees visited elementary schools to organize a wide range of activities, including classes in printing and photography, making photographic identity cards for students and school employees, and talks on nutritional science and recycling.
Elsewhere, Canon employees can make donations under a matching gift program. For example, since 1997 Canon Inc. has organized a Charity Book Fair to allow employees of the Canon Group in Japan to donate unwanted books, CDs and DVDs for sale at an in-house bazaar. The company matches the proceeds generated by the sale, and these funds are donated to organizations supporting education and medical services in Asia. Approximately ¥1.30 million was donated to four NGOs /NPOs in 2019.
Supporting Disaster Recovery Efforts
Fukushima Canon has concluded a 3-year agreement* with Fukushima Prefecture to participate in restoring the protective barrier of trees along the coast in the Kashima district of Minamisoma City (Fukushima Prefecture), which suffered damage in the Great East Japan Earthquake. In 2019, around 70 Fukushima Canon employees and family members planted 1,000 black pine seedlings and carried out weeding in the surrounding
area. It is hoped that this activity will serve to remind future generations of the day the area was hit by a tsunami of unimagined proportions, and at the same time encourage the community to value and preserve the protective tree barrier as a symbol of recovery.
* September 28, 2018 to March 31, 2021
Light & Color Laboratory Educational Program
Canon Inc. hosts a children’s educational program, Light & Color Laboratory, in partnership with the Japan Science Foundation. The program aims to spark children’s interest in science and technology by providing a place where they can enjoy learning. It explains the science behind the optics and color technologies in Canon products via an entertaining show format featuring various experiments. In 2019, a total of 7,688 children participated in the program.
Preserving Japanese Cultural Assets for the Future Through the Tsuzuri Project Canon and the Kyoto Culture Association (NPO) launched the Cultural Heritage Inheritance Project, commonly known as the Tsuzuri Project, in 2007.
The initiative seeks to make facsimiles of Japanese cultural assets such as folding screens and fusuma (Japanese sliding doors) by first photographing them with a digital camera, then processing the image with precise color-correction technology using a proprietary system, and printing the image on a large-format inkjet printer. Finally, with the application of traditional craft techniques from Kyoto, such as applying gold leaf and mounting, the facsimile, which is as close to the original as possible, is complete. These facsimiles are presented to former owners, related temples, museums, and local governments. Through the combination of conserving important Japanese cultural assets and using high- resolution facsimiles, the project contributes to preserving and communicating Japanese culture.
In 2019, the project donated 13 high-resolution facsimiles of works by Katsushika Hokusai to Tokyo’s Sumida Ward, where Hokusai spent much of his life, thus realizing a kind of homecoming. The originals are owned by the Smithsonian Institution Freer Gallery of Art in the United States, which has a policy that forbids any of the works in the collection from leaving the premises. The resulting exhibition held at the Sumida Hokusai Museum was entitled “The Tsuzuri Project: The Art of Hokusai, reproduced from the collection of the Freer Gallery of Art, Smithsonian Institution.”
By undertaking joint research with the National Center for the Promotion of Cultural Properties (NCPCP) to support the creation of high-resolution facsimiles, and by organizing artwork displays and educational programs with the Tokyo National Museum, Canon hopes to afford many people the opportunity to see such cultural assets
 85 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
and experience a deeper understanding of Japanese culture. These initiatives were recognized with a special prize—the Award Granted by the Commissioner for Cultural Affairs—in the Japan Mécénat Awards* 2019.
* Mécénat Awards: Established in 1991 by the Association for Corporate Support of the Arts with the aim of stimulating corporate patronage (mécénat) of the arts and culture, the awards are presented every year to outstanding examples of such activity.
Reference: The Tsuzuri Project https://global.canon/en/tsuzuri/
The Tsuzuri Project (Cultural Heritage Inheritance Project) has been certified as a “Tokyo 2020 Official Programme (Cultural Olympiad)” by the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee.
High-resolution facsimile of “Six Tama Rivers” by Katsushika Hokusai (Sumida Hokusai Museum)
  Supporting Research Activities that Contribute to the Sustainable Development of Humankind Through the Canon Foundation
The Canon Foundation was established in 2008 with the aim of contributing to
the development of science and technology. Operating completely independently
 of Canon’s business activities, it provides wide-ranging assistance to science and technology research.
Over the past 11 years, the foundation has disbursed a total of 162 research grants totaling ¥2.9 billion. The foundation enjoys recognition from universities and public research institutions across Japan as a distinctive research grant foundation providing relatively high-value research funds—with an average project grant of around ¥18 million—to fledgling research projects and young researchers who have yet to establish a track record.
Grant recipient researchers at the 10th Research Grant Presentation Ceremony
In its funding decisions since 2019, the foundation’s aim has been to create new value for society by adopting an approach of supporting research that addresses cutting-edge fields of science and technology. Based on this concept, the foundation has taken a first step toward the new decade with two completely new programs: Science and Technology that Achieve a Good Future and Science and Technology that Create New Industries.
Reference: Canon Foundation website https://www.canon-foundation.jp/eng/index.html
 Canon Institute for Global Studies, Dedicated to Conquering the Problems Faced by Humankind
The Canon Institute for Global Studies (CIGS) is a non-profit private-sector think tank established in 2008 as a general incorporated foundation in commemoration of Canon Inc.’s 70th anniversary.
In this age of globalization, CIGS analyzes current conditions and positively
proposes strategies from the perspective of Japan’s position within the global
economy as well as what roles and responsibilities Japan should take for global
economic development. The institute brings together researchers with diverse
backgrounds in business, academia, and government to exchange ideas and
information and to expand its global activities. Focused on three main research
areas—macroeconomics; natural resources, energy, and the environment; foreign
affairs and national security—the institute disseminates information and policy proposals based on scientifically valuable research. It also provides a wide range of information to public through events as below.
Public events held in 2019
Reference: The Canon Institute for Global Studies https://www.canon-igs.org/en/index.html
 CIGS Lecture by Kunihiko Miyake (CIGS Research Director)
 Event
Theme
CIGS seminar by Kenji Kushida (CIGS International Research Fellow)
The essence of the AI revolution extends beyond AI: the history of technological innovation and “added value” from the viewpoint of Silicon Valley
 CIGS Lecture by Kazuhito Yamashita (CIGS Research Director)
 Trade issues that are shaking the world
 CIGS Lecture by Kunihiko Miyake (CIGS Research Director)
 2020: Thoughts on Japanese foreign and security policy
 CIGS International Symposium
 Geoengineering and CCUS: Their Role in Managing Climate Change Risks
 CIGS Symposium on healthcare/welfare system reform
 New World Trends: Population Health and New Technology for the Greatest Good
 CIGS Special Symposium
 Artificial Intelligence, Big Data and the Future of Public Policy
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 86

Business Strategy
Office Business Unit
We aim to realize more comfortable office working environments for customers by supplying products and services that help to boost office productivity.
  Business Environment
Businesses have gradually gone paperless in recent years with the adoption of mobile devices and digital work flows, and the number of printing opportunities using multifunction devices (MFDs), laser printers and other printing equipment is in decline. At the same time, there is growing interest in solutions to improve office productivity as many companies review how work is done. There is also increasing demand for information security measures due to the growing risk of data security breaches with the spread of IoT.
Yet, while the market for office printing equipment is projected to shrink, demand for printing on paper will not disappear completely. In fact, we see greater opportunities for print-capable MFDs that are integrated with cloud- based digital technologies.
Mission-critical Initiatives
Responding to increased demand for more efficient office processes, Canon is supplying products and services that help realize smoother and faster business communications by utilizing cloud-based solutions and other upgraded network functions. To help save time and expense for customers, we are also reducing the frequency of maintenance through online support for off-site machine evaluation and the adoption of more durable replacement parts. In addition, with environmental concerns increasing
worldwide, we are accelerating efforts to create energy- efficient designs and make products even lighter and more compact so Canon products continue to have low environmental impact.
Results (FY2019)
Unit MFD sales were boosted by strong sales of the imageRUNNER ADVANCE Gen3 3rd Edition series, which offers stronger security and enhanced convenience through compatibility with external cloud services. In other developments, the launch of the imagePRESS C165 enabled us to access a previously untapped segment of the production printing market. Capable of producing professional-quality prints, this compact model is designed for in-house corporate printing needs.
Sales of laser printers declined, reflecting the impact of the economic slowdown in Europe and China. Sales of medium- and high-speed models held up under challenging conditions due to our introduction of more advanced energy-efficient models employing a newly developed toner that enables lower temperature fixing.
In the commercial printing sector, we launched new models for the fast-growing segment of graphic arts applications such as posters and catalogs. These printers enjoyed strong sales, earning praise for their ability to
87 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
  handle a wide range of paper types and deliver professional image quality.
As a result, total sales for the business unit fell 5.8% year on year to ¥1,702.6 billion, while operating profit declined 23.5% year on year to ¥168.9 billion.
Future Strategy
We expect the MFD market to remain firm in 2020, supported by the growing demand for models with advanced efficiency-enhancing features, and by the ongoing shift to color models, notably in emerging markets. In 2020, we plan to accelerate our sales of solutions- integrated hardware by launching a series of new models designed to meet users’ changing needs. In addition, we will work to boost profitability through expanded sales of such products as color MFDs and production equipment.
The forecast for the laser printer market is one of gradual contraction over the medium term. In 2020, we expect an economic slowdown in emerging markets to exacerbatethistrend.Amidtoughmarketconditions,we are focusing on securing sales of medium- and high-speed models that can create steady demand for consumables due to high print volumes. To this end, we are working to further reduce development lead-times while continuously introducing high-performance models that enhance convenience for users.
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
2,110.8
1,804.8
1,807.8 1,807.31,702.6
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
Operating Profit/ Operating Profit Ratio
Operating profit ratio (%)
■■ Operating profit (Billions of yen)
  13.8 290.6
10.5 169.5 189.3
12.2 220.8
9.9 168.9
     9.4
    * In 2018, a reclassification of operating profit and other income (deductions) was conducted due to change in pension accounting standards. 2017 figures have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
* From 2018, a portion of results previously included in the Office Business Unit have been reclassified under the Industry and Others Business Unit. 2017 figures have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 88

Business Strategy
Imaging System Business Unit
With the aim of enriching lives, Canon develops and applies a wealth of imaging technology to support people-to-people communication by capturing and conveying the experience and emotion of unforgettable moments.
  Business Environment
The digital camera market continues to contract, particularly within the entry-level segment, as the camera features of smartphones improve. Even under these circumstances, cameras offering advanced functionality, with technology such as full-frame image sensors and interchangeable lenses for rich expressiveness, are being sought by professional photographers and advanced amateur users.
In the inkjet printer market, demand for home printing is declining in advanced countries due to greater use of mobile devices. However, in emerging markets, with continued economic development, we expect growth in demand for refillable ink tank models from those users with high-volume printing needs.
Mission-critical Initiatives
Leveraging its strengths in optical and image-processing technologies cultivated over many years since its founding, Canon is working to further raise camera functionality, while seeking to expand applications in new fields.
In interchangeable-lens digital cameras, we are focusing on developing models that work well across varied conditions, including capturing fast-moving objects or shooting in low light. By allowing sports photographers to capture emotive moments, or advanced amateurs to exude expressiveness and creativity through faithful color reproduction, Canon’s
high-performance cameras are contributing to the development of culture, sports and the arts.
We are also developing new-concept cameras that are unconventional by design. With highly specialized functions or shooting capabilities to differentiate them from smartphones, these are cameras aimed at satisfying new needs. We are also seeking to expand in business-to-business fields by applying camera technologies to the development of data-entry devices for use in the automotive and industrial sectors. These products could help realize innovations such as smart mobility or smart factories.
Results (FY2019)
Reflecting ongoing market contraction, unit sales of interchangeable-lens digital cameras declined further. However, the continuing development of our mirrorless camera range in 2019 with the launch of three new models boosted sales. In digital compact cameras, amid a continued decline in unit sales, we focused on sales of high-value-added models such as the PowerShot G-series to improve profitability.
Sales revenue from inkjet printers declined, reflecting ongoing contraction in the market for home-use printers in developed countries and the impact of slower economic growth in emerging markets, regions that have supported the market to date.
89 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

  Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
  As a result, overall sales for the business unit fell 16.8% year on year to ¥807.4 billion, while operating profit declined 62.0% year on year to ¥48.2 billion.
Future Strategy
In interchangeable-lens digital cameras, we will continue to expand the lineup of full-frame mirrorless camera bodies. In addition to the “EOS R” and “EOS RP,” currently existing models, we plan to launch a high-performance model while further expanding our lineup of lenses to cater to the needs of professional and advanced amateur photographers.
In 2019, we launched the new IVY REC concept camera (iNSPiC REC in Japan), an ultra-compact carabiner-clip camera that is ideal for taking pictures outdoors. Going forward, we will aim to continue bringing the joy of shooting images to more people with new value-added cameras based on a less conventional approach.
In inkjet printers, we will work to capture demand in emerging markets, where medium-term growth is expected, promoting the enhancement of our lineup of large-capacity refillable ink tank models.
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
1,263.8
1,095.31,136.2
970.4
807.4
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
Operating Profit/ Operating Profit Ratio
Operating profit ratio (%)
■■ Operating profit (Billions of yen)
  14.5 183.4
13.2
144.4
15.3
173.5
13.1
126.8
       * In 2018, a reclassification of operating profit and other income (deductions) was conducted due to change in pension accounting standard. 2017 figures have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
* From 2019, a portion of results previously included in the Imaging System Business Unit have been reclassified under the Industry and Others Business Unit. 2018 figures have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
6.0 48.2
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 90

Business Strategy
Medical System Business Unit
Canon supplies products and services, including diagnostic imaging systems, healthcare IT solutions and in vitro diagnostics systems, to help create a society in which everyone around the world can enjoy high-quality healthcare and live a healthy life.
  Business Environment
Demand for the prevention, early diagnosis and treatment of disease is growing due to aging populations, primarily in developed countries, and increasing affluence in emerging markets. Steady growth over the medium term is projected for the market for diagnostic imaging equipment, this Business Unit’s core operations. Demand is also increasing for healthcare IT solutions to ease the burden on healthcare professionals and enhance diagnostic support through effective use of vast quantities of imaging data. The growing demand also provides an opportunity to expand Canon’s business operations by leveraging its strengths in diagnostic imaging equipment, AI and imaging analytics.
At the same time, greater competition is expected to emerge within the sector from medical equipment providers based in emerging markets amid heavy investment in healthcare infrastructure. Companies in other sectors are also looking to enter the field of healthcare IT.
Mission-critical Initiatives
Utilizing technical strengths in diagnostic imaging, Canon aims to contribute to a society where people can lead healthy lives.
With diagnostic imaging equipment, we are using image reconstruction based on deep learning AI technology to
provide high-resolution images. This technology also provides other benefits such as making procedures less invasive for patients based on less exposure to radiation and shorter scan times, as well as quieter machine operation.
In addition, we are upgrading our lineup of in vitro diagnostics systems to provide fast, accurate and simple tests for infectious diseases and other conditions. These efforts promise to help more people access early stage diagnosis.
We are developing healthcare IT solutions that can provide highly accurate disease auto-detection capabilities by applying AI-based imaging analytics to huge quantities of diagnostic imagery. As patient numbers rise due to aging and medicine becomes more advanced, we hope to relieve the burden on medical providers while improving diagnostic accuracy.
Results (FY2019)
The focus in the past few years has been on revamping our lineup of diagnostic imaging systems, the core business in this segment. The introduction of a series of new products helped to increase sales in 2019.
In CT scanners, we made the image noise-reduction technology from top-end models a standard feature across the range and launched entry models offering high cost performance in emerging markets. The expanded lineup addresses various customer needs in terms of price and functionality, and is helping us to expand our customer base.
91 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

  Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
  As a result, overall sales for the business unit increased 0.2% year on year to ¥438.5 billion, while operating profit fell 7.3% year on year to ¥26.7 billion.
Future Strategy
First, in the core diagnostic imaging equipment business, our focus is on further upgrading the product lineup while expanding sales by reinforcing our marketing capabilities, especially outside Japan. In the United States, the world’s largest and most advanced healthcare market, we plan to expand our workforce significantly to capture market share by generating more sales leads. This approach should also create a positive ripple effect in other regions. In emerging markets, we aim to make a positive contribution to the government-led development of medical infrastructure through cooperation with local manufacturers so that more patients can enjoy access to high-quality healthcare.
We entered the gene analysis services business when ACTmed joined the Canon Group in 2018. In 2019, we initiated joint research with Kyoto University’s Center for iPS Cell Research and Application (CiRA) aimed at realizing high-quality autologous iPS cells. Going forward, we will seek to expand further into bioscience and other business fields with enhanced growth potential.
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
436.2 437.6 438.5
2017 2018 2019 (Year)
Operating Profit/ Operating Profit Ratio
Operating profit ratio (%)
■■ Operating profit (Billions of yen)
6.6
6.1 28.8 26.7
     5.0 21.9
    * In 2018, a reclassification of operating profit and other income (deductions) was conducted due to change in pension accounting standard. 2017 figures have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
2017 2018 2019 (Year)
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 92

Business Strategy
Industry and Others Business Unit
Industrial Equipment
Canon is helping to stimulate progress in industrial innovation by applying proprietary optical and image-processing technologies to applications in industrial equipment.
  Business Environment
Technological innovation in such fields as IoT, big data, AI and robotics is leading to diversification of semiconductor devices and expectations that the semiconductor lithography equipment market will continue to grow. We also expect growth in investment in the equipment needed to manufacture FPDs and OLED panels, reflecting solid investment in high- resolution display panels for use in increasingly larger and foldable smartphones and high-definition TV sets for 4K/8K broadcasting. Although equipment demand in these sectors tends to be cyclical depending on variations in levels of capital investment by customers, steady growth is expected over the medium- to long-term.
Mission-critical Initiatives
In industrial equipment, Canon aims to contribute to the manufacturing of semiconductor devices and displays that will drive the IoT era.
We are helping customers to boost productivity by strengthening and expanding our lithography equipment lineup and via the timely supply of various upgrades in features and performance. Besides lithographic approaches, we are also promoting practical use of next-generation equipment through development of a new technology “nanoimprint,” which achieves circuit pattern miniaturization at lower cost.
Building on its technological advantages in OLED panel manufacturing equipment, Canon Tokki is making progress towards developing equipment for manufacturing large- sized panels.
Results (FY2019)
Unit sales of semiconductor lithography equipment declined in year-on-year terms, despite strong levels of
investment in sensors linked to advancement in IoT, and due to constrained customer investment linked to the erosion of memory chip prices. The continued restraint shown by manufacturers of small- and medium-sized panels due to sluggish smartphone sales also impacted the market for FPD lithography equipment.
Sales of OLED panel manufacturing equipment declined as well amid a correction in investment in smartphone displays. However, we made progress in improving profitability by aggressively cutting costs and promoting the standardization of specifications from the design phase.
Future Strategy
Buoyant demand is expected in the semiconductor lithography equipment market in 2020, reflecting a recovery in memory chip prices and higher demand for sensors and other non- memory semiconductor devices. We plan to boost unit sales by maintaining our competitive edge based on responding flexibly to the diverse requirements of semiconductor manufacturers.
In FPD lithography equipment, we expect demand to stay firm for high-resolution panels used in large TV sets. Leveraging Canon’s proprietary one-shot exposure lithography technology, we aim to gain further market share by capturing demand from panel manufacturers.
In OLED panel manufacturing equipment, we expect a surge in panel investment due to high replacement demand for 5G phones with OLED displays. Going forward, we will work to maintain a dominant position in this market by honing our proprietary ultra-high-definition technology.
93 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Network Cameras
Based on technical advancements in network cameras and video content analytic software, Canon aims to expand its presence in network visual solutions to contribute not only to the creation of a safe and secure society, but also to such fields as marketing and manufacturing.
 Business Environment
Homes and businesses worldwide face an increasingly diverse range of safety and security threats such as crime and natural disasters. To mitigate these threats, there is a need for infrastructure development and maintenance in various fields which ensure a safer and more secure life.
Mission-critical Initiatives
Canon is contributing to the realization of a safer and more secure society with high-performance, high-quality network cameras, along with video content analytic software for high-speed data processing. With leading camera, video management and video content analytic software companies Axis, Milestone and BriefCam all part of the Canon Group, we aim to strengthen our product lineup and enhance solutions. Going forward, with demand expected to grow not only for security applications, but also for uses in such sectors as marketing, manufacturing and sports, we will focus on developing new and improved solutions that will meet each sector's needs.
Results (FY2019)
Net sales rose in 2019 as the result of securing large orders from public-sector institutions and major corporations, who value the superior sensitivity and image resolution of our products in security applications. Additional contributions to revenue growth came from products equipped with a new image processing chip that enables reduction in data transmission costs by compressing captured video data, and sharper images of moving subjects in low light conditions.
Future Strategy
Besides upgrading the functionality of our camera hardware, we plan to respond to the growing demand for video analytics
as well. Achievements to date include the development of software for real-time crowd counts of thousands of people. Going forward, we plan to further expand our lineup of video analytics solutions. We are also aiming to expand business by building on the strong global network developed by Axis spanning some 90,000 business partners.
Results of Industry and Others Business Unit (FY2019)
Overall sales for the Industry and Others Business Unit fell 12.5% year on year to ¥737.9 billion, while operating profit declined 72.2% year on year to ¥15.5 billion.
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
Operating Profit/ Operating Profit Ratio
Operating profit ratio (%)
■ Operating profit (Billions of yen)
  792.9 842.9 524.7 584.7
737.9
40.7 5.1
55.7
6.6
     *
* *
In 2018, a reclassification of operating profit and other income (deductions) was conducted due to change in pension accounting standards. 2017 figures have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
From 2018, a portion of results previously included in the Office Business Unit have been reclassified under the Industry and Others Business Unit. 2017 figures have been restated to conform with the current presentation. From 2019, a portion of results previously included in the Imaging System Business Unit have been reclassified under the Industry and Others Business Unit. 2018 figures have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
2.1
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
–13.1
15.5
 –2.5
7.4 1.3
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 94

Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
Board of Directors (As of April 1, 2020) Directors *Outside
   Chairman & CEO
Fujio Mitarai
President & COO
Masaya Maeda
  Executive Vice President & CFO
Toshizo Tanaka
Group Executive,
Finance & Accounting Headquarters Group Executive, Public Affairs Headquarters Group Executive,
Facilities Management Headquarters
Apr. 1964: Mar.1995: Mar.1997: Mar.2001: Mar. 2007: Mar. 2008: Apr. 2011:
Mar.2014: Apr. 2017: Mar. 2018: Apr. 2018:
Apr. 1969: Feb. 2003:
Jun. 2004: Aug.2005: May 2006:
Jun. 2007:
Jun. 2008:
Jun. 2010:
Mar.2014:
Entered the Company
Director
Managing Director
Senior Managing Director
Executive Vice President & Director Executive Vice President & CFO (present) Group Executive of Finance & Accounting Headquarters
Group Executive of Human Resources Management & Organization Headquarters Group Executive of Facilities Management Headquarters (present)
Group Executive of Public Affairs Headquarters (present)
Group Executive of Finance & Accounting Headquarters (present)
Appointed as Public Prosecutor
Superintending Prosecutor of Takamatsu High Public Prosecutors Office
Superintending Prosecutor of Hiroshima High Public Prosecutors Office
Superintending Prosecutor of Osaka High Public Prosecutors Office
Retired from Superintending Prosecutor of Osaka High Public Prosecutors Office Registered as an attorney (present)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of NICHIREI CORPORATION
Director of Sumitomo Osaka Cement Co., Ltd. (present)
Director of HEIWA REAL ESTATE CO., LTD. (present)
Director (present)
Executive Vice President & CTO & In charge of Printing Business
Toshio Homma
Chief Executive, Digital Printing Business Operations
Apr. 1972: Jan. 1995:
Mar.2003: Apr. 2003:
Jan. 2007:
Mar.2008: Mar.2012:
Mar. 2016: Apr. 2016:
Mar. 2017: Mar. 2019: Apr. 2020:
Apr. 1975: Jul. 2007: Jul. 2009: Jul. 2010: Jan. 2011:
Jun. 2011:
Jun. 2013: Mar.2014: Jul. 2015:
Jun. 2019:
Entered the Company
Senior General Manager of Copying Machine Development Center
Director
Group Executive of Business Promotion Headquarters
Chief Executive of L Printer Products Operations
Managing Director
Senior Managing Director Group Executive of Procurement Headquarters
Executive Vice President
Chief Executive of Office Imaging Products Operations
Executive Vice President & In charge of Office Business
Executive Vice President & CTO & In charge of Office Business
Executive Vice President & CTO & In charge of Printing Business (present)
Chief Executive of Digital Printing Business Operations (present)
Entered Ministry of Finance
Director-General of Tax Bureau, Ministry of Finance Commissioner of National Tax Agency
Retired from Commissioner of National Tax Agency Senior Managing Director of Japan Securities Depository Center, Incorporated
President and Chief Executive Officer (daihyo ̄ torishimariyaku shacho ̄ ) of Japan Securities Depository Center, Incorporated
Director of Toyota Motor Corporation
Director (present)
President and Chief Executive Officer (daihyo ̄ shikko ̄ yaku shacho ̄ ) of Japan Securities Depository Center, Incorporated
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Motor Corporation (present)
  Director*
Kunitaro Saida
Director*
Haruhiko Kato
95 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Apr. 1961: Mar.1981: Mar.1985: Mar.1989: Mar. 1993:
Entered the Company
Director
Managing Director
Senior Managing & Representative Director Executive Vice President & Representative Director
Apr. 1975: Mar.2007: Apr. 2007:
Mar. 2010: Mar.2014: Mar. 2016:
Entered the Company
Director
Chief Executive of Image Communication Products Operations
Managing Director
Senior Managing Director
President & COO (present)
Sep. 1995:
Mar.2006: Chairman, President & CEO May2006:Chairman&CEO(daihyo ̄ torishimariyaku
kaicho ̄ )
Mar.2012: Chairman & CEO (daihyo ̄ torishimariyaku
kaicho ̄ ken shacho ̄ )
Mar.2016: Chairman & CEO (daihyo ̄ torishimariyaku
kaicho ̄ ) (present)
[Important concurrent posts]
• Audit & Supervisory Board Member of The Yomiuri
Shimbun Holdings
President & CEO
[Important
• Attorney
• Director of Sumitomo Osaka Cement Co., Ltd. • Director of HEIWA REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.
[Important concurrent posts]
• Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Motor
Corporation
concurrent posts]

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Audit & Supervisory Board Members *Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
    Ryuichi Ebinuma
Apr. 1983: Jul. 2002:
Jan. 2009:
Apr. 2011: Jan. 2013: Apr. 2016: Apr. 2018:
Mar.2020:
Entered the Company
Senior General Manager of Research Laboratory of Printing Technologies, Core Technology Development Headquarters Group Executive of Core Technology Development Group, Corporate R&D Executive Officer
Deputy Group Executive of Corporate R&D Managing Executive Officer
Group Executive, Corporate Planning Headquarters
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (present)
Hiroaki Sato
Hiroshi Yoshida
Apr. 1982: Feb. 2004:
Jul. 2014:
Jul. 2015: Apr. 2018: Mar.2019:
Oct. 1980: Apr. 1984:
Jul. 1993: Jun. 2000: May 2007:
Nov. 2011: Mar.2017:
Entered the Company
Senior General Manager of MR Systems Laboratory
Deputy Group Executive of Advanced Information & Real-world Technology Development Group, Digital System Technology Development Headquarters
Deputy Group Executive of Digital System Technology Development Headquarters Principal Staff Engineer of Digital Business Platform Development Headquarters
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (present)
Joined Tohmatsu Awoki & Co.
Registered as Certified Public Accountant (present)
Partner of Tohmatsu & Co.
Representative Partner of Tohmatsu & Co. Managing Partner, Finance & Administration of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
The Board Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CFO of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (present)
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members*
  Yutaka Tanaka
Koichi Kashimoto
Apr. 1975: Apr. 1986: Apr. 1987:
Apr. 1992: Apr. 1996:
Oct. 2014: Mar.2019:
Assistant Judge of the Tokyo District Court Judge of the Tokyo District Court
Instructor of the Legal Training & Research Institute, the Supreme Court of Japan Judicial Research Official, the Supreme Court of Japan
Resignation as a Judge
Registered as an attorney (present)
Guest Professor of Keio University Law School Audit & Supervisory Board Member (present)
 Executive Officers
Executive Vice Presidents
Hideki Ozawa
President & CEO, Canon (China) Co., Ltd.
Managing Executive Officers
Senior Managing Executive Officers
[Important concurrent posts]
• Attorney
• Director of Laws & Ordinances Compliance Investigation
Office, Financial Services Agency of Japan
Apr. 1984: Apr. 1997:
Apr. 2005:
Apr. 2009: Apr. 2012:
Apr. 2016: Oct. 2016:
Mar.2018:
Entered The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Manager of Government Relations Dept. of The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
General Manager of Corporate Administration Center of The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Managing Director of Dai-ichi Life International (Europe) Limited General Manager of Secretarial Dept. of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Senior General Manager of Secretarial Dept. (in charge of Secretarial Dept. and General Affairs Dept.), and Senior General Manager of Group General Affairs Unit of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Senior General Manager of Secretarial Dept. (in charge of Secretarial Dept. and General Affairs Dept.) of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited and Senior General Manager and Chief of General Affairs Unit of Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (present)
    Kenichi Nagasawa
Group Executive,
Corporate Intellectual Property and Legal Headquarters
Kazuto Ogawa
President & CEO, Canon U.S.A., Inc.
Soichi Hiramatsu
Group Executive, Procurement Headquarters
Minoru Asada
President & CEO,
Canon Production Printing Holding B.V.
Executive Officers
Nobutoshi Mizusawa
Deputy Chief Executive,
Medical Systems and Components Operations
Akiko Tanaka
Deputy Group Executive, R&D Headquarters
Katsuhiko Shinjo
Deputy Group Executive, R&D Headquarters
Takeshi Ichikawa
Group Executive, Device Technology Development Headquarters
Masanori Yamada
Chief Executive, Image Solutions Business Operations
Chief, Olympic and Paralympic Project Chief, IR/MICE Business Project
Shunsuke Inoue
Group Executive, R&D Headquarters
Takashi Takeya
Senior General Manager,
Global Logistics Management Center
Kazuhiko Nagashima
Deputy Group Executive,
Finance & Accounting Headquarters
Yoichi Iwabuchi
Group Executive,
Information & Communication Systems Headquarters
Noriko Gunji
President & CEO,
Canon Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Katsuyoshi Soma
President,
Fukushima Canon Inc.
Hiroto Okawara
Deputy Group Executive, Image Solutions Business Group 2 Chief, Smart Mobility Business Promotion Project
Seymour Liebman
Executive Vice President, Canon U.S.A., Inc.
Aitake Wakiya
Executive Vice President & CFO, Canon Europe Ltd.
Takayuki Miyamoto
Chief Executive,
Peripheral Products Operations Chief, Canon EXPO Project
Chief, Frontier Business Promotion Project
Go Tokura
Chief Executive,
Image Communication Business Operations
Nobuyuki Tainaka
Senior General Manager,
Global Legal Administration Center
Hideki Sanatake
Deputy Group Executive, Corporate Intellectual Property and Legal Headquarters
Masaki Omori
Deputy Group Executive,
Production Engineering Headquarters
Yoshiyuki Koshimizu
Senior General Manager, Digital Printing Development Center 1
Toshio Takiguchi
Chief Executive, Medical Systems and Components Operations
President & CEO, Canon Medical Systems Corporation
Eiji Osanai
Group Executive,
Production Engineering Headquarters
Katsumi Iijima
Group Executive,
Digital Business Platform Development Headquarters
Hisahiro Minokawa
Group Executive,
Human Resources Management & Organization Headquarters
Takanobu Nakamasu
Executive Vice President, Canon Europe Ltd.
Tamaki Hashimoto
Group Executive,
Digital Printing Business Group 3
Saijiro Endo
Senior General Manager,
Digital Printing Development Planning & Management Center 1
Yuichi Ishizuka
President & CEO, Canon Europa N.V. President & CEO, Canon Europe Ltd.
Hiroaki Takeishi
Chief Executive,
Optical Products Operations
Ritsuo Mashiko
President, Oita Canon Inc. President, Miyazaki Canon Inc.
Toshihiko Kusumoto
Deputy Chief Executive,
Digital Printing Business Operations
Hideto Kohtani
Deputy Group Executive, Image Solutions Business Group 1
Toshiyuki Matsuda
Group Executive, Peripherals Marketing Group
 Canon Sustainability Report 2020 96

Corporate Governance
Fundamental Policy
In order to establish a sound corporate governance structure and continuously raise corporate value, Canon believes that it is essential to improve management transparency and strengthen management supervising functions. At the same time, a sense of ethics and mission held by each executive and employee of a company is very important in order to achieve continuous corporate growth and development.
Reference: An Overview of Corporate Governance at Canon Inc. https://global.canon/en/ir/strategies/governance.html
Governance Structure
Fundamental Policy
Canon is globally expanding its businesses in various business fields, including office equipment, consumer products, medical equipment, and industrial equipment, and aims to aggressively expand into new business fields in the future. In order to make prompt decisions in each business field, and make important decisions for the entire Canon Group or on matters that straddle several business fields from a company-wide perspective and at the same time secure
Corporate Governance Structure (As of April 1, 2020)
appropriate decision making and execution of operation, the Company judges the corporate governance structure below to be effective.
History of the Governance Structure
• Introduced the Executive Officer system
• Appointed non-Japanese Executive Officer
• Reduced the number of Directors (from 25 to 17) • Appointed Outside Directors (two)
• Appointed female Executive Officer
• Conducted an effectiveness evaluation of the Board
of Directors
• Reduced the number of Directors (from 17 to 6) • Established Nomination and Remuneration
Advisory Committee
• Established the Independence Standards for
Independent Directors/Audit and Supervisory Board Members
 2008
 2009
 2010
 2014
 2015
 2016
    Elect/Dismiss
Elect/Dismiss/ Approve/Supervise
Elect/Dismiss
Elect/Dismiss
Audit
    Report
Cooperation
 Representative
Directors
CEO, etc.
Report
General Meeting of Shareholders
  Board of Directors
Consult
 Report
Executive Officers, General Managers
Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee
Risk Management Committee
Audit & Supervisory Board
  Audit
    Corporate Strategy Committee
Representative Directors and Executive Officers with direct control of an organizational division
Accounting Auditors
(Audit Firm)
      Subcommittees Financial Risk Compliance Business Risk Management
  Report
Report
Report
Disclosure Committee
Cooperation
Corporate Audit Center
Internal Audit
Financial Audit Cooperation
     Consult Report
  Report
 97 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Cooperation
Instruct/Order/ Approve/Supervise

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Board of Directors
While the focus of the organizational structure of the Board of Directors is on Representative Directors that oversee company-wide business strategies or execution such as the CEO, COO, CFO, CTO, and Representative Directors or Executive Directors that oversee multiple business fields or headquarters functions, in order to secure sound management, an adequate number of at least two or more Independent Outside Directors are appointed. The Board of Directors, in accordance with laws and regulations, makes important decisions and supervises the execution of duties by officers.
Except for the above, the CEO and other Representative Directors are active in decision making and execution, and under the command and supervision of the Representative Directors, Executive Officers that are elected through resolution of the Board of Directors make decisions and execute operations of each business field or function.
The Board of Directors consists of six members, four Representative Directors from inside the Company and two Outside Directors that qualify as Independent Directors. Additionally, there are 38 Executive Officers, including two females and one non-Japanese.
Audit & Supervisory Board
As a body which is in charge of the audit of operations, under the principles of autonomy, which is independent from the Board of Directors, Canon Inc. has full-time Audit
& Supervisory Board Members that are familiar with Canon Inc.’s businesses or its management structure, and Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members that have extensive knowledge in specialized areas such as law, finance and accounting, and internal control. The Audit & Supervisory Board, which is composed of these individuals, cooperates with Canon Inc.’s accounting auditors and internal audit division, oversees the status of duty execution of operations and corporate assets to secure the soundness of management.
The Audit & Supervisory Board consists of five individuals, three of which are Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, including two designated as Independent Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members. In accordance with auditing policies and plans decided at Audit & Supervisory Board meetings, the Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend Board of Directors‘ meetings and other important gatherings such as Corporate Strategy Committee meetings. They are also able to listen to reports from directors and employees, review documents related to important decisions, and conduct audits by investigating etc. the situation of businesses and property of Canon Inc. and its subsidiaries. Additionally, the Office of Audit & Supervisory Board Members is independent, and it has a dedicated staff. The Audit & Supervisory Board Members can order headquarter management and other operations to conduct investigations in cases of necessity. In this way, the Audit & Supervisory Board plays a role in monitoring management, conducting strict audits of directors’ execution of duty, including the status of development of the internal control system. Furthermore, the Audit & Supervisory Board Members cooperate closely with the accounting auditors and the company‘s internal auditing arm, and such cooperation services to improve each monitoring function.
Corporate Strategy Committee, Risk Management Committee, and Disclosure Committee
Canon Inc. established the Corporate Strategy Committee, consisting of Representative Directors and some Executive Officers. Among items to be decided by the CEO, the Committee undertakes prior deliberations on important matters pertaining to Canon Group strategies. Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members attend Corporate Strategy Committee meetings and are able to express their own opinions.
Based on a resolution passed by the Board of Directors, Canon set up the Risk Management Committee, which formulates policy and action proposals regarding improvement of the Canon Group risk management system. The Risk Management Committee consists of three entities: the Financial Risk Management Subcommittee, which is tasked with improving systems to ensure reliability of financial reporting; the Compliance Subcommittee, which is tasked with promoting corporate ethics and improving legal compliance systems; and the Business Risk Management Subcommittee, which is charged with improving systems to manage overall business risks, including risks related to product quality and information leak. The Risk Management Committee verifies the risk management system’s improvement and implementation and reports the status to the CEO and the Board of Directors.
In addition, the Disclosure Committee was established to undertake deliberations pertaining to information disclosure, including content and timing, to ensure important corporate information will be disclosed in a timely and accurate manner.
Internal Audit Division
The Corporate Audit Center, the company’s internal auditing arm, as an independent and specialized organization and in accordance with internal audit rules, conducts audits and evaluations and provides guidance on such matters as compliance with laws and the internal control system. Furthermore, audits of particular themes such as quality and the environment are conducted by the Corporate Audit Center in cooperation with each division in charge. Additionally, based on top management policy, for all work processes, audits must be conducted from specialized viewpoints and there are plans to increase the number of members from the current 80 to strengthen auditing functions.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 98

Board Policies and Procedures in the Appointment of Senior Management and
the Nomination of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Candidates
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member candidates and Executive Officers are people that have the ability to
fairly and effectively execute duties and, in principle, are selected from people that have met the following requirements, regardless of personal attributes such as gender, nationality, age etc.
Requirements of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Candidates and Executive Officers
Have a true understanding of the corporate philosophy and code of conduct of the Company. At the same time, have broad familiarity with the Company’s businesses and operations, gained through, for example, Executive Officer experience. Have the ability to make effective decisions that overlook multiple businesses and functions. In addition to this, the CEO shall be a person with the ability to lead the Canon Group, having, in particular, a wealth of knowledge and skill related to management and a clear vision and a strong sense of responsibility.
In addition to meeting the independence standard that is separately determined by the Board of Directors, have an abundance of experience and superior insight into fields such as business management, risk management, law, and economics.
Be familiar with the Company’s businesses or its management structure, or have an abundance of experience and superior insight into professional fields such as law, finance, accounting, and internal control. As for Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, additionally meet the independence standards that are separately determined by the Board of Directors.
Have been highly evaluated in terms of character and ability in managerial assessment and managerial talent training programs, and also have sufficient knowledge, experience and judgment, to shoulder the responsibility of execution in specific fields, and truly understand the corporate philosophy and code of conduct of the Company.
 Representative Directors and Executive Directors
 Independent Outside Directors
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Executive Officers
       The Company established the “Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee,” a non-statutory committee, which consists of the CEO, two Independent Outside Directors and one Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member. At the time, Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member candidates are nominated and Executive Officers are appointed, including the selection of a successor for the chief executive officer position, the CEO recommends candidates thereof from among individuals that have been recognized as having met the prescribed requirements, and the Committee checks the fairness and validity of such recommendation prior to submission to and deliberation by the Board of Directors.
Additionally, as for Audit & Supervisory Board Member candidates, prior to deliberation of the Board of Directors, consent of the Audit & Supervisory Board shall be acquired.
Analyzing and Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Once a year, a questionnaire survey of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members on the items below is conducted. Based on the result of the questionnaire survey, analysis and evaluations regarding the effectiveness of the entire Board of Directors are carried out at the Board of Directors’ meeting.
• As for the operation of Board of Directors (including the appropriateness of when documents are distributed, how often meetings are held, and the time spend deliberating)
• As for the decision making and supervisory function of the Board of Directors (including the appropriateness of agenda items and agenda criteria of the Board of Directors as well as appropriateness etc. of content that is reported.)
• As for the roles of Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including the necessity of training etc. regarding the understanding of company affairs and corporate structure)
As for fiscal year 2019, at the Board of Directors meeting held in February 2020, it was determined that there was no problem with the effectiveness of Board of Directors meetings due to ongoing measures to enhance deliberation at these meetings. These measures include, providing Outside Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board with prior explanations of the meeting agendas, sharing management information by having Outside Directors attend meetings of the Corporate Strategy Committee, etc., and the periodical exchanging of opinions between Outside Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board based on the findings of Audit & Supervisory Board Members. In the future, yearly analysis and evaluations will be continued and an overview of the results will be disclosed. At the same time, when necessary, efforts will be made to improve the running etc. of Board of Directors meetings.
Training Policy for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
For Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, when assuming their positions, training is carried out with the aim of thoroughly understanding their roles and responsibilities and securing necessary or useful knowledge for them to properly fulfill their duties. Also incumbent Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members can, at the Company’s expense, attend training courses held inside and outside the Company.
Furthermore, Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, to familiarize them with the Company’s business, are given opportunities, including attending important meetings such as meetings of the Corporate Strategy Committee, holding meetings with the person in charge of business divisions, and visiting operation sites as necessary.
99 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Function, Role, Independence, and Appointment of Outside Directors and
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members Canon Inc. established the “Independence Standards for Independent Directors/Audit and Supervisory Board Members,” resolved by the Board of Directors with the consent of all Audit and Supervisory Board Members, in order to clarify the standards for ensuring independence of Independent Directors /Audit and Supervisory Board Members of Canon Inc., taking into consideration Japan’s Corporate Governance Code (Principle 4.9) and the independence criteria set by securities exchanges in Japan. The standards are
posted on Canon’s website. All of Canon’s Outside Directors and two of the three Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members satisfy the standards for independence, and assume roles that contribute to the maintenance and improvement of Board of Directors’ transparency and accountability.
In addition, they are registered as Independent Directors/ Audit & Supervisory Board Members with the stock exchanges of Tokyo, Nagoya, Fukuoka and Sapporo in accordance with the requirements of the relevant stock exchange.
Reference: Independence Standards for Independent Directors/Audit and Supervisory Board Members https://global.canon/en/ir/strategies/governance.html
Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Outside Directors
Name
Reasons for Appointing
 Kunitaro Saida
  Haruhiko Kato
   Yutaka Tanaka
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  Koichi Kashimoto
      Hiroshi Yoshida
Kunitaro Saida was elected as an Outside Director so that Canon Inc.’s management may utilize his high-level expertise and wealth of experience gained from his distinguished career as Superintending Prosecutor of High Public Prosecutors Offices (in Takamatsu, Hiroshima and Osaka) and later as an attorney in corporate legal affairs, as well as serving as an Outside Director and an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member for other companies.
Haruhiko Kato has, over many years, had a distinguished career in fiscal operations of the national government as Director-General of the Tax Bureau in the Ministry of Finance, and Commissioner of National Tax Agency. He was elected as an Outside Director so that Canon’s management may utilize his high-level expertise and wealth of experience gained from his managerial experience as President of Japan Securities Depository Center, Incorporated.
Yutaka Tanaka had for many years served as a judge in charge of civil cases, and subsequently has been engaging in corporate legal affairs as an attorney and as a law school professor. Canon Inc. elected him as a candidate for Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member as it desires to leverage his considerable experience and high level of expert knowledge about legal affairs to further enhance Canon Inc.’s auditing system.
Hiroshi Yoshida has been engaged for many years in corporate accounting as a certified public accountant. Canon Inc. elected him as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member as it desires to leverage his considerable experience and high level of expert knowledge about corporate accounting to further enhance Canon Inc.’s auditing system.
Koichi Kashimoto has, over many years, been involved in business management of a major life insurance company, has served as a supervisor of general affairs including legal affairs, and furthermore has extensive international experience. Canon Inc. elected him as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member given expectations that he will utilize such knowledge and experience in performing audits encompassing the entire Group, including its overseas operations.
  Cooperation between Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Internal Auditing
The Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the Audit & Supervisory Board receive from the Corporate Audit Center outlines of their internal audit plan before conducting each audit as well as reports about important auditing items. After the internal audit is conducted, the Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the Audit & Supervisory Board hear reports on all audit results and evaluations. Furthermore, close cooperation between the Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Internal Auditing is worked for through, for example, monthly meetings between full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the head of the Corporate Audit Center where information and opinions are exchanged.
Cooperation between Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Accounting Auditors
The Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the Audit & Supervisory Board, before the start of an audit, receive from the accounting auditors an outline of their audit plan and report about important auditing items on which the Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the Audit & Supervisory Board provide confirmation with respect to validity.
The Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the Audit & Supervisory Board receive reports on the results of the internal control system audit, the accounting audits, and the quarterly reviews from the Accounting Auditors and also conduct timely exchanges of opinion with the accounting auditors on such subjects as the results of audits and reviews, the accounting auditors’ understanding of the company’s internal control systems, including how they are being implemented and maintained, and risk evaluations. Furthermore, in addition to observing the Accounting Auditors’ fieldwork and its wrap-up meeting as necessary, the Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the Audit & Supervisory Board work to grasp the situation of audits, holding meetings with Accounting Auditors in charge of auditing group companies in and outside Japan.
The Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the Audit & Supervisory Board also confirm the validity of the quality management systems of audits, receiving detailed explanations about this from Accounting Auditors. As for external audits, with the aim of monitoring the independence of accounting firms, Canon introduced an Audit & Supervisory Board pre-approval system, targeting details of the auditing contact and amount of remuneration.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 100

Executive Compensation
The remuneration of Representative Directors and Executive Directors consists of a basic remuneration, which is a fixed amount, paid each month, as a compensation for execution of duties required in accordance with their position and the degree to which they contribute in their role; a bonus that is linked to the Company’s business performance in each business year; and, a stock-type compensation stock option plan to provide an incentive to improve medium- to long-term performance and raise corporate value.
As for Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, remuneration is limited to the basic remuneration, which is a fixed amount, paid each month.
The Company established the “Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee,” a non-statutory committee, which consists of the CEO, two Independent Outside Directors, and one Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member. The Committee, after examining the rationale of the remuneration system, including calculation standards of the basic remuneration
and the bonus, and the granting standards of stock-type compensation stock option plan, gives reports to the Board of Directors to the effect that the system is reasonable.
The basic remuneration and bonus amount for each Director and Executive Officer is determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with calculation standards examined by the “Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee.”
The total amount of basic remuneration and stock-type compensation stock option plan for Directors is within the limit of the remuneration amount that is resolved by the general meeting of shareholders. As for the bonus for Directors, the payment is fixed provided that the proposal about such payment submitted at the ordinary general meeting of shareholders is approved.
Remuneration for individual Audit & Supervisory Board Members is determined through discussion among the Audit & Supervisory Board Members within the limit of the remuneration amount approved by the general meeting of shareholders.
2019 Executive Compensation by Executive Category, Type of Compensation, and Number of Executives
5 716 54 115 885 2 48 – – 48
3 47 – – 47
4 58 – – 58
* The above number of Directors (excl. Outside Directors) includes one Director who retired at the conclusion of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders for the 118th Business Term held on March 28, 2019.
* The above number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members (excl. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members) includes one Audit & Supervisory Board Member who retired at the conclusion of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders for the 118th Business Term held on March 28, 2019.
* The above number of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members includes one Audit & Supervisory Board Member who retired at the conclusion of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders for the 118th Business Term held on March 28, 2019.
* “Bonus” represents the accrued directors’ bonuses.
* The figure for stock-type compensation stock option indicates expenses recorded in the relevant fiscal year.
 Category of Position
Directors (excl. Outside Directors)
Number of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Remuneration and Other Amounts by Classification (millions of yen)
Remuneration and Other Amounts (millions of yen)
   Basic Remuneration
Bonus
Stock-Type Compensation Stock Option
 Outside Directors
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members (excl. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
    Policy for Constructive Dialogue
with Shareholders
Policy
For sustainable growth and to help improve corporate value over a medium- to long-term perspective, Canon Inc. has constructive dialogue with shareholders through an ordinary general meeting of shareholders, corporate strategy conferences, financial results conferences, and interviews with major institutional investors.
Structure to Promote Dialogue
Finance & accounting (Investor Relations (IR)), legal affairs, corporate communications are responsible for working together and promoting dialogue. The Executive Vice President & CFO oversees the entire structure to promote dialogue.
For analysts and institutional investors, the CEO hosts a corporate strategy conference at the beginning of the year. Other than this, the CFO hosts quarterly financial results conferences. For individual investors, conferences are held
when appropriate and on Canon’s website, specific pages containing information about corporate strategy, financial results, and financial data etc. have been set up using descriptions that are easy to understand.
Additionally, Canon Inc. works for dialogue with domestic and overseas analysts and institutional investors, arranging interview opportunities appropriately. For detail, see “An Overview of Corporate Governance at Canon Inc.”
As for the opinions or demands that are obtained through dialogue with shareholders, accordingly, the department in charge reports to the CFO and the CFO will report important ones to the CEO or the Board of Directors.
Reference: Investor Relations https://global.canon/en/ir/
Controlling Insider Information
Canon Inc. has set the “Rules on Prevention of Insider Trading,” which makes thorough control of undisclosed material information and provides the procedure of information disclosure.
101 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Risk Management
Canon’s Approach
Canon Inc. recognizes that to ensure the proper operation of the Canon Group and to continually improve corporate value, implementation and maintenance of a risk management system to deal with serious risks that the Group may face in business operations is vital.
Risk Management System
Canon Inc. has established a risk management committee based on a resolution of the Board of Directors. Chaired by the executive vice president, the committee has established three subcommittees: the Financial Risk Management Subcommittee, Compliance Subcommittee, and Business Risk Management Subcommittee.
The Risk Management Committee develops various measures to promote the Group’s risk management activities, including identifying any significant risks
(violations of laws and regulations, inappropriate financial reporting, quality issues or information leaks, etc.) that the Group may face in the course of business.
The Committee also creates an annual basic policy for risk management activities and, after obtaining the approval of the Board of Directors, carries out risk management activities within Canon Inc. divisions and Group companies. The Committee evaluates the improvement and implementation of the risk management system for each division and Group company, and reports the results of such evaluations to the CEO and Board of Directors. Results of evaluations conducted in 2019 showed no material flaws in the system.
In line with the basic policy prepared by the Committee and in their capacity as risk management promotion officer, the heads of Canon Inc. divisions and presidents of Group companies each formulate an annual risk management plan for their own division or Group company, and assume responsibility for
Processes for Implementation and Maintenance of Risk Management System
PDCA
  Risk Management Committee and Board of Directors
● Identify significant risks ● Formulate basic policy
Divisions and Group companies
● Formulate annual risk management plan
Divisions and Group companies
● Establish appropriate rules and workflows ● Carry out employee education
● Conduct audits and checks
Divisions and Group companies
● Evaluate implementation and maintenance
Risk Management Committee, CEO and Board of Directors
● Confirm evaluation of implementation and maintenance
Risk Management Committee and Board of Directors
● Discuss Group’s basic policy for the next fiscal year
    Risk Management Promotion System
 Board of Directors CEO
    Canon Inc.
Chief Executive/
Group Executive
(Risk management promotion officer)
Canon Group companies
 Collaboration
Presidents
(Risk management promotion officer)
    Risk Management Committee
Responsible administrative divisions
   Risk management promoters
Risk management promoters
 Financial Risk Management Subcommittee (Finance & Accounting Headquarters)
  Collaboration
Collaboration
Reliability of Accounting divisions Working-level divisions Working-level divisions financial reporting in charge in charge
 Antitrust laws Legal divisions
Working-level divisions Working-level divisions in charge in charge
 Anti-bribery laws Legal divisions
Working-level divisions Working-level divisions in charge in charge
 Compliance Subcommittee (Global Legal Administration Center)
 Labor laws
Human resources Working-level divisions Working-level divisions divisions in charge in charge
Environmental laws Global environment Working-level divisions Working-level divisions and regulations divisions in charge in charge
   Security trade control Trade control divisions
Working-level divisions Working-level divisions in charge in charge
  Product quality
Product quality Working-level divisions Working-level divisions assurance divisions in charge in charge
 Business Risk Management Subcommittee (Corporate Planning Development Headquarters)
 Information security
Information systems Working-level divisions Working-level divisions divisions in charge in charge
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 102

promoting related risk management activities. Risk management promoters appointed within each division and Group company assist risk management promotion officers in coordinating risk management practices.
Additionally, Canon Inc. administrative divisions responsible for various risks associated with business activities, including the Legal Division, Human Resources Division, Security Trade Control Division, and Quality Assurance Division, control and support the risk management activities of each division and Group company.
Group-wide Risk Management Communication
During training for newly appointed Group executives conducted by the Human Resources Division at Canon Inc., participants are educated on the importance of autonomously implementing and maintaining a risk management system at each company, and the role of executives in implementing and maintaining such a system.
Furthermore, at Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan, we distribute the Canon Group Risk Management Handbook to directors and executives. The handbook explains the significance of risk management, the Group’s risk management system, our approach to implementing risk management and the role of management. When the Human Resources Division conducts training for newly appointed general managers and managers, it uses the handbook to educate them on the importance of risk management and the role of management in constructing the risk management system.
In addition, an intranet website provides employees of Canon Inc. and Group companies with timely information, including the Group’s approach regarding risk management and updates on activities.
Financial Risk Management
The Financial Risk Management Subcommittee carries out activities to strengthen internal controls pertaining to financial risks for the entire Canon Group, including compliance with Japan’s Companies Act and Financial Instruments and Exchange Act as well as the United States’ Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
We endeavor to make qualitative improvements in ensuring the reliability of the Group’s financial reporting. We support independent initiatives and self-driven educational activities at Group companies as they implement the PDCA cycle (review business procedures for financial risk).
As a result of these initiatives, Canon’s accounting auditor determined that the company’s internal controls related to financial reporting were effective in fiscal 2019.
Promoting Compliance
The Compliance Subcommittee works to promote corporate ethics across the Group in accordance with the Canon Group Code of Conduct, and to improve the Group’s legal risk management system. As a result of these initiatives, Canon had another year free from material fines or other sanctions in 2019.
 Sections of the Canon Group Code of Conduct (Extract)
Management Stance
1. Contribution to Society
•Provisionofexcellentproducts •Protectionofconsumers • Preservation of the environment •Socialandculturalcontributions •Communication
2. Fair Business Activities
• Practice of fair competition
• Observance of corporate ethics •Appropriate disclosure of information
Code of Conduct for Executives and Employees
1. Compliance with Corporate Ethics and Laws
• Fairness and sincerity
• Legal compliance in performance of duties
•Appropriate interpretation of applicable laws, regulations and company
rules
2. Management of Corporate Assets and Property
• Strict management of assets and property
• Prohibition against improper use of company assets and property • Protection of the company’s intellectual property rights
3. Management of Information
• Management in compliance with rules
• Prohibition against personal use of confidential and proprietary information
• Prohibition against insider trading
• Prohibition against the unlawful acquisition of confidential or proprietary
information pertaining to other companies
•Appropriate use of confidential and proprietary information pertaining to
other companies
4. Conflicts of Interests / Separation of Personal and Company Matters
•Avoidance of conflicts of interests
• Prohibition against seeking, accepting or offering improper gifts,
entertainment, or other benefits
• Prohibition against acquisition of pre-IPO shares
5. Maintenance and Improvement of Working Environment
• Respect for the individual and prohibition against discrimination
• Prohibition against sexual harassment
• Prohibition against bringing weapons or drugs to the company workplace
103 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Promoting Corporate Ethics
■ Canon Group Code of Conduct and Compliance Card Canon established the Canon Code of Conduct in 1992, and later updated it as the Canon Group Code of Conduct in 2001. It clarifies the Group’s management stance and standards that Group executives and employees must comply with in their duties. In addition to Japanese, the Code of Conduct has been translated into more than 20 languages, including English, French and Chinese, and adopted by a resolution of the Board of Directors of each Group company, which also strives to ensure that it is known and practiced by all.

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
In addition, a portable Compliance Card has been created in Japanese and more than 20 other languages, including English, French and Chinese, and given out to Group executives and employees worldwide. Written on one side of the card is the San-ji (Three Selfs) Spirit, which has been the guiding principle of the company since its founding, and on the other side is a compliance test that enables employees to conduct a daily self-evaluation.
These biannual reports from each company include not only the number of cases filed, but also a summary of each case, the results of investigation and response, and measures to prevent recurrences. Each Group company takes the necessary corrective measures and recurrence prevention measures based on the investigation results.
Legal Risk Management System
At Canon, we have identified significant legal risks that the Group may face in the course of business operations (for example, violations of antitrust laws, anti-bribery laws and export control regulations) by considering the likelihood and impacts on Canon’s business. To minimize these risks, we are working to improve the system to ensure legal compliance by improving operational workflows and rules, providing compliance training to applicable employees, and conducting audits and checks.
■ Strict Compliance with Export Control Regulations Canon Inc. implements a security trade control framework headed by the president. The framework ensures that we comply with regulations on the export of goods and technologies that could be diverted for use in weapons of mass destruction or conventional weaponry. Specifically, we strictly check such issues as whether export goods and technologies are controlled by regulations, or whether counterparties are engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction. Furthermore, in the field of security trade controls, we have also established and implemented the Canon Security Trade Control Guidelines to provide a unified control policy and standard for the Group. At the same time, we hold regular briefings, training sessions and e-learning courses for persons responsible for security trade controls at Canon Inc. and Group companies worldwide.
Security trade controls are insufficient if undertaken by a single country. It is important to have international cooperation based on UN and international export control regime agreements. Recently, there has been a growing movement of using trade control regulations to restrict the transactions of particular countries or corporations. Canon has also seen an increase in business transactions that require careful attention as it acquires various new businesses. We will pay close attention to the latest trends in trade controls in our activities.
■ Compliance with Antitrust Laws
Canon recognizes that compliance with antitrust laws, which apply to all of its business activities, from product development to production, sales and after- sales service, is absolutely vital.
    Compliance Card
■ Corporate Ethics and Compliance Training
Canon carries out corporate ethics and compliance training for employees suited to the circumstances and conditions of the region where they operate.
For example, Canon Inc. conducts relevant training as part of rank-based training for newly appointed general managers and managers as well as new employees.
Additionally, Canon Inc. and its subsidiaries in Japan have since 2004 designated a Compliance Week twice a year—once in the first half of the year and the other in the second half—in order to foster discussions in the workplace about compliance issues. Through these efforts, we strive to develop and improve operational processes to ensure that employees are aware of compliance and abide by the law.
■ Compliance Hotline System
Canon Inc. has established a Compliance Hotline system to receive information related to compliance issues. The confidentiality of reporters is strictly maintained, and they are guaranteed not to suffer any unfair treatment for using the system. We continually work to encourage appropriate use of the system by expounding the purpose of the system through such means as the intranet compliance website and compliance training, etc.
The system also has been established at nearly all Group companies worldwide. Canon Inc. receives biannual reports from Group companies on the operational status of their respective Compliance Hotline systems. Over the past few years, the total number of cases filed using the system at Group companies overall has been around 300-400 per year.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 104

Business divisions of Canon Inc. and Group companies worldwide with sales and service functions conduct regular training for employees of divisions exposed to the risk of antitrust violations to educate them about antitrust laws, give examples of legal violations, and provide everyday operational compliance guidance. Employees are encouraged to make use of Canon’s antitrust law hotline (connected to the Legal Division) when unsure of how to interpret or apply antitrust laws.
■ Prevention of Bribery
The Canon Group Code of Conduct (→P103) clearly stipulates that Group executives and employees are prohibited from receiving benefits from business partners and corporate customers in the form of gifts or entertainment, etc., that exceed the social norm, or provide similar benefits to government agencies, business partners and corporate customers. In addition, the Canon Group CSR Basic Statement (→P111) includes “9. Prevent corruption in all its forms including bribery,” making clear to all stakeholders Canon’s management stance.
Under the above policy, Canon’s Risk Management Committee has identified the risk of violations of anti-bribery laws as a significant risk. The Committee has established a bribery prevention system in accordance with the risk for each Group company calculated based on the countries and regions where it does business and its business activities. In doing so, we have followed laws and guidelines on bribery prevention in major countries, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. Specifically, a responsible division has been established at each Group company, and our management stance on bribery prevention has been clarified along with points to be observed through the formulation of a basic policy on bribery prevention and company rules. Moreover, we conduct due diligence on business partners and include anti-bribery clauses in our contracts with them. We also conduct annual training for employees engaged in high-risk duties to deepen their understanding of anti-bribery laws in major countries and Canon’s Code of Conduct.
In addition, in response to the above-mentioned Basic Statement, we have issued to suppliers the Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines (→P114), which requires Canon suppliers to prevent corruption in all its forms, including bribery. Moreover, in our annual surveys (→P115) conducted to suppliers as part of our supply chain management, we check whether measures are in place to prevent the acceptance of bribes or inappropriate benefits.
■ Protecting Personal Information
Canon strives to ensure proper handling of personal information (including personally identifiable information, or PII).
At Canon Inc., we have created rules to safeguard personal information, including a Personal Information Protection Policy and Personal Information Protection Rules, and conduct training and audits regularly as part of our system to prevent leaks of information.
Starting in 2015, we expanded the scope of these activities to include all Group companies, creating a centralized management system covering the entire Group. As a result, in 2019 the Group had another year free of serious incidents involving the loss or leakage of personal information, and did not receive any privacy infringement complaints from customers.
Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan have also implemented measures to deal with Japan’s Social Security and Tax Number System (referred to as the “My Number” system), introduced in 2016, in an appropriate manner. All Group companies in Japan formulated My Number Handling Rules, My Number Regulations, and a detailed handling procedure manual. In particular, our measures regarding physical and technological security are more stringent than those mandated by law, and we continue to collaborate with the IT Division on this matter. Moreover, in regard to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), implemented in May 2018, Canon Inc. entrenched the systems and compliance rules that it established in 2018.
Promoting Business Risk Management
The Business Risk Management Subcommittee is responsible for identifying serious operational risks in terms of their potential impact and managing them.
Action policies and plans for each identified serious risk are decided in cooperation with the responsible divisions across the Group, and system implementation and risk mitigation activities are promoted through each Canon Inc. business division and the responsible division at each Group company.
Ensuring Complete Information Security
Recognizing that information security is a vital management task, Canon has established an appropriate management system for the entire Group, in accordance with the fundamental principles of information security regulations. The steps that we take under this system include measures to prevent leaks of confidential information, handle external cyber-attacks, bolster information security at production facilities, and provide information security training to raise employee awareness.
105 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Moreover, Canon has maintained ISO27001 certification for its information security management systems since 2005.
■ Information Security Management System Operations The Group Executive in charge of the Information & Communication Systems Headquarters is the senior executive in charge of information security at Canon Inc. and has decision-making responsibility for information security measures. The executive oversees the Information & Communication Systems Headquarters, which is the organization responsible for managing information security across the Canon Group.
If an information security incident occurs, the matter must be reported to the Information & Communication Systems Headquarters. It may also be reported to the Risk Management Committee (→P102), depending on circumstances.
The Information & Communication Systems Headquarters formulated the Canon Group Information Security Rules to ensure that uniform measures and a consistent approach to information security are applied across the Group globally. Each Group company creates regulations and guidelines based on these rules in line with its needs, and conducts related training and awareness activities. Periodic inspections are also carried out to assess the status of each Group company’s information security measures and enable improvements or revisions as needed.
In 2019, information security checks were again carried out at 24 Group companies in Japan and 24 Group companies overseas.
CSIRT*, a dedicated team for dealing with information security incidents, was created within Canon Inc.’s Information & Communication Systems Headquarters in 2015. At that time, Canon joined the Nippon CSIRT Association (NCA) to strengthen collaboration with CSIRTs in other companies.
* CSIRT: Computer Security Incident Response Team. This is a dedicated, organized group that deals with incidents involving computer security.
■ Information System Security Measures
Canon implements measures to safeguard the three elements of information security: confidentiality, integrity, and availability*1.
As part of measures to prevent the leakage of confidential data, we ensure that critical information is stored using a dedicated, access-controlled system with reinforced security and auto-recorded user activity. In addition, we have established an environment in which employees can safely access the company’s information assets while away on a business trip, and we have also placed restrictions on email attachments and taking company computers and storage media offsite.
As a measure against cyber-attacks, we use monitoring systems to identify any suspicious emails with possible malware*2 attachments. We also monitor unauthorized online communications from internal sources to try and prevent attacks from causing more widespread damage.
In addition, we have strengthened countermeasures in anticipation of cyber-attacks on our global sites in conjunction with the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020. We have also participated each year since 2017 in cyber-attack response training (NISC*3/NCA affiliated cross-field companywide training), in order to strengthen our system for countering obstructions.
*1 Confidentiality: Enable only authorized personnel to access information.
Integrity: Ensure data and processing methods are accurate and cannot be modified without authorization.
Availability: Make data accessible to authorized personnel when needed.
*2 Malware: malicious software (including computer viruses and ransomware) created with the deliberate intention of performing unauthorized or harmful operations.
*3 NISC: National center of Incident readiness and Strategy for Cybersecurity
■ Security Measures for Production Facilities
Canon implements security measures for its production facilities to ensure malware, cyber-attacks or other information security issues do not reduce productive capacity or otherwise disrupt production plans.
In the past, corporate mainframes or online information systems were the major targets for cyber- attacks. Today, the growing use of off-the-shelf OS software and IoT means that production facilities attract the same level of information security risk. A separate approach is needed for production systems because production lead-times are longer than the customer support periods for off-the-shelf OS software. To ensure that Canon Inc. and Group production companies worldwide do not have to suspend operations due to a virus infection or similar attack, we also monitor the networks linked to important facilities and production lines for any unauthorized activity.
We also conduct security audits of production facilities to maintain a safe production environment.
■ Information Security Training to Raise Employee Awareness
In order to maintain and improve information security, Canon is focusing on raising awareness among employees who use information systems.
Both regular and mid-career hires are thoroughly trained on Canon’s information security measures and rules through group training. In addition, all employees undergo annual information security training using our e-learning system.
In 2019, roughly 25,000 employees—equivalent to Canon Inc.’s total workforce—received information
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 106

security training. This included training to develop information security literacy*, including how to deal with suspicious emails, measures to prevent email misdirection, and other IT protocols. In addition, special training sessions based on a targeted email attack were conducted involving roughly 78,000 Canon Inc. and Group company employees to provide practical instruction in responding appropriately to suspicious emails so widespread damage is avoided.
* Information security literacy: knowledge and skills needed to implement proper information security measures.
Post-Disaster Business Continuity Plan
■ Responding to the Risk of Damage to Infrastructure Canon believes that establishing a system to ensure that business operations can continue after a natural disaster or emergency represents one of the most important social responsibilities of any company. Based on this recognition, we have formulated a business continuity plan (BCP)*1 and Canon Group Disaster Preparedness Guidelines, and are working hard on advancing business continuity measures for disasters, including upgrading buildings constructed according to old aseismic design standards, concluding disaster agreements with local communities, and developing systems for collecting information and reporting.
Due to the critical importance of our Shimomaruko headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, as the home base for all Group operations, we have rebuilt all on-site buildings, established a crisis control center, installed backup generators, stockpiled fuel, equipment, and supplies, and established a multiplex communication system. Moreover, we set up a Disaster Recovery Center*2 to back up information systems to ensure that the core IT system will operate securely in the event of a disaster.
We have updated all Group company facilities in Japan, setting up emergency communications equipment and support structures, and inculcated a sense of readiness in our employees through practical disaster-preparedness training. We also have systems that use data from Canon surveillance cameras installed at each Group site so that any damage caused by natural disasters or other emergencies can be evaluated swiftly. Furthermore, we have prepared a leader’s manual in order to safeguard human life immediately following a natural disaster or fire, prevent secondary disasters, and protect company assets. Using this manual as a model, Group companies are also creating localized manuals based on the unique risks in the areas where they operate to facilitate the smooth restoration of services in the event of a disaster. Last year, 40 operational sites conducted emergency drills based on these manuals.
*1 Business Continuity Plan (BCP): an action plan that includes measures to provide for the continuation of a minimal level of business in the event of disaster, accident, or other such event, and to restore operations promptly.
*2 Disaster Recovery Center: a facility prepared for data backup in the event of a system breakdown due to a disaster.
Proper Payment of Taxes
Canon believes that, as a multinational corporation with operations spanning the globe, the proper payment of taxes in the countries and regions where it operates is one of its most fundamental and important social responsibilities. Accordingly, Canon abides by the following principles on tax matters. In 2019, Canon did not receive any negative tax-related judgments or assessments, nor was it subject to any major punitive measures, such as fines.
1. Pay taxes properly in accordance with tax-related laws and ordinances.
2. Ensure that tax accounting and other related processes are carried out unfailingly, according to law.
3. Develop tax-related governance systems and work to raise awareness about tax compliance.
4. Adhere to common international rules on international taxation (guidelines set by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and the United Nations), and ensure that actions are in compliance with the tax laws of each country.
Corporate Income Taxes
1,161 827 33.4 33.8
980 962 562 27.7 26.5 28.7
  Taxes on income before income taxes (hundred million yen)
2015
2016
2017
2018
 Effective tax rate on income before income taxes (%)
  Measures to Prevent Infection with Novel Coronavirus
We have established a team to take countermeasures against infection with the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) that was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO) in March 2020. To ensure the safety of all Group employees, we are calling on everyone to take thorough measures to prevent infection, as well as cancelling large events in and outside the company, staggering working hours, and implementing remote working in an effort to prevent the spread of infection. We are also working to shut the virus down as quickly as possible by developing a genetic testing system
for novel coronavirus and providing x-ray and CT diagnostic equipments.
107 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
2019

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Intellectual Property Management
Canon’s Policy on Intellectual Property
Since its establishment, Canon has actively engaged in technology research and development, achieving solid growth as an R&D-oriented company in creating markets and customer segments by developing products with proprietary technologies.
This history underpins our belief that the achievements of R&D activities are products and intellectual property (IP). At Canon, the purpose of IP activities is clearly defined as being to support business development. We aim to make a practical contribution to realizing technologies of benefit to society through the creation and utilization of IP assets. These include basic patents required for core next-generation technologies; the standard-essential patents for technologies vital to an IoT society; and patents related to technologies addressing innovative societal needs in areas such as AI, fintech, security, healthcare, and environmental conservation.
Respecting Intellectual Property Rights
Canon takes a strict, consistent approach against counterfeit goods and intellectual property infringements. At the same time, we respect the intellectual property rights of other companies. We have established clear rules to ensure that our products do not infringe on rights held by others.
More specifically, we conduct thorough searches of third-party patents to prevent use of intellectual property held by others without permission. Such thorough searches of third-party rights are carried out at all stages, from R&D onward, based on cooperation between the R&D division involved in the technology and the department responsible for intellectual property rights.
Moreover, by conducting thorough searches of third-party patents, Canon smoothly and appropriately creates partnerships with other companies and external research institutions for cross-licensing or joint research projects. This allows Canon to achieve better results than would be possible using only in-house patents or technologies.
Canon Group Intellectual Property Management System
To carry out Canon’s business activities consistent with its intellectual property strategy, intellectual property rights management has been centralized under the direction of the Corporate Intellectual Property and Legal Headquarters at Canon Inc. We manage the Group’s intellectual property rights from the standpoint of optimizing the overall intellectual property portfolio.
For example, when concluding a patent licensing agreement with another company (a third party), the Corporate Intellectual Property and Legal Headquarters approves the agreement only after making adjustments reflecting advantages for the entire Group. This step ensures that the Group maintains an appropriate intellectual property portfolio. We review our portfolio regularly to ensure that only necessary rights are being reserved.
Liaising with IP divisions across the Canon Group, the Corporate Intellectual Property and Legal Headquarters at Canon Inc. also collects the latest information on national IP systems as well as business intelligence on emerging markets with growth potential. It is then used to manage IP activities in line with market and technical trends.
In addition, in liaison with other central departments, the Group Executive of the Corporate Intellectual Property and Legal Headquarters at Canon Inc. (a Managing Executive Officer role) makes decisions on IP usage from a management perspective.
Management to Strengthen Group Companies
Internal rules governing IP activities specify the respective roles and responsibilities of the Corporate Intellectual Property and Legal Headquarters at Canon Inc. and the Group company IP divisions in relation to the handling of IP and related processes for policy formulation.
We are also actively working to strengthen global IP activities across the Canon Group through the sharing of information between Canon Inc. and Group companies, and via assignments and exchanges of personnel.
 Basic Policy of Canon IP Activities
• IP activities are vital to support business operations • The fruits of R&D are products and IP
• Intellectual property rights of other companies
should be respected and handled appropriately.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 108

In-house Intellectual Property Education
The steady resolution of technical issues is an essential element in providing superior products and services. Understanding problem-solving approaches in detail—often the result of considerable effort—and the importance of finding solutions is valuable for researchers and developers as well as the world’s engineers. At Canon, we strive to obtain patents with greater practical utility by having R&D personnel write proposals for inventions to the level of detail required for a patent filing.
To maintain internal IP systems, new Canon Inc. employees receive training on the Basic Policy of Canon IP Activities, and technical staff are all given training on how to perceive invention and write proposals. In addition, managers promoted to oversee sections or departments undergo compulsory training based on IP trends, and we offer a range of optional IP-related training courses.
Applying for Patents around the Globe
Canon places importance on applying for patents on a global basis, and as of January 2020, held approximately 87,000 patents and utility models worldwide.
When filing patent applications outside Japan, our teams develop detailed patent-filing strategies based on regional business strategies, technologies and product trends to assess countries/regions where patents are required. We have focused on filing patent applications in the United States due to its large market scale and preponderance of high-tech companies. Canon has ranked in the top five for US patent registrations every year for the past 34 years. In 2019, we ranked third overall and were the patent leader among Japanese companies for the 15th consecutive year.
Top 10 Ranking for AI-related Patent Filings
Canon ranks in the Top 10 firms worldwide for AI- related patent filings, according to WIPO Technology Trends 2019: Artificial Intelligence, the first report into AI-related IP published by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).
Canon continues to develop products that use AI technology. One example is people-counting software that applies deep learning to video analysis to give instant estimates of crowds of up to 6,000 people, even in congested or complex situations. The application of AI to Canon technologies developed over many years is enabling us to push the envelope further.
Top Five Companies Acquiring U.S. Patents in 2019
  IBM
Samsung Electronics
Canon
Microsoft Technology Licensing LLC
Intel
9,261
6,492
3,555
3,088
3,022
     * Figures based on data released by IFI CLAIMS Patent Services, a U.S. research company specialized in patent information.
 WIPO GREEN Activities at Canon Inc.
Canon is involved in the WIPO GREEN initiative. WIPO GREEN is a global online platform that aims to support innovation by promoting the adoption of environmental technologies. Member companies register environmental protection technologies on the platform. People wanting to utilize such technologies are matched with the firms that supply them through the platform.
Canon Inc. has registered bioplastics-related technologies on the platform, including one for making highly impact- resistant plastics from plant-derived raw materials and one for retaining strength and flame resistance during plastics recycling. We plan to make more environmental protection technologies publicly available in the future so they can be utilized by those needing them.
Canon Inc. hopes to contribute to achieving the SDGs by tackling environmental issues in partnership with institutions and companies from around the world.
 109 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Rank
1
Company
Number of patents
 2
 3
 4
 5
 
 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Brand Management
Canon’s Approach to Brand Management
Canon implements brand management to ensure that customers and society are not adversely affected by improper handling of the Canon logo within the Group or its misuse by third parties.
Brand management activities across the Group are based on the concept that building the brand is a collective pursuit in which every Group company is involved in adding value to the brand.
Concept Behind Brand Management Activities
Group, we send notifications or publicize the changes on our company intranet, and brief the brand management divisions of each regional marketing headquarters.
Promoting Awareness of the Canon Brand
Canon carries out brand education programs at all Group companies in the regions where it operates to ensure that all employees fully understand the Canon brand and act with propriety and in accordance with pertinent rules. Such education raises the awareness that Each and every employee embodies the Canon brand.” For example, at Canon Inc., we incorporate brand education into the rank-based training curriculum and are also using the company’s intranet system to raise awareness.
In 2019, we made a sweeping review of the relevant guidelines of basic brand management rules among all employees. In addition, as part of an awareness campaign aimed at enhancing our branding capabilities, we conducted seven training sessions for all employees assigned outside Japan, with 168 participants.
Measures to Tackle Counterfeiting
Counterfeit products cannot be overlooked by any means as they not only damage the brand but may also lead to economic losses arising from malfunctions and inferior quality, and in the worst case, cause injury to or endanger the lives of customers who purchased a product trusting the Canon brand.
We are actively carrying out anti-counterfeit measures. We crack down on factories that manufacture counterfeits and retail locations that sell them, while working with customs authorities to stop their importation. We have strengthened cooperation with customs authorities on various initiatives worldwide, including dispatching employees to serve as lecturers for verification seminars for customs officers and for anti-counterfeit training programs hosted by customs authorities. In 2019, we conducted a total of around 80 training events for the benefit of customs officers and other officials in many countries worldwide. Moreover, following the great increase of counterfeit products sold online, we are also focusing heavily on creating an environment to prevent the circulation of counterfeit products on the Internet in collaboration with e-commerce sites. This includes reinforced efforts to monitor and remove counterfeits sold online.
 Collective creation
Building brand value together
     Japan
   Asia
Europe
  Oceania
Americas
 Support
 Canon Inc.
Brand Management System and Rules
Canon has set up the Brand Management Committee as a deliberative body for enhancing the value of the Canon brand. The Brand Management Division was established to serve as the secretariat for the Committee and is comprised of persons in charge of branding from each division. This framework allows us to respond promptly to various brand issues as they arise.
Information on brand-related issues across the Group is collected by divisions responsible for branding within the regional sales headquarters, which are responsible for overseeing local operations.
The Brand Management Committee provides advice and support regarding the appropriateness of trade names and product names from a brand perspective as well as use of trademark Canon. Canon has formulated a set of brand management rules to ensure that its employees use the Canon brand in compliance with regulations and enhance the value of the Canon brand through the trust of customers and society. Moreover, to disseminate this information across the entire
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 110

CSR Management
Basic Approach
The responsibilities placed on companies by society are wide-ranging. In line with the times, they are expanding from product quality and safety, and measures to address environmental issues, to compliance, information security, employee rights and labor management, and even to supply chain management. In business operations as well, the demand from customers and business partners to deal with companies that meet certain criteria in terms of consideration paid to the environment and society is increasing.
Against this backdrop, to provide stakeholders with an easy-to-understand explanation of the Group’s stance toward fundamental and universal elements of corporate social responsibility, the Chairman & CEO approved the drafting of the Canon Group CSR Basic Statement (below), which we disseminate widely both internally and externally.
We have additionally formulated the Canon Group
CSR Activity Policy to express the Group’s commitment to social contribution as a corporate citizen. We strive to utilize Canon’s strengths effectively at each Group company to conduct CSR activities based on the needs of the countries and regions where we operate.
As part of management operations, Canon also operates a system of Consolidated Performance Evaluation of individual product operations, production companies and sales companies, whereby the relevant organization’s performance in terms of the environment and social contribution is measured alongside its business performance. The evaluation results are announced twice a year at company-wide executive meetings and other occasions, promoting Group-wide raising of standards.
Details of our CSR activities are disclosed to stakeholders through this report, which is published annually.
Reference: Canon Group CSR Basic Statement https://global.canon/en/csr/policy/pdf/statement-e.pdf
 Canon Group CSR Basic Statement
In accordance with our corporate philosophy of kyosei—living and working together for the common good—Canon makes sincere efforts to engage with the social responsibilities that come with operating a business and to disclose any relevant information.
This basic statement reiterates our stance regarding the fundamental and universal corporate social responsibilities that the Company must fulfill in order to ensure Canon products and services can be used with peace of mind and maintain the reliability of the Canon Group.
1. Provide safe and secure products and services
2. Comply with the laws and regulations of each country and
region, and conduct fair and honest business activities
3. Practice fair and free competition, and ensure transparency
in business transactions
4. Contribute to realizing a society that promotes both
enriched lifestyles and the global environment
5. Minimize environmental burden through initiatives aimed at
conserving energy, conserving resources, eliminating
hazardous substances, and preserving biodiversity
6. Ensure thoroughness in managing information, prevent
information leaks, and protect personal information
7. Prevent infringements of the intellectual property rights of
others
8. Ensure thoroughness in security trade control
9. Prevent corruption in all its forms including bribery
10. Avoid complicity in armed insurgencies and anti-social forces
11. Disclose relevant and accurate corporate information
12. Respect fundamental human rights and prohibit discrimination based on such factors as race, nationality, gender, religion and creed
13. Promote diversity
14. Prohibit child labor and forced labor (including human
trafficking)
15. Promote sincere dialogue between employees and
management in accordance with the laws and regulations
of each region
16. Pay employees wages equal to or greater than legally
mandated wages
17. Prevent excessive overtime work and grant appropriate
holidays
18. Ensure occupational health and safety, and prevent
occupational injuries
19. Request that business partners take steps to address basic
social responsibility for such issues as the environment, human rights, labor and compliance within the supply chain, and confirm the implementation of said steps
Canon respects the following international initiatives and complies with them in line with the above basic statement: • Universal Declaration of Human Rights
• UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
• International Labor Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
• Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
End of document
111 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Canon Group CSR Activity — Contributing to the Realization of a Better Society
The Canon Group,
recognizing that its corporate activities are
supported by the development of society as a whole,
aims to achieve growth through sound and fair business activities while contributing to the realization of a better society as
a good corporate citizen.
Therefore, Canon will promote its CSR activities within the international and local communities, effectively leveraging the company’s advanced technological strengths,
global business deployment,
and diverse, specialized human resources.
Policy
as a Good Corporate Citizen—
Key Activities
Contribute to cultural improvement; support the arts, science, sports, etc.
Provide humanitarian support to people and regions facing harsh conditions due to disasters, etc.
Contribute to the promotion of both enriched lifestyles and the global environment Contribute to society through business activities
Contribute to the realization of a sound and fair society
   • •
• • •
CSR Promotion System
At Canon, the CSR Division coordinates CSR-related activities across the Group, working together with other relevant divisions to address any CSR-related issues that require inter-departmental cooperation, such as environmental, quality, procurement, human resource, facilities management, legal, IR or PR issues. In fields with high societal expectations, such as environmental protection, compliance, or quality management, our response is led by the division in charge of the relevant area.
The CSR Division reports on CSR-related matters to the director in charge of CSR as needed and receives relevant instructions.
CSR Promotion System
Educational and Awareness-Raising Activities
To instill CSR awareness across the entire Group, management executives from Canon’s headquarters and product operations divisions and Group companies in Japan and overseas are given briefings annually on CSR-related matters, including the basic approach, specific CSR initiatives, the UN-adopted SDGs, and ESG investment. For specialized topics, such as quality assurance, environmental protection, information management, or compliance, the respective division provides employee training as required. In addition, the CSR managers from Group companies around the world meet regularly to share information, while the company intranet and in-house magazine are used to share with employees information on Group CSR activities, action on the SDGs, and related topics as a way of promoting dynamic CSR initiatives across the Group.
Stakeholder Dialogue
Comments and requests received through the inquiries contact of Canon’s CSR activity website or from other sources are shared with relevant departments and provided with a prompt response. Meanwhile, by engaging in appropriate exchange of opinions with corporate evaluation agencies, investors, and CSR specialists, as well as a full range of NGOs and NPOs, we work to further develop our CSR activities.
In the preparation of this report, we hold interview sessions with investors, shareholders, and CSR specialists as a way of improving the quality of our information disclosure.
Reference: Inquiries about CSR Activities https://global.canon/en/contact/csr/csr-form-e.html
 Canon Inc.
   Canon Inc. Chairman President Director in charge of CSR (Executive Vice President)
    Each Headquarters/ Products Operations
 CSR Division
 CSR-related Divisions
 Environment, Quality, Procurement, Human Resources, Facilities Management, Legal, IR, PR, etc.
   Group companies outside Japan
      Group companies in Japan
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 112

Supply Chain Management
Fundamental Procurement Policies
Canon is enhancing its cooperative relationships with suppliers through implementation of the EQCD concept*1, which stipulates the timely delivery of high-quality products at reasonable prices to customers worldwide, while taking the environment into consideration.
Canon has formulated and widely published its Procurement Policy, and is endeavoring to build good relations with suppliers by deepening their understanding of Canon’s basic stance toward procurement.
In keeping with its corporate philosophy of kyosei, Canon carries out procurement activities that give due consideration to society while also continually taking steps to further evolve its ecofriendly green procurement*2 practices.
*1 EQCD concept: This is Canon’s basic product development policy. “E” stands for environment: Companies are not qualified to manufacture goods if they are incapable of environmental assurance. “Q” stands for quality: Companies are not qualified to market goods if they are incapable of providing quality products. “C” and “D” stand for cost and delivery: Companies are not qualified to compete if they are incapable of meeting cost and delivery requirements.
*2 Green procurement: Favoring the procurement of materials and products that have a lower environmental impact (→P43).
Fair and Transparent Dealings
Reinforcing Compliance in Procurement
Canon not only complies with laws and regulations on procurement globally, but also ensures complete fairness and transparency in dealings with its suppliers. Specifically, the Canon Group Procurement Code of Conduct for Executives and Employees in Charge of Procurement stipulates appropriate actions that persons in charge of procurement as well as executives and employees responsible for placing orders should keep closely in mind in order to maintain high standards when it comes to legal compliance and corporate ethics. Also, Canon’s business processes are uniform across its global network based on a common set of detailed rules on procurement practices in place for Group companies worldwide.
To ensure companywide consistency and uniformity, sections charged with internal control have been set up within procurement divisions to maintain the rules, monitor compliance, and provide training for employees.
Promoting Open Procurement to Companies Worldwide
In line with our Procurement Policy, which outlines our intent to open our doors equally to suppliers worldwide and conduct business in a fair and impartial manner, we promote open procurement and invite proposals from suppliers not already in our network.
Canon operates the Suppliers Proposal Site within its main company website with the purpose of collecting information, including products handled and manufacturing consignment information, from companies worldwide (excluding intellectual property such as designs, ideas and inventions). Products proposed on this site are now being used in Canon products.
We will continue to give careful consideration to all future proposals based on established rules.
 Procurement Policy
Following its corporate philosophy of kyosei, Canon aims, as a truly global company, to contribute to the prosperity and wellbeing of the world by developing, manufacturing and marketing useful products, raising profits, and achieving sound corporate growth and development.
The Procurement Division adopts a global perspective in purchasing quality, appropriately priced merchandise in a timely manner. This facilitates improvements in product quality and reductions in prices, and positions us to work with our suppliers to meet customer needs.
1. We comply with all applicable laws and regulations
as well as corporate ethics, and operate in a manner
that is protective of the environment.
2. We are open to any and all suppliers, and promote
fair and free competition in accordance with the
principles of faith and trust.
3. We improve manufacturing by mutual growth with
reliable, quality suppliers, which are selected through a fair evaluation process.
113 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines
Pursuant to the Canon Group Basic Procurement Policy and the Canon Group CSR Basic Statement, we set forth the Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines to promote global procurement activities that take social needs into full consideration. Accordingly, we ask our suppliers to conduct the below initiatives:
I. Consideration of human rights, labor, and health and safety of employees
(1) Respect fundamental human rights of employees and do not discriminate against them based on such factors as race, nationality, gender, religion, and creed
(2) Endeavor to utilize diverse human resources
(3) Do not engage in child labor or forced labor (including
human trafficking)
(4) Promote sincere dialogue between employees and
management in accordance with the laws and regulations of
the country/region of location
(5) Pay employees wages equal to or greater than legally
mandated wages in accordance with the laws and regulations
of the country/region of location
(6) Prevent excessive overtime work and grant appropriate holidays
(7) Ensure occupational health and safety at the workplace, and
prevent occupational injuries
II. Sound and fair business activities
(1) Comply with the laws, regulations and social norms of each country and region where business activities are conducted
(2) Do not perform acts that obstruct fair, transparent and free
competition
(3) Manage and protect confidential information and personal
information
(4) Endeavor to prevent infringements of the intellectual property
rights of others
(5) Ensure thoroughness in security trade control in accordance with the laws and regulations of the country/region of location
(6) Do not engage in corruption in all its forms including bribery (7) Endeavor to avoid complicity in armed insurgencies or anti-
social forces
(8) Endeavor to disclosure relevant and accurate corporate
information
III. Environmental preservation
(1) Comply with the Canon Green Procurement Standards (2) Endeavor to minimize environmental burden through
initiatives aimed at conserving energy, conserving resources, eliminating hazardous substances, and preserving biodiversity
IV. Guarantee of continuance of corporate and business activities
(1) Endeavor to preserve high level in quality, cost, delivery and technical aspects
(2) Provide safe and secure products, parts, materials, services, etc.
V. Request to your suppliers for their cooperation
(1) Request to your suppliers that they cooperate with initiatives for social responsibility, including those that concern human rights, labor, safety, legal compliance, the environment and product quality/safety
Socially Responsible Procurement
Our efforts to ensure socially responsible procurement are based on the Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines, which direct our interaction with suppliers to ensure that our procurement activities throughout the global supply chain take account of human rights, labor, health and safety, compliance, the environment and other relevant issues. Formulated with reference to the standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO) and the guidance of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), the guidelines require our suppliers to check that appropriate consideration is given to such issues as child labor, forced labor including human trafficking, discrimination, minimum wage standards, working hours, and employee communication. Canon also requires that its suppliers ask the same of their upstream suppliers (second-tier suppliers for Canon). Canon publishes the guidelines on its corporate website to make them widely available for the information of stakeholders and also makes them known to suppliers at the time of its annual survey.
We have set up a channel to receive feedback from suppliers. On our CSR website, suppliers can submit opinions and requests by sending a message on the page entitled “We welcome your comments on our CSR Activities.”
Reference: We welcome your comments on our CSR Activities https://global.canon/en/contact/csr/csr-form-e.html Reference: Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines https://global.canon/en/procurement/social.html
Supplier Evaluations and Ongoing Surveys Incorporating Environmental and Social Perspectives As part of its relations with suppliers, Canon undertakes a review, based on the Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines and other reference standards, of whether the supplier meets standards in such areas as corporate ethics (legal compliance, product safety, management of confidential information, human rights, labor, health and safety, intellectual property rights protection, etc.), environmental conservation, finance, and production structure (quality, cost, delivery, manufacturing capacity, and management).
With regard to the topics of human rights and labor, especially, survey items are set with reference to ILO standards and the guidance of the RBA. We confirm whether appropriate consideration is given to such issues as child labor, forced labor that includes trafficking of persons, discrimination, minimum wage, working hours, and employee communication.
In addition, in the environment field, we are pursuing green procurement of parts and materials
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 114

for products from suppliers on the condition that they fulfill the Canon Green Procurement Standards.
When considering new suppliers, only those who meet the above standards are added to the list of existing registered suppliers, from which procurement partners are selected.
We also conduct an annual survey of all companies registered on our supplier list. The survey results, along with performance as a supplier, form part of an overall evaluation of the business partner, which is recorded in the supplier list, allowing us to give preference to high-scoring suppliers. We also provide guidance and education to low-scoring suppliers to aid improvement.
Reference: How to become a supplier https://global.canon/en/procurement/procedure.html Reference: Green Procurement https://global.canon/en/procurement/green.html
Supplier Evaluation System
Cooperation with Suppliers
Canon holds business briefings for suppliers at each Canon Inc. operational site and each Group production site, asking for their understanding of procurement policies and cooperation with business plans. Additionally, to directly communicate Canon’s procurement policy to our major suppliers and report on related activities, each year since 2018, we have held an annual Procurement Policy Explanation Seminar, at which the Group Executive in charge of Procurement Headquarters explains company policy, including strengthening of links with suppliers.
Through such communication, we aim to share information with suppliers, strengthen collaboration, and grow together.
Addressing the Issue of Conflict Minerals
Certain minerals—notably tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten—that originate in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries in Africa are used in many industrial products through global supply chains. Trade in some of these minerals is alleged to be funding armed groups in the DRC and adjoining countries who are instigating grave abuses of human rights, environmental destruction, and illegal mining. They are termed “conflict minerals.”
In response, the United States enacted legislation requiring listed companies to confirm that conflict minerals that could fund these armed groups are not being used in their supply chains, and to provide related public disclosures. The legislation went into effect in January 2013.
Seeking to ensure that customers can use its products with peace of mind, Canon is working together with business partners and industry groups with the aim of avoiding the use of conflict minerals that could fund armed groups. As a listed company, Canon is required to submit a Conflict Minerals Report annually by the end of May with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) detailing the status of Canon Group activities to address the issue of conflict minerals.
Reference: Basic Approach of the Canon Group Regarding Conflict Minerals
https://global.canon/en/csr/conflict/policy.html
Reference: Conflict Minerals Report https://global.canon/en/ir/library/form_sd.html
Due Diligence
Canon investigates the countries of origin of conflict minerals and exercises due diligence, following the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas (OECD Guidance) published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
 New supplier (candidate)
 New supplier qualification check
 ● Corporate ethics
● Environmental conservation ● Conflict minerals
● Finance
● Production structure
(quality/cost/delivery/ manufacturing capacity/ management)
● DPL check (not a banned customer/company)
   Master Purchase Agreement
  Annual survey
 Evaluation
 ● Corporate ethics
● Environmental conservation ● Conflict minerals
● Finance
● Production structure
(quality/cost/delivery/ manufacturing capacity/ management)
● Business continuity management (BCM) in case of an emergency
● Technical ability
 Registered on supplier list
Existing supplier
Order, procurement of parts
Feedback
 Improvements
  115 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Pass: start business dealings

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Canon identifies any products that could contain any of four minerals and surveys its suppliers to trace the origin of the minerals back to its upstream supply chain regarding the parts and materials of the identified products. Then, Canon exercises due diligence to identify any risk of funding armed groups relating to conflict minerals. The surveys utilize the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT), an industry standard published by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI)*.
In 2019, Canon sent CMRT-based surveys to roughly 3,200 suppliers with a response rate of about 94%.
Within the scope of the responses, there was nothing to clearly suggest that the Group’s purchasing of parts and materials contributed to funding armed groups. However, recognizing the innate difficulties involved in identifying smelters being utilized and mineral country of origin, or lack of clarity in many responses due to its complicated supply chain, Canon is making efforts to improve the accuracy and efficiency of the surveys. Smelters identified in the survey are disclosed through a Conflict Minerals Report submitted to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) annually.
* Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI): An international program that plays a leading role in the response to conflict minerals.
Cooperation with Industry Groups
Since April 2015, Canon has supported the activities of the RMI, an international program focused on addressing the issue of conflict minerals.
In Japan, as a member of the Responsible Minerals Trade Working Group (RMTWG) of the Japan Electronics and Information Technology Industries Association (JEITA), Canon supports the activities of JEITA by conducting briefings for firms in the electronics industry supply chain and sending letters to smelters urging them to accept RMI audits. Canon is also a member of the Conflict Free Sourcing Working Group (CFSWG), which cooperates with JEITA and leading Japanese automakers.
Independent Assurance Report
Canon undergoes audits by independent private sector experts to gain independent assurance on whether the Group’s initiatives on conflict minerals sourcing conform to international standards in the form of the OECD Guidance. An independent assurance report is attached to the Conflict Minerals Report filed with the SEC.
Initiatives to Reduce Risk
To identify places of origin of conflict minerals and smelters using them, it is vital to have cooperation from suppliers. Canon held a briefing for its major first-tier suppliers in November 2019, and requested their understanding of Canon’s initiatives.
Furthermore, Canon established a page entitled “Procedure for the Submission of Concerns Regarding Conflict Mineral Risk” on its official website in 2015, following OECD Guidance to provide a grievance mechanism as an early-warning risk-awareness system for conflict minerals. Parties with specific concerns and/or information regarding circumstances of extraction, trade, handling and export of minerals (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten) in conflict-affected and high-risk areas as they pertain to Canon product supply chains (such as facts indicating that those minerals are the source of funds for armed groups in conflict-affected areas) can contact Canon through this page.
Reference: Procedure for the Submission of Concerns Regarding Conflict Mineral Risk https://global.canon/en/contact/conflict/conflict-form-e.html
Compliance with UK Modern Slavery Act
The Modern Slavery Act 2015 enacted in the United Kingdom in 2015 mandates that enterprises of a certain scale operating in UK publish annual statements detailing the risk of forced labor, human trafficking and child labor within their own operations and supply chain. Annual statements are published by Europe-based Canon Group companies that fall within the scope of the law, based on the information on human rights risk assessments conducted by Canon Group production sites and suppliers.
Annual statements are also published by Canon Medical Systems (CMSC) and Axis Communications in compliance with this legislation.
Reference: Canon Europe Ltd., Canon Europa N.V., and Canon (UK) Ltd. Modern Slavery Act Statement https://canon.ssl.cdn.sdlmedia.com/636976598529590876TU.pdf Reference: CMSC Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement https://global.medical.canon/about/corporate/Slavery_and_Human_ Trafficking_Statement
Reference: Axis Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement 2019 https://www.axis.com/files/manuals/gd_axis_modern_slavery_act_ en_2003_hi.pdf
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 116

 Canon’s Supply Chain and the Fulfillment of its Social Responsibility
In recent years, the environment, human rights and labor issues have been topics of increasing attention, giving rise to questions from various stakeholders about Canon’s social responsibility initiatives throughout its supply chain.
According to media reports, concerns about manufacturers with respect to social responsibility stem from large numbers of manufacturing companies in such industries as sports, apparel and electronic products outsourcing their sewing, assembly and manufacturing operations to outside factories. Furthermore, the social responsibility expected of manufacturers has expanded in scope to encompass large-, medium- and small-size suppliers that provide parts and materials to factories.
Canon places great importance on manufacturing, engaging in product assembly as well as the production of certain components, parts and materials at its own operational sites and plants and Group manufacturing companies that bear the Canon name and are owned by Canon Inc. directly or indirectly. Manufacturing companies in the Canon Group*1 are located in such countries and regions as Japan, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, Vietnam, the United States and Europe, and supply Canon products to Canon Inc. and companies including Group marketing subsidiaries and affiliates. These manufacturing companies directly employ considerable numbers of employees and are administrated by Canon Inc., which acts as the head of the Canon Group.
Group manufacturing companies conduct business while adhering to Group policies regarding such matters as human rights, labor, the environment, legal compliance, procurement and security, including the Canon Group CSR Basic Statement, the Canon Group Code of Conduct and the Canon Group Environmental Charter. When necessary, headquarters divisions, products operations, and audit divisions at Canon Inc. verify the situation at Group companies as a whole, be they in Japan or overseas, from the standpoints of internal controls and risk management.
Canon offices and plants as well as Group manufacturing companies have partnerships with thousands of suppliers unaffiliated with the Canon Group, from whom they purchase considerable numbers of components, such as electronic parts, mechanical parts, units and materials. Procurement divisions at Canon Inc. headquarters and Group manufacturing companies periodically review and evaluate the social responsibility of these suppliers. In particular, Canon may choose to terminate business with suppliers if they fail to abide by laws and ordinances covering such areas as human rights and labor. In 2018, Canon established the Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines*2 to clarify the social responsibility standards suppliers must adhere to. Canon also requires that these companies confirm the cooperation of their upstream suppliers.
Among aspects of social responsibility, child labor and forced labor in particular are areas of growing concern. Within the scope of our 2019 survey of Canon Group companies and suppliers, no problems were found with respect to child labor or forced labor. However, with a view to further CSR improvement, we have joined the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), which promotes social responsibility in the global supply chain.
*1 Manufacturing Subsidiaries and Affiliates in the Canon Group https://global.canon/en/corporate/information/group/gr01.html
*2 Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines https://global.canon/en/procurement/social.html
Canon’s Supply Chain
        Canon Inc. Offices / Plants
Canon Inc.
    Policies/rules of the Canon Group
Canon Group CSR Basic Statement, Canon Group Environmental Charter, Canon Group Code of Conduct, etc.
     Policies/rules for suppliers
Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines
Canon Green Procurement Standards, etc.
Suppliers Suppliers
Parts, materials, etc. Parts, units, materials, etc.
          Canon Group Manufacturing Subsidiaries / Affiliates
Canon Group Marketing Subsidiaries / Affiliates
* Blue rectangle indicates Canon Inc. operations.
117 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Data Summary
Protecting and Conserving the Environment Data on CO2
Total GHG Emissions by Scope
169,974 164,769
992,380 955,338
* Figures for 2018/2019 obtain third party verification.
Data on Energy
Energy Consumption by Region in 2019
4,490
174,342 160,520
962,229 930,471
151,504
889,982
(t-CO2)
(TJ)
  Scope 1
 Scope 2
  Japan
Electricity
Gas
Oil
Other (steam, wide area heating and air
conditioning)
 Americas
 Europe
 Asia and Oceania (except Japan)
 Total
  Paper
Metals
Type of Waste
2015
2016
Type of Recovery Treatment
2017
2018
1,314 254 34
2019
   Japan
392 155 6 0
 314
1,796
6,992
* Electricity includes the amount generated by renewable energy sources. * Figures obtain third party verification.
169 394 63
76 27 68
1,714 680 165
   Use of Renewable Energy by Region in 2019
416 6,227 69,709 192 76,544
Data on Waste
Recovery Volume by Type of Waste in 2019
(MWh)
(TJ)
 Electric power
Geothermal power
 0
0 15 0 15
   Americas
   Europe
   Asia and Oceania (except Japan)
   Total
   Recovery Amount
(t)
  Cardboard, paper used by office equipment, toilet paper, raw material for paper products, building board, roadbed materials, etc.
Raw materials for plastic products and other applications, roadbed materials, cement materials, fuels, blast furnace reducing agents, soil improvement agents, etc.
23,006
22,779
   Plastics
   Raw materials for metals, roadbed materials, etc. 31,631 Cement materials, fuels, roadbed materials, reuse of oils, chemicals and solvents, etc. 10,738
   Oils, acids and alkalis
   Sludge
Cement materials, construction materials, aggregates, metal materials, organic fertilizers, compost, etc.
7,826
   Wood
Construction boards, bedding for plants, pulp materials, fuels, fertilizers, etc. 6,693 Glass materials, roadbed materials, cement, metal materials, etc. 403
   Glass and ceramics
   Combustion aid, roadbed materials, soil improvement agents, iron-making materials, metal materials, etc.
Landfill Amount of General Waste Generated by Business Activities
7,880 110,955
Others
   Total
   General landfill waste generated by business activities
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(t)
  2,188 2,343 2,105 2,166 2,195
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 118

Data Summary
Atmospheric Emissions
SOx and NOx Emissions
65.6
Data on Water Resources
Total Wastewater Discharge
4,122
3,744
(t)
(1,000m3)
 SOx
NOx
Japan
2015
2016
2016
2017
2017
2018
 0.7
0.6
62.1
4,108
3,433
1.2 1.1 1.0
61.7 56.1 52.9
4,491 4,377 4,221
3,306 3,086 3,116
2019 Water Quality Data
(t)
162 248
   2018
2019
  2015
2019
   Outside Japan
  Wastewater Amount by Discharge Route in 2019
  907 3,314
532 2,585
1,439 5,898
Water Consumption in 2019 by Type
(1,000m3)
4,221
3,116
7,337
(1,000m3)
Use of Recycled Water and Recycling Rate in 2019
Japan
Rivers
Sewerage System
Total
SS
2019
    Outside Japan
BOD
    Total
    1,573 2,442 1,220 5,235
2,988 717 272 3,977
4,561 3,158 1,493 9,212
* Figures obtain third party verification.
Data on Chemical Substances
Substances Canon No Longer Uses
Chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), 15 types 1,1,1-Trichloroethane Hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs), 34 types Perfluorocarbons (PFCs) Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) Trichloroethylene
Tetrachloroethylene
Dichloro methane (for cleaning)
Dichloro methane (for thin film coating)*2
*1 Excludes use in semiconductor manufacturing
*2 Discontinued use in Japan in December 2001
1,439
51
1,490
27.5
1.3
16.2
December 1992 October 1993 October 1995 December 1999 December 1999 December 1996 December 1996 December 1997 October 2003
Japan
Public Water
Industrial Water
Groundwater
Total
Japan
Recycled Water (1,000m3)
Recycling Rate (%)
    Outside Japan
Outside Japan
    Total
Total
      Ozone-Depleting Substances
      Greenhouse Gases*1
Substance Eliminated
Date Eliminated
        Soil Contaminants
       119 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Amount of Chemical Substances in 2019
7,650 869 8,519
VOC Emissions in 2019
Japan
Amount
(t)
(t)
(kg)
  Japan
   Outside Japan
Outside Japan
VOC Emissions
     Total
Total
    2019 List of Chemical Substances Subjected to the PRTR Act
N-butyl acrylate 1
2-aminoethanol 181
Antimony and its compounds 1
Ethylbenzene 499
Ferric chloride 0
Xylene 8,524
Monochlorobenzene 482
Methyl chloride 5
1,4-dioxane 367
Diphenylamine 0
N,N-dimethylformamide 243
Styrene 200
Tetraethylthiuram disulfide 0
1,2,4-trimethylbenzene 207
Tolylene diisocyanate 0
0 0
19 2
0 0
3 0
0 0
4 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
135 175 311
0 25,557
18,529 13,598
0 141
2,936 12,834
0 154,708
6,025 153,731
268 23,621
0 0
0 540
0 52
0 315
0 98,264
0 2
10 11,312
0 240
 Statutory No.
Emissions Volume
Transfer Volume
     7
Name of Substance
Atmosphere
Public Water
Sewerage System
Waste
Recyclables
 20
 31
 53
 71
 80
 125
 128
 150
 202
 232
 240
 259
 296
 298
 299
 300
 306
 308
 309
 343
 349
 374
 395
 408
 412
 438
 448
                 Toluidin 30000
 Toluene 6,587
Hexamethylene diacrylate 0
Nickel 1
Nickel compounds 0
Pyrocatechol 19
Phenol 82
14 0 1,227
0 0 0
0 0 2
0 0 15
0 0 0
0 0 1
50 1,438 0
0 753 0
0 0 0
0 0 0
0 0 0
0 0 0
45,391
27
1,396
1,550
4,106
368
656
4,365
652
1,117
398
13,009
      Hydrogen fluoride and its water-soluble salts
Water-soluble salts of peroxodisulfuric acid
Poly (oxyethylene) octylphenyl ether
Manganese and its compounds
4
0
0
0
    Methylnaphthalene 70
Methylenebis (4,1-phenylene) diisocyanate 1
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 120

Data Summary
Environmental Accounting
Calculations performed according to the Environmental Accounting Guidelines (2005 edition) issued by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment.
Environmental Conservation Costs
(Billions of yen)
3.45 8.31
 Category
3. Resource Circulation Cost
Details of Key Activities
2019
  (1) Business Area Cost
Investment
Cost
  Details
1. Pollution Prevention Cost
 2. Global Environmental Conservation Cost
   (2) Upstream / Downstream Cost
 (3) Administration Cost
 (4) R&D Cost*2
 (5) Social Activity Cost
 (6) Environmental Remediation Cost
 (7) Other
 Total
   Revenue
Air, water and soil pollution prevention, etc. 1.53 4.04
Prevention of global warming, energy conservation, efficient logistics, etc. 1.82 1.87
Efficient resource use, waste reduction, sorting, recycling, etc. 0.10 2.40
Green procurement initiatives, product recycling*1, etc. 0.07 7.10
    Environmental education, environmental management system, tree planting, information disclosure, environmental advertising, personnel, etc.
0.05 3.59
 R&D for reducing environmental impact 0.0 0.15
Contributions to organizations, sponsorships, memberships, etc. 0.03 0.13
Soil remediation 0.15 0.09
Other environmental protection-related costs 0.0 0.03
     *1 In connection with the recycling of used products, expenses for product collection, storage, sorting, shipment, etc.
*2 Expenses for basic research on environmental technologies
3.76 19.41
50,304 110,955
2,944 68,593
Environmental Conservation Benefit
Benefit related to resources input into business activities
Benefit related to waste or environmental impact originating from business activities
Benefit related to goods and services produced from business activities
Energy conservation (t-CO2)
Recycled resources volume (t)
Product energy conservation amount (1,000 t-CO2)*3
Recovery of used products (t)*4
   *3 CO2 reduction resulting from energy-conservation technologies in electrographic multifunction devices and laser printers.
*4 Amount of recovered copying machines, cartridges, etc. (including outsourced material recycling and thermal recovery)
Economic Benefit Associated with Environmental Conservation Activities
Sales revenue from waste recycling
Reduction in energy costs from energy conservation
Reduction from green procurement
Reduction in waste handling costs from resource conservation and recycling
Product Standards Compliance
2019 Standards Compliance for Environmentally Conscious Products
Benefit of Upstream / Downstream Costs
(Billions of yen)
2.30 2.11
0.0
1.77
6.18
26/26 (100%)
14/14 (100%)
11/11 (100%)
Lower energy costs from reduced product energy consumption*5
Profit from used product recycling
(Billions of yen)
78.87
5.83
 Details of Benefit
2019
     Cost Reduction
*5 Calculated as the reduction in energy consumption of electrographic multifunction devices and laser printers sold in 2019 (excluding production printers) × 12 yen/ kWh (economic effect for the customer).
2019 Standards Compliance for Consumables
   Total
    Copying Machines/ Multifunction Devices (MFDs)
Law on Promoting Green Purchasing (Japan)
26/26 (100%)
14/14 (100%)
11/11 (100%)
26/26 (100%)
14/14 (100%)
11/11 (100%)
9/9 (100%)
34/34 (100%)
9/9 (100%)
34/34 (100%)
Eco Mark (Japan)
International ENERGY STAR® Program
Toner Cartridges
Law on Promoting Green Purchasing (Japan)
Eco Mark (Japan)
    Laser Printers
Ink Cartridges
    Inkjet Printers
* Values show the number of models meeting specifications out of the number of new models on sale in Japan, with the compliance ratio in parentheses.
  * Values show the number of models meeting specifications out of the number of new models on sale in Japan, with the compliance ratio in parentheses.
121 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Details of Benefit
Environmental Protection Indices
  Benefit Related to Business Area Cost
Index
Index Value
 Benefit Related to Upstream / Downstream Cost
 Details of Benefit
2019

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Operational Sites Covered in the Environmental Section
Tokyo Kanagawa Kanagawa Kanagawa Kanagawa Kanagawa Kanagawa Shizuoka Tochigi Ibaraki Ibaraki Tochigi Tochigi Oita Ibaraki
Tokyo
Saitama Saitama Fukui Shiga Aomori Ibaraki Oita Miyazaki Ibaraki Saitama Shiga
Oita Ibaraki Ibaraki Mie Fukushima Ibaraki Kanagawa Shiga Niigata Nagasaki Tochigi Tochigi
  Utsunomiya Plant
Name
  Canon Inc. (1 company, 15 operational sites)
 Headquarters
Location
Manufacturing Subsidiaries Outside Japan (20 companies)
Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) Ltd.
Name
U.S.A. Germany France Taiwan Malaysia Malaysia Thailand PRC
PRC
Vietnam
PRC
PRC
PRC
Malaysia
Thailand
Philippines
The Netherlands
Germany
Sweden Vietnam
U.S.A.
United Kingdom
The Netherlands
PRC Australia
* The scope of third-party verification of GHG includes the 127 companies covered in Canon’s consolidated ISO certification and one other company not included in consolidated certification, all listed above.
* Figures for 2017 onwards include data for Canon Medical Systems. * Some sites are excluded from the data in Environment Accounting
section such as sites having low impact on total values.
Location
  Yako Office
    Tamagawa Office
  Kosugi Office
  Hiratsuka Plant
  Ayase Plant
Canon Virginia, Inc.
 Canon Giessen GmbH
 Kawasaki Office
 Canon Bretagne S.A.S.
  Canon Inc., Taiwan
  Canon Opto (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
  Canon Electronics (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
     Fuji-Susono Research Park
  Canon Dalian Business Machines, Inc.
    Canon Zhuhai, Inc.
  Toride Plant
     Utsunomiya Optical Products Plant
Canon Vietnam Co., Ltd.
 Ami Plant
 Canon Zhongshan Business Machines Co., Ltd.
   Canon (Suzhou) Inc.
  Optics R&D Center
  Canon Finetech Nisca (Shenzhen) Inc.
  Oita Plant
  Canon Machinery (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
  Tsukuba Parts Center
  Marketing Headquarters in Japan (1 company)
 Canon Marketing Japan Inc.
Canon Prachinburi (Thailand) Ltd.
 Canon Business Machines (Philippines), Inc.
  Manufacturing Subsidiaries in Japan (23 companies)
 Canon Electronics Inc.
Canon Production Printing Netherlands B.V.
 Canon Production Printing Germany G.m.b.H. & Co. KG
    Canon Finetech Nisca Inc.
Axis Communications AB
    Fukui Canon Materials Inc.
Canon Electronics Vietnam Co., Ltd.
  Top Business Machines Co., Ltd.
  Canon Chemicals Inc.
Marketing Headquarters Outside Japan (5 companies)
 Canon Precision Inc.
 Canon U.S.A., Inc.
    Oita Canon Inc.
Canon Europe Ltd.
  Miyazaki Canon Inc.
    Canon Optron, Inc.
 Canon Components, Inc.
Canon Europa N.V.
   Canon (China) Co., Ltd.
  Nagahama Canon Inc.
  Canon Australia Pty Ltd.
  Oita Canon Materials Inc.
     Other Companies Subject to Reporting (78 companies)
In Japan (20)
 Outside Japan (58)
 Canon Semiconductor Equipment Inc.
  Canon Ecology Industry Inc.
  Ueno Canon Materials Inc.
  Fukushima Canon Inc.
  Canon Mold Co., Ltd.
  Canon ANELVA Corporation
  Canon Machinery Inc.
  Canon Tokki Corporation
  Nagasaki Canon Inc.
  Canon Medical Systems Corporation
  Canon Electron Tubes & Devices Co., Ltd.
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 122

Data Summary
Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen
Number of Canon Group Employees
Breakdown of Employees (Canon Inc.)
68,325
24,826
17,635
78,785
189,571
26,360
22,370
3,990
3,193
7,508
7,843
6,919
897
26,335
25
72,913
25,511
19,160
80,089
197,673
26,246
22,261
3,985
2,922
7,253
7,772
7,280
1,019
26,227
19
73,665
25,623
18,448
80,040
197,776
26,075
22,027
4,048
2,853
6,924
7,419
7,747
1,132
26,002
73
73,460
25,281
18,361
77,954
195,056
25,891
21,794
4,097
2,938
6,462
7,218
7,991
1,282
25,779
112
520
142
662
442
1.8
46
72,979
23,126
18,207
72,729
187,041
25,740
21,631
4,109
2,997
5,906
7,225
8,119
1,493
25,664
76
540
142
682
518
2.1
49
  Japan
      Total Number of Employees
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
  By Gender
Male
 Female
  Under 30
 By Age Group
30s
 40s
 50s
 60 and over
  By Classification or Contract Type
Regular Employees
 Non-regular Employees*
             * Non-regular employees: Contract workers and part-time workers
Number of New Hires and Employees Leaving the Company (Canon Inc.)
 Newly Hired Employees
Male
Total
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
 Female
   Employees Leaving the Company/Turnover Rate
Employees Leaving the Company
 Turnover Rate (%)
        Breakdown of Executives (Canon Inc.)
Composition of Executives by Age (Canon Inc.)
368
81
449
291
1.1
43
316 472
70 106
386 578
281 369
1.1 1.5
46 48
  By Gender
Male
2016
2016
2017
2017
2018
2018
2019
2019
  Female
12222
19 23 6 1
2000
     By Gender
Male
50s
60s
70s
80s
  Female
   123 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
2015
 Europe
 Americas
 Asia and Oceania
 Total
 2015

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Percentage of Employee Membership in the Canon
Ratio of Internationalization in Canon Group Companies Outside Japan
27 93 23 92 95 87
* Share of non-Japanese appointed as presidents and managers.
Workers’ Union*1
81 81 80 81 80 87 91 87 85 84
*1 Figures for Canon Inc. are as of the end of the year. Figures for the key Group companies in Japan are as of the end of August.
*2 Key Group Companies in Japan: Member unions of the Canon Group Workers’ Union Conference (19 companies).
(%)
(%)
  Canon Inc.
2015
2016
2017
2018
Presidents
Americas
Europe
 Key Group Companies in Japan*2
Asia (excluding Japan)
 Managers
    Comparison of Canon’s Minimum Wage to Local Minimum Wage
151,950 yen
166,000 yen
109%
* Figures represent wages for leading manufacturing companies in each region, not average wages.
Base Salary and Total Salary per Employee by Gender (Canon Inc.)
100 : 105 100 : 116 100 : 105 100 : 117
* The compensation system is the same for men and women. Differences are due to such factors as age and grade level.
  Local Minimum Monthly Wage
Number of Employees Taking Childcare and Nursing Care Leave (Canon Inc.)*1*2
2019
Japan
1,762 1,721 1,735
1,737 1,725
214 255 (76) (119)
130 138 (9) (15)
U.S.
1,257 dollars
2,106 dollars
1,818 renminbi
2,583 renminbi
China
   Canon
Standard Minimum Monthly Wage
  168% 142%
   Base Pay
Ratio Compared to Local Minimum Wage
 Management
Non-Management Employees
Female : Male
    Management
  Total Pay
Non-Management Employees
   Annual Hours Worked per Employee (Canon Inc.)
* Regular/post-retirement employee survey data (Canon Inc.).
(hrs)
 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
 Total Hours Worked, Canon Inc.*
  Taking Childcare Leave
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
 Using Reduced Work Hours for Childcare
 Taking Maternity Leave
 Working Reduced Hours due to Pregnancy
 Taking Nursing Care Leave
 Using Reduced Work Hours for Nursing Care
 Applications for Fertility Treatment Subsidy Program
  184 (30)
142 (10)
186 186 (43) (43)
132 122 (4) (11)
  34 30 21 29 22
75244
9 15 11 14 19
64455
260 248 255 208 211
     *1 Number of employees in that year using the system for the first time. *2 ( ) Number of male employees.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 124

Data Summary
Return/Retention Rates and Number of Employees Returning from Childcare/Nursing Care Leave (Canon Inc.)
169 185 164 210 216 (30) (37) (38) (79) (81)
100 97 98 99 99 99 99 97 98 95
9 18 6 14 19
100 100 100 88 83
* ( ) Number of male employees.
* Retention rate: (The total number of employees who are registered as of 12 months after returning from childcare leave) ÷ (The total number of employees who
 Returning from Childcare Leave
Number of Returning Employees
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
 Return Rate (%)
 Retention Rate (%)
  Returning from Nursing Care Leave
Number of Returning Employees
 Return Rate (%)
      returned to work from childcare leave during a previous report period) × 100.
Percentage of Women by Position (Canon Inc.)
(%)
(%)
Number and Percentage of Employees with Disabilities at Canon Inc.
 Employees
Managers
Accidents Requiring Time off Work
Accidents not Requiring Time off Work
2017
2018
2015
2019
■Employees  750
600 450 300 150
*As of June 1 each year
 15.1
2.0
2.3
15.2 15.5
2.2 2.6
4.2 4.0
15.8
2.6
4.2
16.1
2.9
3.9
28.0
Percentage
(%)
2.5 2.0
     Executives
2.17
402
2.25
418
2.29
   Ratio of Women in Management
2.5 24.4
2.08
383
2.10
386
428 1.5 1.0
      Ratio of women in management
Japan
Americas
Europe
16.8
0.5 00
Asia and Oceania
   Numbers and Frequency of Occupational Accidents (Canon Inc., Key Group Companies in Japan)*1
2016
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
(Year)
 2017
2018
2019
 25 18 23
110 112 101
0.25 0.18 0.23
0.007 0.006 0.006
33 26
130 114
0.26 0.20
0.009 0.005
    Frequency Rate*2 (%)
  Severity Rate*3 (%)
  Frequency Rate for the Manufacturing Industry (%)
1.06 1.15 1.02 1.20
0.06 0.07 0.08 0.10
*1 Calculated for three Group companies in 2018, with an additional one company in 2019
*2 Frequency rate indicates the prevalence of occupational fatalities and injuries per 1 million working hours.
*3 Severity rate indicates the degree of the disaster with the labor loss days per 1,000 total of working hours.
*4 The frequency rate and severity rate for the manufacturing industry for the year ended March 2020 has not been published as of April 2020.
—*4
  Severity Rate for the Manufacturing Industry (%)
  R&D Expenses
(Billions of yen) 328.5 302.4 333.4 315.8 298.5
 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
 R&D expenses
 125 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
2015
2016

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Major Social Contribution Activities (not including those featured on P84-86)
 Area
   Humanitarian Aid and Disaster Relief
Social Welfare
Name of Activity
Disaster Relief Fundraising
Cooperation with UN Support Programs
Overview
Canon is a main sponsor of the UNHCR WILL2LIVE Cinema 2019, organized by Japan for UNHCR*1 with cooperation and supervision by UNHCR Representation in Japan. Canon also participates in “WFP Walk the World,” a charity walk in support of the activities of the Japan Association for the World Food Programme*2.
Notes
 Canon organizes fundraising activities to help those in regions affected by natural disasters worldwide. In 2019, we donated a total of about ¥15 million in response to damages caused by 2019 Typhoon Hagibis in Japan.
   Disaster Recovery Support Programs
“Fukushima Community Support” and “Smile for the Future Project” are some of the programs aimed at reinvigorating local communities affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake.
         Environmental Conservation
Environmental Outreach Classes
Accredited by the Organising Committee of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games as part of the “Tokyo 2020 Official Programme (Sustainability),” these classes teach the importance of recycling by using experiments to sort materials with different characteristics to help promote deeper understanding of environmental issues.
     American Cancer Society
Since 1998, Canon U.S.A. has been a supporter of the American Cancer Society initiative “Making Strides Against Breast Cancer” to raise funds for cancer research. Canon employees participate in walks and other fundraising activities.
    Local Communities
Education and Science
Canon Image Bridge Project
This program involves children from across Asia creating “exchange cards” that include photographs they have taken, along with brief messages.
This project aims to discover, nurture, and support new photographers pursuing new possibilities in creative photographic expression.
*1 The national partner of UNHCR in Japan
*2 The national partner of the World Food Programme (WFP) in Japan
URL: https://www.usa.canon.com/ internet/portal/us/home/about/ corporate-social-responsibility/ community-social-involvement/ american-cancer-society
URL: https://global.canon/en/ jr-photographers/
URL: https://global.canon/en/ newcosmos/
    This project organizes photography classes for children on the theme of nature with the aims of raising environmental awareness and fostering richer artistic sensitivity. In 2019, the program marked its 15th year by adding SDG 15 as a theme.
  Group companies conducted various internships, including programs aimed at supporting the career development of students. Canon Inc. offered a total of approximately 2,000 internships to students on administrative, technical or specialist tracks in 2019.
  Junior Photographers
  Internship Program for Students
   Art, Culture and Sports
New Cosmos of Photography
   Canon Sustainability Report 2020 126

Data Summary
Financial Data
Canon Inc. and Subsidiaries
(Millions of yen)
Net sales:
Domestic
Overseas
Percentage of previous year (%)
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Gross profit ratio (%)
Operating profit
Operating profit ratio (%)
Net income attributable to Canon Inc.
Net income attributable to Canon Inc. ratio (%)
Advertising
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
Increase in property, plant and equipment
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Free cash flow
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Long-term debt, excluding current installments
Canon Inc. shareholders’ equity
Inventories
Total assets
Per share data (Yen)
Net income attributable to Canon Inc. shareholders per share
3,209,201
702,344
2,506,857
78.4%
1,781,808
1,427,393
44.5%
217,055
6.8%
131,647
4.1%
78,009
315,393
216,128
611,235
–370,244
240,991
–142,379
4,912
2,688,109
373,241
3,847,557
3,706,901
695,749
3,011,152
115.5%
1,923,813
1,783,088
48.1%
387,552
10.5%
246,603
6.7%
94,794
276,193
158,976
744,413
–342,133
402,280
–279,897
4,131
2,645,782
384,777
3,983,820
¥199.71
¥199.70
¥120
¥4,520
¥3,205
66.4%
35 days
6.3%
9.2%
60.0%
3,557,433
694,450
2,862,983
96.0%
1,820,670
1,736,763
48.8%
378,071
10.6%
248,630
7.0%
81,232
261,343
226,869
469,562
–256,543
213,019
–257,513
3,368
2,551,132
476,704
3,930,727
¥204.49
¥204.48
¥120
¥4,280
¥3,220
64.9%
46 days
6.3%
9.6%
58.3%
3,479,788
720,286
2,759,502
97.8%
1,829,822
1,649,966
47.4%
323,856
9.3%
224,564
6.5%
83,134
258,133
270,457
384,077
–212,740
171,337
–319,739
2,117
2,598,026
551,623
3,955,503
¥191.34
¥191.34
¥130
¥4,015
¥2,308
65.7%
57 days
5.7%
8.7%
67.2%
 2010
2011
2012
                                                  Basic ¥106.64
Diluted ¥106.64
Dividend per share ¥110
Stock price
High ¥4,070
Low ¥2,115
            Key Performance Indicators
Canon Inc. shareholders’ equity to total assets ratio (%)
Inventory turnover in days (Days)
ROA (%)
ROE (%)
Dividend payout ratio (%)
69.9%
39 days
3.4%
4.9%
103.1%
            127 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
2009

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
  3,731,380
715,863
3,015,517
107.2%
1,932,959
1,798,421
48.2%
337,277
9.0%
230,483
6.2%
86,398
275,173
188,826
507,642
–250,212
257,430
–222,181
1,448
2,910,262
553,773
4,242,710
¥200.78
¥200.78
¥130
¥4,115
¥2,913
68.6%
52 days
5.6%
8.4%
64.6%
3,727,252
724,317
3,002,935
99.9%
1,865,780
1,861,472
49.9%
363,489
9.8%
254,797
6.8%
79,765
263,480
182,343
583,927
–269,298
314,629
–300,886
1,148
2,978,184
528,167
4,460,618
¥229.03
¥229.03
¥150
¥4,045
¥2,889
66.8%
50 days
5.9%
8.7%
64.6%
3,800,271
714,280
3,085,991
102.0%
1,865,887
1,934,384
50.9%
355,210
9.3%
220,209
5.8%
80,907
273,327
195,120
474,724
– 453,619
21,105
–210,202
881
2,966,415
501,895
4,427,773
¥201.65
¥201.65
¥150
¥4,539
¥3,402
67.0%
47 days
5.0%
7.4%
74.4%
3,401,487
706,979
2,694,508
89.5%
1,727,654
1,673,833
49.2%
228,866
6.7%
150,650
4.4%
58,707
250,096
171,597
500,283
–837,125
–336,842
355,692
611,289
2,783,129
560,736
5,138,529
¥137.95
¥137.95
¥150
¥3,656
¥2,780
54.2%
59 days
3.1%
5.2%
108.7%
4,080,015
884,828
3,195,187
119.9%
2,089,461
1,990,554
48.8%
321,605
7.9%
241,923
5.9%
61,207
261,881
147,542
590,557
–165,010
425,547
–340,464
493,238
2,870,630
570,033
5,198,291
¥222.88
¥222.88
¥160
¥4,472
¥3,218
55.2%
49 days
4.7%
8.6%
71.4%
3,951,937
869,577
3,082,360
96.9%
2,116,383
1,835,554
46.4%
342,952
8.7%
252,755
6.4%
58,729
251,554
159,316
365,293
–195,615
169,678
–354,830
361,962
2,827,602
611,281
4,899,465
¥234.09
¥234.08
¥160
¥4,395
¥2,877
57.7%
56 days
5.0%
8.9%
68.4%
3,593,299
872,534
2,720,765
90.9%
1,983,266
1,610,033
44.8%
174,667
4.9%
125,105 3.5%
46,665
237,327
178,088
358,461
–228,568
129,893
–232,590
357,340
2,692,595
584,756
4,768,351
¥116.93
¥116.91
¥160
¥3,338
¥2,688
56.5%
59 days
2.6%
4.5%
136.1%
                                     Canon Sustainability Report 2020 128

Major Awards, Citations, and Association Memberships
Major Awards and Citations
2019 iF Design Awards (25th consecutive year)
Compact digital camera “PowerShot G1 X Mark III,” large format inkjet printer series “imagePROGRAF PRO-6000/PRO-4000/ PRO-2000,” etc. (Total 9 products)
iF International Forum Design GmbH
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Tokyo Stock Exchange
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi
Fujisankei Communications Group
Technical Image Press Association (TIPA)
United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Japan Institute of Invention and Innovation
Nikkan Kogyo Shimbun
Expert Imaging and Sound Association (EISA)
J.D. Power Japan
Japan Institute of Design Promotion
Association for Corporate Support of the Arts
Hong Kong Design Centre
 Date of Award
 Europe
Japan
Europe
Americas
Japan
Japan
Europe
Japan
Japan
Asia
Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award in the Grand Prize for the Global Environment Award
2019 TIPA Awards (25th consecutive year)
ENERGY STAR® AWARD 2019 Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence
(2nd consecutive year)
Keidanren Chairman’s Prize,
2019 National Commendation for Invention
Special Jury Prize,
The 49th Machine Design Award
EISA Awards 2019-2020 (31st consecutive year)
No. 1, 2019 Color Copier Customer Satisfaction Study
Good Design Awards 2019
Special Prize “Commissioner for Cultural Affairs Award” in the Mécénat Award 2019
DFA Design for Asia Awards 2019, Silver Award
“Canon Eco Technology Park with Canon Recycling Technologies – Efforts to Resolve Social Issues Aimed at Building a Recycling Society”
Mirrorless camera “EOS RP,” etc. (Total 4 products)
Canon U.S.A. was awarded for its contribution to promoting energy saving
“Invention of display lithography equipment that achieves both speed and accuracy in positioning alignment”
Super-telephoto, large-diameter interchangeable lenses for EOS series “EF 400mm f/2.8L IS III USM/EF 600mm f/4L IS III USM” etc. (Total 2 products)
Mirrorless camera “EOS RP,” RF lens
“RF 24–105mm F4 L IS USM” etc. (Total 5 products)
MFDs awarded in the Large & Middle Office Market category and the Small Office Market category
“Sumire Prime” single focus lens series for PL mount cinema cameras (Good Design Best 100), etc. (Total 15 products)
Awarded for the Tsuzuri Project, jointly undertaken with the Kyoto Culture Association (NPO)
EOS R System
        Japan
   “Platinum Kurumin” authorization based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children
   It is awarded to companies receiving the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Kurumin authorization that are considered to be implementing initiatives of a higher standard.
          129 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Region
Award/Citation
Product or Award Detail
Presenter
     February 2019
The Health & Productivity Stock Selection
Canon Inc. and Canon Marketing Japan accredited as companies working strategically by considering employee health and productivity management from a management perspective
     The Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program (3rd consecutive year)
Canon Inc., Canon Marketing Japan, Canon IT Solutions, Canon System and Support, and Oita Canon Materials accredited as companies performing exceptional health and productivity management based on initiatives aligned with local health issues and initiatives to increase health promoted by Nippon Kenko Kaigi
   April 2019
 May 2019
 July 2019
 August 2019
 October 2019
 November 2019
 
 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Main Association Memberships and Participating External Initiatives
• Keidanren (Japan Business Federation)
• Japan Electronics and Information Technology Industries
Association (JEITA)
• Japan Business Machine and Information System Industries
Association (JBMIA)
• Camera & Imaging Products Association (CIPA)
• Semiconductor Equipment Association of Japan (SEAJ)
• Japan Machinery Center for Trade and Investment (JMC)
• Japan Center for Economic Research (JCER)
• Nippon Computer Security Incident Response Team
Association (NCA)
Credit Rating by Key Agencies
• World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)
• Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI)
• Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)
• Japan Intellectual Property Association (JIPA) • License on Transfer Network
• chemSHERPA
• Ink Cartridge Satogaeri Project
(As of December 31, 2019)
  S&P
Long Term
A+ A-1
A3 ―
AA+ ―
Short Term
     Moody’s
  Rating and Investment Information, Inc.
  Tokyo 2020 Official Programme
The following Canon initiatives are certified as Tokyo 2020 Official Programme activities promoted by the Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
• The Tsuzuri Project (Cultural Heritage Inheritance Project) (→P85-86)
• Environmental Outreach Classes (→P46)
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 130

Third-Party Opinion
 Co-Lead Research Unit Innovation Labs, Sustainable Production and Consumption Division,
Wuppertal Institute for Climate, Environment and Energy www.wupperinst.org
Dr. Justus von Geibler
The novel coronavirus with its current spread demonstrates that we, as humans, have become globally connected. The drastic consequences for citizens and companies highlight the benefits of well- functioning collaboration in global supply chains and reliable provision of products. They also underline the value of international transparency and careful consideration of the social and environmental risks of human action at a local, regional and global level.
a
Main Changes in Individual Parts
Compared to last year’s report there are some notable changes in individual parts of the report. First, the shortened “Message from the CEO” (→P5-8) at the beginning of report provides the perspective of the top management as well as context for the report in a very concise way. The presentation of “Canon’s Value Creation Process” (→P11-12) is much clearer and more integrated in this year’s report. Key elements supporting the value creation are presented in a more holistic and aligned way. The linkages to other parts in the report support a better presentation of the connectedness of the information in the report.
To advance the understanding of the value creation even further, I would like to see, in future reports, a compact textual specification of the company’s purpose which integrates the specific technological expertise of Canon.
The section “Materiality and SDGs” (→P13-14) provides more detail on the stakeholder engagement process and a better presentation of the linkages to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
I appreciate the illustrative case description on “Canon’s Vision of Environmental Value” (→P19-20). It shows how Canon’s product innovations increase service quality and simultaneously reduce environmental impact at each stage of the product lifecycle. Here, the overall target of an average yearly reduction of 3% per product unit supports the measurability of the environmental performance at product level. I believe, that in addition to these relative targets, more absolute targets for the overall environmental impact at the company level would be supportive to align corporate action, specifically in case of conflicting goals and related decision-making.
I congratulate Canon and its reporting team for the promising achievements in their integrated report.
I am sure, they can build on their substantial experience and are ready to further advance Canon’s reporting, even in current uncertain times. I look forward to continued progress in the future.
Against this background, I am very thankful for the continued opportunity to be engaged in the commentary process for Canon’s report. My comments are based on a review of the draft report and intensive discussion with the reporting team. Overall, I highly appreciate the progress and achievements of Canon in this year’s reporting process. At the same time, I see opportunities for further improvement in future reports.
Relevance of the Integrated Report as a Whole
I welcome that Canon continues to provide an integrated report, for several reasons. First, the integrated report, aiming for a holistic presentation of Canon’s activities in one report, is likely to be more relevant to many readers than individual financial or sustainability reports. Canon provides imaging technologies in various fields of applications with a broad vision of a sustainable global society. Thus, an integrated perspective can support a more holistic understanding and management of the organization. This includes advanced risk management and decision-making and a better understanding of the company’s value creation. Furthermore, Canon is active in numerous countries, has global supply chains, and deals with a wide variety of internal and external stakeholders with diverse interests and expectations. In this context, an integrated report can support a coherent stakeholder communication.
131 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Sancroft International Ltd.
Chief Executive
and
Global Sustainability Standards Board Chair
Judy Kuszewski
I have followed Canon’s sustainability reporting closely for many years—from environmental reporting, to sustainability, to integrated reporting.
This report represents a significant change in Canon’s reporting approach. I am very impressed by the depth and integration this report provides. While Canon is already very experienced in sustainability reporting, this report demonstrates that even experienced report producers can strengthen the quality and meaningfulness of their report.
At the heart of this report is Canon’s value-creation model. This model demonstrates clearly how the whole business, and all it produces, is built on the foundation of Canon’s unique corporate philosophy, kyosei, and mobilizes the company’s resources and business proposition toward the achievement of this vision.
The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are an increasingly important touchstone for business seeking to ensure their activities contribute to the common good. Canon has taken this on board, and reflects in this report the company’s activities in light of the SDGs.
As the SDGs are intended primarily for governments, it can be challenging for private-sector companies to demonstrate their contributions in a robust way. Nevertheless, Canon has demonstrated a clear intention to align its business activities to specific SDGs intelligently and meaningfully. In the future, I would like to see Canon reflecting on the full intention of specific SDGs in its impact analysis. For example, Canon’s discussion of network visual solutions focuses on the surveillance value of network cameras, with little reference to other benefits to society. SDG 11 challenges us to ‘make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable.’ While the value of Canon’s solutions to safety is quite clear, the contributions to inclusivity, resiliency and sustainability are yet to be explored. I would like in the future to see Canon addressing all elements of the SDGs that are most relevant to its activities.
One of the most significant manifestations of integrated thinking and management—as encouraged by integrated reporting—can be found in a company’s approach to risk identification and management. Canon shows excellent foundations in its discussion of the various risks related to climate change— segmented into transition, physical and reputational risks. This gives readers a much clearer and more specific view of how the business may interact with these sustainability trends in the future, and I believe readers would benefit greatly from a similar granular understanding of risk related to other areas of sustainability impact. This would, in my view, bring together Canon’s business with the reality of the sustainability challenge in a more tangible and meaningful way.
Canon’s efforts with this integrated report are certainly to be congratulated. Such a significant change to the company’s reporting concept must inevitably bring challenges, and will no doubt be further improved over the coming years.
The kyosei philosophy demands that Canon look beyond its day-to-day priorities and activities to manage their impacts within the wider context of sustainability. Integrated thinking—bringing together economic, social and environmental considerations alongside the demands of a major, global business— is an enabler of kyosei, and is, in my opinion, firmly on display in this integrated report.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 132

Third-Party Opinion
Third-Party Review Process
Introduction
As part of Canon’s ongoing efforts to improve its sustainability reporting for stakeholders, Canon seeks the advice of external experts to review and comment on its sustainability report. This process aims to provide meaningful, credible external feedback, and aspires to meet international good practice standards.
Judy Kuszewski and Dr. Justus von Geibler have supported Canon’s reporting every year for over a decade, through dialogue with Canon leadership and detailed, challenging review of concepts and draft contents as they are developed, as well as written commentary which is published in this report.
Basis for the Commentator’s Opinions
Using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards, the Integrated Reporting framework of the International Integrated Reporting Council and the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as background, the commentators challenged Canon on:
• Materiality—The topics of greatest importance to Canon’s business and to its stakeholders.
• Integration into business—Demonstrating that Canon’s sustainability priorities are fully embedded into the business operations.
Integrating sustainability into long-term value creation
Validating and refining the material topics and relationship to the SDGs
Identification and management of risk
Relationship between product services and environmental impact
Materiality topics to solve societal issues
• Risk identification and management—Canon’s sustainability report should demonstrate its understanding of potential risk to the business from key sustainability trends, and the strategic steps taken to address these risks.
• Value creation—Canon’s sustainability report should demonstrate the role that sustainability thinking and action play in opening up new pathways to add value to the business and its customers.
Judy Kuszewski and Dr. Justus von Geibler are well- informed, independent sustainability professionals with a keen interest in engaging with Canon and supporting the transparency and accountability of its reporting. They are not auditors or assurance providers.
What Canon and the Commentators Discussed
Through the video conference process and written submissions, the commentators and Canon staff discussed reporting expectations, key areas of interest and impressions of the draft Canon report.
The main topics of discussion included the following, with Canon participants’ responses and views shown alongside:
We improved our report in light of feedback from specialist investors for our first integrated report issued in 2019. We particularly focused on “Value Creation Process” (→P11-12) through dialogue.
Based on our discussion, we enriched our explanation of the relationship between our corporate philosophy, SDGs and society for a clear understanding.
We improved our materiality identification process with detailed information such as specific expectations of Canon from stakeholders which we consider through our identification process. In addition, we showed the relationship between the SDGs and materiality topics using a matrix chart and some concrete examples (→P13-14).
Following advice from this dialogue, we will try to deliver our material topics amid the context of “Value creation process” in order to advance the quality of the integrated report.
Risks and opportunities in each area of the three materiality themes are described in this report (→P15-18). Regarding climate change in the environment area, risks are segmented into three for better understanding taking TCFD recommendations into consideration. Following guidance from commentators, risks in the circular economy area are also segmented into three. We will further improve our approach to risk description in other materiality areas from readers’ perspective.
The environmental value which Canon aims to realize in the environment vision is visualized and concrete examples are shown (→P19-20). In order to make our vision clear for readers, some descriptions have been reviewed following suggestions from commentators. We will further improve the entire contents of this section.
Considering these suggestions, we reviewed our activities not only from the standpoint of “safe cities” but also “the inclusive, resilient and sustainable” aspects, which SDG 11 requires, broadening our view. We added some information in addition to the surveillance value such as the infrastructure check system (→P31).
 Topics
Third-party comment
This year’s integrated report is a major step forward over last year’s. The description of Canon’s value-creation model is a particular improvement, and numerous potential edits and further improvements were discussed.
Canon views
     Canon’s description of material topics could potentially be improved with a link to the connection between Canon’s corporate resources, culture, organizational culture with the potential to create new value and solve social issues. In this way, these elements could be shown to enable the creation of new value in an integrated way.
   Canon’s efforts to describe economic, social and environmental risk to the business have improved and become more detailed in this report. Climate risk in particular is further advanced, segmented into Transition, Physical and Reputational risks. This approach is recommended for other areas of risk, as it brings abstract concepts into further focus for readers.
   Participants discussed the potential tradeoff between improving product’s services and reducing environmental burden, the underlying understanding of the higher functionality of products and services, and how a broader perspective (including environmental benefits of the product) could be better integrated into the value creation, and how this broader view can be made clear and relevant for readers.
   Contribution through Canon’s network visual solutions focuses on the surveillance value of network cameras, with little reference to other benefits to society. It is recommended Canon mentions other aspects such as the natural disaster-response element. That will also enrich the information on the challenge for SDG 11.
           133 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Third-Party Assurance
Canon has received third-party assurance from Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Limited (LRQA)
for GHG emissions, energy consumption and water consumption data within Canon Sustainability Report 2020 for the years 2018 and 2019.
 Canon Sustainability Report 2020 134

Third-Party Assurance
 135 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

Canon Group Directory
We conduct business globally, with operational sites in more than 50 countries and regions.
Main Group Companies
As of December 31, 2019 (except for *1,*2)
Japan (Consolidated subsidiaries 58)
Canon Precision Inc.
Canon Tokki Corporation
Fukushima Canon Inc.
Canon Medical Systems Corporation Canon Electron Tubes & Devices Co., Ltd. Canon Components, Inc.
Canon Semiconductor Equipment Inc. Canon Chemicals Inc.
Canon Electronics Inc.
Canon Finetech Nisca Inc.
Canon ANELVA Corporation
Nagahama Canon Inc.
Canon Machinery Inc.
Oita Canon Materials Inc.
Oita Canon Inc.
Nagasaki Canon Inc.
Miyazaki Canon Inc.
Canon Marketing Japan Inc.
Canon System and Support Inc.
Canon IT Solutions Inc.
Canon Medical Finance Co., Ltd.
Europe (Consolidated subsidiaries 162)
Canon Bretagne S.A.S.
Canon Production Printing Netherlands B.V.*1
Canon Production Printing Germany GmbH & Co. KG*2
Axis Communications AB
Canon Research Centre France S.A.S. Axis AB
Canon Europa N.V.
Canon Europe Ltd.
Canon Ru LLC
Canon (UK) Ltd.
Canon Deutschland GmbH
Canon (Schweiz) AG
Canon Nederland N.V.
Canon France S.A.S.
Canon Middle East FZ-LLC
Canon Italia S.p.A.
Canon Medical Systems Europe B.V. Milestone Systems A/S
Americas (Consolidated subsidiaries 55)
Canon Virginia, Inc.
Canon U.S.A., Inc.
Canon Canada Inc.
Canon Solutions America, Inc. Canon Financial Services, Inc. Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc.
Asia and Oceania (Consolidated subsidiaries 86)
Canon Dalian Business Machines, Inc.
Canon (Suzhou) Inc.
Canon Zhongshan Business Machines Co., Ltd.
Canon Zhuhai, Inc.
Canon Inc., Taiwan
Canon Vietnam Co., Ltd.
Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) Ltd.
Canon Prachinburi (Thailand) Ltd.
Canon Business Machines (Philippines), Inc.
Canon Opto (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
Canon Medical Systems Manufacturing Asia Sdn. Bhd. Canon (China) Co., Ltd.
Canon Hongkong Co., Ltd.
Canon Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Canon India Pvt. Ltd.
Canon Australia Pty. Ltd.
    *1 The company name was changed from Océ Technologies B.V. on January 1, 2020.
*2 The company name was changed from Océ Printing Systems GmbH & Co. KG on January 1, 2020.
Reference: Canon Group Directory https://global.canon/en/corporate/information/group/
Company Overview
 Company name ................... Canon Inc. Established........................... August 10, 1937
Headquarters ....................... 30-2, Shimomaruko 3-chome, Ohta-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chairman & CEO ................. Fujio Mitarai
Canon Inc. shareholders’
equity: Common stock......... ¥174,762 million
Group companies ................ 361 consolidated subsidiaries Affiliated companies
accounted for by ............... the equity-method
8
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 136

CANON INC.
30-2, Shimomaruko 3-chome, Ohta-ku, Tokyo 146-8501, Japan
global.canon ©Canon Inc. 2020 PUB.ECO016E 0720
