Social Contribution
Management Approach
Under our corporate philosophy of kyosei and through community relationships, we seek to find solutions to issues faced by communities around the globe.
 Canon’s Approach
Our world today is rife with complex social issues that include climate change, frequent natural disasters, poverty, and inequality. As expressed in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), companies have an increasingly important role to play in addressing these issues.
The spirit of contributing to society has been a part of Canon’s corporate culture since its founding. By contributing to resolving issues in each of the different communities where we operate, in line with the philosophy of kyosei, we believe that we can not only increase the level of trust enjoyed by our
Relationship with SDGs
Canon pursues social contribution activities in cooperation with the UN, NGOs, universities, and others, helping to achieve the following SDGs.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2
company but also contribute to the sustainable development of society.
Based on this approach, and in line with the Canon Group CSR Activity Policy (→P112), we seek to return to local communities the profit secured through our business activities and to meet social expectations by engaging in activities tailored to the characteristics and issues of different regions worldwide. This involves drawing on Group resources in our areas of strength, such as advanced technological capabilities, global business deployment expertise, and diverse, specialized human resources.
                  83 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Social Contribution Activities
We contribute to the sustainable development of local communities using technology and knowledge gained in business.
Young People Programme Harnesses the Power of Positive Visual Storytelling
As part of helping to realize a sustainable society, Canon Europe is developing the Young People Programme (YPP) to provide workshops that equip young people with the skills and tools to harness the power of positive visual storytelling, focusing on themes related to SDGs. In 2019, the YPP was held in 14 countries, including the UK, Belgium, South Africa, Germany and Lebanon. Since the programme was launched in 2015, it has supported more than 4,250 young people. The images created by the participants have been exhibited at the Visa pour l’Image International Festival of Photojournalism in France and the UN-sponsored Global Festival of Action in Germany.
One YPP participant, Neville Kgaugelo Ngomane of South Africa, was named Young Environmental Photographer of the Year in an international environmental photography competition organized by CIWEM*. His photographs have been featured in many media outlets.
* CIWEM: The Chartered Institution of Water and Environmental Management
Neville Kgaugelo Ngomane holding the award-winning work ©Wild Shot Outreach
Miraisha Programme Aims to Increase Employment Opportunities and Technical Skills in Africa
Canon Europe has been promoting its Miraisha Programme, a social investment initiative in Africa, since December 2014. Miraisha is a portmanteau of the Japanese word mirai, meaning future, and the Swahili word maisha, meaning life. Through the program, Canon
aims to improve the technical skills of and increase employment opportunities for local young people in Africa’s growing photography, video and print industries. Workshops in photography, film-making and professional printing have been conducted in several African countries, including Kenya, Ghana, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Uganda, Cameroon and Ivory Coast. Through partnerships with local organizations, educational institutions and event organizers, and with the assistance of Canon Ambassadors, the Miraisha Programme has so far provided training to more than 5,800 workshop participants. Canon has also organized a training program to develop local photographers and video producers as Canon-accredited trainers for the Miraisha Programme. In 2019, a total of 17 people were accredited as Canon Certified Miraisha trainers.
The 4E’s Project in India
Canon India carries out the 4E’s Project in cooperation with local NGO Humana People to People India. The project provides various forms of assistance in the fields of eye care, education, environment, and empowerment to impoverished villages in the vicinity of the Canon India office.
As a manufacturer of ophthalmic equipment, Canon is dedicated to making advancements in the field of eye care to assist people with vision impairment. In India, where cataracts are a major cause of visual impairment, it is thought that 80% of such cases are preventable or treatable. Canon India opens vision centers in selected villages to give eye examinations and provide treatment using equipment manufactured by Canon. A total of 2,978 people visited these centers in 2019, with 374 receiving free eyeglasses. A further 165 patients were referred for treatment in hospital, with 20 receiving cataract surgery.
Meanwhile, in the fields of education and support for self-reliance, Canon India employees used printed booklets and role play to teach children about health and hygiene based on knowledge the employees had acquired in lectures organized by the United Nations World Food Programme.
These activities won an award in the CSR Excellence category of the Mahatma Award, which recognizes individuals and organizations who have created an
 Canon Sustainability Report 2020 84

outstanding legacy in various areas of social contribution.
Examination at a vision center
Support for Education in Asia
Canon is helping to support the education of the next generation across Asia.
Targeting schools in regions with lagging infrastructure development, the Canon Group in Vietnam is involved in constructing classrooms and donating items such as desks, chairs and books. Employees regularly visit recipient schools to assist in the renovation of toilets, hand washing stations and other facilities, and to present donations of school supplies. Canon also collaborates with local universities to organize technology competitions and engages in other activities that contribute to improving Vietnam’s technology infrastructure.
Meanwhile, the Canon Group in Thailand continues with its program of using photography as a tool for voluntary activities at elementary schools. For 2019, more than 70 employees visited elementary schools to organize a wide range of activities, including classes in printing and photography, making photographic identity cards for students and school employees, and talks on nutritional science and recycling.
Elsewhere, Canon employees can make donations under a matching gift program. For example, since 1997 Canon Inc. has organized a Charity Book Fair to allow employees of the Canon Group in Japan to donate unwanted books, CDs and DVDs for sale at an in-house bazaar. The company matches the proceeds generated by the sale, and these funds are donated to organizations supporting education and medical services in Asia. Approximately ¥1.30 million was donated to four NGOs /NPOs in 2019.
Supporting Disaster Recovery Efforts
Fukushima Canon has concluded a 3-year agreement* with Fukushima Prefecture to participate in restoring the protective barrier of trees along the coast in the Kashima district of Minamisoma City (Fukushima Prefecture), which suffered damage in the Great East Japan Earthquake. In 2019, around 70 Fukushima Canon employees and family members planted 1,000 black pine seedlings and carried out weeding in the surrounding
area. It is hoped that this activity will serve to remind future generations of the day the area was hit by a tsunami of unimagined proportions, and at the same time encourage the community to value and preserve the protective tree barrier as a symbol of recovery.
* September 28, 2018 to March 31, 2021
Light & Color Laboratory Educational Program
Canon Inc. hosts a children’s educational program, Light & Color Laboratory, in partnership with the Japan Science Foundation. The program aims to spark children’s interest in science and technology by providing a place where they can enjoy learning. It explains the science behind the optics and color technologies in Canon products via an entertaining show format featuring various experiments. In 2019, a total of 7,688 children participated in the program.
Preserving Japanese Cultural Assets for the Future Through the Tsuzuri Project Canon and the Kyoto Culture Association (NPO) launched the Cultural Heritage Inheritance Project, commonly known as the Tsuzuri Project, in 2007.
The initiative seeks to make facsimiles of Japanese cultural assets such as folding screens and fusuma (Japanese sliding doors) by first photographing them with a digital camera, then processing the image with precise color-correction technology using a proprietary system, and printing the image on a large-format inkjet printer. Finally, with the application of traditional craft techniques from Kyoto, such as applying gold leaf and mounting, the facsimile, which is as close to the original as possible, is complete. These facsimiles are presented to former owners, related temples, museums, and local governments. Through the combination of conserving important Japanese cultural assets and using high- resolution facsimiles, the project contributes to preserving and communicating Japanese culture.
In 2019, the project donated 13 high-resolution facsimiles of works by Katsushika Hokusai to Tokyo’s Sumida Ward, where Hokusai spent much of his life, thus realizing a kind of homecoming. The originals are owned by the Smithsonian Institution Freer Gallery of Art in the United States, which has a policy that forbids any of the works in the collection from leaving the premises. The resulting exhibition held at the Sumida Hokusai Museum was entitled “The Tsuzuri Project: The Art of Hokusai, reproduced from the collection of the Freer Gallery of Art, Smithsonian Institution.”
By undertaking joint research with the National Center for the Promotion of Cultural Properties (NCPCP) to support the creation of high-resolution facsimiles, and by organizing artwork displays and educational programs with the Tokyo National Museum, Canon hopes to afford many people the opportunity to see such cultural assets
 85 Canon Sustainability Report 2020

Message from the CEOOverview of CanonActivities Based on Management StrategyManagement FoundationData SummaryMajor Awards, Citations, etc.Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
and experience a deeper understanding of Japanese culture. These initiatives were recognized with a special prize—the Award Granted by the Commissioner for Cultural Affairs—in the Japan Mécénat Awards* 2019.
* Mécénat Awards: Established in 1991 by the Association for Corporate Support of the Arts with the aim of stimulating corporate patronage (mécénat) of the arts and culture, the awards are presented every year to outstanding examples of such activity.
Reference: The Tsuzuri Project https://global.canon/en/tsuzuri/
The Tsuzuri Project (Cultural Heritage Inheritance Project) has been certified as a “Tokyo 2020 Official Programme (Cultural Olympiad)” by the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee.
High-resolution facsimile of “Six Tama Rivers” by Katsushika Hokusai (Sumida Hokusai Museum)
 Supporting Research Activities that Contribute to the Sustainable Development of Humankind Through the Canon Foundation
The Canon Foundation was established in 2008 with the aim of contributing to
the development of science and technology. Operating completely independently
 of Canon’s business activities, it provides wide-ranging assistance to science and technology research.
Over the past 11 years, the foundation has disbursed a total of 162 research grants totaling ¥2.9 billion. The foundation enjoys recognition from universities and public research institutions across Japan as a distinctive research grant foundation providing relatively high-value research funds—with an average project grant of around ¥18 million—to fledgling research projects and young researchers who have yet to establish a track record.
Grant recipient researchers at the 10th Research Grant Presentation Ceremony
In its funding decisions since 2019, the foundation’s aim has been to create new value for society by adopting an approach of supporting research that addresses cutting-edge fields of science and technology. Based on this concept, the foundation has taken a first step toward the new decade with two completely new programs: Science and Technology that Achieve a Good Future and Science and Technology that Create New Industries.
Reference: Canon Foundation website https://www.canon-foundation.jp/eng/index.htmlCanon Institute for Global Studies, Dedicated to Conquering the Problems Faced by Humankind
The Canon Institute for Global Studies (CIGS) is a non-profit private-sector think tank established in 2008 as a general incorporated foundation in commemoration of Canon Inc.’s 70th anniversary.
In this age of globalization, CIGS analyzes current conditions and positively
proposes strategies from the perspective of Japan’s position within the global
economy as well as what roles and responsibilities Japan should take for global
economic development. The institute brings together researchers with diverse
backgrounds in business, academia, and government to exchange ideas and
information and to expand its global activities. Focused on three main research
areas—macroeconomics; natural resources, energy, and the environment; foreign
affairs and national security—the institute disseminates information and policy proposals based on scientifically valuable research. It also provides a wide range of information to public through events as below.
Public events held in 2019
Reference: The Canon Institute for Global Studies https://www.canon-igs.org/en/index.html
 CIGS Lecture by Kunihiko Miyake (CIGS Research Director)Event
Theme
CIGS seminar by Kenji Kushida (CIGS International Research Fellow)
The essence of the AI revolution extends beyond AI: the history of technological innovation and “added value” from the viewpoint of Silicon ValleyCIGS Lecture by Kazuhito Yamashita (CIGS Research Director)Trade issues that are shaking the worldCIGS Lecture by Kunihiko Miyake (CIGS Research Director)2020: Thoughts on Japanese foreign and security policyCIGS International SymposiumGeoengineering and CCUS: Their Role in Managing Climate Change RisksCIGS Symposium on healthcare/welfare system reformNew World Trends: Population Health and New Technology for the Greatest GoodCIGS Special SymposiumArtificial Intelligence, Big Data and the Future of Public PolicyCanon Sustainability Report 2020 86