Materiality and SDGs
Canon’s Materiality-based Approach
Creating New Value and Solving Social IssuesRisks and Opportunities
Amid the various ongoing efforts being made globally to realize a more sustainable future, multiple challenges for companies remain.
The march of technical innovation and globalization is generating various threats to the safety and security of homes and businesses due to societal issues, ranging from cyber-attacks or terrorist acts that target concentrated urban populations to aging demographics and novel infectious outbreaks. Delaying the response to rapid societal changes poses a risk for business. In contrast, actively mitigating such risks can be an opportunity for companies to generate additional growth by looking to address societal issues in ways that add original value to people’s lives.
Utilizing the imaging technology Canon has cultivated over decades through the camera business, we supply a variety of products and services such as network cameras that contribute to a safe, secure society. We are also striving to develop cutting-edge medical technology for early diagnosis of diseases so that people can enjoy a high quality of life and enriched lifestyles even into old age. Addressing such issues with innovation that is in tune with local community needs and responsive to societal changes helps us fulfil our social responsibility while also enhancing the sustainability of Canon’s operations and of society.
The results of Canon’s stakeholder questionnaire survey identify areas where stakeholders expect the most from Canon in terms of “Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues.” In descending order, these are: development of medical technology that contributes to human health and the prevention of disease; development of products and technologies that lead to affluence and delight for people in the fields of photography and imaging; advancing security technology to contribute to the safety and security of society; and developing technology that boosts industrial productivity. Based on the concerns of stakeholders, we are promoting related initiatives under the four themes of “Meeting diversified needs in commercial printing,” “Creating a safe and secure society,” “Expanding our medical business,” and “Supporting industrial innovation.”
Top 5 Stakeholder Expectations (Creating New Value and Solving Social Issues)
Development of medical technology that contributes to human health and the prevention of disease
Development of products and technologies that lead to affluence and delight for people in the fields of photography and imaging
Advancing security technology to contribute to the safety and security of society
Developing technology that boosts industrial productivity
Making technological contributions to high-level academic research
Approach
We are building Canon’s new business foundation around our traditional mainstays of office equipment and digital cameras plus our four new businesses: commercial printing, network cameras, medical, and industrial equipment. We are working to create new value by leveraging our collaboration with newly acquired Group companies by utilizing their technical expertise, sales networks, human capital, and other resources. We also continue to promote joint development and open innovation with top research institutions such as universities and other companies in Japan and overseas, while also seeking to supply products and services tailored to various needs.
Relationship with SDGs
Through our wide-ranging business activities, technologies, products, solutions and services, Canon, along with our customers and business partners, contributes to the achievement of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) listed below.
       15 Canon Sustainability Report 2020