 Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
Canon promotes activities worldwide based on the Biodiversity Policy.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) Targets
* Target 15.2: Promote the implementation of sustainable management of all types of forests, halt deforestation, restore degraded forests and substantially increase afforestation and reforestation globally
Target 15.5: Take urgent and significant action to reduce the degradation of natural habitats, halt the loss of biodiversity and, by 2020, protect and prevent the extinction of threatened species Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
• Biodiversity Policy, Basic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
• Canon Bird Branch Project
• Preservation of natural habitats and biodiversity
• Forest preservation, tree-planting initiativesTarget 15.2Target 15.5
  Target 15.5
   Target 15.5
  Target 15.2
 Canon’s Biodiversity Policy
Canon recognizes biodiversity as essential for a sustainable society. We carry out various activities to conserve and protect biodiversity under our Biodiversity Policy, which applies to the entire Canon Group.
Initiatives to Support Continuous Use of Sustainable Forestry Resources within Value Chain
To help support biodiversity, Canon promotes the use of sustainable forestry resources as the raw materials for paper production within the value chain. We have set procurement policies favoring the purchase of paper products derived from sustainably sourced wood pulp. Moreover, the office paper we sell is made under forest certification schemes or using environmentally conscious raw materials.Biodiversity Policy
Basic Policy
Canon fully recognizes biodiversity as an important basis for a sustainable society, and promotes activities that contribute to biodiversity conservation.
Action Guidelines
• Canon strives to conserve biodiversity with consideration for various regional characteristics from a global perspective.
• Canon actively works to reduce the impact on biodiversity associated with various business activities, and to conduct social-contribution activities that lead to biodiversity conservation.
Specific Actions
• “Utilization of Canon technologies and products for biodiversity conservation”
Support for biodiversity conservation activities and projects
• “Consideration for biodiversity centered on operational sites”
Ascertaining the impact of our business activities on biodiversity, and conservation of animal and plant habitats around operational sites
• “Contribution to the realization of a community rich in biodiversity”
Promotion of biodiversity conservation activities and educational activities in collaboration with local communitiesBasic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
1. Use sustainable forest materials
In its procurement of timber products, the Canon Group uses materials supplied from forest resources managed exclusively for use as timber products.
2. Trace the origin of forest resources used
We seek the cooperation of business partners to ensure the traceability of products throughout the manufacturing process, from the harvest of raw materials onward.
3. Confirm evidence of traceability
Canon works with its business partners to ensure the traceability of materials used in Canon products (or OEM products) and their packaging that are subject to timber product regulations in each country.
59 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Message from the CEOOverview of CanonActivities Based on Management StrategyManagement FoundationData SummaryMajor Awards, Citations, etc.Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Group Initiatives to Conserve Biodiversity
Canon Bird Branch Project
Biodiversity refers to the way living things interact as they coexist on earth. Within this sphere, birds occupy the top position in a local ecosystem pyramid of plants, insects, and small animals, symbolizing the cycle of life. Canon promotes the Bird Branch Project as a symbol of the activities it conducts based on its Biodiversity Policy. With the collaboration of local branches of the Wild Bird Society of Japan, we carry out regular on-site bird surveys at our operating sites in Japan, set up nesting boxes and bird baths, and take other measures to create a conducive habitat for wild birds. We also engage in active sharing of information, for instance by operating a relevant website and leading wild birdwatching tours open to employees and non- employees. Similarly at our overseas operating sites, we carry out surveys of wild bird breeding activity and set up nesting boxes and winter-time bird feeders as part of a varied program of wild bird protection activities. Through these activities, the whole Group will continue to engage in initiatives that not only help in preserving biodiversity but at the same time send out a message about its importance.
Reference: Canon Bird Branch Project website https://global.canon/en/environment/bird-branch/index.html
Lunchtime wild birdwatching tour
Canon Canada Branch Out
Canon Canada’s Branch Out Program gives employees at all levels the opportunity to help create green spaces and sustainable environments in their local communities. Branch Out began as a tree-planting program in 2014, but has evolved to include a wide range of sustainability activities, including cleaning up parks, rivers and shorelines, removing invasive plant species, restoring habitats and constructing turtle shelters. All employees from Canon Canada’s 13
offices, from Toronto to Quebec City and Vancouver, are encouraged to participate, sparing a few hours from their work schedule to volunteer. Since the start of the program, employees have volunteered more than 9,700 hours in 68 locations across the country. Their achievements so far include planting more than 36,000 trees and shrubs, removing 7,000 m3 of non- native vegetation and restoring shoreline. In 2019, Canon Canada was recognized as one of Canada’s Greenest Employers by Canada’s Top 100 Employers Project, a partnership with the Globe and Mail newspaper. Companies who receive this designation are recognized for leading the way in creating cultures of environmental awareness.
  River cleaning activity
Activity to Protect the Natural Environment in Partnership with Local Communities (Vietnam)
Canon Vietnam carries out activities to protect the natural environment in various regions of Vietnam. In 2019, around 80 employees took part in a tree- planting initiative in the Cuc Phuong National Park in Ninh Binh Province near Hanoi. With the support of the national park’s Turtle Conservation Center, they also built nests, cleaned up habitats, provided feed, and carried out other activities to help protect the rare turtles, which are threatened with extinction due to poaching, destruction of the natural environment, and other factors.
  Employees who volunteered in activities to protect the natural environment
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 60