Major Awards, Citations, etc.Third-Party Opinion / AssuranceResponding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen
Risks and Opportunities
Although the spread of globalization has helped to enrich the lives of people around the world, on the flipside new issues are emerging. These include greater mobility demand, less favorable labor conditions, and widening poverty and inequality gaps.
These global societal issues have various effects on the sustainable development of Canon’s business worldwide. For example, poverty, education gaps and other societal issues not only inhibit market growth, but also pose a risk to the recruitment and retention of the human resources required to expand operations. Moreover, serious product quality issues that affect customer safety can have a significant impact due to any loss of business opportunities caused by brand damage or erosion of trust.
However, contributions made by Canon to addressing issues facing local communities where we are developing our business add value. By utilizing our advanced technical expertise and global workforce, we gain not only the trust of local communities, but also opportunities to grow the business. By cultivating workplaces to enable individual employees to fulfill their potential, we also build the enthusiasm of employees, which leads to the sustainable development of the Canon Group.
Besides supporting initiatives to encourage active roles for female employees and working to implement measures that improve better work-life balance, the survey shows that stakeholder expectations of Canon are highest in terms of ensuring product quality and consideration toward employees for child and elder care. Aiming to foster the sustained growth of the Canon Group, we are sincerely developing initiatives within the materiality theme of “Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen.”
Top 5 Stakeholder Expectations (Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen)
Initiatives to support active roles of female employees
Enhancement of policies aimed at realizing work-life balance for employees
Maintenance and improvement of employees’ occupational safety and health, physical health and mental health
Assurance product safety
Consideration toward employees engaged in childcare and nursing care
Approach
Recognizing these risks and opportunities, we are engaged in related activities, as outlined below.
Human Rights and Labor
We are working to ensure all employees can enjoy workplaces in which individuals with varied backgrounds and values are respected and each employee feels secure and highly motivated to work. Our various initiatives in this area are divided into the subthemes of “Respecting Human Rights,” “Hiring and Treatment of Human Resources,” “Diversity and Inclusion,” “Occupational Safety and Health Support,” and “Human Resource Development and Personal Growth” (→P61-74).
Product Responsibility
We are seeking to build customer trust by focusing on the areas of “Quality Management,” “Ensuring Product Safety,” and “Improving Product Usability” (→P75-82).
Social Contribution
Canon is developing activities that utilize in-house technology, business expertise and human resources covering the fields of “Humanitarian Aid and Disaster Relief,” “Environmental Conservation,” “Social Welfare,” “Local Communities,” “Education and Science,” and “Art, Culture and Sports” (→P83-86).
Relationship with SDGs
Our activities in the three fields of “Human Rights and Labor,” “Product Responsibility,” and “Social Contribution” are closely related to the achievement of SDGs as outlined below.
              1
Items
   2
  3
  4
  5
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 18