Creating a Safe and Secure Society
Management Approach
Leveraging its expertise in network visual solutions and social infrastructure inspection, Canon is helping to build resilient and sustainable urban infrastructure by ensuring enhanced public safety and security.
 Canon’s Approach
Having positioned network cameras as one of its new core businesses under Phase V of its Excellent Global Corporation Plan, Canon is working to enhance its product lineup and to reinforce its solutions and development capabilities. This involves the integration of core camera technologies developed over many years, including optical, sensor and imaging engine technologies as well as video content analytic software, with the network management and cloud services that have been cultivated in MFP development.
The network camera market continues to grow due to increasing security demand as well as replacement of analog products with digital models. Market forecasts indicate double-digit growth over the medium and long term. To date, Canon’s network camera business has achieved average growth of over 15%, outpacing the market. We have also grown our partner network in the field to an industry-leading 90,000 companies.
A major issue in Japan has been development of a safe and secure infrastructure, both to support large- scale sporting events such as the Rugby World Cup 2019 (TM) and the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, and to respond to natural disasters associated with climate change. Amid social adoption of IoT technologies, Canon aims to promote development of social infrastructure by providing
Relationship with SDGs
Canon’s efforts to create a safe and secure society are contributing to the realization of SDG 11: “make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable.” By providing optimized solutions for various customers including governments and commercial facilities, Canon seeks to satisfy social demand for safe, resilient and sustainable urban infrastructure.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2 GRI103-3
high-quality, high-performance network cameras, along with video content analytic software to analyze the vast amounts of videos from network cameras quickly and accurately.
We have pursued an M&A strategy to accelerate development and strengthen our set-up in this area. Axis, a major player in the network camera industry from Sweden, and Milestone, a leading Denmark-based supplier of global video management software, have both joined the Canon Group. In 2018, we also welcomed BriefCam, a leading company in video content analytic software from Israel. Going forward, by strengthening collaboration and accelerating technical integration with these companies, we are aiming to develop network visual solutions for application in a variety of fields, including health, nursing care, education, transport, and urban infrastructure.
Canon has put AI technology to practical use for detecting cracks in concrete structures as part of addressing the global issue of obsolete and aging infrastructure such as bridges and tunnels. Combining imaging and AI technologies to create accurate inspection data efficiently, Canon’s crack detection service significantly increases the efficiency of infrastructure inspections, contributing to the realization of a safe and secure society.
        31 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Message from the CEOOverview of CanonActivities Based on Management StrategyManagement FoundationData SummaryMajor Awards, Citations, etc.Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Examples of Value Creation
Network Cameras Support the Maintenance of Law and Order and Contribute to the Safety and Security of Society
The ME20F-SHN, an ultra-high-sensitivity network camera equipped with Canon’s proprietary 35mm full-frame CMOS sensor, makes color video capture possible in low-light environments that had been difficult for conventional network cameras. Its ultra- high sensitivity enables to capture video even when there is hardly any light where a subject would not be visible to the naked eye, allowing it to effectively monitor critical facilities or border crossings, as well as disaster sites during the night.
Network cameras installed outdoors for crime- prevention or disaster-monitoring purposes operate under highly variable natural conditions. Canon developed Hydrophilic Coating II to suppress the loss of visibility due to rain or dirt. Cameras equipped with this coating maintain clear visibility even during and after rainfall.
With a range of potential applications, Canon’s network cameras help to promote public safety day and night and regardless of the weather.
Video Content Analytic Software to Meet Safety and Security Needs
The network camera market has stimulated demand for solutions to record and analyze captured videos. Canon is promoting the development of video content analytic software products to support value-added solutions in sectors such as security, customer service and marketing.
To enhance the utility of videos captured by network cameras, Canon developed People Counter, a video content analytic software that can count from a small number of people to approximately 1,500 people, and,
in 2019 we introduced Crowd People Counter for Milestone XProtect, a video content analysis software that can count thousands of people in real time even in crowded conditions. The software uses enhanced crowd counting AI that leverages deep learning to count numbers of people in crowded areas, which can assist in deployment of security personnel or related security planning for public spaces or urban surveillance. It can also help authorities to provide appropriate instructions at large venues, events, or in disaster situations.
Monitor screen indicating crowd count
While the use of network camera video is expanding, privacy concerns exist around its use. Canon has developed Moving Object Mask, video content analytic software that helps to realize both the respect of privacy and monitoring for the safety in areas where network cameras are operating by silhouetting people within the video feed.
In providing video analytics solutions combining video content analytic software with video from high- quality, high-definition network cameras, Canon is contributing to the creation of a safe and secure society.
  Applying Video Synopsis® Technology for Efficient Video Analysis
The rapid adoption of network cameras has necessitated development of a method for efficiently extracting specific data from the vast quantity of video generated. BriefCam’s video content analytic (VCA) software utilizing its proprietary Video Synopsis technology enables videos captured at different times to be superimposed and displayed at the same time, thus shortening the video stream to roughly 3–5% of its original length. It gives the user instant access to videos of interest by enabling video images to be filtered by object
  size, color or various other characteristics.
Functions to boost the efficiency of video analytics
include the automatic charting of results using various filters, heat mapping, and alert functions based on characteristics or movement of objects.
Original 30-minute video compressed to review in 53 seconds
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 32