Supporting Industrial Innovation
Management Approach
We are contributing to next-generation semiconductor and electronic equipment manufacturing by applying proprietary optical and image-processing technologies.
 Canon’s Approach
Semiconductor chips, which are often likened to the brain of electronic equipment, are an essential part of modern life due to their presence in equipment ranging from smartphones and PCs to televisions, air conditioners and automobiles. In line with the Society 5.0* vision promoted by the Japanese government, the key to a future sustainable society will be the use of data through innovative science and technology such as AI, IoT and robots. This is expected to drive further evolution of semiconductor chips and demand expansion.
Advancing the expansion of B-to-B operations as part of Phase V of its Excellent Global Corporation Plan, Canon aims to create new value by using proprietary optical and image-processing technologies developed over many years in the industrial machinery field.
In semiconductor manufacturing, building on conventional lithographic approaches as high-end device manufacturing moves into the IoT era, Canon is working to establish nanoimprint technology to achieve semiconductor-device miniaturization at lower cost.
In other sectors, OLED panel manufacturing equipment (Canon Tokki) and sputtering equipment
Relationship with SDGs
Through the expansion of business in the industrial machinery sector, Canon is contributing to the realization of SDG 9: “build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation.” Besides promoting increased efficiency for existing industries, we also aim to foster innovation that is continually adaptive of changes in society as part of our active contribution to the development of new industries.
GRI102-11 GRI102-15 GRI103-1 GRI103-2 GRI103-3
(Canon ANELVA) are supporting the front line of manufacturing.
In addition, in the field of factory automation, we are advancing our development for system solutions. We will accelerate our collaboration with robot manufacturers in a bid to help increase industrial manufacturing productivity.
* Society 5.0 is the Japanese government’s vision for a new form of society in which scientific and technical innovations such as AI, IoT, robots and big data are integrated widely across industry and society as part of realizing this new future society.
       Sputtering equipment (Canon ANELVA)
  35 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Message from the CEOOverview of CanonActivities Based on Management StrategyManagement FoundationData SummaryMajor Awards, Citations, etc.Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
Examples of Value Creation
Technology Supporting Enriched Lifestyles
The functionality and memory capacity of semiconductor devices continue to rise as chip manufacturers adopt more complex circuit patterns and large-scale integration. Canon supplies lithography equipment for semiconductor mass production. Our focus is on the use of nanoimprint lithography, groundbreaking technology for stamping circuit patterns onto wafers at high resolution rather than following the conventional lithographic approach. This will support process migration while also achieving significant reductions in manufacturing costs. Our semiconductor lithography equipment using nanoimprint technology is currently installed at a leading chip manufacturer, where its suitability for mass-production purposes is being assessed.
Nanoimprint semiconductor lithography equipment in testing for mass production use at a memory chip manufacturer
Moreover, Canon ANELVA manufactures sputtering equipment employing high-vacuum thin-film process technology for use in semiconductor production, and it is the world’s sole supplier of sputtering equipment for hard disk drive (HDD) head production. In addition, equipment supplied by Canon ANELVA is helping to boost performance while dramatically reducing production costs for communications devices used in high-speed 5G networks.
With demand for OLED displays on the rise, the OLED panel manufacturing equipment developed and manufactured by Canon Tokki has become a critical component in production processes. Demand is expected to grow in the future as these displays offer new possibilities in smartphones, televisions and other electronic devices for thin-light and foldable forms. Based on overwhelming technological superiority compared to competitors in the OLED panel- manufacturing field, Canon is working to create innovative value to cater to rising demand for OLED displays for use in various products.
OLED panel manufacturing equipment developed and manufactured by Canon Tokki
Technology Supporting Innovation in Manufacturing
Canon is focusing efforts on the field of factory automation (FA), where demand has grown in recent years due to rising labor costs combined with labor shortages. Responding to these market trends, we are developing the Canon Industrial Imaging Platform as a system solution for shop floor visualization. By combining imaging technologies used in network cameras and industrial cameras with image-processing technology, we aim to support greater automation of production while helping to boost productivity. In 2019, we launched Vision Edition-U image-processing software that is compatible with collaborative robots made by Universal Robots and Canon network cameras. The image acquisition and processing capabilities of the software add value by enhancing the robots’ operational capabilities from the laboratory to the shop floor, enabling development of automation solutions for various factory environments. Going forward, we plan to collaborate with varied partners to help automate production facilities and increase productivity.
   Canon Sustainability Report 2020 36