 Contributing to a Circular Economy
Canon promotes both reductions in resource consumption and product-to-product recycling.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Targets
    Contributing to
a Circular Economy
• Designing more compact and more lightweight products
• Remanufacturing products
• Recycling consumables
• Reducing waste through prevention, reuse and recycling
• Using sustainable water resources
Target 12.2
Target 12.2 Target 12.2
Target 12.4 Target 6.3
Target 12.5
Target 12.5 Target 12.5
Target 12.5 Target 6.4
              * Target 12.2: Achieve sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources
Target 12.4: Achieve environmentally sound management of chemicals and all waste throughout their lifecycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and significantly reduce their release to air, water, and soil
Target 12.5: Substantially reduce waste generation through prevention, reduction, recycling, and reuse
Target 6.3: Improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, and substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally
Target 6.4: Substantially increase water-use efficiency
Resource Recycling at Canon
Canon pursues product-to-product recycling—in other words, recycling used products into new ones. In particular, we have emphasized such initiatives as closed-loop recycling of toner cartridges and the remanufacturing of office multifunction devices— collecting them post-use and making them into products with good-as-new quality. Currently, Canon has five sites conducting recycling, in Japan, Europe (two sites), the United States, and China. We are continuing initiatives aimed at circulating resources within the same regions where they are consumed.
Since 2008, we have taken 37,917 tons of plastics from used products for recycling as raw materials, and another 30,690 tons of products and parts were reused directly.
Product-to-Product Recycling Amounts (Cumulative)
■ Amount of reused products and components ■ Amount of product-to-product plastic
(t)
    Flowchart of Canon’s Circular Economy
80,000 70,000 60,000 50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
68,607
37,917
30,690
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
       Collection of used parts
Reused parts
* Product recycling initiatives have been ongoing since before 2007. Data are based on 2008 as the baseline year.
      Products made from reused parts and recycled plastic parts
Recycling site
Canon Recycling Sites Worldwide
      Plastic parts made from recycled material
Canon Dalian Business Machines, Inc. (China)
Canon Eco Technology Park* (Japan)
Canon Virginia, Inc. (Americas)
Closed recycling
  Canon Giessen GmbH Canon Bretagne S.A.S. (Europe)
  51 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Open material recycling and energy recovery
* Operated by Canon Ecology Industry Inc.
 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Receipt of Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award in the 28th Grand Prize for the Global Environment Awards
In the 28th Grand Prize for the Global Environment Awards, sponsored by the Fujisankei Communications Group, the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award was presented to the Canon Eco Technology Park with Canon Recycling Technologies for “efforts for social issue resolution toward the creation of a circular economy.” We are committed to continuing technological innovation for more effective use of our limited resources.
Canon Eco Technology Park
 State-of-the-Art Automated Recycling Plant Built at Canon Eco Technology Park In February 2018, we opened the Canon Eco Technology Park. Based on a “clean and silent” design concept which overturns the traditional image of recycling operations, the facility features advanced systems to boost recycling efficiency further. The Canon Automated Recycling System for Toner Cartridges (CARS-T) is a process whereby used toner cartridges are crushed and the materials automatically separated for recycling of the main component, high-impact polystyrene (HIPS). The sorting purity of the recycled plastic reaches 99% or greater* with the intensive use of various separation technologies at the different stages of the process. With the Canon Automated Recycling System for Ink Cartridges (CARS-I), a camera- based automatic sorting process is used on the used ink cartridges. The process line is automated, yielding an integrated process for the recycling of ink cartridges from disassembly and pulverization to washing. Separated materials are reused for ink cartridge components, materials for pallets used in logistics, or in stationery products. Any resources that cannot be recycled through product-to-product recycling are diverted to material recycling or thermal recovery processes to help maximize resource efficiency.
* 99% or greater based on Canon’s in-house sorting method
CARS-T
CARS-I
Initiatives for Efficient Use of Resources
Recycling-Conscious Design
To achieve effective use of our limited resources, environmentally conscious design is a necessary tool. Starting from the design and development stage, Canon gives careful consideration to the whole process through to collection and recycling of end-of-life products.
Our Environmentally Conscious Design Guidance summarizes the considerations that need to be addressed at the product design stage, including product-related environmental laws and regulations, Green Public Procurement standards, and environmental labeling standards in the different countries where we sell our products. It sets out concrete guidelines covering a range of areas, such as extending product life, making products easier to maintain, disassemble, and sort into constituent materials after disassembly, and improving information disclosure.
Designing Smaller and Lighter Products
Canon is making efforts across a wide range of product types to make its products smaller and lighter to help reduce the consumption of resources in the form of raw materials.
Released for sale in 2019, the EOS RP digital mirrorless camera with interchangeable lens features high image resolution, speedy autofocus, and multiple photographic functions as part of a complete performance package, yet at the same time realizes a light weight of around 485g (including battery/card), less than a beginner’s single-lens reflex camera, making this the most compact and most lightweight model in the Canon full-frame EOS series.
In the PIXMA series of inkjet printers, the new TR703 model achieves an approximately 18% reduction in the
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 52

 floor area required for installation compared to the previous iP7230 model thanks to the new architecture. The compacter dimensions are accompanied by a weight reduction of approximately 18%.
Reference: Canon’s Environmentally Friendly Products https://global.canon/en/environment/products/index.html
Remanufacturing of Multifunction Devices
Since 1992, Canon has undertaken remanufacturing of used multifunction devices. We collect used devices and break them down into parts, which are washed and cleaned using optimal techniques. Following strict reuse standards, we replace any parts that show wear or deterioration. The production line and inspection processes used are on a par with those for devices made only with new parts. When a remanufactured device is shipped, it is guaranteed to offer the same level of quality as a new product.
We market remanufactured devices from the imageRUNNER ADVANCE series under the Refreshed series brand in Japan and under the EQ80 series brand in Europe.
Canon Giessen (Germany)
In 2019, Canon launched sales of a new product under the Refreshed series brand, the imageRUNNER ADVANCE C3330F-RG, a special environmentally conscious model with an increased reused parts ratio.
Using meticulous washing and cleaning processes, with sandblast polishing* to remove the smallest imperfections and other special treatments, a reused parts ratio of over 90% has been achieved.
* A technique for polishing resin surfaces by blasting with microparticles
Toner Cartridge Closed-Loop Recycling
In 1990, Canon launched its Toner Cartridge Recycling Program, the first such program in the industry. The program is continuing operating today.
Returned used toner cartridges are brought to Canon recycling sites, where they are sorted by model and the reusable parts are picked out. Washing and maintenance are performed as needed, and the parts are then reused in new products. Parts that cannot be reused are crushed and separated by material using physical characteristics such as electrostatic properties and specific gravity.
The primary material of toner cartridges is the high- impact polystyrene (HIPS) used primarily for the housing. HIPS can be used repeatedly to make new toner cartridges a unique feature of Canon’s closed- loop recycling process.
We conduct used toner cartridge collection in 23 countries and regions (with a cumulative collection volume of about 424,000 tons as of the end of 2019) for recycling at four sites*, in Japan, the United States, France, and China (recycling in the same region where the product is used).
Thanks to our recycling initiatives, as of 2019 we have achieved a cumulative reduction in the use of new resources of approximately 296,000 tons.
* Toner cartridge recycling sites
Japan: Canon Ecology Industry
United States: Canon Virginia
France: Canon Bretagne
China: Canon Dalian Business Machines
Used Toner Cartridge Collection Volume (Cumulative)
     Reused parts ratio
93.8% Before
After
(10,000t)
45
30
15
0
Cumulative 424,000 tons
2019 (Year)
      imageRUNNER ADVANCE C3330F-RG
53 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
Sandblast polishing to remove surface marks
1990 1995 2000 2005 2010

         Message from Overview of Canon Activities Based on the CEO Management Strategy
Collection and Recycling of Ink Cartridges
Canon has been collecting and recycling used ink cartridges since 1996. As of the end of 2019, Canon’s collecting program was operational in 35 countries and regions worldwide, and the total volume of cartridges that had been collected up to the end of 2019 reached 2,395 tons.
In Japan, Canon is part of the Ink Cartridge Satogaeri (Homecoming) Project, a joint program by printer manufacturers to collect cartridges via boxes placed in post offices, libraries, and other local government facilities. Schools also collect cartridges through activities related to the Bellmark Campaign.
Outside Japan, we place cartridge collection boxes in large retail stores, affiliate sales outlets, shopping malls, companies, schools, libraries, train stations, Canon service stores, Canon showrooms, and other locations, depending on the circumstances in each country or region.
Reference: Ink Cartridge Satogaeri Project (Japanese website only) https://cweb.canon.jp/ecology/satogaeri/index.html
Reference: Collection activities related to the Bellmark Campaign (Japanese website only) https://cweb.canon.jp/ecology/bellmark/index.html
Used Ink Cartridge Collection Volume (Cumulative)
Data Summary Major Awards, Third-Party Citations, etc. Opinion / Assurance
At overseas operating sites likewise, to reduce the use of disposable plastics, we have invited expert speakers from outside to give talks to educate and raise awareness. We have also discontinued the sale in the workplace of water in plastic bottles and supplied staff with re-usable bottles and cups. These are part of the Group’s concerted initiatives to tackle social issues.
Initiatives to Reduce Waste at Operational Sites
Reducing Waste
Canon is working hard to reduce the amount of waste it generates. Efforts include increasing recycling through sorting and collection and minimizing initial waste generation.
In particular, we have sought to determine which factors most significantly affect waste generation for each division and each production process. Based on these findings, by an actual versus forecast comparison, we have implemented a number of ongoing initiatives to curb waste generation.
In 2019, we worked at all operational sites to reduce waste generation and promote internal recycling. As a result, total waste generation was reduced by 3,246 tons year on year to 114,541 tons.
(t) 2,500
2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
Cumulative 2,395 tons
2019 (Year)
Total Waste Generated
■ Total waste generated (Japan, exc. assets)
■ Total waste generated (outside Japan, exc. assets) (t)
Management Foundation
   150,000
100,000 99,638
112,850 117,787 114,541
   98,417
54,691
54,170
50,657
 1996 2000
2005 2010
48,830 47,800
   * Data scope is worldwide. Figures include cartridges for large-format inkjet printers and compact photo printers.
Action to Deal with Marine Plastics
There is growing public concern over the single-use plastics that are held to be a cause of marine pollution. In response, Canon uses its internal Environmental Exhibition (P45) to share in-house examples of best practice in product packaging with planning and development staff in all business divisions. In addition to product-related initiatives of this kind, we are addressing the issue of disposable plastics on other fronts, for instance in the straws, cups, and other utensils issued at staff canteens. In such areas we are seeking to switch to substitute materials or reduce the amounts used.
50,000
0
  50,808
50,617
58,159
63,617
63,885
 2015
2016 2017 2018 2019
(Year)
* Figures for 2017 onwards include data for Canon Medical.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 54

Initiatives Related to In-House Waste Recycling and Outside Resource Recovery
Canon actively works to reduce the amount of waste originating from its operations and to reuse or recycle waste where possible, appropriately disposing of any waste that can be neither reused nor recycled in accordance with the law.
Our various operational sites employ a range of in-house recycling schemes, including reprocessing waste plastic from injection molding or recycling it for other items.
Even in the case of waste that must be sent outside
the company, we make sure it does not enter landfills*.
Rather, we contract with companies that reprocess waste
into materials. In 2019, contracted companies processed
110,955 tons of waste from Canon back into materials.
* Except for some general waste generated by business activities that is disposed of under government oversight.
Aiming for Sustainable Water Resources
Water Risk in Regions Where Canon Production Sites Are Located
Canon assesses locations to confirm available water intake volume before establishing operational sites and facilities. We use the AQUEDUCT water-risk mapping tool provided by the World Resources Institute* for quantitative evaluation and reconfirmation of water risk in regions where production sites are located, and work to reduce water consumption in response to local conditions. Meanwhile, in some regions, an increase in abnormal weather patterns has increased the risk of flood damage. We have already begun implementing appropriate responses to climate change, for instance by building Plant No. 2 at our Thai production base on raised ground. Going forward, we will continue our progress with the formulation and updating of risk response plans.
* World Resources Institute: WRI is an independent institute based in the United States that conducts policy research and provides technical assistance concerning environmental and development issues around the world.
Water Risk (Quantitative) in Regions Containing Major Production Sites
Reducing Water Usage
Canon collects water data by intake source (public water system, industrial water system, or groundwater) and manages water resources carefully so as not to exceed intake limits for the different regions in which it operates. We also set and manage targets for the volume of water used in production, and constantly strive to reduce water usage by improving production processes and raising water-usage efficiency.
Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) Acquires Gold Level Certification in the Water Conservation Awards
Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand)’s Nakhonratchasima Plant won recognition for its initiatives in areas such as reduction of water consumption and preservation of water quality, and acquired Gold Level certification in 2019 in the Water Conservation Awards sponsored by the Thai Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment.
Water Recycling at Production Sites
Canon promotes the recycling of water resources.
The Kitsuki Plant of Oita Canon Materials Inc. is located on Beppu Bay, home to precious natural resources and habitats. In consideration of the impact on the ecosystem, the plant employs a closed wastewater system that discharges nothing but rainwater.
In 2019, we worked at all operational sites to reduce water consumption and promote recycling.
As a result, total water consumption decreased by 513 TCM year on year to 9,212 TCM.
 Use of Water Resources
■ Volume of water resources used: Japan
■ Volume of water resources used: Outside Japan (1,000m3)
  China
Shenzhen, Zhuhai, Zhongshan: 1-2 Suzhou: 3-4
Dalian: 4-5
12,000
9,000
6,000
3,000
0
9,737
4,434
5,303
2015
9,410 4,201
5,209
2016
9,706 9,725 4,283 4,198
5,423 5,527
2017 2018
9,212 3,977
5,235
2019 (Year)
                Sweden: 2-3 Germany
Giessen: 0-1
Poing: 2-3 France: 3-4 Netherlands: 3-4
0-1: Low risk
1-2: Low to medium risk 2-3: Medium to high risk 3-4: High risk
4-5: Extremely high risk
Japan: 2-3, 3-4
Vietnam: 2-3, 3-4 Malaysia: 2-3 Philippines: 3-4 Thailand: 4-5 Taiwan: 2-3
U.S.
Virginia: 3-4
      * Result of “physical risk quantity” assessment of production sites (as of end of 2019) using AQUEDUCT water risk mapping tool (Version 3, published August 2019)
55 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
* Figures for 2017 onwards include data for Canon Medical.
* Figures of volume of water resources used for 2018 onwards obtain third
party verification.

 Message from the CEO
 Overview of Canon
 Activities Based on Management Strategy
 Management Foundation
 Data Summary
 Major Awards, Citations, etc.
 Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
 Eliminating Hazardous Substances and Preventing Pollution
Canon thoroughly manages chemical substances in products and those used in manufacturing processes.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) Targets
* Target 12.4: Achieve the environmentally sound management of chemicals and all waste throughout their lifecycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and significantly reduce their release to air, water, and soil
Target 6.3: Improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, and substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally
  Eliminating hazardous substances and preventing pollution
• Managing chemicals contained in products, meeting international standards
• Managing chemical substances in production processes
• Reducing discharges into the air, water and soil
• Green supply chain
Target 12.4 Target 12.4
Target 12.4
        Target 12.4
Target 6.3
   Canon’s Approach to Managing Chemical Substances
Canon strictly manages chemical substances in products as well as those used in manufacturing processes. Our basic approach to management involves confirming products do not contain regulated chemical substances that exceed the prescribed standard and production sites do not emit regulated chemical substances that exceed the prescribed standard.
Management of Chemical Substances in Products
Canon has built a Group-wide environmental assurance system for managing chemical substances in products. Taking the laws and major environmental- labeling requirements around the world into consideration, we established in-house standards in line with the most stringent regulations in the world.
Specifically, our management system classifies chemical substances into three categories: “prohibited substances,” which cannot be used in products; “use- restricted substances,” for which we are working to find alternatives by specific deadlines; and, “controlled substances,” the amount of which should be monitored.
Utilization and Development of the chemSHERPA System for Information Sharing on Chemical Substances
To manage chemical substances appropriately, it is important to share information on the chemical substances contained in materials, parts, and products accurately and efficiently along the supply chain from upstream to downstream, and to ensure compliance with all applicable regulations.
In the past, companies each employed their own
survey formats to request the suppliers for the information about chemical substances in products, which meant that suppliers were requested to respond to their customers multiple times in different formats even with regard to the same parts or chemicals. This situation incurred substantial burden on and costs to the entire supply chain. Furthermore, using such a variety of survey formats gave rise to concerns about the decreased reliability of data as it was communicated across the supply chain.
Amid such circumstances, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (Japan) decided to sponsor chemSHERPA (chemical information SHaring and Exchange under Reporting PArtnership in supply chain) as a common platform for sharing information, facilitating the seamless transmission of information between companies to confirm compliance with regulations on chemical substances in products.
Applying the IEC62474* international standard, the chemSHERPA data scheme enables the management of compliance verifications for chemical substance regulations for each material and part. It is expected to enable more effective verifications as well, since revisions to regulations are updated in a timely manner.
Having previously collected and managed information on chemical substances contained in products in line with IEC62474, Canon completed the introduction of chemSHERPA in 2017. Since its introduction by Canon, more than 99% of survey replies have been made through chemSHERPA. This has led to increased workplace efficiency. Some suppliers have also adopted pre-filled survey replies that contain some of the required information. This shift to a more standardized approach contributes further to operational efficiency.
Canon Sustainability Report 2020 56

Meanwhile, for suppliers who have difficulty with the reply process, guide manuals in Japanese, English and Chinese have been prepared to promote the progressive global adoption of chemSHERPA.
* IEC62474: Material Declaration for Products of and for the Electrotechnical Industry. International standards issued by the IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) in March 2012 aiming to streamline the material declarations on chemical substances and compositions contained in the products of the electro technical industry the global supply chain.
Managing Chemical Substances Used in Manufacturing Processes
The chemical substances handled during manufacturing at Canon include “controlled chemical substances” regulated in terms of safety such as negative impact on human health, the environment, and flammable risk. Canon separates these substances into three categories: A) Prohibited substances; B) Emission reduction substances; and C) Regulated substances. In turn, effective measures are in place for each category.
Prohibited substances are defined as those prohibited under the Chemical Weapons Convention, the Stockholm Convention, the Montreal Protocol and the Convention concerning Safety in the Use of Asbestos, as well as specified greenhouse gases (PFC/ HFC/SF6), other soil and groundwater pollutants, and substances that significantly impact people’s health.
Greenhouse gases other than PFC/HFC/SF6, greenhouse gases identified by the IPCC as having global warming potential (GWP), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and other substances specified by Canon are designated as emission reduction substances.
Regulated substances are chemical substances with defined compliance requirements, including compliance with reference values and the ascertainment of usage and storage quantities.
Reducing Use and Emissions of Controlled Chemical Substances
Canon engages in various initiatives at its operational sites to reduce emissions of controlled chemical substances, including reducing the consumption and re-use of them through improvement of production processes.
Total emissions of controlled chemical substances in 2019 amounted to 452 tons, a year-on-year decrease of 135 tons, which was achieved through activities to reduce chemical substances used in the production process and measures to promote re-use.
Emissions of Controlled Chemical Substances and Amount of Chemical Substances Designated by the PRTR System*
■Controlled chemical substances (Japan) ■Controlled chemical substances (outside Japan)
■PRTR substances (Japan) (t)
■PRTR substances (outside Japan)
 800
600
400
200
0
605 574 603
587
452
     57 Canon Sustainability Report 2020
452
440
445
153 57 45134 42 31 158 46 37190 44 33165 42 32 12 11 9 11 10
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Year)
397
287
 * PRTR System: Pollutant Release and Transfer Register System, a notification system for the transfer and release of chemical substances.
* Controlled chemical substances exclude regulated substances. * Figures for 2017 onwards include data for Canon Medical.
Reducing Emissions into the Atmosphere and Waterways and Preventing Pollution
Canon alleviates the environmental impact of its operational sites by reducing emissions of NOx*1 and SOx*2, which are major causes of air pollution and acid rain; reducing discharges of phosphates and nitrogen compounds, which cause the eutrophication of water environments; and, reducing BOD*3 and SS*4, which indicate an environmental impact in water areas. One example of this is Canon Components, the first member of the Group to introduce wastewater treatment based on the membrane separation activated sludge system. This method uses membrane filtration for solid-liquid separation in order to ensure reliable treatment of the various types of process effluent that result from the wide range of production items it handles. Compared to the previous method using pressure flotation, the system achieves lower and more stable BOD values in the wastewater.
*1 Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
A major cause of air pollution, acid rain and photochemical smog, NOx is generated when the nitrogen in fuels is oxidized or when nitrogen in the atmosphere is oxidized during high-temperature combustion.
*2 Sulfur oxides (SOx)
A major cause of air pollution and acid rain, SOx is generated when fossil fuels, such as oil and coal, are burned.
*3 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD)
BOD is the amount of oxygen consumed when microorganisms degrade organic matter in water. Larger figure shows worse water quality.
*4 Suspended solids (SS)
A collective term used for substances of less than 2mm in diameter that float in the air and do not dissolve.
To prevent air pollution, when installing or
updating equipment that uses fuel, we opt for fuels that minimize generation of air pollutants (such as

Message from the CEOOverview of CanonActivities Based on Management StrategyManagement FoundationData SummaryMajor Awards, Citations, etc.Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
sulfur oxide, nitrogen oxide and soot), and have banned the use of heavy oil in principle.
Furthermore, we have designated ozone-depleting substances and persistent organic pollutants cited in the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants as banned substances.
With regard to wastewater, each operational site sets standard values based on local laws and regulations. Also, control values are set at 80% of the standard values as management standards at each site. We regularly check the status of compliance with management standards.
Soil and Groundwater Remediation Status
Canon places high priority on soil and groundwater protection. In line with this, we established the Canon Group’s Basic Policy on Soil and Groundwater Pollution and implement comprehensive measures based on it. In the unlikely event that soil or groundwater pollution is found at one of our operational sites, cleanup and remedial actions are carried out in close accordance with all relevant laws.
Also, our standard when acquiring new land is to
Status of Soil and Groundwater Clean-up Activities*
conduct a preliminary soil examination and carry out any other necessary procedures, such as soil remediation, before making the purchase. We also monitor the chemical substances used at each site, remaining fully aware of the national and regional standards where each site is located in order to implement countermeasures according to the situation at each location.
Going forward, we will continue with the above initiatives and carry out monitoring and reporting of operational sites with completed remediation in a timely manner.
PCB Waste Management
In accordance with relevant laws, Canon strictly manages polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB), which damages living organisms and the environment.
As of December 2019, 11 operational sites were storing PCB waste. In terms of highly concentrated PCB waste, there are 1,511 fluorescent ballasts in storage.
This PCB waste is processed sequentially by Japan Environmental Storage & Safety Corporation (JESCO).
Water quality measurement Pumping, water quality measurement
Pumping, excavation and elimination, water quality measurement
Pumping, covering, water quality measurement Covering, water quality measurement Covering, water quality measurementOperational Site
Substances
Measures
Shimomaruko
Utsunomiya parking lot 1
Toride
Bando
Nagahama Canon
Canon Components
Trichloroethylene, etc.
Fluorine and its compounds, etc.
Trichloroethylene, etc.
Hexavalent chromium and its compounds
1,1-dichloroethylene, etc.
Hexavalent chromium and its compounds
Mercury and its compounds
            * Reports are made to the authorities concerning sites where purification is in progress.Activities in Partnership with Outside Stakeholders
Case Study 1: Contributing to Upgrading of Supply Chain Information Sharing at the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC)
The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) is a body that carries out international standardization
in all electrical, electronic and related technologies. As a member of the Technology Committee (TC111) that formulates its environment-related standards, Canon contributes in particular to the formulation of
standards for information sharing on chemical substances contained in products. In this way, we work in partnership with specialists worldwide to upgrade the sharing of supply chain information.
Case Study 2: Reduction of Supply Chain Environmental Risk in Partnership with the Institute of Public & Environmental Affairs (IPE)
Based on supply chain information published by the Institute of Public & Environmental
Affairs (IPE) — a Chinese environmental NGO—we help secondary and tertiary manufacturers
and other Chinese businesses located in the upstream of the supply chain to reduce environmental risk by making recommendations and carrying out improvements. By sharing information regularly and communicating with the IPE on best practice, we contribute to reducing environmental risk throughout the supply chain.
  Canon Sustainability Report 2020 58