   COMANY's value creation COMANY's business strategy
Sustainability management initiatives Performance in FY2020
 School Market
    Strategies for the School Market
●Medium-term strategy
The aging of public school buildings has become a problem.
In response to this, local governments are now drawing up “Individ- ual Facility Plans” for the future with the target of completing them by March 2021. Once the plans are completed, the construction work on aging facilities is expected to begin. We will provide products to enhance the value of classrooms by accurately grasping the needs of the diversity in classrooms.
School Market Initiatives
We continue to visit leading schools across the country to interview
the learning environment. We also invite experts in the field of school facility design to exchange opinions while developing our products. In addition to accurately grasping the potential needs of schools, we will continue to develop products that incorporate the elements required for future school spaces.
Release of “SPart-W” which uses a welding-free method
In April 2020, we released SPart-W (SPart-Double), the industry's first wooden school partition using the "weldless" method". Neither being installed with welding, nor being directly attached to the beams of a building, the “SPart-W" does not require any extensive work. This allows for relocation and addition of partitions enabling flexible use of the classroom. The SPart-W can flexibly adapt to the increase in the number of vacant classrooms due to the declining birthrate and the change of use of classrooms in the future.
 Create a comfortable learning space for all children and teachers
Challenges and Changes in the School Market
With the emergence of new forms of teaching that require more space (e.g., group learning) and "inclusive education" initiatives that allow all children, regardless of disabilities, to learn together, the demand for more diverse classroom space is increasing. The optimal classroom space pursued by each school varies widely from child to child and from teacher to teacher, and each child has a different sense of ease of learning, concentration and comfort. The classroom space of the future should not be a monotonous space, but rather a flexible and diverse space that allows pupils to learn freely by trial and error in school.
Key risks and opportunities
●Long-term Strategy
We believe that the digitalization of educational settings will contin- ue to advance. Therefore, we will continue to develop new products for the classroom that utilize digital technology. In addition, the necessity for remote teaching is increasing, and there is a need for spaces that facilitate learning at home and other places outside of schools. We will also contribute to the diversification of these places of learning.Sales
Sales
15,000 10,000 5,000 0
Sales
- 13.3%
(Unit: millions of yen)FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
Sales
2,428
2,339
2,027   2,428
FY2017
2,339
2,027
 FY2018 FY2019
(Unit: millions of yen)
Many school facilities are coming up for rebuild- ing or renewal. To systemically conduct the renewal plan of these facilities, local govern- ments are working to formulate the construction plans by March 2021. Currently, the number of school facilities being upgraded is declining as the construction planning period is not yet over, and this has led to a continued decline in sales.
    teachers and study
   ― Risk ―
― Opportunity ―
 Further diversification of classroom needs Social distance in the classroom
Further increase in the flexibility of the partitions
Fierce competition in school construction and entry of different sectors
Developing products that accurately grasp the needs
Increase in online learning
Creating a home learning environment
Decreasing birthrates and increasing school closures
Developing the current learning field
 27
28