     2
COMANY's value creation COMANY's business strategy
Performance in FY2020
Partnership with business partners (suppliers)
 ● Conducting supplier satisfaction surveys and regular interviews
To build a better relationship with our suppliers, we have been conducting a Supplier
Satisfaction Survey. Considering the satisfaction survey not only an assessment for us on a routine basis, but also the expectations for us, we collect a wide range of opinions and requests on future improvements aiming at further increasing satisfaction. In addition to regular interviews, we will also continue to investigate, check and improve our relationships with our suppliers to build long-term relationships of trust and improve our QDC. In fiscal 2019, we finished responding to 34 out of the 39 issues we received in the survey.
● Dialogue at supplier exchange meetings
In January 2020, we invited our suppliers to our first supplier exchange meeting. On the day, we proceeded the meeting focus on reporting the results of the supplier satisfaction survey and the status of improvements to their requests, as well as shared our purchasing policies and explained our sustainability initiatives. On the same day, we also held a factory tour and get-together providing a great opportunity to deepen mutual exchanges. We will continue to hold these social gatherings on a regular basis in the future, aiming for co-existence and co-prosperity with our suppliers, who are our business partners.
Fair trade
● Declaration of Partnership Building
In support of "Declaration of Partnership Building" introduced and agreed upon the "Coun- cil on Promoting Partnership Building for Cultivating the Future" organized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, the Small and Medium Enterprise Agency and other related ministries and agencies for the purpose of helping large enterprises and SMEs to build a mutual beneficial relationship, we are working to achieve this goal by cooperating with our business partners to coexist and prosper together.
●Grasping the situation through the supplier survey form
To build a sustainable supply chain, it is important to process and produce the right raw materials in the right environment. Following the COMANY Group Human Rights Policy formulated in FY2018, the Purchasing Department conducts regular interviews with our suppliers by using a supplier survey form to grasp the situation. We also require our supply chain to respect human rights and not to violate them in case of negative impacts on human rights by our suppliers or their associates that are directly linked to our business, products or services. We will continue to implement management practices with respect to human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption.
40 30 20 10
Number of Problem Solved with Suppliers (non-consolidated)
Duration: April 2019 to March 2020
Response rate 87.2%
 We work together with our suppliers to build a sustain- able supply chain to ensure a stable supply of the most appropriate products to our factories that are technolog- ically advanced and environmentally and human rights conscious. We conduct regular supplier satisfaction surveys to resolve issues and build long-term coopera- tive relationships with our suppliers, who are our business partners. We are committed to fair and impar- tial procurement activities, valuing a mutually beneficial relationship that allows us to grow and develop while achieving the best performance.
   0
of issues of issues dealt
Number
Number
 Partnership Building● Mutual learning through technology improvement sharing meetings
● Conducting supplier satisfaction surveys and regular interviews
● Dialogue with suppliers in business partners exchange meetingFair trade● Declaration of Partnership Building
● Grasping the situation through business partner survey
 Stable procurement● Business Continuity Management (BCM)1.企業基本情報
作成日: 2019/7/9
Supplier Survey(BCP・CSR)購入分類
 鋼板関連・アルミ関連・合板関連・礎材関連・樹脂関連・金物・接着剤・塗料・シンナー・包装資材・エネルギー・その他(  )
御社名
○○○株式会社 URL
http://www.sample.co.jp
住 所
東京都○○区 TEL/FAX
XX-XXXX-XXXX / XX-XXXX-XXXX
代表者名
代表取締役 ○○○○ 設立年月日
19xx/x/x
従業員数
100名 2019年3月31日 現在 資本金
年度 売上高 取引額
○ 百万円
インストアシェア 決算月
直近2年 の状況
前年 2018 ○ 百万円 ○ 百万円
○% ○%
3月
前々年 2017 ○ 百万円 ○ 百万円
取引先名
主要株主
備 考2.CSR情報Partnership Building
● Mutual learning and problem-solving collaboration through Technological Improvement Study Meeting We have been holding a technological improvement study meeting with
our suppliers. The basis of manufacturing is the production and process- ing drawings, and we are striving to maintain quality by clarifying inspection key points at the design stage with the aim of reducing unclear drawings and deficiencies. In the future, we will continue to actively involve ourselves in cooperation in the field of computerization and utilize the digitization of drawings to promote efficient, error-free manufacturing, while further strengthening our mutual collaboration to solve problems and improve our technology and added value.
認証取得 ISO9001取得 ※下記項目に該当する場合はチェック欄に○印を記入してください
取組内容  法令遵守の方針・体制があり実行されている  結社の自由、団体交渉の権利を保証している  強制労働を行っていない
 児童労働を行っていない  雇用及び職業における差別を行っていない  労働安全衛生と健康を守るための対策が実施されている 有 ・ 無
ISO14001取得
有 ・ 無
エコ認証取得
有 ・ 無
   チェック欄 備考 ○
○ ○ ○ ○ ○
   ● Business Continuity Management (BCM)
The environment surrounding us is changing day by day, with natural disasters such as the COVID-19, the Tokyo metropolitan area inland earthquake, and the Nankai Trough earthquake. In anticipation of these risks, we are changing our approach to procurement by diversifying our suppliers and reviewing appropri- ate inventory levels so that we can continue to provide products to our customers even in a contingency without impacting their business activities. In addition, we are working with our suppliers to ensure a stable supply of products to our customers by proactively obtaining prior information and inventory turnover.
Chishima Current Japan Trench
 39
40