     5
COMANY's value creation COMANY's business strategy
Performance in FY2020
Social Contribution Activities
 We are developing our social contribution activities by consid- ering what we can do to expand our contribution beyond our business activities. We believe that if our employees honestly act on their conscience, they will be able to help many people, which will result in broadening our horizons and quickening our consciences, thereby being beneficial to our business activities. To build a brighter future, we will contribute to the happiness of the world by solving a variety of problems, expanding our activities from our local communities to Japan and the rest of the world.
Contribution to local community
● Collaborative efforts for Regional Development
On June 27, 2019, we signed a "Partnership Agreement on SDGs Promotion" with Komatsu City, which has been selected as "SDGs Future City", and we are working for sustainable develop- ment of the region by leveraging each other's strengths and resources, including local development and business develop- ment for regional revitalization.
● Interaction and Cooperation with Local Communities
For the development of the local communities, we believe that the cooperation of industry, government, academia, and the private sector is the most important factor, and so we deepen our ties by providing platform for idea exchange while actively participating in events organized by local governments. The "COMAFES" charity event held in the summer attracts a large number of participants every year.
Contribution to Japan
● Disaster Volunteer Activities
As a company with sales offices all over the country, we are using this network to actively engage in social contribution activities across the country. There were 137 of our employees volunteering in the severely affected areas caused by Typhoon No. 19 in October 2019. Among these, 105 employees from the Kanto region volunteered in Kanuma City, Tochigi Prefecture, while 32 employees from the head office volunteered in Nagano City, Nagano Prefecture.
● Conducted disaster training and built a network
We participated in the "Social Innovation Disaster Training" organized by United Earth, a non-profit organization with a proven track record of setting up volunteer bases in various areas during natural disasters in Japan, and learned about human resource development and new community develop- ment to enable our employees to act as leaders during disasters.
Contribution to the world
● Various Support Activities in Cambodia
Since 2016, we have been focusing on educational support and supporting the rural Cambodia, such as digging wells and building a library. In August 2019, Saen, who is being placed under foster care that we are supporting, visited Japan and interacted with our employees. We are currently building a multimedia classroom, which will provide an environment where children in the village can learn computer skills and foreign languages online.
Concluded a Partnership Agreement
New Employees'
Yosakoi Performance (COMAFES)
Donation of droplet infection control partitions
Experience work in COMANY
     Contribution to Local Community● Collaborative efforts for regional development
● Interaction and cooperation with the local community
 Contribution to Japan● Disaster Volunteer Activities
● Conducting training and building a network during disasters
  Contribution to the World● Self-reliance support activities for Cambodia
  COMANY's Social Contribution Activities
● Respect for Initiative of Employees
In our social contribution activities, we place great importance on the “initiative of our employees”. It is important to do what we sincerely want to do for others, not just what has been decided. A characteristic of our social contribution activities is that we meet face-to-face with the persons we support. We are involved in a wide range of activities at local welfare facilities, in disaster-affected areas around the country, and in Cambodia. In each case, our employees visit the sites and interact with each other through dialogue. This has expanded into ongoing and more developed activities.
● Activities as the United Earth Secretariat in Ishikawa
To realize dynamic activities by utilizing stronger partnership and networks with United Earth, an NPO that we have been cooperating with in deploying our social contribution activities to date, we have assumed the role of the secretariat of United Earth Ishikawa, supporting its activities as well as our own social contribution activities. We are working on more effective activities such as supporting activities for the disaster areas using our nationwide network and community revitalization activities in cooperation with civil society.
Activities in Kanuma City, Tochigi Prefecture
Social Innovation Disaster Training
Activities in Nagano City, Nagano Prefecture
Think and learn through workshop
     47
48