   This report is printed on Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC)-certified paper made of wood from responsibly managed forests.
It was also printed using vegetable oil inks.
Printed in Japan
 Navigating
MOL REPORT 2019
| Year ended March 31, 2019 |
the Future
   
         MOL CHART
MOL CHART represents the values that are to be shared by all members of the MOL Group worldwide. These values shall be common guidelines to pursue the best course of action for the highest quality of output for our stakeholders and to achieve MOL’s corporate goal.
  Challenge
Innovate through insight
Honesty Do the right thing
Accountability
Commit to acting with a sense of ownership
Reliability
Gain the trust of customers
Teamwork
Build a strong team
MOL GROUP CORPORATE PRINCIPLES As a multi-modal transport group, we will:
1
Actively contribute to global economic growth and development, anticipating the needs of our customers and the challenges of this new era
2
Strive to maximize corporate value through creativity, operating efficiency, and promotion of ethical and transparent management
3
Nurture and protect the natural environment by maintaining the highest standards of operational safety and navigation
           Business Strategy & Review
54 At a Glance
56 Market Position (Fleet Size)
57 Market Data
58 Overview of Operations by Segment
Data Section
70 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 72 Key Indicators
74 The MOL Group
76 The MOL Group’s Global Network
77 Information Disclosure and External Recognition
78 Glossary
79 Shareholder Information
MOL’s Communication Tools
MOL produces the following publications as a means of promoting communication with stakeholders. The latest versions of all reports can be found on our website.
 https://www.mol.co.jp/en/ir/
      MOL Report
Investor Guidebook
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements concerning MOL’s future plans, strategies, and performance. These statements represent assumptions and beliefs based on information currently available* and are not historical facts. Furthermore, forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, worldwide competition in the shipping industry, customer demand, foreign currency exchange rates, price of bunker, tax laws, and other regulations. MOL therefore cautions readers that actual results may differ materially from these predictions.
* As of June 30, 2019 unless otherwise specified
Market Data
Market Data
マーケット・データ
 June 2019
2019年6月
     Contents
       Underlined words in this report are explained in the Glossary on page 78.
Our Foundation
2 MOL’s History: “Spirit of Challenge and Innovation” 4 Value Creation Model
For Our Sustainable Growth
6 Message from the CEO
12 Overview of the Management Plan “Rolling Plan 2019” 18 Message from the CFO
20 Special Feature
MOL Opens Up a New Sea Route for LNG Trade
—Joining the Yamal LNG Project 26 Addressing Sustainability Issues
26 Overview of MOL’s Sustainability Issues (Materiality) 28 Value-Added Transport Services
32 Marine and Global Environmental Conservation 36 Innovation for Development in Marine Technology 38 Human Resource Cultivation and
Community Development
42 Dialogue between the Outside Directors
46 Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
49 Corporate Governance
 1

MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Our Foundation
MOL’s History: “Spirit of Challenge and Innovation”
Throughout its more than 130 years of history, MOL has grown into one of the world’s largest full-line marine transport groups by constantly anticipating the needs of its customers and future demand, while overcoming various challenges along the way. What has enabled this is MOL’s “spirit of challenge and innovation.” MOL will continue to nurture this spirit as it heads into the next 130 years.
2017
   Delivery of the MOL FSRU Challenger, the first FSRU owned and operated by an
Asian shipping company.
   1961
Delivery of the KINKASAN MARU, the world’s first automated ship that maneuvers the main engine from
the bridge and centrally monitors and controls the machineries from
the engine control room.
1964
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (MOL) is established through the merger of O.S.K. Line and Mitsui Steamship.
1968
Full containership services commence.
1965
MOL launches Japan’s first specialized car car- rier, the OPPAMA MARU.
Mitsui & Co., Ltd. spins off its shipping department to create Mitsui Steamship Co., Ltd.
1939
Cargo–passenger ships, the ARGENTINA MARU and the BRASIL MARU, enter service on the South America route. These vessels represent the state of the art in Japanese shipbuilding at the time.
1983
2019
An agreement to participate in the LNG–to–Powership business is reached.
2018 April
Operations begin at Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd., a company formed through the integration of three Japanese shipping companies’ containership businesses.
2018 March
Delivery of the VLADIMIR RUSANOV as the first vessel for the Yamal LNG project, the world’s first project that uses ice-breaking LNG carriers with Arc7 specifications.
Special Feature P20
      1884
Osaka Shosen Kaisha (O.S.K. Line) is founded.
1890
O.S.K. Line launches its first overseas route service between Osaka and Busan.
1909
O.S.K. Line launches its first long-distance ocean service between Hong Kong
and Tacoma.
1984
1995
Formation of world’s first containership alliance (a strategic international tie-up).
1996
Tokyo Marine Co., Ltd. (currently, MOL Chemical Tankers Pte. Ltd.) becomes a consolidated subsidiary of MOL.
1999
New Mitsui O.S.K. Lines is established through the merger of MOL and Navix Line.
Japan’s first specialized methanol tanker, the KOHZAN MARU, enters service.
2004
Daibiru Corporation becomes a consolidated subsidiary of MOL.
2007
Delivery of world’s largest iron ore carrier at the time, the BRASIL MARU.
2010
MOL’s first participation in the FPSO business.
2012
         1930
High-speed cargo ship, the KINAI MARU, is constructed and begins rapid transport service on the New York route, thereby dramatically shorten- ing the required shipping days.
1942
MOL’s first in-house managed LNG carrier, the SENSHU MARU, enters service.
1989
Navix Line, Ltd. is estab- lished through the merger of Japan Line, Ltd. and Yamashita-Shinnihon Steamship Co., Ltd.
1989
Japan’s first full-fledged cruise ship, the FUJI MARU, enters service, ushering in the era of leisure cruises in Japan.
Self-Reinvention to Adapt to External Changes
Delivery of world’s first hybrid car carrier, the EMERALD ACE.
2016
Delivery of world’s first large ethane carrier, the ETHANE CRYSTAL.
 1884 1945
Formed as a group of small-sized ship owners coming
together in order to survive as a business,
MOL advances and expands into overseas routes.
The founding of MOL can be traced back to Osaka Shosen Kaisha (O.S.K. Line), which was established in 1884 by ship owners in the Seto Inland Sea area and their in-kind contributions of 93 vessels. At that time, the sakoku (closed country) era of Japan had come to an end, and the Meiji Restoration was already underway. Accordingly, the need for marine transport on both domestic and overseas routes rose dra- matically. The Company had actively expanded into coastal shipping routes by the 1890s and successfully launched its first long-distance ocean service around 1910. In these ways, the Company has grown as a foundation underpinning the development of foreign trade in Japan.
1946 1999
MOL grows into a world-leading full-line marine transport group amid the postwar recovery
and rapid economic expansion of Japan.
Many Japanese merchant shipping fleets were destroyed during World War II. Amid Japan’s successful recovery from the devastation of war, MOL became an integral part of the development of the Japanese economy through its marine transport services. While doing so, the Company grew into a full-line marine transport group that possesses a wide range of ves- sels. The Company worked to promptly respond to the need for specialized and large-sized vessels and repeatedly took on challenges from a techno- logical standpoint, including launching the world’s first automated vessel that centrally controls the main engine from the engine control room and Japan’s first specialized car carrier. This approach enabled MOL to create new value and opened up the opportunities for business field expansion.
2000 2008
MOL actively invests in natural resources
and energy transport fields in anticipation of economic development and the rising demand for natural resources in China.
After the 1999 merger with Navix Line, which was particularly strong in transporting natural resources and energy, MOL aggressively invested in these fields, predicting China’s economic development and increased demand for natural resources. The Company continued to scale up its fleet of dry bulkers including iron ore and coal carriers and tankers, which transport commodi- ties such as crude oil and petroleum products. Reaping the benefits of these upfront investments, profit in fiscal 2007 reached a record high, thanks to the unprecedented boom in marine transport that was driven by the rapid expansion of imports in China.
2009
MOL implements its bold Business Structural Reforms
in response to the rapidly changing business environment. Further, MOL transitions into a marine transport group
that fits the needs of the new era.
Against the backdrop of a global economic slowdown and the oversupply of vessels, the shipping market stumbled and has continued to struggle with ongoing stagnation. To respond to the increasingly difficult business environment, MOL implemented the Business Structural Reforms, which targeted the dry bulker business and carried out the integration of the containership businesses of three Japanese shipping companies. Additionally, the Company invested preferentially in its areas of strength, including the LNG carrier and offshore businesses, while working to expand into the new fields of environmental and emission-free businesses to meet the needs of the new era. In these ways, MOL will continue to pursue challenge and innovation as a global leader in marine transport.
23
  
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Our Foundation
Innovation for Development in Marine Technology
MOL’s Sustainability Issues (Materiality)
P26
Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through addressing social issues to minimize our negative impact on society and maximize our social value
     Value Creation Model
Through a two-pronged approach that involves the management plan, called “Rolling Plan,” and initiatives toward the sustainability issues, the MOL Group aims to realize its 10-year vision to
“Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas.” At the same time, by providing unique, high-quality transport services, the Group is working to resolve social issues and increase corporate value as an indispensable lifeline that supports people’s daily lives and industries.
Marine and Global
Environmental Conservation
Value-Added Transport Services
Human Resource Cultivation and Community Development
Governance and Compliance
to Support Businesses
         Customers and Society
 Value-Added Transport Services
Realizing High-Quality Transport Services That Support People’s Daily Lives and Industries
• Offer safe and stable transportation • Provide high-quality transportat services that meet
P28
  PDCA Cycle Based on
Changes
• Provide highly economical solution to customers
through large-volume and bulk transport services • Contribute to establishment of energy infrastructure
customer needs
in emerging countries
 in the Ex
ternal Environment
Management Plan “Rolling Plan 2019”
P12
1.
Concentrated investment of management resources in the business fields where MOL has strengths, which will mainly be offshore businesses
2.
Provision of “stress-free services,” which MOL will offer from the customer’s perspective
3.
Promotion of environmental strategies and development of the emission-free business into a core business
   Innovation for Development in Marine Technology
P36
Human Resource
Cultivation and Community Development
P38
Governance and Compliance to Support Businesses
P49
  10-Year Vision
Become a Group of Business Units with
No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas
Continue to accumulate highly stable profits while ensuring other variable profits
        Marine and Global Environmental Conservation
P32
     Marine Technical
Skills ICT
Technological Development
MOL’s Business Foundation
Human Resources
Governance
Safe Operation
    45
     
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth Message from the CEO
We will sustainably increase our corporate value by realizing our 10-year vision to “Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas.”
   Junichiro Ikeda
President & CEO
 How We See the External Environment
We need to take a step beyond conventional marine transport model and enter new business fields.
Global trade systems as well as the overall economic structure are clearly in a period of transition, making it extremely difficult for us to predict the future business environment. When we look at the world, investment demand in developed countries is slowing down, while that in the emerging markets is still growing although the outlook is becoming unclear. Under such circumstances where there is a mixture of positives and negatives in the overall external environment, it is becoming more and more challenging for our company to foresee customer trends.
The growing level of environmental awareness is another trend that has a significant impact on the marine transport industry. Especially in regard to climate change,
both public and private sectors around the world are promoting efforts to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050 based on an international consensus, namely the long-term targets of the Paris Agreement. In light of this, we must sensitively capture the changes in the world, think beyond our conventional business models, and take prompt action to change.
To adjust ourselves to such circumstances, in fiscal 2017 we transitioned from our previous practice of adopting three-year management plan to setting a yearly “rolling type” management plan. The intention was to maintain flexibility in our management and foster a cor- porate culture that proactively pursues changes by appropriately ascertaining our future direction without being constrained to our current business performance. In fact, by actively responding to diversifying demand, we have already taken on repeated challenges, which cultivated our insight and built up a track record in the energy domain. In addition, in terms of resolving environmental issues, we decided to accelerate our efforts by placing these issues at the center of our
business strategies and focusing on environmental and emission-free businesses.
As we stated in “Rolling Plan 2019,” the time is over in which one successful business model can keep working and ensure growth in the future. We therefore need to leverage our long-cultivated competitiveness and business foundation to take a step beyond the conventional marine transport model and enter new business fields.
change, the most important role and essential value of marine transport remains to transport goods safely and efficiently. We must continue to preserve this unchanging value. From a customer’s perspective, I would say that marine transport services still cause a certain amount of stress. Our ultimate mission is to reduce this stress as much as possible, and we will remain thoroughly committed to fulfilling this mission going forward.
Now, the question is what can we do in order to be more proactive in dealing with customers’ stress. When I con- sider where the source of our value is, I believe that lies with our intangible qualities, an example of which is our human resources. They also include the track record we have built in providing solutions to our customers based on safe operations. The strong trust-based relationships we have cultivated with our customers through such services is another intangible quality. Of course, we have also been promoting initiatives to develop other aspects of our business, which include our technical skills and IT. However, focusing just on these aspects will allow us beat the competition only in the near term, as other
67
To Continue Being the Chosen Partner
of Our Customers
We must make an unrelenting effort to further enhance our intangible assets.
So far I have talked about the changes that are happening, but there are certain things that do not change over time. One thing is our role as a marine transport company and the value we provide our customers. Even as the times

companies will at some point catch up and we will lose our competitive edge.
In the marine transport business, we are often not explicitly told the specific requests by the customers in terms of methods or timing. This means we have to make concerted efforts to understand the nature of our customers’ businesses, including the direction of their strategies, our position within their value chain, and their order of priorities. Then, based on such understanding, we need to offer them solutions that meet their needs. This is an area in which
we can differentiate ourselves from the competition. To continue being the chosen partner of our customers, we must make an unrelenting effort to further enhance our intangible assets.
Direction of “Rolling Plan 2019”
We will strongly commit to gaining “No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas.”
We developed “Rolling Plan 2019” by keeping the fundamental directions of the Rolling Plans of the past two years, but refining it based on our analysis of the external environment mentioned earlier, the needs of our stakeholders, and fields for growth. The major difference made this time was that out of the three elements we have thus far adopted in our management plans as the 10-year vision for the MOL Group, we chose “Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas” as the element that best defines our vision. “No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas” is not limited to universal factors such as profitability, cost competitiveness, safety, or trust. It also includes com- petitiveness unique to each business that can be the reason our customers and business partners choose to work with us. Moreover, the concept of relativity to the competition is something I place particular importance on. As we constantly compete with other major players, simply claiming on our own that we are No. 1 is rather meaningless. Winning or losing in a competition boils down to how our services compare with those of our competitors. Accordingly, we need to always ask ourselves what specifically sets us apart from others and whether or not we are actually doing better than them. Ultimately, it is imperative that we secure a position that allows us to remain one step ahead of the competition.
Marine transport is an industry that cannot be parted from the effect of the market conditions. Even with a good level of stable profits, we cannot avoid the occasional impact of fluctuating market conditions. However, at times of such fluctuations, we can still minimize the negative impact and maximize the positive if we are able to maintain “No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas.” It is obvious that such competitiveness determines our success or failure as the cycle repeats over the long run. That is why I sincerely and strongly believe we as a company should always keep this in mind.
Our core strategies for achieving “No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas” are “Concentrated investment of management resources in the business fields where MOL has strengths, which will mainly be offshore businesses,” “Provision of ‘stress-free services,’ which MOL will offer from the customer’s perspective,” and “Promotion of environmental strategies and development of the emission- free business into a core business.” Especially for “Provision of ‘stress-free services,’ which MOL will offer from the customer’s perspective,” we will remain dedicated to thoroughly promoting such services. Some management plans that I have seen seemed to lack consideration to what is really useful for the customer. This comes from our tendency to focus on our competitors, which can cause us to lose sight of the essential perspective of our customers. Some think that providing “stress-free services” ultimately means differentiating, but that is not what we are aiming for. We want our customers to be impressed with our services, and choose our services because of the fact that they are truly useful. I wanted our management plan to clearly state the importance of seeing things from the perspective of customers. We will therefore continue to position “Provision of ‘stress-free services,’ which MOL will offer from the customer’s perspective” as an important pillar of our management plans going forward.
Progress in Fiscal 2018
We succeeded in laying the groundwork for our future in each business field.
For the progress we made in fiscal 2018, let me begin my explanation with our business performance. In April 2018, operations commenced at Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd. (ONE), our integrated containership business venture. However, due to such factors as confusion surrounding the start of operations of ONE, we unfortunately posted a large deficit in the containership business. With that said, we were still able to secure a net overall ordinary profit and profit attributable to owners of parent that were close to the initial forecasts, thanks to the steady accumulation of stable profits from medium- to long-term contracts in the Dry Bulk Business, Energy Transport Business, and other businesses, as well as the relatively strong market conditions. The positive effect from the Business Structural Reforms that we have implemented in the past also helped push up the results. I have gained a certain sense of accomplishment to see we have finally become a company that can close its accounts without having to record a significant extraordinary loss due to the negative legacy of the shipping boom in the 2000s.
Turning our attention to our 10-year vision, fiscal 2018 was a year in which we steadily laid the groundwork for achieving it in each of our business fields. Regarding business development, there were several significant achievements made especially in our offshore businesses. In addition to FPSO, which is already established as a pillar for our profit accumulation, FSRU is also becoming another pillar, as can be seen in the projects we are currently involved with. Witnessing this progress, I became convinced that offshore businesses have the potential to serve as our core in the future. As for “stress-free services,” one excellent example of our success in fiscal 2018 is the accumulation of long- term contracts using new-order wood chip carriers. This was achieved through a thoughtful sales process that revolved around the customer’s point of view, meaning that the frontline personnel deeply understood what solutions our customers needed and when they needed them, which allowed our personnel to make the appropriate proposals. In regard to “develop environmental and emission-free
businesses into core businesses,” I believe that offering LNG-based solutions will be the key to tackling issues related to greenhouse gases and SOx, on the part of the marine transport industry. In line with that, we achieved several milestones in fiscal 2018, including the LNG-fueled tugboat ISHIN’s successful delivery and the conclusion of long-term charter contracts for LNG fuel supply vessels in Europe and Singapore. Looking into the future, we will further accelerate initiatives geared toward growth in this area so that our environmental and emission-free businesses become profitable enough to be considered as our valid core businesses.
Focus Areas in Fiscal 2019
Through concentrated investment of resources, we will further solidify our competitiveness in respective areas.
Our core growth strategies basically remain unchanged in fiscal 2019. Continuing on from the previous fiscal year, we will focus our investment in areas where we have strengths, such as offshore businesses, LNG carriers, chemical tankers, and ferries, in order to further solidify our competitiveness in these fields. Meanwhile, as a change adopted under “Rolling Plan 2019,” we have positioned offshore businesses as the leading key area in which we will concentrate investment. Since I became president,
I have always been troubled by the fact that, for many years, we have been unable to clearly state what will be our next main business pillar to replace the dry bulk business. However, in light of the progress we have made in fiscal 2018, and the confidence we have gained through it, I now
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Message from the CEO
   89

can say that the offshore businesses can be the leading force to drive the Company’s future. In developing offshore businesses, I strongly believe that the fact we are the only shipping company in Asia owning an FSRU appealed to our customers. As a matter of fact, the range and potential of our businesses are growing significantly. What has been making this growth possible is our comprehensive strengths, including our long-cultivated marine technical skills, technological capabilities, the relationships with shipyards and other various partners, and so on. This is not something that others can easily imitate.
Meanwhile, just because we do not consider a certain business a key area, it does not mean that we will not invest resources in it. There are some businesses that we have yet to call key areas but still actually hold great competitiveness. For other businesses where we have thus far been unable to fully demonstrate our competitiveness, my intention is to have them improve their competitiveness. As we did with the Structural Reforms in the Dry Bulker Business and the integration of the containership business, we will take action to increase our competitiveness in such areas so that all our businesses can play a role in contributing to profits. And in case we ultimately see no progress or room for improvement to obtain No. 1 competitiveness in a certain business, we in management will monitor it and examine a wide range of options for dealing with it.
Fiscal 2019 Initiatives That Underpin Our Management Policies
We will continue to work on our priority areas for development and further evolve as a company.
To enhance the value we provide and realize “stress-free services,” we will continue our efforts to strengthen our five priority areas for development, which we have been adopting since “Rolling Plan 2017.” Among them, what we value above all else is the “Marine technical skills,” which is one of the most important factors that supports our safe operation. Having said this, however, an accident regrettably occurred involving our cruise ship the NIPPON MARU in fiscal 2018. In light of this, I would like to offer my sincerest apologies for the trouble and worry we caused our customers and all the parties concerned. At the same time, I will promise we will strive to ensure an accident like
this does not happen again. To regain trust from our customers, we have adopted as a focus area for fiscal 2019 “Development of Groupwide safety and quality management” and are working to further reinforce the safety of
our operations.
For “ICT” and “Technological development,” we launched our first application, “Fleet Viewer,” in May 2019 under the FOCUS Project, which aims to utilize voyage and engine data of our vessels, and we plan to release another app around October 2019. We believe these apps will help us enhance the safety of our operations and avoid economic losses by promptly discovering equipment abnormalities. Such technology will also play a key role in realizing auton- omous sailing. When it comes to tangible aspects within our technological development, we are steadily making progress in the area of LNG-fueled vessels, including the previously mentioned delivery of the LNG-fueled tugboat ISHIN. In addition, our vessels received the Ship of the Year award, which is given by the Japan Society of Naval Architects and Ocean Engineers to vessels that are outstanding in terms of concept and design, for two consecutive years. Our success with the ice-breaking vessels for the Yamal LNG project is another example of our technological advantage. I am proud of the high reputation we receive for our technological capabilities. Following the lead of our Technology Department, we will keep striving to spur logistics innovations by anticipating the needs of customers as well as society and refining our ICT and technological capabilities.
Turning to “environmental and emission-free businesses,” we need to both capture new business opportunities as explained earlier and further reduce our environmental
burden on society. In relation to the latter, we set “Strategic actions for compliance with SOx regulations” as a focus area for fiscal 2019, and are preparing for SOx regulations that will tighten in January 2020. For our overall environ- mental strategies, the newly established Environmental Management Committee will take initiatives to develop and promote Companywide strategies.
In terms of “Workstyle reforms,” progress is being made centered on reforms to the workplace. In May 2019,
a non-territorial office, which is a remodeled version of the fifth floor of our Head Office, opened for a trial. This is an attempt to realize the ideal workstyle we target in our reforms. Currently, the effectiveness of this pilot office is being examined. This new office aims to revitalize communication and promote creativity. I look forward to seeing how it will improve productivity, which is one of the goals of “Workstyle reforms.“
is the same. For example, it is a fact that marine transport places a burden on the environment, and this is something that causes concern and stress for our customers. To real- ize the significant concept of providing “stress-free ser- vices,” it is essential that we—as a provider of marine transport services that support the core of our various customers’ value chains—both maximize the positive impact, which is the solutions we offer for environmental issues and minimize the negative, which is our environmental burden. To that end, the Sustainability Issues that we have adopted are inseparable from the three core strategies we have estab- lished under “Rolling Plan 2019.” By promoting
a two-pronged approach of executing our management plan and resolving our Sustainability Issues, we aim to maximize our social and corporate value over the medium to long term.
In Closing
We will steadily move forward with confidence on the path we need to follow as a company.
As I mentioned earlier, in light of the rapid changes occurring in the external environment, we will not be able to offer our shareholders and other stakeholders expected returns by simply following our conventional business model. I believe that our new management plan further clarifies the direction we need to head as a company going forward while maintaining a proper awareness of our current circumstances. Of course, we still need to flexibly examine specific actions to take in response to the changing environment. However, I believe that “Rolling Plan 2019” provides a universal direction for us, and so we will steadily proceed in that direction with confidence. I will take
the lead with a strong belief that MOL, as a solutions provider for all matters related to maritime affairs centering on marine transport, can provide “stress-free services” to our customers and “Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas.” I would like to ask our shareholders and all stakeholders for their continued understanding and support as we pursue these endeavors.
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth Message from the CEO
ESG Approach to Promote
Sustainability
MOL needs to tackle social issues head on through fulfilling the essence of its business as a marine transport company.
In addition to formulating “Rolling Plan 2019,” we have also newly identified our Sustainability Issues (Materiality). Looking at the recent trend of growing awareness and importance of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues, we can tell that they are dramatically different from the conventional thinking that calls for corporations to realize a profit while also fulfilling their corporate social responsibilities (CSR). For example, Goal 1 of the SDGs is to “End poverty in all its forms everywhere.” To work on this problem, we must consider what we can and should do as a marine transport company to help eliminate poverty. We must earnestly verify the essential value of our business itself to ensure that we are playing a useful part in addressing this issue. It is for that reason that we placed “Value-added transport services” as the first one among our Sustainability Issues. I believe that tackling issues related to SDGs or ESG head on through our business itself is the approach we need to take in order to further improve our corporate value.
That was an example on poverty or the economy, but our basic approach to other themes such as the environment
 10
11

MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Overview of the Management Plan “Rolling Plan 2019”
We have been adopting rolling-type management plans since fiscal 2017. With “Rolling Plan 2019,” we worked to create a management plan that is clear and can gain the support of our stakeholders. Based on our recognition of the current situation, including changes in the external environment, we formulated our 10-year vision to “Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas” as well as the three core strategies that we will promote to realize this vision.
Road Map toward Improving Business Performance
With the aim of realizing our medium- to long-term profit and financial targets shown below, we have broken down our ordinary profit into two classifications, “highly stable profits” and “other variable profits (losses),” according to the differences in profit structure. While continuing efforts to accumulate highly stable profits, we have reorganized the fleet to a more competitive one that is resistant to market fluctuations in order to secure other variable profits. In this way, we transformed our business model
business integration. Through these efforts, we aim to achieve our target levels for ordinary profit.
  (¥ billion)
100 80
Ordinary Profit Forecasts
Projected medium-term levels ¥80.0 billion–¥100.0 billion
to be able to secure profits regardless of the market environment (please see the column below).
60 40
¥38.5 billion
¥50.0 billion
       10-Year Vision
Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas
Three Core Strategies to Realize the 10-Year Vision
123
As a result, in fiscal 2018, although we recorded an ordinary
loss of ¥14.3 billion in the Containership segment due mainly to
the impact of confusion regarding the start of operations of
the integrated company Ocean Network Express (ONE), we were
able to record ordinary profit from other businesses of ¥52.8 0 billion, thanks to the stable profits generated primarily in the Dry
Bulk and Energy Transport businesses and the relatively -20 favorable market condition. This indicates that we have steadily
transitioned to a business structure that can achieve solid returns
no matter what the conditions of the market may be.
55.5 58.0 65.0
   20 56.2
Transitional costs related to containership
  Exchange rate assumption
¥110.63/US$1 ¥110.00/US$1 ¥110.00/US$1 ¥110.00/US$1
FY2018 Results
business integration
FY2019 FY2020 FY2021 Forecasts Plan Plan
       Concentrated investment of management resources in the business fields where MOL has strengths, which will mainly be offshore businesses
and ensure solid returns, we pref- erentially allocate management resources in fields where we have strengths.
Provision of “stress-free services,” which MOL will offer from the customer’s perspective
Promotion of environmental strategies and development of the emission-free business into a core business
As we move forward, we will prioritize the allocation of resources into businesses and projects where the MOL Group boasts strengths with a view to generating highly stable profits. At the same time, we will work on improving other variable profits, a recently difficult task, in such ways as bringing ONE into the black, leveraging its competitiveness bolstered through the
Medium- to Long-Term Profit Levels and Financial Indicators
Highly stable profits (concluded contracts) Highly stable profits (to be acquired) Other variable profits
Shareholder Returns
Set a 20% dividend payout ratio as a guideline in the near term and work to improve this ratio over the medium to long term.
     Vision for profit levels over the medium term
 Fiscal 2027 Targets
 Ordinary profit
¥80.0 billion– ¥100.0 billion
 ¥150.0 billion– ¥200.0 billion
 ROE
 8–12%
 —
 Gearing ratio
  2.0 times or less
  1.0 times
      To maintain our competitiveness Continuing on from fiscal 2017, we will promote efforts in our
priority areas for development. We will also pursue a variety of initiatives through the two additional focus areas for fiscal 2019 of “Development of Groupwide safety and quality management” and “Strategic actions for compliance with SOx regulations.”
P16
P14
Recognition of Our Current Situation
Highly stable profits + Other variable profits = Ordinary profit (total) (losses)
Highlystableprofits: Drybulkers/Tankers(undermedium- to long-term contracts), LNG carriers / Offshore businesses, and Associated businesses
Other variable profits (losses): Dry bulkers / Tankers (under short-term / spot business), Car carriers, Containerships, Terminals & Logistics, and Ferries & Coastal RoRo ships
  Transition to a More Competitive Fleet Composition Highly Resistant to Market Fluctuations
In the Dry Bulk Business Unit, which has an enormous presence in our business portfolio, the market plummeted to record-low levels after the 2008 financial crisis as the balance between supply and demand col- lapsed due to the supply glut of new vessels. These severe conditions continued over the long term. Under these circumstances, a large number of vessels in the business unit became unprofitable because of the high and rigid cost structure. Accordingly, the Dry Bulk Business Unit had become a major factor behind our sluggish business performance in the mid-2010s. Instead of just waiting for market recovery, we took proactive actions to improve profitability. In fiscal 2015, we implemented the Business Structural Reforms that involved sweeping actions to eliminate unprofitable vessels primarily in the Dry Bulk Business Unit. Although these reforms led to significant loss on the sale of vessels and losses associated with the cancellation of charter contracts, they allowed the business unit to successfully transition to a business model that can generate stable profits regardless of movements in the spot market.
Reducing Market Exposure within the Dry Bulk Fleet
   Changes in the External Environment
12
13
Implementation of the Business Structural Reforms
  Fiscal 2015 year-end
Fiscal 2016 year-end
Fiscal 2017 year-end
Fiscal 2018 year-end
12
 45
 43
  In the near future, we will almost certainly face difficulties in keeping appropriate and stable returns through conventional marine transport alone.
 46 27 27 46 21 33
   • Changes in trade patterns due to expanding protectionism, stagnation in seaborne trade
• Slowdown of the global economy
• Fleet supply pressure due to excess shipbuilding capabilities in China and South Korea
• Shift to a decarbonized society etc.
49 20 31
(%)
Owned or medium- and long-term chartered vessels with medium- and long-term contracts
Owned or medium- and long-term chartered vessels with short-term contracts (market exposure)
Short-term chartered vessels with short-term contracts

MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Overview of the “Rolling Plan 2019” Management Plan
Concentrated investment of management resources in the business fields where MOL has strengths, which will mainly be offshore businesses
Characteristics of the MOL Group’s Business Portfolio
One of the World’s Largest Full-Line Marine Transport Groups with a Highly Diversified Business Portfolio
• Unique business model that develops a wide range of highly competitive businesses as a group
Policy on the Allocation of Management Resources
To establish an optimal business portfolio that enables sustain- able growth, we analyze and evaluate all of our businesses periodically from two perspectives: the stability of profits and competitiveness compared with other companies. Based on this analysis and evaluation, we are strategically allocating
management resources into target fields. Under “Rolling Plan 2019,” we have clarified our intention to primarily invest man- agement resources into fields centered on offshore businesses where we can demonstrate our strengths.
 • The Group’s comprehensive strengths that enable the provision of one-stop solutions to the various transportation needs of customers
• Reduced market risks by a highly diversified business portfolio
• Accumulated marine technical skills and insights through horizontal expansion into various businesses
Strategy by Business
 Highly specialized*
Strategic Fields for Resource Allocation—Fields Where MOL Has Strength
In terms of our respective business strategies, while taking into account changes in the external environment, we have determined the following strategies for achieving growth by leveraging the strengths of each business to their fullest. To realize our vision to “Become a Group of Business Units with
No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas,” we will
further enhance the strengths of each business and accelerate initiatives to promote “stress-free services” that are truly convenient for customers.
Strategies for Growth
           Environmental and Emission-free Businesses
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
Terminal Business
Business
Dry Bulk Business
Energy Transport Business
             Chemical Tankers
NVOCC Business
Logistics Business
Iron Ore & Coal Carriers
LNG Carriers
Methanol Tankers
Offshore Businesses
Real Estate Business
Stable profits
Maritime Affairs
   Dry Bulkers
  Provide services based on customer needs such as solutions for environmental issues, etc.
                    Tankers
 Product tankers: Utilize a tanker pool to maintain service network while reducing market exposure and to ensure fee-based revenue
Chemical tankers: Become a total logistics solutions provider for liquid chemicals by actively expanding business domains vertically
     LNG Carriers
   Expand businesses in high-value-added fields where we can leverage our track record as an industry leader and vast insight
Expand the LNG bunker fuel supply business
  Offshore Businesses
Collaborate with companies that have the top position in each field and local partners with a massive regional presence
   Steaming Coal Carriers
  Build and introduce next-generation steaming coal carriers that offer benefits to customers in respect to safety, efficiency, and environmental performance, etc.
    LPG Tankers
Bulk Carriers
Crude Oil Tankers
Wood Chip Carriers
          Variable profits
Car Carriers
Product Tankers
Less specialized*
Steaming Coal Carriers
    Containerships
      Product Transport Business
    Car Carriers
 Reorganize service network with an emphasis on operational profitability while making the most of the cost competitiveness of the fleet
   Containerships
  Swift turn to profitability for ONE by optimizing cargo and service portfolio and generating synergistic effects of business integration
 Logistics
Develop asset-light businesses
   Ferries
 Capture demand through steady fleet expansion
   Associated Businesses
  Tugboats: Promote efforts toward new technologies and overseas businesses Real Estate: Actively develop overseas businesses
 • The size of the circle indicates the total amount of assets used (as of September 30, 2018).
• Dotted lines show directions and scale at which MOL is aiming.
* In plotting the vertical axis (from highly to less specialized), each business was considered compre- hensively after taking into account the perspectives listed below.
• MOL’s relative competitiveness • Versatility of vessel type • Niche or mass market • Competitive environment
Concentrated Investment of Management Resources to Further Enhance Our Strengths
   Offshore Businesses
FPSO, FSRU, Powership businesses, etc., where the knowledge and experience MOL has accumulated in LNG and energy transport can be applied to address envi- ronmental and emerging market needs
Chemical Tankers
Total logistics business for liquid chemicals, not limited to ocean transport by tankers
LNG Carriers
High-value-added, highly difficult LNG transport and handling businesses based on track records in areas such as operation of ice-breaking vessels
Ferries
Development of a cutting-edge ferry fleet, capitalizing on increasing demand caused by the modal shift
        14
15
Please see the “Overview of Operations by Segment” section on pages 58–69 for details on progress.
  
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Overview of the “Rolling Plan 2019” Management Plan
Enhancing Management Resources That Support Business Plans
Priority Areas for Development and Focus Areas for Fiscal 2019
Progress Made under “Rolling Plan 2018”
Leveraging Our Experience in Handling LNG and Operating FSRUs to Participate in the LNG-to-Powership Business
  To realize “stress-free services” that are truly convenient for customers, we have set our priority areas for development where we will work on a Companywide level. Under “Rolling Plan 2019,” we have additionally established two new focus areas for fiscal 2019. These are “Development of Groupwide
safety and quality management” and “Strategic actions for compliance with SOx regulations.” We will strive to improve our service quality and, by doing so, enhance the relative competi- tiveness of our overall businesses going forward.
In March 2019, we formed a partnership with Karpower International B.V.* in the LNG-to-Powership business. Under the brand name KARMOL, we are carrying out joint investment and business activities related to the Powership business so that we can become the world’s most reliable LNG-to-Powership solutions provider.
In the KARMOL brand LNG-to-Powership business, gas used as fuel will be supplied to the powership from an FSRU. The electricity generated by the powership will then be stably provided to shore grids and facilities. Leveraging our long- accumulated track record and expertise involving LNG carriers and FSRU businesses and Karpower’s insight on the construction, maintenance, and operation of powerships, which the company has cultivated as a pioneer in this business area, we aim to address the growing demand for electric power, primarily in emerging countries, through providing solutions that offer high added value in terms of cost competitiveness and low environ- mental impact.
We have positioned offshore businesses as a priority area for the investment of management resources in order to make use of our strengths to realize sustainable growth. With this new LNG-to-Powership business, not only will we aim to accumulate
stable profits, we will also work to strengthen the relative competitiveness of our overall offshore businesses by acquiring know-how through the provision of total solutions throughout the LNG value chain, from LNG transport to regasification and power generation.
We are currently in the middle of converting an LNG carrier into an FSRU that supplies gas to the powership. Going forward, we will jointly promote projects under the KARMOL brand and work to provide competitive energy solutions in a wide range of regions with growing energy demand. In these ways, we aim to establish a solid track record over the next several years.
* Karpower International B.V. is the core company involved in the Powership busi- ness under Karadeniz Holdings established in Turkey in 1948.
Powership owned by Karpower
  Priority Areas for Development (Continuing from fiscal 2017)
  Marine Technical Skills
Thoroughly enforce safe operations that underpin high-quality transportation and work to further improve ship management quality
Develop underlying technologies for autonomous sailing and promote the FOCUS Project , which aims to utilize the huge amount of data collected from operating vessels
Promote the construction of LNG-fueled vessels, etc.
Promote the LNG fuel supply business as well as studies and research on alternative fuels
Establish a driving force within the Group to promote environmental management (Environmental Management Committee created on April 1, 2019 as an organization under the Executive Committee)
  ICT
Technological Development
    Environmental and Emission-Free Business
  Workstyle Reforms
Promote workplace reforms FOCUS Project
The FOCUS Project aims to further enhance safe operation and reduce environmental burden by utilizing a vast number of onboard sensors to collect, thoroughly monitor, and analyze voyage and engine data from roughly 150 Company vessels under navigation.
Workplace Reforms
In May 2019, a newly established pilot office was opened on the fifth floor of our Head Office. Benefits of this pilot office are going to be studied in an effort to realize the workstyles we aim for.
    Development of Groupwide Safety and Quality Management
Focus Areas for Fiscal 2019
Visualize the status of Groupwide safety and quality
Improve Groupwide safety awareness and take specific measures
Take actions on a Groupwide basis in order to enable MOL-operated vessels to switch fuels safely and economically
Examine the effects of compliant oil on vessel performance in order to prevent any technical problems that may arise
  Strategic Actions for Compliance with SOx Regulations
   Please see the “Addressing Sustainability Issues” section on pages 26–41 for the progress of each initiative.
Identifying Sustainability Issues Linked to Our Rolling Plans
Our Group company for the chemical tanker business, the wholly owned subsidiary MOL Chemical Tankers Pte. Ltd., took several actions in fiscal 2018 with the aim of transforming itself into a total logistics provider for liquid chemicals.
First, in September 2018, MOL Chemical Tankers established SEA-MOL NV, a joint venture with the Belgian terminal company SEA-Tank Terminal Antwerp NV, with a view to participating in the tank terminal business. SEA-MOL is planning the construction of a liquid chemical storage terminal in the Port of Antwerp. This terminal will allow for connections between a diverse range of transportation means and serve as a hub for customers.
In January 2019, MOL Chemical Tankers acquired 100% of shares in a Danish chemical tanker operator, Nordic Tankers A/S. Through this acquisition, the company is now able to expand its global service network by incorporating the operational foundation of Nordic Tankers, which boasts strengths in the Atlantic Ocean and in South America. This in turn will allow the company to further extend its presence, which it has already firmly established in its core Pacific Ocean routes as well as routes between
the Middle East and Asia.
Furthermore, in February 2019 MOL Chemical Tankers acquired a 20% share in the Dutch tank container transport company Den Hartogh Holding B.V. and subsequently concluded a collaborative business partnership agreement. Den Hartogh is
a global logistics company that operates businesses centered on the transportation of liquid chemicals and gases by tank containers within Europe and all over the world.
Through these actions, MOL Chemical Tankers will strive to gain access to new customers while aiming to realize services that meet the diverse transport needs of customers, such as stream- lining of transportation flow utilizing tank terminals as a hub and small-lot transport via containers. At the same time, the company will work to generate synergies within the MOL Group from a broad range of perspectives, such as making use of human resources with expertise in the tank container and tank terminal businesses.
Overview of the Transition into
a Total Logistics Provider for Liquid Chemicals
• Expansion of global service network Acquisition of Nordic Tankers
• Response to diversifying demand for liquid chemical transport Participation in tank container business
• Vertical expansion in the supply chain Entrance into the tank terminal business
Year by year, the approach toward environmental and social issues is having a greater impact on a company’s management and corporate value. To continue to be a corporate group that can understand and meet the latent needs of customers and society in any time and accelerate the realization of our 10-year vision, we have identified Sustainability Issues (Materiality) that are
linked with our rolling plans. We will strive to respond to these issues simultaneously with the strategies we have adopted under “Rolling Plan 2019,” as represented by environmental and emission-free businesses. In doing so, we will try to maximize both our economic and social value.
Accelerating the Evolution into a Total Logistics Provider for Liquid Chemicals
   MOL’s Sustainability Issues (Materiality)
Value-added transport services
Marine and global environmental conservation Innovation for development in marine technology
Human resource cultivation and community development Governance and compliance to support businesses
Maximizing our economic and social value through efforts to address these issues
      16
17
MOL commenced operations of its first Arc7-class ice-breaking LNG carrier for the Yamal LNG project. Please see “Special Feature” on pages 20–25 for details.
 
            MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Message from the CFO
Road Map for Improving Profit
  Our basic strategy is to steadily accumulate “highly stable profits” while securing “other variable profits.” As for highly stable profits, which are generated by long-term contracts lasting two years or more, we are projecting increases to ¥55.5 billion, ¥58.0 billion, and ¥65.0 billion, in fiscal 2019, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2021, respectively. These increases will represent the result of our aggressive efforts to invest in LNG carriers and offshore businesses since the mid-2010s. With regard to other variable profits (losses), we regrettably posted a deficit in fiscal 2018 due to the impact of operational teething issues during the start-up period at the integrated containership business company, ONE. However, in fiscal 2019, ONE will turn profitable and with this turnaround we expect to see nearly balanced profits and losses on a basis that excludes the general management expenses of the Head Office. From fiscal 2020, we anticipate a return to the black. Accordingly, we believe that our medium-term target for ordinary profit levels of between
¥80.0 billion and ¥100.0 billion and return on equity (ROE) of between 8% and 12% are more than achievable.
 Takashi Maruyama
Senior Managing Executive Officer
 (¥ billion)
100
80
60
40
20
0 -20
Ordinary Profit Forecasts
Projected medium-term levels ¥80.0 billion–¥100.0 billion
 ¥38.5 ¥50.0 billion billion
56.2 55.5 58.0
65.0
         (¥ billion)
-150
-100
(¥ billion)
Cash Flows
Outlook for Cash Flows from Investing Activities in Fiscal 2019 (New projects internally approved for investment and potential investment projects)
Financial Strategy for “Rolling Plan 2019”
Our Role as a Crucial Member of Society
FY2018
FY2019 Forecasts
FY2020 FY2021 Plan Plan Highly stable profits (to be acquired)
Results
Highly stable profits (concluded contracts) Other variable profits (losses)
Transitional costs related to containership business integration
   A stable financial foundation is essential to achieving our 10-year vision of “Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas” under our “Rolling Plan.” For this to happen, we need to be able to continuously invest in businesses where we have a competitive advantage, first and foremost in our offshore businesses but also in LNG carriers, chemical tankers, and ferries and coastal RoRo ships. A stable financial foundation also provides us with enough credibility to guarantee the steady execution of long-term contracts, which can sometimes span over the course of 20 years or more, for the purpose of accumulating our priority—“highly stable profits.” Likewise, to offer our customers competitive freight and charter rates, it is imperative that we procure funds under more favorable conditions than our competitors. Accordingly, although our investment appetite is strong, we are practicing financial discipline while aiming for a gearing ratio of 2.0 times or less over the medium-term (the gearing ratio at the end of
fiscal 2018 was 2.11 times). In fiscal 2019, we plan to execute investment totaling net cash outflows of ¥135.0 billion, primarily in LNG carriers and offshore businesses. While we anticipate negative free cash flow, we are striving not to increase our interest-bearing debt. With this goal in mind, we rigorously select projects for investment using in-house indicators that give consideration to capital costs and combine various methods to minimize the balance sheet burden, such as the sale of assets including stock cross-holdings, the sale and lease-back of vessels, the utilization of secondhand vessels, and project financing. This approach has been received positively, allowing us to maintain a BBB (stable) rating from Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I) and an A- rating from Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR). In addition, our approach has garnered the support of a broad range of financial institutions, including megabanks, regional banks, government-affiliated financial agencies, and foreign banks.
Recently, institutional investors have been asking more often about our efforts toward achieving the SDGs. Since ancient times, the transport of goods by ship has enriched people’s lives. Even now, at the height of e-commerce, ocean shipping, which involves physical transport, is irreplaceable in the global consumer economy. The fact that the Company has been able to operate its businesses over 130 years is the result of its importance to the global economy as an artery of logistics. At the same time, it is undeniable that the marine transport industry places a burden on the global environment, including the emission of CO2 into the atmosphere from the consumption of fuel. With this reality, the industry has become increasingly concerned in recent years about contributing to environmental preservation. The strengthening of SOx regulations reflects this trend. Meanwhile, we believe that we can do more to help reduce the negative impact on the global environment than simply complying with regulations. For example, we can play a greater role through providing solutions that meet our customers’ needs related to environmental countermeasures and supplying clean energy, which we will develop as new businesses. While still small in scale, we have begun efforts toward the LNG bunker fuel supply business, participated in the offshore wind power generation facilities business, introduced LNG-fueled tugboats, and entered into the LNG-to-Powership business. In these ways, we are starting to see the fruits of our
efforts in a wide range of environmental fields that we have been pursuing.
In order to capitalize on the heightened global awareness of the SDGs from a financing perspective, we issued Green Bonds totaling ¥10.0 billion. These bonds are issued to institutional and individual investors for the sole purpose of funding environment-related projects. The issuing of Green Bonds to individual investors was unprecedented for a Japanese company, and with this new opportunity, we received a high rate of applications for the purchase. We will continue to utilize Green Bonds not only as a way to meet the needs of investors who wish to contribute to the environment and a better society but also as a tool for diversifying our fund-raising methods. On the back of this response, we plan to issue Sustainability Bonds in fiscal 2019, which will provide financing for projects that address issues related to the SDGs.
I firmly believe that a company cannot pursue business over the long term without providing value to society. As a global ocean shipping company, we will fulfill our role as a lifeline for people around the world while working to lessen the burden on the global environment. Through these efforts, as a crucial member of society we hope to gain the support of all our stakeholders, including our most valued—our customers.
Intended Use of Green Bond Funds
       -126.2
55.2
-135.0 75.0
150 100 50
2,000 1,500 1,000
Environment / IT / Others
  -100.8
2%
¥135.0 billion
LNG Carriers
98.3
Other Vessels
44%
  12%
Offshore Businesses
Project Name
  Amount (¥ billion)
  Ballast water treatment systems
5.5
SOx scrubbers
  2.2
  LNG bunkering vessels
1.4
LNG-fueled vessels (tugboats)
 0.7
 New PBCF
 0.2
 Total
  10.0
     -50
0 0 19%
FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 Results Results Forecasts
Cash flows from investing activities (left) Cash flows from operating activities (right)
Ferries / Associated Businesses / Terminals & Logistics
23%
  Increase investment in offshore businesses
Continue to carefully examine and select projects for investment
 Cash flows from investing activities in fiscal 2018 does not include amount invested in ONE.
18
19

 Potentiality of the Arctic
Due to growing concern over global warming, more emphasis is being placed on natural gas as a source of clean energy. As a result, worldwide demand for LNG is on the rise. Although roughly 30% of the world’s undiscovered natural gas reserves are said to lie beneath the Arctic Circle, the lack of proper means of transport has limited the full use of these resources. The Yamal LNG project became the first one to break through this situation.
The Yamal LNG Project
The Yamal LNG project is a large-scale LNG production and export project jointly owned by Russia-based Novatek, France- based Total, and China-based China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC). The project, which began operations in December 2017, enabled year-round LNG transport from Russia’s Yamal Peninsula to markets around the world by utilizing the world’s first Arc7* class ice-breaking LNG carriers. Leveraging our expertise of LNG carriers garnered from years of experience, we signed a long-term charter contracts for three Arc7 class ice-breaking LNG carriers and four conven- tional-type LNG carriers, and are now responsible for part of the overseas shipping for the project.
The LNG Transport Route from Yamal
LNG production capacity of Yamal and other Novatek- related LNG projects
18.0 million tons 16.5 million tons
5.5 million tons
2017 2018 2019
*
Ice-breaking and ice-resistant carriers are assigned an “ice class” based on their ice-breaking capabilities and degree of ice resistance as determined by hull strength and onboard equipment. There are nine classes determined by the Russian Maritime Register of Shipping: Ice1 to Ice3 and Arc4 to Arc9, with higher numbers denoting higher ice-breaking capabilities and a higher degree of ice resistance.
To Asia (Winter / Passage through Suez Canal)
To Europe (All-year)
Merits of the Northern Sea Route
As compared to the westbound sea route
Yamal LNG base (Sabetta port, Russia)
Increased safety from foregoing areas frequented by pirates
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Special Feature
MOL Opens Up a New Sea Route for LNG Trade ―Joining the Yamal LNG Project
The Yamal LNG is a project that ambitiously makes use of the world’s first Arc7 class ice-breaking LNG carriers to transport liquefied natural gas (LNG) from the plant in Russia’s Yamal Peninsula to markets around the world. The project continues to run smoothly, with our first of three vessels having been in operation over a year since March 2018, and the second one since October of the same year.
This section will describe the MOL Group’s bold venture into unknown territory, namely, entering the Northern Sea Route for LNG transport.
Operator Production timeline
Production volume Transport
| |
| | |
Train 2: 2018
20days
30%
20
21
Yamal LNG Project Yamal LNG
Time at sea reduced by approx.
CO2 emissions reduced by approx.
Train 1: 2017
Train 3: 2018
17.4 million tons/year (3 trains of 5.5 million tons plus 1 train of 0.9 tons)
Ice-breaking LNG carriers (Ice class Arc7): 15 (including three co-owned by MOL and China COSCO Shipping)
Conventional-type LNG carriers: 11 (including four co- owned by MOL and China COSCO Shipping)
Train 4: 2019
The most defining characteristic of the marine transport aspect of the Yamal LNG project is the use of Arc7 class ice-breaking carriers to open up the Northern Sea Route for LNG transport. High-spec ice-breaking carriers made it possible to pass through thick-ice eastbound sea routes in the summer, in addition to year-round use of the westbound sea routes where the ice is relatively thin. Most importantly, transport to East Asia, which requires 35 days going westbound through Europe
and the Suez Canal, is now possible in a considerably shorter time period of about 15 days by navigating eastbound. Establishment of the Northern Sea Route for LNG transport has major merits, including a significant reduction in CO2 emissions and lower transport costs, both a result of the shorter passage.
To Asia
(Summer / Northern Sea Route)
Arctic Ocean

 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Special Feature
July 2014 June 2017 December 2017 March 2018
July 2018
October 2018
November 2018
August 2019
End of 2019– End of 2020
           Project Timeline
MOL signs long-term charter contracts and shipbuilding contracts for three new ice-breaking LNG carriers
MOL signs long-term charter contracts and shipbuilding contracts for four conventional- type LNG carriers
MOL’s first ice- breaking LNG carrier christened the VLADIMIR RUSANOV
The VLADIMIR RUSANOV conducts first loading operation at Sabetta port
The VLADIMIR RUSANOV completes eastern transit via the Northern Sea Route, a much shorter passage than the route through the Suez Canal
The VLADIMIR VIZE, MOL’s second ice- breaking LNG carrier, begins operation
The VLADIMIR RUSANOV completes its first Ship-to-Ship LNG Transfer* operation
Scheduled completion of MOL’s third ice-breaking LNG carrier
Scheduled completion of MOL’s four conventional- type LNG carriers
  Entering the Unchallenged Route
The Yamal Peninsula, which means “the end of the world” in the local language, is an extremely cold land with air tempera- tures reaching -60°C in winter. The key issue was how to facilitate year-round transport of LNG from this place closed off by permafrost to Asia and Europe.
The revolutionary project that solved this crucial issue really began picking up steam in 2011. In 2013, Novatek, Total, and CNPC teamed up to materialize the plan of exporting LNG from a base at Sabetta port in the Eastern Yamal Peninsula. They called out for international marine transport companies who were willing to take part in the project. Due to the staggering amount of technical difficulty compounded by the political risks attached to the project, some companies were hesitant to be involved, but we, based on risk assessments honed over many years of business, judged that it was manageable. Ultimately, it was determined that a joint venture of MOL and China COSCO Shipping would own and operate three out of the 15 ice-breaking LNG carriers committed to the project, and accordingly shipbuilding orders for these ships were placed with Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co., Ltd in 2014. Out of all the marine transport companies in Japan, we were the only one participating in this project.
Overcoming Obstacles with Comprehensive Strength from Years of Experience
We faced a variety of obstacles in executing this unprecedented project, such as construction of special ships, training of the crew, and financing. For the ship construction, this project required the world’s first LNG carriers capable of breaking through ice up to 2.1-meters thick on its own, without the assistance of a separate ice-breaking ship.
Because LNG carriers must keep and carry LNG at -162°C in their tanks, even conventional-type ones require a particularly high level of technical prowess and safety measures compared to other merchant ships. To construct a ship with specifications required to withstand the harsh environment of the Arctic Ocean, even more careful and complicated steps have to be taken. To this end, all parties involved, including the shipyard, worked together from the planning stage to thoroughly uncover all possible risks. From there, we solved each issue through repeated trial and error, examining things from
Crew training was another issue. Navigation through polar waters requires compliance with the Polar Code,* which includes requisite training for crew members. At that time, none of our seafarers had polar sailing experience. Therefore, with the help of the outside partners, we had them complete special training from scratch.
Financing brought its own set of challenges. After concluding the shipbuilding agreement, sanctions against Russia were tightened, which forced us to adopt a different funding structure than we initially planned. However, we were able to achieve it by utilizing our deep well of financing experience across a range of projects.
It was our experience, expertise, and partnerships, accumulated through our many years of taking on challenges, that enabled us to overcome these various obstacles. Without a doubt, the success in this project was the fruit of our comprehensive capability as a marine transport company.
In December 2017, construction of our first ship was completed. The ship was christened the VLADIMIR RUSANOV, after the early 20th century Russian Arctic explorer and geologist. With the same trailblazing energy of its namesake, the VLADIMIR RUSANOV began operation in the Arctic Ocean in March 2018.
* International standards adopted by the International Maritime Organization (IMO) to ensure ship safety and environmental conservation for vessels navigating through polar waters.
Applying Accumulated Expertise to Bigger Challenges
Since the beginning of operation over one year ago, the VLADIMIR RUSANOV has been keeping good working order with no major trouble, and has been accumulating new accomplish- ments. Further progress is on the horizon, with our second ship having begun operation last year, and the third one set for completion this summer. At the same time, this opens up opportunities for us to apply the expertise acquired from the Yamal LNG project to other areas in the Arctic Ocean in addition to Russia, such as Canada or the coast of Alaska, that have also been confirmed to contain an abundance of resources. The Yamal LNG project was a challenge that took us into uncharted territory. With this accomplishment, we have cleared the path for new possibilities. Leveraging the experience acquired from this project, we will keep driving forward as one of the world’s leading marine transport companies.
20–30 year long-term contracts for a total increase of ¥100 billion in ordinary income
* A transfer of cargo between two ships positioned alongside each other
  Tackling the Northern Sea Route
To execute a project amid the cruel environment of the Arctic Ocean, some special specifica- tions had to be installed to the ships and specialized training for the crew had to be arranged. Below are some examples of such preparations.
Special Specifications for the Ships
Double-Acting Ice-Breaking System
One important feature of the ice-breaking LNG carriers to ensure safe and unfailing navigation, even through the thick ice covering the waters of the Arctic Ocean, is the “double-acting ice-break- ing system.”
Typically, the ship will navigate ahead through open water and thin ice, but when facing thick ice, it will turn 180° using the double-acting ice-break- ing system and proceed astern (backwards). By going astern, it can navigate through thicker ice up to 2.1 meters, as opposed to 1.5 meters with the bow ahead, because the stern is heavier and its shape is better suited for breaking ice. This is the first time that this technology has been adopted in an LNG carrier, and it plays an important role in the safe operation of the ship.
Specialized Training for Navigating the Northern Sea Route
The Polar Code, a set of international standards for shipping in polar regions, is set in place to ensure ship safety and environmental conservation. As we place the highest priority on safety measures for our ship crew, we give training to a broader range of crew members, not just the ones required by the code. Below are a few examples of such training.
On-Land Training for Icy Waters
At the Makarov Training Centre and Sovcomflot Training Centre in St. Petersburg, Russia, crew members acquire essential knowledge for ice navigation, including the characteristics of ice, and usage of ice charts. In addition, crew complete a practical training program for ice navigation maneuvers utilizing simulators at these facilities.
At-Sea Training for Icy Waters
The Polar Code requires that captains and first officers have a mini- mum of two months of experience aboard a vessel operating in a polar region. We managed to meet this requirement thanks to the cooperation from other companies. Our captains and first officers were given the opportunity to board ships transporting modules and materials for construction of the LNG plant in Sabetta of the Yamal LNG project, which were operated by two Dutch module ship and heavy carrier operating companies, and also atomic ice-breaking ships operated by Russian State shipping company Atomflot.
        different angles, for everything from the materials to structure.
22
23

  MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Special Feature
 “This Groundbreaking Project Would Not Have Succeeded without the Hard Work of All Its Crew Members.”
“There Is a Feeling That We Are Making History at This Very Moment.”
  To lead the world’s first ice-breaking LNG carrier project to success, we had to make careful preparations for navigating through a harsh natural environment and operating Arc7 ice-breaking LNG carriers. We had to complete not only ice navigation training as required by the Polar Code but also training for operating a type of propulsion engine with which the Company had no previous experience.
Training programs varied from those using simulators to numerous on-site ice naviga- tion training programs at sea. All in all, the thorough preparation spanned two and a half years.
The VLADIMIR RUSANOV is an ice- breaking LNG carrier that is equipped with outstanding specifications for adapting to severe environments and ensuring safety.
Still, there are hardships that you only experi- ence during the actual voyages. As we continued to take on new challenges such as ice trials,
eastward sailing to Asia, and Ship-to-Ship LNG Transfer operation, we occasionally faced extreme bad weather and ocean conditions. However, thanks to our well-trained crew members who came together to fulfill their duties and the well-designed special equipment onboard such as ice radars, we managed to overcome
these challenges. Overall, these voyages were extremely meaningful experience in which we were able to utilize
and confirm the effectiveness of our training and the proper functionality of the equipment
aboard the vessel.
In closing, I am extremely proud of
the fact that I was able to fulfill my duties as a member of this exceptionally challenging and groundbreaking project. The success of the voyage is the direct
result of the hard work and efforts of all crew members involved.
I am very proud that we are making important milestones in the Yamal LNG project, which is the very first to transport LNG from the Arctic Circle to the rest of the world. I strongly believe that this project has major social significance in a sense that it made year-round transport of the previously difficult-to-access natural gas locked in the Arctic Circle possible and that use of the eastbound Northern Sea Route greatly reduced transit time and the amount of CO2 emissions.
One of the key reasons why we got selected for the project was our experience and performance as a marine transport company boasting the world’s largest fleet of LNG carriers with a track record of safe operations. I also feel our attitude to actively having taken part in new overseas projects and the fact of having built mutual trust-based relationships with worldwide partners were taken positively.
To take on this new challenge, there were initially some concerns over the risks within the Company. However, we conducted independent risk assessments on the Northern Sea Route, identified each risk from every aspect including safety, financial, and political factors, and then established fully thought-out countermeasure for each risk. We were able to participate in this project because we finally had everyone on the same page after communicating closely with those within the Company who were skeptical, explaining the feasibility of the project properly and carefully, and earning their understanding.
Be that as it may, as one would expect with an unprec- edented project like this one, we faced considerable difficul- ties along the way. However, with any issue we faced, we were able to eventually overcome it by utilizing our accumulated knowledge and sometimes leveraging our network of outside partners. As an example, we had previous experience work- ing as partners with China COSCO Shipping, our joint venture partner in this project, and with Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, the company responsible for shipbuild- ing. These existing trust-based relationships were a major help in moving the project forward. As another example, we were able to leverage our Group connections and received cooperation from outside companies to secure opportunities for our crew’s required special training for Northern Sea Route operations. Execution of an LNG transport project requires all aspects of a marine transport company, including risk assessment before participation, negotiations until concluding the charter contract, supervision of shipbuilding, financing, post-construction ship management, and safe operation of the ship. Accomplishing this project, despite the many issues we had to overcome, is truly the result of
the comprehensive strength we have fostered up to this point. Fortunately, our first ship, the VLADIMIR RUSANOV, has been running well without any major issues. In addition, our
second ship began operation last year and our third will be delivered this summer. Operating the world’s first ice-break- ing LNG carriers gives us a feeling that we are making his- tory at this very moment. The project is off to an amazing start, but it is just the start. With the utmost care and atten- tion, we will strive for safe navigation and work to create a presence in the Northern Sea Route to be recognized as the top player.
  Robert G Valentine
Master / VLADIMIR RUSANOV
“The Project Progressed Smoothly Because We Dealt With Problems before They Appeared.”
 Over its first year, the VLADIMIR RUSANOV provided service continuously without halting operations once. This gives me confidence that the project is progressing well. In order to complete construction of this new type of ship on-schedule and according to the required specifications, we held risk assessment meetings with all parties involved, including the shipyard. Starting with the designing stage, we went over every aspect with a fine-tooth comb to figure out the potential risks and their countermeasures. By doing this, we were able to take actions to avoid anticipated difficulties we could face in later stages. In addition, I believe that the relationship with Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering that had already been cultivated from other projects we had worked
on together previously allowed for an open exchange of opinions at an early stage, which was one of the reasons that the project progressed so smoothly. With regard to
the technical aspect, we focused most
on ensuring safe and stable operations
of the vessel because we all understood that was the biggest issue for an LNG carrier that would navigate along the Northern Sea Route. In the event that the
ship was to stop in icy waters, not only would this be a danger to the crew members stuck at sea, but the ship would also be unable to keep the cooled LNG in its tanks, as LNG would vaporize even in the cold temperatures of the Arctic Ocean. In a worst-case scenario, this gas would have to be released into the atmosphere. To prevent this kind of situation, we incorporated mechanisms to enhance ship’s mobility, including the “double-acting ice-breaking system” and all the details such as the engine room design. Furthermore, we engaged in detailed dialogues with the crew members who were going to board the ship and incorporated their requests into the ship specifications.
The knowledge and experience we have acquired from this project, from risk assessment to actual
operation of the ship is invaluable, as it can only be gained by overcoming new challenges.
It will be a strength that we can leverage when taking on new projects and working
with other shipyards going forward.
I cannot wait to apply this expertise to our next project.
Kazuya Hamazaki
General Manager
Energy Transport Business Unit, LNG Carrier Division
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
 Yuta Orito
Coordinator, LNG Carrier Project Team Technical Division, Technology Innovation Unit Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
Stories from Key Members
 24 25

 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
 For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Overview of MOL’s Sustainability Issues (Materiality)
The MOL Group aims to improve its corporate value over the long term by minimizing
the negative social impact of its business activities while striving to maximize its social value through contributions to the SDGs and other efforts. For this purpose, we have newly identified Sustainability Issues (Materiality), which are deeply connected with “Rolling Plan 2019.”
Value-Added Transport Services
Marine and Global Environmental Conservation
Innovation for Development in Marine Technology
Human Resource Cultivation and Community Development
Issue related to all themes
Governance and Compliance to Support Businesses
  Large-volume, bulk transport services
High-quality transport services
Safe and reliable transportation
  Prevention of marine pollution
Promotion of measures to mitigate climate change
Elimination of maritime accidents
Prevention of work- related injuries
Elimination of cargo accidents
Promotion of LNG fuel usage
Realization of autonomous sailing
      Reduction of air pollution
Response to environ- mental regulations
Pursuit of workstyle reforms
Development of human resources
Promotion of diversity
     Contribution to regional revitalization
Advancement in
the Wind Challenger Project
     Employment of high-quality seafarers
 Realization of transport means with low environmental burden
     Process for Identifying Materiality
STEP STEP STEP
STEP
  1234
List each item pertaining to the Sustainability Issues
Evaluate and map each item related to the Sustainability Issues (Diagram on the right)
Analyze risks and opportunities for each item
Finalize the Sustainability Issues
Small
Impact on the MOL Group’s businesses
Large
 1
vices,” which MOL will offer from the customer’s perspective
2 Provision of “stress-free ser- 3 Promotion of environmental strategies and development of the emission-free business into a core business
P28
P32
P36
P38
P42
Concentrated investment of management resources in the business fields where MOL has strengths, which will mainly be offshore businesses
     Sustainability Issues (Materiality)
Themes / Targets / Goals
Risks
(Negative impact in the event the goal on left is not achieved)
Opportunities (Positive impact in the event the goal on left is achieved)
Main SDGs contributed to
Three core strategies for realizing the 10-year vision
1
2
Management Plan “Rolling Plan 2019”
3
Five priority areas for development
Marine Technical Skills
ICT
Technological Development
Environmental and Emission-Free Business
Workstyle Reforms
           Value-Added Transport Services
• Safe and reliable transportation
• Large-volume, bulk transport services • High-quality transport services
• Elimination of maritime accidents
• Elimination of cargo accidents
• Prevention of work-related injuries
• Slowdown in economic activities and logistics
• Loss of trust in the Company from society
• Economic burden and damage to assets due to
an accident
• Risk of casualties as a result of an accident
• Contribution to active economic activity and creation of new transport demand
• Contribution to establishment of energy infrastructure in emerging countries
• Long utilization of vessels through appropriate ship maintenance, which leads to enhancement of competitiveness
• Cultivation of operational insight
               Marine and Global Environmental Conservation
• Prevention of marine pollution
• Promotion of measures to mitigate
climate change
• Reduction of air pollution
• Response to environmental regulations
• Realization of transport means with low
environmental burden
Climate Change
• Decline in energy transport volume
• Delay in response to changing transport
demand and trade dynamics
• Obstruction to safe operation caused by
extreme climate conditions
• Incorporation of new transport demand and establishment of new transport model that quickly captures changes in cargo movements
• Development of new sailing routes (Arctic Ocean)
                Response to Regulations
• Disruption to vessel operation
• Loss of trust in the Company from society • Economic burdens such as fines
and sanctions
• Decrease in environmental burden and reduction of transport costs by utilizing new technologies
• Involvement in environmental rule creation
             Innovation for Development in Marine Technology
• Promotion of LNG fuel usage
• Advancement in the Wind Challenger Project* • Realization of autonomous sailing
• Obsolescence of existing technologies
• Inability to respond to shortage of seafarers
in the future
• Reduction of environmental burden by the widespread use of LNG fuel and the application of natural energy
• Improved competitiveness of offshore businesses and marine transport
• Enhanced ability to respond to environmental regulations
           Human Resource Cultivation and Community Development
• Employment of high-quality seafarers • Development of human resources
• Pursuit of workstyle reforms
• Promotion of diversity
• Contribution to regional revitalization
• Loss of outstanding human resources • Decline in productivity
• Improvement of human resource competitiveness through recruitment of outstanding talent and improved work productivity
• Promotion of innovation and response to business opportunities
• Incorporation of various ideas by attracting a diverse pool of talent from all over the world
• Economic development and a higher standard
of living in emerging countries
           Governance and Compliance to Support Businesses
• Adherence to fair business transactions
• Prevention of bribery and corruption
• Establishment of information security structure • Prevention of harassment
• Protection of human rights
• Business continuity risks due to insufficient governance and internal controls
• Corrupted corporate culture
• Highly transparent and fair management
• Decision-making based on appropriate risk
management
                                               * The Wind Challenger Project is a joint industry–academia research project that aims to significantly reduce the amount of fuel consumed by large vessels by maximizing
the use of wind power through the installation of massive sail panels on vessels. MOL participates and is promoting the Wind Challenger Project, which commenced in 2009.
26 27
Importance to stakeholders / Impact on society
Large

 Value that MOL Provides
Offshore Businesses
Drawing on our expertise and techniques cultivated in the field of energy transport through the operation of LNG carriers and tankers, we work to offer solutions beyond transportation, such as FSRUs and FPSOs, to meet the demand for energy primarily in emerging countries.
Terminals
We operate container terminals in five locations in Japan and eight locations overseas,* and also provide stevedore services across Japan for car carriers and other conventional cargo ships. Accordingly, we have developed a comprehensive terminal business.
Logistics
Making full use of our wide-ranging network that spans across 27 countries, we deliver a diverse combination of logistics services to our customers, including marine, air, and land transportation as well as customs clearance and warehouse management.
* Overseas container terminal business is scheduled to be transferred to the integrated containership business company, ONE.
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Value-Added Transport Services
Through the transportation of various goods, such as resources, energy, raw materials, and products, the MOL Group supports people’s lives and industries around the world. By continuing to provide efficient, safe, and reliable transport services sustainably, which is the core of our business, we will fulfill our role as an important part of economic and social infrastructure.
Percentage of Marine Transport within Japan’s Overall Trade Volume
99.6
%
Source: Japan’s Marine Transport Shipping Now 2018–2019, Japan Maritime Public Relations Center
World Population and Volume of Cargo Transported at Sea
28
29
Based on the track record and expertise we have gained in our over 130-year history, we provide safe and reliable transport services on a daily basis. In addition, through the operation of a diverse fleet that is world-leading in scale, we are able to offer large volume and low-cost transport services for various cargoes.
Dry bulkers
Tankers
LNG carriers
Car carriers
Containerships
Customers
Food manufacturers
Paper manufacturers
Iron and steel producers
Electric power companies
Oil companies
Gas companies
Automobile and construction equipment manufacturers
Other manufacturers
Trading houses Forwarders
Marine
Transport
(Billions of people)
20 15 10
5
0
Average annual growth rate forecast
(Billions of tons)
Average annual growth rate
1.0% 10.0 7.5
4.6%
1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 2020 2030 2040 2050
Source: Results for cargo movements were taken from Clarksons. Results and forecasts for world population were taking from the United Nations. Forecasts for future cargo movements are based off Company calculations.
Forecasts for future cargo movements after 2019
5.0
2.5
0
World population (left)
Volume of cargo transported at sea (right)
End-consumers

 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
 For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Value-Added Transport Services
Pursuing Safe Operation That Supports High-Quality Transport Services
In sustainably providing value to society through transportation, the most important element is ensuring reliable safe operation. To visualize the process for achieving safe operation, MOL adopted the “4 Zeroes” (zero serious marine incidents, zero oil pollution, zero fatal accidents, and zero cargo damage) as its goals and monitors the continuous number of days that “4 Zeroes” are achieved. In this way, we are increasing the safety awareness among all employees in their daily duties. In addition to the 4 Zeroes, we have other key performance indicators (KPIs) listed below. For this year in particular, we have adopted “Development of Groupwide safety and quality management” as a focus area under “Rolling Plan 2019” and all corporate officers and employees of the Group are prioritizing efforts to realize the world’s highest standards for safe operation.
Safe Operation Management Structure
       KPIs Related to the Thorough Enforcement of Safe Operation
1234
Formulation of the MOL Safety Standard Specifications
Based on the lessons learned from serious marine incidents that occurred in the past, we formulated the MOL Safety Standard Specifications in 2006 with the goal of ensuring a high level of safety on all our vessels. These standard specifications are revised occasionally as necessary. The kind of specifications a vessel should be equipped with are determined to better ensure the prevention of collation and grounding, fire, flooding and loss of stability, oil leakage at sea and environmental pollution, and workplace accidents, which all have a significant impact on society and on Company profits. We apply such specifications to MOL-operated vessels.
Cultivation of a Safety-Oriented Culture
MOL implements a vast range of initiatives with the hope of foster- ing an awareness of safe operation in each employee. In our Safety Campaigns, which we conduct twice a year, directors and employ- ees gather together onboard our ships to share information and exchange opinions on accident prevention. Furthermore, we have been holding annual Safety Conferences for seafarers on leave at locations across the globe since 2007. They are important
opportunities to learn about actual accidents and work-related disasters and actively discuss the causes and measures to be taken to prevent reoccurrence.
Establishment of the Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC)
The SOSC was established in 2007 within the Head Office under the motto “Never let the captain get isolated.” The SOSC is staffed by two marine technical specialists, including an experienced MOL captain. By monitoring the weather, sea, and other conditions surrounding the approximately 830 vessels operated by the MOL Group, the SOSC provides information on vessel operation in a timely fashion.
The SOSC provides assistance to all ship captains 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Progress on Autonomous Sailing Using ICT
Please see page 37 for details
(examples of MOL’s technological innovation).
The Operational Safety Committee, chaired by the president, deliberates and determines basic policies and measurements for ensuring and thoroughly enforcing the safe operation of all Group vessels.
In addition, we have the Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC), which monitors and supports the safety of Group vessels.
* MOL Ship Management Co., Ltd. and MOL LNG Transport Co., Ltd.
Organizational Structure Supporting Safe Operation
  Efforts to Achieve Safe Operations
      Continuous achievement
of the 4 Zeroes for:
• Serious marine incidents • Oil pollution
• Fatal accidents
• Cargo damage
Trend in Lost Time Injury Frequency (LTIF)
Average Operational Stoppage Time and Operational Stoppage Accident Rate
(Number of accidents per vessel)
 2.0
1.6
1.2 Average among marine transport industry in 2018 (1.20)
(Hours per vessel)
2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
0
2017 2018 (Fiscal year)
Response to Allision of the NIPPON MARU in the Port of Guam
 Average among all industries in 2018 (1.83)
40 30 20 10
0
MOL’s target for average operational stoppage time (24 hours or less)
MOL’s target for operational stoppage accident rate (1.00 or below)
In December 2018, the NIPPON MARU, which is operated by Group company Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line, Ltd., allied into a pier in the Port of Guam. Following the occurrence, Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line received an order from Japan’s Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism to ensure the safety of its transport services. The company has submitted the reoccurrence prevention measures, which are listed on the right, and its presi- dent and responsible officers have all taken pay cuts. The Master and Chief Engineer who were onboard the vessel at the time of the incident have been severely reprimanded in accordance with in- house disciplinary regulations. MOL solemnly recognizes the inadequacies of Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line that have been brought to light as a result of this incident, and has reduced the pay of its president and responsible officers. We offer our sincerest apologies for the inconvenience and concern caused to the passengers and all the people affected. We will monitor and
support the measures that Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line implements to prevent any such incident from reoccurring. At the same time, we will make concerted efforts for “Development of Groupwide safety and quality management,” which was adopted as a focus area for the current fiscal year under “Rolling Plan 2019.”
Outline of Measures to Prevent Reoccurrence
1 -1. Hold regular trainings to improve operational techniques -2. Strengthen education on internal alcohol management
regulations
2 Conduct inspections to prevent employees from working under the influence of alcohol
3 Establish an effective safety management structure on its own initiative
4 Implement policies to strengthen safety management as a company
    0.8 0.4 0
2014
MOL’s target since fiscal 2015 (0.7 or below)
      2015
2016
2017
2018 (Fiscal year)
2014 2015 2016
Regarding the above KPIs, in fiscal 2018 we were unable to achieve 1 . as an accident regrettably occurred where the cargo space of a MOL-operated vessel caught fire. Also, as on the graph above, we were unable to achieve 3 .
*1
*2 *3
Number of work-related accidents per one million hours worked that resulted in time lost from work of one day or more. In the scope of calculations, we originally included only workplace illnesses and injuries requiring disembarkation from the ship. The LTIF criteria was strengthened from fiscal 2015, and now includes any workplace illness or injury that prevents a worker from resuming even a reduced workload on that day, regardless of whether the illness or injury requires disembarkation. Reference: 2018 average for all industries: 1.83, 2018 average in the marine transport industry: 1.20 (Source: 2018 Survey on Industrial Accidents issued by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
The amount of ship operational stoppage time due to an accident per ship per year The number of accidents that result in operational stoppage per ship per year
LTIF*1: 0.7 or below
Average operational stoppage time:*2 24 hours or less per vessel each year
Average operational stoppage time (left)
Operational stoppage accident rate (right)
Operational stoppage accident rate:*3 1.00 or below per vessel each year
Please visit the following website for more details on measures to prevent reoccurrence in response to the order to ensure
safety (Only available in Japanese).
https://www.nipponmaru.jp/news/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/19f37d3ff3180b1ead02a9b720f49d70.pdf
Operational Chairman: President
Safety Committee Vice Chairman: Director General of Safety Operations Headquarters
 Safety Operations Headquarters
Marine Safety Division
Smart Shipping Division
Marine Technical Management Division
LNG Marine Technical & Ship Management Strategy Division
Ship management companies*
   30 31
Executive Committee

 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
 For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Marine and Global Environmental Conservation
MOL has identified five important themes for the Sustainability Issue of “Marine and global environmental conservation,” which are “Prevention of marine pollution,” “Promotion of measures to mitigate climate change,” “Reduction of air pollution,” “Response to environmental regulations,” and “Realization of transport means with low environmental burden.” We are taking specific measures to address these important themes, such as reducing CO2, SOx, and NOx emissions, thorough ballast water management in order to preserve biodiversity, and selecting vessel demolition yards from a stand- point of the impact to the environment. At the same time, we are examining new initiatives for reducing marine plastics.
To Curtail Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
Response to Other Environmental Regulations
SOx Regulations
The SOx regulations limit the percentage of sulfur content in fuel in order to curtail the amount of sulfur in gas emissions. Starting in January 2020, the IMO will lower the current limit of 3.5% or less to 0.5% or less.
There are primarily three ways to comply with the tightening regulations: Use compliant oil, install SOx scrubbers, and use LNG or other alternative fuels. While our approach for the time being focuses mainly on the use of compliant oil, we are exam- ining the best choice for each of our vessels.
SOx Regulations
  Compliant oil
 • In anticipation of tighter SOx regulations, we are implementing combustion tests using sample fuels at the MOL Group’s technological research centers to confirm performance and stability during use. We also implement trials with actual vessels, such as car carriers and tankers.
• We are engaging in procurement negotiations with leading suppliers around the world, including major oil companies. In Singapore, which is a major port for bunkering (oil replenishment), we have secured a large part of the necessary amount of compliant oil for all MOL vessels for use during fiscal 2019.
• Compliant oil costs more than heavy oil, which has been used conventionally. As such, the cost of bunker fuel is expected to rise. We believe that the costs related to environmental initiatives implemented on a global scale is something that should be shared among the whole society. We are working to gain the understanding of our customers for reflecting the additional fuel costs in freights and other fees.
 SOx scrubbers
 • We are installing SOx scrubbers primarily for larger vessels such as Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs) and Capesize bulkers, because such larger vessels can recover the cost of such installation more quickly. It is scheduled that we install SOx scrubbers on approximately 60 vessels across the Group by 2022, including cases where it is at the request of our customers.
 LNG and other alternative fuels
  Please see page 36 for our efforts toward LNG-fueled vessels (Innovation for Development in Marine Technology).
    Compared with other transportation methods, the amount of CO2 emissions and air pollutants from marine transport per transport unit is remarkably small because a large volume of cargo can be moved all at once. However, we cannot ignore the fact that marine transport contributes to the overall amount of emissions being
CO2 Emitted When Transporting One Ton of Cargo One Kilometer
released into the atmosphere, having a negative impact on the environment. Accordingly, we have adopted GHG emissions targets under MOL Group Environmental Vision 2030, which was formulated in April 2017, in order to make active efforts to reduce GHG emissions as an eco-minded company.
Ballast Water Management
Ballast Water Management Convention
The Ballast Water Management Convention highlights the negative impact of the cross-border transfer of foreign marine organisms, which occurs when vessels release ballast water, on marine ecosystems. Under the convention, all vessels are mandated to install ballast water treatment systems by 2024.
In anticipation of the enactment of the Ballast Water Management Convention, adopted by the IMO, we decided to make the installation of ballast water management systems a Companywide policy in fiscal 2014. As of April 2019, we have
Ship Recycling
Ship Recycling Convention
The Hong Kong International Convention for the Safe and Environmentally Sound Recycling of Ships (Ship Recycling Convention) was adopted by the IMO in May 2009. The convention is not yet in effect as it is still in the ratification process in each country. However, after its implementation the Ship Recycling Convection will require inventory lists showing the quantity and location of hazardous materials on ships.
completed installation of these management systems on 142 vessels, which is roughly 54% of owned vessels.
  Large containerships
Crude oil tankers
Dry bulkers Trucks*3 Cargo planes*4
0
3.0 2.9 2.5
18,000 TEU*1 type 200,000 DWT*2 or more 200,000 DWT or more
100 80 60 40 20 0
(Thousands of tons)
Loading port
Impact on marine ecosystem
On the other hand, ballast water is discharged when loading cargo as the weight it provides is no longer needed.
CO2 Emissions of MOL Vessels
Ballast Water Mechanism
Discharging port
Marine organisms
Ballast water is taken in to provide weight as the draft rises due to the unloading of cargo.
               *1 Twenty feet E0quivalent Un1i0t0
*2 Deadweight Tonnage
Source: Challenges in the Marine Transport Industry,
The Japanese Shipowners’ Association
80
100
435
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
2018 (Fiscal year)
200
300 400
300 400
500 (g) 500
 *3 Over20400 tons *4 Boeing 747
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
  GHG Emissions Targets under MOL Group Environmental Vision 2030 (Compared with fiscal 2014 / Per transport unit)
In April 2018, the IMO*5 determined GHG emissions targets*6 in accordance with the Paris Agreement.*7 Based on the IMO targets, we are currently considering revisions to our targets as well as concrete measures for achieving these targets.
Per transport unit assuming fiscal 2009 as 100 (left) Total amount (right)
Road Map to Reduce GHG Emissions
(%)
50
25
When we demolish a ship, we select yards that are verified by ClassNK* for compliance with the Ship Recycling Convention. In addition, we are working on making inventory lists in accordance with the Ship Recycling Convention.
* Nippon Kaiji Kyokai, or ClassNK, is an international ship classification society. ClassNK carries out vessel surveys and also examines and monitors vessels in operation and issues certificates of vessel classification.
  Fiscal 2030
 Fiscal 2050
 25% reduction
  50% reduction
  Innovation such as application of alternative fuels, etc. Offset environmental impact through emission trading
 Please refer to the Environmental Data section on our corporate website for more details.
https://www.mol.co.jp/en/csr/environment/data/index.html
*5 The International Maritime Organization (IMO) is a specialized agency of the United Nations established in 1958 to promote collaboration among government agencies on a variety of issues in the maritime field, including marine safety and the preven- tion of marine pollution by vessels.
*6 At the 72nd meeting of its Marine Environment Protection Committee, held in April 2018, the IMO determined targets for reducing the GHG emissions of international shipping sector. These targets aim to improve fuel efficiency of the sector compared with 2008 levels by 40% or more by 2030, and by 70% or more by 2050. In addition, these targets strive for a 50% reduction in total GHG emissions by 2050, while
encouraging efforts toward eventually eliminating GHG emissions as quickly as
possible within the 21st century.
*7 In the Paris Agreement, a long-term target was set for keeping a global temperature
rise this century well below 2°C compared with pre-industrial levels. The agreement
also aims to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase even further, to 1.5°C. *8 The Energy Efficiency Design Index (EEDI) is an index used during the design of a new ship to calculate the ship’s theoretical CO2 emissions on a g/ton-mile basis.
The required EEDI reduction rate in each phase is as follows: Phase 1= 10%, Phase 2= 20%, and Phase 3= 30%–50% (depending on type of vessel)
Introduce LNG-fueled vessels, Wind Challenger Project, etc.
0
2050 (Fiscal year)
Achieve EEDI*8 reduction target / Enhance vessel operational efficiency, including slow steaming / Vessel upsizing, etc.
Environmental Management Structure
2014 2030
Environment-related policies were previously discussed at meet- ings of the Technology, Innovation and Environment Committee, the CSR Committee, or others. In April 2019, we established
the Environmental Management Committee, which serves under the Executive Committee and is chaired by the vice president, to confirm important management issues to address and strengthen necessary efforts. In addition to formulating environmental targets and monitoring progress made toward reaching these targets, the Environmental Management Committee will be in charge of
promoting environmental and emission-free businesses, which we aim to establish as core businesses in the future.
Structure for Promoting the Environmental Initiatives
 Environmental Management Committee
  Executive Committee
  Corporate Planning Division
 New & Clean Energy Business Division
SOx 2020 Regulation Response Committee
  Technology Innovation Unit
 32 33

                                                                              MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
 In the management plan announced in fiscal 2017, we set our goal to develop environmental and emission-free businesses into core businesses in the future. Since then, we have proceeded with various efforts to achieve this goal. Over the past three years, a total of ¥18.4 billion has been invested in environment- related areas.
Environmental Investments
Environment-related R&D activities
Utilization and expansion of existing environmental technologies
Responses to environmental regulations
Initiatives to save bunker fuel
Initiatives of Group companies
Total
0.4 0.5
0.5 0.8
3.1 3.1
1.1 0.8
0.3 0.5
5.4 5.7
(Billions of yen) 0.9
1.8
3.6
0.6
0.4
7.3
Scenario Analysis
In 2018, with the support of the Ministry of Environment and under TCFD recommendations, we conducted scenario analysis on a trial basis where we incorporated climate-related risks and opportunities into our management strategies. In this trial, we made an estimation of transport volumes, fleet demand, and other factors under the 2°C and 4°C scenarios.*1 In doing so, we examined the impact of higher temperatures on our businesses and measures we can implement going forward. More details of our analysis are available in the Practical Guide
for Scenario Analysis in Line with TCFD Recommendations, which was published by the Ministry of the Environment.
Based on the insight we have gained through this trial,
we will further deepen our scenario analysis, impact evaluation, and examination of future measures, and work to reflect the results in our management strategies.
*1 Climate scenarios announced by such organizations as the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). The 2°C Scenario is a scenario in which the necessary measures are implemented to control temperature increases to 2°C or less. The 4°C Scenario is a scenario in which economic initiatives and additional measures to address climate change are not implemented.
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Marine and Global Environmental Conservation
Our Efforts to Address Environmental Issues
Participation in Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
We endorse the recommendations of the TCFD.
   Fiscal 2016
  Fiscal 2017
  Fiscal 2018
     For more details, please see pages 39–49 of the Practical Guide for Scenario Analysis in Line with TCFD Recommendations
  (Only available in Japanese ).
http://www.env.go.jp/policy/Practical_guide_for_Scenario_Analysis_in_line_with_TCFD_recommendations.pdf
   Progress in Environmental and Emission-Free Businesses
We have adopted “Promotion of environmental strategies and development of the emission-free business into a core business” as one of the three core strategies under “Rolling Plan 2019.”
We are taking an approach toward establishment of environmental and emission-free businesses as the pillar for the next generation from four different perspectives: Renewable energy business, Alternative fuel business, CO2 emissions reduction business, and Environmental value creation business.
CO2 Emissions Reduction Business
Support emissions reductions
  Fields where MOL is already involved in
Renewable Energy Business
Potential fields for MOL’s involvement
PBCF / Utilization of wind power as energy (for vessel propulsion) / Northern Sea Route / LNG to Powership /
CO2 capture and storage (CCS) / Sale of highly energy- efficient equipment (storage batteries, LED lighting, etc.) Propeller Boss Cap Fins
(PBCF) is a kind of propeller
attachment jointly developed
by MOL, Akishima
Laboratories (Mitsui Zosen)
Inc., and MOL Techno-Trade,
Ltd. that helps reduce the
resistance to ship propulsion.
In 2017, MOL Techno-Trade commenced sales of an upgraded version of PBCF, which has been confirmed to reduce a vessel’s fuel consumption by 5% compared to a ship without a PBCF.
Navigation of Northern Sea Route
 Please see page 20 (Special Feature) for details.
Environmental Value Creation Business
Create value from environmental activities themselves and conduct related trading activities
Green finance / Investment in energy-saving and renew- able energy venture companies / Emission rights businesses (Sale of carbon offsets)
In fiscal 2018, we issued a total of ¥10.0 billion in Green Bonds for the purpose of raising funds for our green projects, ¥5.0 billion of which sold to individual investors for the first time as a Japanese company.
In addition, in July 2019 we plan on issuing a total of ¥20.0 billion in Sustainability Bonds, which extends the usage of the funds to projects that address issues related to the SDGs.
 Generate and deliver eco-friendly electricity
Offshore wind power generation /
Biomass power generation / Solar power generation
In March 2017, we invested in Seajacks International Limited, which owns and operates Self-Elevating Platform (SEP) vessels used for installation of offshore
wind power generation systems,
thereby entering the renewable energy business. Going forward, we will continue to contribute to the progression of the renewable energy field.
Alternative Fuel Business
Utilize and transport using innovative fuels
LNG fuel supply / LNG-fueled vessels / Methanol- fueled vessels / Biomass fuel / Hydrogen transport Progress in LNG-fueled vessels
 Please see page 36 for details (Innovation for Development in Marine Technology).
*2 Electric Vehicles
*3 Fuel Cell Vehicles
   Future Measures to Mitigate Climate Change
  Soft measures
  • Impose output limits on ship’s main engine to curtail CO2 emissions / Conduct further slow steaming
• Enhance operational efficiency by keeping the fastest route and optimal trim using the Internet of Things (IoT)
 Hard measures
• Install energy-saving equipment in new and existing vessels
• Construct LNG-fueled vessels
• Promote the Wind Challenger Project
• Expand joint industry–academia research and R&D investment aimed at next-generation fuels, such as biofuel, as
well as technological innovation of ships
 Business portfolio change
 • Expand renewable energy businesses such as offshore wind power generation and related businesses
• Further develop offshore businesses such as FSRUs, which promote the use of eco-friendly LNG fuel, and the LNG-to-
Powership business
 Response to climate- related regulations and conditions
  • Collaborate with related organizations to get involved in the formulation of rules at IMO
• Collect information on carbon pricing and take action accordingly
• Strive to deepen society’s understanding regarding the higher costs that come with efforts to reduce CO2 emissions
      MOL’s Vision of the World under the 2°C Scenario
Cleaner society, shift toward renewable energy, and decrease in fossil fuel demand
Increased use of EVs*2 and FCVs*3
    Shift toward local production &
Government
Carbon tax hike
CO2
Iron and steel
FCV
EV
Clean energy
SOx NOx
   consumption which is low-carbon
Expansion of carbon tax / Decrease in fossil fuel demand
Further utilization of Northern Sea Route using ice-breaking vessels
MOL
H2
Fossil fuel
Decline in demand due to the transition toward lighter automobiles
Development of next-generation fuels
CO2
Hydrogen
H2
H2
Biofuel
        MOL
Acceleration of EEDI / Initiatives on GHG emission reduction / Tightening of SOx and NOx regulations
IMO
Aim for zero GHG emissions by
the end of the century
    Increase in demand for offshore wind power generation
34 35

 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Innovation for Development in Marine Technology
To realize the 10-year vision, the MOL Group has established the three core strategies, including “Provision of ‘stress- free services,’ which MOL will offer from the customer’s perspective” and “Promotion of environmental strategies and development of the emission-free business into a core business.” With a view to executing these strategies, we are promoting technological development using natural energy and information and communications technology (ICT).
Basic Policy on Technological Innovation
Examples of MOL’s Technological Development
  For technological development in the marine industry, the focus had been on underlying technologies for the parts of ship. In recent years, the potential has expanded further due to the rapid development of ICT such as IoT and big data.
Centered on the ISHIN NEXT—MOL SMART SHIP PROJECT,
which commenced in November 2016, we aim to spur logistics innovation that captures the future needs of customers and society through both ICT and Technological Development, two of the priority areas for development adopted under our man- agement plan.
Achievement of Safe Operation through Pursuing Autonomous Sailing
Autonomous sailing is one of the projects we are working on in the ICT area, a priority area for development under management plan. By promoting ICT utilization based on the marine technical skills that we have gained over our long history, we are working to prevent human errors, which are the majority cause of maritime accidents, and help ensure the appropriate recognition, decision-making, and
Current Progress
1 Development of navigation system using AR*1 technology
that provides visual support to crew members during their watch-keeping and vessel’s operations
The system integrates real-time video images from the bridge camera with other vessels’ information from the AIS*2 and radar (ship type, size, position, direction, speed, etc.), and displays on tablets and screens (pictured on right).
2 Research and development toward creating algorithm for avoiding areas where the risk of collision is high
3 Promotion of the Auto Berthing and Un-Berthing Demonstration Project (with the goal of implementing a demonstration test in 2020)
operation by crew members. In these ways, we are striving to provide safer and more high-quality transport services.
Currently, we are considering technological development for supporting vessel operation in congested sea areas and arrival / departure maneuvering as one of the utmost priorities. To that end, we are working to achieve the mechanization of watch-keeping and vessel operation, as well as auto berthing and un-berthing.
Future Targets (After 2025)
Automatic Watch-Keeping
Vessel’s Automatic Operation
Complete Auto Berthing and Un-Berthing
   Our Goals
1 Eliminate human error and achieve safe operation by leveraging automated technologies
2 Develop eco-ships using natural energy
3 Develop vessels using alternative fuels that help reduce CO2 emissions
4 Expand the installation of equipment for collecting vessels’ operational data and create next-generation types of ship management support systems
Autonomous Sailing
Wind Challenger Project
LNG-Fueled Vessels
FOCUS Project
Release of FOCUS Project Part I “Fleet Viewer” Application—Aiming for the Visualization of Marine Operations
In order to realize the visualization of marine operations through enhancing collection and utilization of vessel operation data, we are promoting FOCUS Project jointly with Mitsui E&S Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. and Weathernews Inc.
By utilizing voyage and engine data collected from approximately 150 vessels, we are developing applications for more advanced vessels’ operation monitoring and propulsion performance analysis. In doing so, we aim to strengthen the safe operation and reduce the environmental burden in marine transport. In May 2019, we launched “Fleet Viewer,” an application geared toward reinforcing vessel management, as Part I of the FOCUS Project. “Fleet Viewer” collects nearly 6,000 sensing data at a high frequency (one-minute intervals) including the operational status of all equipment, vessel position, and ocean and weather information. All data is shared among vessels and various locations on shore.
As Part II of the FOCUS Project, we plan on releasing a new
Commencement of Service of the LNG-Fueled Tugboat ISHIN
LNG fuel is a clean energy source which gives off less CO2 and SOx emissions compared with fossil fuels. Amid growing envi- ronmental awareness around the world, global demand for LNG fuel is expected to increase significantly. Accordingly, we have been working to develop LNG-fueled vessels. As a fruit of these efforts, we commenced service of the LNG-fueled tug- boat ISHIN in fiscal 2018.
ISHIN is Japan’s first tugboat built to conform to the IGF Code.* Moreover, its excellent environmental performance earned the top rating of four stars under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism’s energy-saving rating scheme for Japan’s coastal ships. With its ability to navigate at high speeds, ISHIN offers
application around October 2019. This application will visualize the degradation of ships over time as well as the impact of ships on the environment, both of which are difficult to assess from shore. In these ways, we will strive to leverage ICT utilization in an even more sophisticated manner.
escort services to large cargo ships sailing Osaka Bay and the Seto Inland Sea. ISHIN also assists arrival and departure maneuvering at ports. We will accumulate the know-how through ISHIN’s operation to enhance our Groupwide expertise on LNG- fueled vessels.
MOL takes a proactive approach in popularizing the use of LNG fuel to meet the environmental needs of our customers and society.
* The IGF Code stands for the International Code of Safety for Ships Using Gases or Other Low-Flash Point Fuels. The code establishes safety require- ments for vessels that run on gas and low-flashpoint fuels, and took effect on January 1, 2017.
*1 The technology that integrates digital information with the real world and superimposes computer-generated images on the user’s view in the real world. *2 The Automatic Identification System that is used to share vessel and voyage information between ships.
  Proactively promote ICT utilization in addition to technologies in conventional fields
  Advanced technologies for supporting safer vessel operation with a view to realizing autonomous sailing
  New technologies Safety and the ICT, e.g., big data in various fields Environment utilization
Technologies that reduce environmental burden in order to protect the global environment
  Actively develop technologies to meet the needs of customers and society while inheriting the technological expertise MOL has cultivated thus far
               5 Provide technological solutions for issues related to logistics services
 Structure for Accelerating Technological Innovation
We established the Technology Innovation Unit in April 2018 with the goal of stepping up our efforts in technological development. The unit comprises three organizations: the Technical Division, which is in charge of managing and developing technologies from hard aspects of the vessels; the Smart Shipping Division, which is in charge of marine-related ICT; and MOL Information Systems, Ltd.,
Technological Development Platform
a Group company responsible for providing Groupwide IT support. These three organizations collaborate to promote the development of next-generation technologies. Additionally, in the ISHIN NEXT— MOL SMART SHIP PROJECT, the Technological Innovation Unit actively pursues inter-industry collaboration with external institutions, including the Wind Challenger Project.
    Universities / Research institutions
Private companies
MOL Information Systems
Technology Innovation Unit
Shipyards / Manufacturers
National govern- ments / Local governments
Examples of Technological Development through Co-Creation with External Institutions
 Smart Shipping Division
Technical Division
• •
• •
• •
Forecast for dry bulker movement Market estimations for dry bulks
MOL Light House Wind Challenger Project
FOCUS Project Autonomous sailing
• • •
Cameras to monitor loading and unloading operation
Support systems for Northern Sea Route sailing
Support software for VLCC’s loading and unloading operation
 Close collaboration as “One MOL” Co-creation with a wide range of stakeholders
 36
37

    MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Human Resource Cultivation and Community Development
Human resources are the driving force for the Group’s growth and what underpin our brand and reliability. We aim to achieve sustainable growth based on MOL CHART, the values shared by all Group members worldwide, and by creating an organizational culture that allows a diverse group of human resources from different backgrounds, including nationality and gender, and with varying attributes to work positively and lively. Furthermore, by offering opportunities for professional education by in-house educational institutes located in countries such as the Philippines and providing stable employment, not only will we secure top-quality seafarers that are indispensable to the Group’s operations, we will also contribute to the economic and industrial development of emerging countries.
Basic Policy on Human Resource Development
Efforts toward Human Resource Development
With a goal to cultivating human resources with personal initiative and a sense of responsibility who can create new value and play an active role in the global market, we promote the growth of each employee by offering a wide variety of training programs based on position and category of skills. These programs include onboard training for young employees, which aims to deepen
their knowledge of vessels and operations, in addition to enhancing their awareness of safety through firsthand experi- ences on the frontlines. They also include the One MOL Global Management College, which is designed to develop management executives for the next generation.
 Staff
Coordinators
Team Leaders
General Managers
                MOL BEST (English training) Required
Global business skills Training programs before overseas transfer
Chinese-language courses
Long-term overseas training
Short-term overseas training
    One MOL Global Management College Selection-based
               Practical training at in-port agency
Onboard training Accounting, presentations, logical writing, and facilitation
Reading contracts in English
Fostering of safety awareness
                            Coaching skills Employee evaluations
       Business strategies Optional
  ISL leadership training (fostering innovative leaders) Selection-based
One MOL Global Management College Selection-based
 Management
 School Selection-based
       Excel
     skills
ICT literacy
              Promoting diversity
Mitsui Jyuku (an exclusive training program for senior employees in Mitsui Group companies) Public programs, correspondence courses, and extension lectures, etc.
      Developing human resources, which act as the source of our added value, and ensuring diversity are two important issues to address in order to realize our 10-year vision to “Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas.” In the development of Group human resources, our goal is to cultivate human resources with
personal initiative and a sense of responsibility who can create new value and play an active role in the global market. To realize this goal, we provide training programs that support the growth of each employee while at the same time create an environment that brings out the full potential of our diverse human resources and allows them to work energetically.
Development of human resources who are globally active Optional
Strengthening of fundamental skills Business skills, accounting, legal affairs, and training programs in agencies Optional
Enhancing the ability to train team members Required
Development of management executives and leaders Optional   Selection-based
ICT literacy
Optional
Extension lectures, etc.
     Fostering an Organizational Culture Based on MOL CHART
   To operate the wide range of MOL Group businesses on a global scale, we have been proactively employing people of different nationalities and backgrounds. Nowadays, in a time of significant changes in the external environment, it is becoming increasingly important that we have a group of people that are diverse not only in terms of nationality and gender but also in how they view and approach different situations. We can keep creating value only when such diverse people collaborate in a way each member extends his or her unique capabilities to the fullest. With that said, in order to continuously enhance our corporate
value on a Groupwide level, it is imperative to establish shared values that we cherish as a group to overcome the regional, linguistic, and cultural boundaries. Therefore, we formulated MOL CHART in April 2015 as a set of values that are to be embraced by all Group members. By instilling MOL CHART in all domestic and overseas Group employees, as well as in all crew members on our vessels and making it the foundation on which each employee makes decisions, we are fostering a corporate culture that further ensures compliance, enhances safety awareness, and promotes the creation of new value.
Optional
    Challenge Honesty Accountability Reliability Teamwork
Innovate through insight Do the right thing
Commit to acting
with a sense of ownership
Gain the trust of customers Build a strong team
In August 2018, we opened one of the largest maritime academies in the Asia–Pacific region, MOL Magsaysay Maritime Academy Inc. (MMMA), in the Philippines.
Filipino seafarers, comprising approximately 70% of all Group crew members, serve as the core workforce on our operating vessels. To date, we have co-managed the Magsaysay Institute of Shipping (MIS), which aims to develop Filipino crewmembers that can support our high safety standards. At MIS, we conduct onboard training using a training vessel dedicated to the institute. In addition, based on the Academia-Industry Linked Program (AILP) promoted by the Philippine government, we implement a cadet training curriculum at MIS named “Third-Year Program,” which involves education and training at Company facilities for students selected from partner maritime schools. At the recently opened MMMA, we accept a maximum of 300 students per year and endeavor to turn out high-quality seafarers stably and continuously based on the track record and insight we have gained from managing the MIS. We expect the graduates of MMMA to not only succeed onboard but also become personnel that can lead our organization in various fields, including safety management, voyage management, and technical support for sales divisions.
We have thus far worked on employee training through the establishment and operation of training centers that allow our crew members to acquire technical operation skills and receive pre- boarding training. One important characteristic of the MMMA is that,
as an academy, it allows us to provide education to students before they become seafarers. In addition to ship operating techniques, the MMMA emphasizes fundamental education, the ability to think logically, and a strong sense of discipline. Based on such policy, the MMMA aims to develop human resources that can someday lead the future of the Philippines itself. At the inauguration ceremony for the MMMA held in September 2018, we welcomed around 700 guests, including Secretary of the Department of Transportation Arthur Tugade, Senator Grace Poe, and H.E. Koji Haneda, the Japanese Ambassador-designate to the Republic of the Philippines. Through the MMMA, we will aspire to develop outstanding human resources who can handle safe operation at a world-class level while at the same time offering high-quality education and creating stable employment. In these ways, we will contribute to the development of local communities.
Founding One of the Largest Maritime Academies in the Asia–Pacific Region
    38
39

   MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Human Resource Cultivation and Community Development
Creation of an Environment That Draws Out Employees’ Capabilities to Their Full Extent
Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
The MOL Group positions the promotion of diversity as an important management strategy in order to continue to be a dynamic and innovative organization that can flexibly respond to changes in the external environment and realize sustainable growth.
We provide various forms of support and are working to establish an environment that allows each of the approximately 15,000 multinational employees and seafarers working in the Group to maximize their abilities and play an even more active role, regardless of differences in experience, values, life stages,
and attributes. We established the Diversity and Healthcare Management Office in the Human Resources Division in 2017 (currently the Diversity and Healthcare Management Team), thereby creating a system to more intensively carry out these efforts. Moving forward, we will improve our working environments so that employees of various nationalities and from different back- grounds can contribute to the greatest extent possible. By doing so, we will enhance the comprehensive strengths of the Group.
Promoting “Workstyle Reforms”
We have established “Workstyle reforms” as a priority area for development under our management plan. The aim of these reforms is to enhance competitiveness of our human resources and accelerate innovation through a corporate culture that supports employees to work in a lively manner. To achieve our 10-year vision, we must execute our work procedures with a high level of efficiency, encourage creative thoughts that are not constrained by conventional ideas, and promote a culture and organization that can spur such creativity. In September 2016, we established the Improvement of Work Efficiency Committee, which is chaired by the president. Centered on this committee, we have been making various efforts in four focus areas―personnel system reforms, corporate culture reforms, workplace / workstyle reforms, and operational reforms―in order to enhance productivity and create time to pursue innovation that transcends conventional frameworks. At the same time, we endeavor to achieve a corporate culture where each employee can work with satisfaction and motivation.
Brand new open-plan style pilot office on the fifth floor of our Head Office where employees choose desk by drop-in basis
Four Areas of Focus for Reforming Workstyles 1 Personnelsystemreforms
Introduced a new structure for the personnel system in fiscal 2018 based on the following principles
• Establish a system that supports earlier identification and
cultivation of managers who will lead the organization with
accountability and initiative
• Diversify the range of career paths to develop or secure specialists
and give employees with various backgrounds more opportunity for accomplishment
2 Corporateculturereforms
• Conduct round-table conferences named “HOT Dialogue” to
enhance communication between the president and each division
and between the general managers, etc.
• Provide company support for employees gatherings across divisions • Prepare discussion board for all employees on in-house social
network application
• Implement No Overtime Days
• Introduce Casual Every Day
• Encourage male employees to take childcare leave
3 Workplacereforms
• Introduce a remote work program
• Create space by reducing the amount of paper documents and
establish employee lounge area for more communication • Introduce a pilot office where employees are free to choose desk by
drop-in basis and start to measure effects of such office
4 Operationalreforms
• Promote the use of robotic process automation (RPA)
• Provide facilitator training to teach employees the skills needed to
manage meetings better
• Introduce large touchscreen displays (Surface Hub) to improve
meeting productivity
• Start the Paper OFF! Project, which aims to significantly reduce the
amount of paper documents
Sustainable corporate growth
“Creating innovation”
“Differentiation from competitors”
“Leading the industry in individual competitiveness”
(People)
1,500
1,000
500
Number of Employees / Ratio of Female Employees / Ratio of Women in Managerial Positions*
(%)
20 15 10
5
 Ratio of Employees by Region (Consolidated)
       Japan Europe
East Asia
4%
64%
Southeast Asia North America
16% 9%7%
Ratio of Seafarers on Company-Operated Vessels by Region (Consolidated)
  Philippines Russia Other
68%
India Japan
Europe Indonesia
15%
5% 5%
3% 3%
1%
00 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (Fiscal year)
Number of employees (left) Ratio of female employees (right) Ratio of women in managerial positions (right)
* Unconsolidated basis excluding loaned employees, contract employees, part-timers, etc., but including expatriate employees
 Recruitment of an Athlete
 MOL recruited its first athlete in 2016, hiring wheelchair rugby player Kae Kurahashi. She balances both office work and athletic activities, working for the Human Resources Division two days a week (including one day of remote work) and practicing three days a week.
MOL Group executives and employees eagerly support Ms. Kurahashi who participates in both domestic and international competitions and always delivers an outstanding performance including a victory in the World Championships in August 2018 as a member of the national team.
In 2017, MOL signed an official sponsorship agreement with BLITZ, Ms. Kurahashi’s wheelchair rugby team. In 2018, we became an official partner of the Japan Wheelchair Rugby Federation.
In addition to helping to promote the expansion of wheelchair rugby, we will work to foster an environment that encourages our diverse employees to play active roles inside as well as outside the Company.
Photo: Kinzo Takaba
Kae Kurahashi
Human Resources Division Diversity and Healthcare Management Team
    MOL’s Workstyle Reforms
Creating a vibrant work environment that facilitates communication both horizontally and vertically throughout the organization
New ideas and constructive discussions
Promoting Health and Productivity Management
We believe that ensuring the safety and health of our employees and creating a work environment, including on vessels, where they can work with peace of mind provides the foundation for our corporate activities.
Based on this belief, centering on the Diversity and Healthcare Management Team, the Company spearheads efforts to provide a wide range of support and establishes an environment that enables each and every employee to maintain and improve their mental and physical health and work with energy and motivation. These efforts were evaluated highly, with MOL being selected as a “White 500 Company” in the large enterprise category of the 2019 Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program, a cooperative initiative by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and
Industry (METI) and Nippon
Kenko Kaigi.
Key Initiatives in Health and Productivity Management
• In collaboration with workstyle reforms, formulate “Smart Work Plans” for each division to reform workstyles, correct the issue of long working hours, and achieve a work–life balance with the goal of creating time for generating new value
• Provide the mental and physical support of all employees—including onboard and overseas employees—through collaboration between the Human Resources Division and occupational health physicians, in-house doctors, clinical psychologists, and public healthcare nurses • Conduct mental health consultations at major locations in Japan and introduce a web-based mental health self-check tool
• Organize health courses and campaigns on themes such as quitting smoking, stretching, walking, and sleep and eating habits, thereby promoting employee health awareness
• Implement the “Breakfast Campaign” that provides breakfast at the employee cafeteria during summer to help improve work efficiency and health
• Adopt “MOL Body Fit Exercise,” a unique calisthenic exercise routine that supports the health of ocean-going employees, as well as nutrition improvement projects on MOL's fleet
     Enhancing productivity
Creating a corporate culture and working style that enhance productivity and lead to new ideas in order to encourage innovative thinking
Enhancing employee satisfaction
• Clear separation of work and private life
• Working “smartly”
• Creating momentum for the future
The President Serves as Chairman of the Improvement of Work Efficiency Committee
  • Reform corporate culture • Improve efficiency of working
Proceeding with workstyle reforms from the perspectives of both the organization and employee
 processes
• Reduce time spent on low-
Organization
Employee
priority activities
 40
41
For more information regarding our health and productivity management initiatives, please visit the website below.
https://www.mol.co.jp/csr/hr/health/index.html

  MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
 Dialogue between the Outside Directors
intensifying geopolitical risks and the rise of protec- tionism, leading companies in the ocean shipping industry in particular are facing increasingly difficult challenges. Seeing the hardships that are arising in this industry, it was an extremely important action for the Company to transition to “Rolling Plan,” which is flexible and agile, rather than adhere to a conven- tional medium-term management plan that aims to pursue a set vision and strategies for several years. Fujii: Since I took on the position of outside director, there have been two major changes. The first change was the improvements the Company has made to the format and process regarding projects brought up at Board meetings. Discussions are now held on specific projects with a clear awareness of their level of strategic importance or of their relationship with “Rolling Plan.” By determining a clear focus, the Company is now able to sufficiently deliberate the most important aspects pertaining to each project with a sense of speed. The other significant change was that the Company has been able to set up opportunities to actively share issues relating to projects and discuss during the examination phase of a project. Such an opportunity allows for more specific discussions toward a project’s realization before final decisions
are made, and I believe this was an excellent trend for the Company to adopt.
Katsu: In the past two years, the volume of information that is shared at Board meetings has greatly increased, thereby helping the directors to be better aware of the particular details of each issue. Especially in the case of the integration of the containership business, there has been a significant increase of information since last year, despite the fact that several details were actually not communicated in the beginning of the integration process. Also, in order to take proactive steps to address risks that would likely materialize as losses in the future fiscal years, the Company set aside adequate provisions and extraordinary loss related to the integration. The speed at which the Company was able to do this is something I believe deserves praise.
Fujii: At the time of the NIPPON MARU accident last year, the measures the Company should take to respond to the accident and prevent a reoccurrence were promptly reported to Board of Directors. It was a good example showing the Company’s well-functioning governance. I have a high opinion of the swift responses taken against scandal, more so than the action toward business growth.
Hideto Fujii
Outside Director
Etsuko Katsu
Outside Director
  MOL is striving to further enhance its governance to realize growth through reinvention.
The Company’s outside directors Hideto Fujii and Etsuko Katsu discussed how MOL should strengthen
its governance in order to get into new fields beyond conventional ocean shipping business and to realize the 10-year vision to “Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas” amid dramatic changes in the external environment.
Evaluation of MOL’s Governance
The Role the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee Should Play
    Fujii: In my evaluations of MOL’s governance, the extremely open and natural discussions that are
held at Board meetings have always impressed me. Since the start of my position, I recognized that such discussions have been an unchanging part of MOL’s corporate culture. They enable the Company to provide a foundation for and play an important role in enhancing the effectiveness of the Company’s governance.
Katsu: I also give the Company high praise for having a corporate culture that facilitates the open exchange of opinions. From the beginning of my assignment,
I have had the impression that MOL was a global company given the nature of its business. Through the actual discussions, I was truly moved by how open-minded the Company’s approach was and how
discussions were consistently held with a global view far beyond Japan-based perspectives and ways of thinking. Fujii: Given MOL’s history of having developed as a major player in the ocean shipping industry, it may be easy to become optimistic and assume that MOL can naturally continue to enjoy such position going forward. However, based on the dramatically changing global economy, MOL is anticipating the future and taking steps by actively promoting a forward-thinking approach and carefully selecting businesses to be preferentially invested within its portfolio.
Katsu: “Rolling Plan,” which entails reviewing the Company’s medium-term management plan each year, is an extremely good idea. Taking into account the current external environment, including
Katsu: As can be seen in the revision of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, we are being constantly reminded how the role of committees has become more and more significant in terms of meeting social demands. When it comes to director nomination, the face-to-face information, which we can obtain as outside directors, is somewhat limited compared with inside directors, and it is therefore important to have a large number of opportunities to receive information that helps us gain an understanding of future management candidates.
In the case of MOL, we have been given opportunities to meet with the candidates rather frequently at training programs and presentations given at Board meetings. These are extremely valuable opportunities for us. Fujii: At a recent meeting of the Nomination Advisory Committee, we discussed how we should select the candidates for future management positions as well
as the direction to develop them. The Nomination Advisory Committee should become more involved when the Company considers the qualities, the size of the pool, and the evaluation standards for candidates.
Furthermore, for the Remuneration Advisory Committee, there is a need to incorporate non-financial indicators in evaluations, in addition to short-, medium-, and long-term contribution to profit. Also, the committee should deepen its discussions on the ideal evaluation standards and remuneration levels regarding efforts toward projects with future potential and other qualitative aspects.
The roles of both of these committees have become more significant than ever from the points of eliminating arbitrariness, ensuring transparency and fairness, and establishing an effective framework to increase sustainable corporate value.
42 43

 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Dialogue between the Outside Directors
Evolution of Governance to Accelerate Growth through Reinvention
Reinforcement of Risk Management during This Period of Change
   Fujii: In the process of strategically allocating resources toward becoming a “Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas,” the business fields that are highly specialized and enable differentiation should be prioritized. However, the specific projects that the Company should pursue in the future will likely be more complex both qualitatively and quantitatively due to the further diversification of countries in which these projects take place and the increasing scale of investment. For overseas projects, an even wider range of risk factors is to be considered. Also, the larger the scale of investment becomes, the more sophisticated risk management is required from various aspects, including deciding what scheme to go with, diversifying risk through joint investment, and establishing project finance frameworks. At the same time, it is essential that the Company thoroughly monitor the ongoing projects. As the conditions surrounding a project can change rapidly, the Company needs to be always well aware of how its evaluation varies from when the investment is decided and swiftly adjust the plan depending on the situation. Accordingly, it is of the utmost importance that the Board of Directors enact a two-pronged approach relying on beforehand risk management enhancement and continuous monitoring.
Katsu: When it comes to risk management, in addition to the “Total Risk Control”* approach, which considers things from a set point in time, it is also important to adapt and appropriately respond to the situation at the time. For example, for the currently popular topic of clean energy transport, it goes without saying that its initial evaluation varies as time passes due to changes in the external environment and the compe- tition conditions. While the “Rolling Plan” already requires such mechanism, the Company must carefully monitor the changes occurring with each project and make swift decisions.
* “Total Risk Control” is a unique risk management method in the industry developed by the Company based on management methods commonly used in financial institutions. The method controls the total amount of risk in the whole fleet at a level that is less than the Company’s shareholders’ equity even in the event that the market continues to be at historically low levels for an extended period of time.
Fujii: Reflecting on MOL’s risk management to date, the relative comparisons between its shareholders’ equity and overall risk amount were done properly and periodically. Meanwhile, the Company sometimes was unable to utilize its risk control method in decision-making for investment. However, each division has better recognized its importance through repeated discussions on specific projects, including the recent integration of the containership business.
While aiming to enhance corporate value over the medium to long term, it is also extremely important for a company to increase its presence as an entity that contributes to the sustainability of society and the resolution of social issues.
As projects become more complex both qualitatively and quantitatively, it is of the utmost importance that the Board of Directors ensures beforehand risk management enhancement and continuous monitoring.
Accordingly, the “Total Risk Control” approach is being applied even more thoroughly.
Katsu: It is important that each division understands risk management perspectives and controls risks independently. At the same time, the most crucial aspect in risk management is how the Board of
Directors can steer the Company as a whole. As outside directors, we will therefore confirm whether the Company is consistently making decisions incorporating global trends and is heading toward the appropriate direction from a macro perspective.
Katsu: While strengthening cash flows is obviously necessary in the aim to enhance corporate value over the medium to long term, it is also extremely important for a company to increase its presence as an entity that contributes to the sustainability of society and the resolution of social issues such as those adopted under the SDGs. MOL includes environmental and governance-related goals within its “Rolling Plan,”
as management that integrates ESG elements is becoming key.
Fujii: Recently, companies are required to respond to multifaceted issues such as social and environmental issues from an ESG standpoint. This trend can also be a new business opportunity. MOL has traditionally shared a DNA of contributing widely to society, for which it should be proud. While deepening the knowledge and faculty cultivated by the many social contributions the Company has made through its businesses, I would like to see MOL move forward with projects to reduce environmental burden and
contribute more extensively to social activities such as education.
Katsu: I have also experienced this kind of DNA within the mindset of personnel involved in ocean shipping. In terms of “Rolling Plan,” environmental perspectives are being incorporated deeply within the strategies from the standpoint of both business opportunities and risk, such as the Company’s participation in clean energy fields and its response to SOx regulations. In addition, as diversity is becoming increasingly important, the Company newly appointed a female Audit & Supervisory Board member and an executive officer in fiscal 2019. I hope to see MOL hold discussions from more diversified viewpoints going forward. Although MOL tends to be seen as a male-dominated company, there is actually a considerable number of women working in managerial positions as well as non-Japanese staff. Therefore, I can expect more from the future human resources strategy that takes diversity into account.
ESG Initiatives to Ensure Sustainability
 44
45

MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
(As of June 25, 2019)
      Junichiro Ikeda
Representative Director
Born 1956
Shizuo Takahashi
Representative Director
Born 1959
Takeshi Hashimoto
Representative Director
Born 1957
Apr. 1979 Jun. 2004
Jun. 2007 Jun. 2008 Jun. 2010 Jun. 2013
Jun. 2015
Joined Mitsui O.S.K Lines, Ltd. General Manager of Human Resources Division
General Manager of Liner Division Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, President, Chief Executive Officer (to present)
Apr. 1981 Jun. 2006
Jun. 2008
Jun. 2010 Jun. 2011 Jun. 2014 Jun. 2015
Apr. 2018
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer Director, Managing Executive Officer Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, Executive Vice President, Executive Officer (to present)
Apr. 1982 Jun. 2008
Jun. 2009
Jun. 2011 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2015 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2019
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. General Manager of LNG Carrier Division
Executive Officer, General Manager of LNG Carrier Division Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer Director, Managing Executive Officer Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, Executive Vice President, Executive Officer (to present)
      Akihiko Ono
Born 1959
Takashi Maruyama
Born 1959
Hideto Fujii (Independent Officer) Outside Director
Director
Apr. 1983 Jun. 2010
Jun. 2011
Jun. 2015 Apr. 2017 Jun. 2018
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
Managing Executive Officer Senior Managing Executive Officer Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (to present)
Director
Apr. 1983 Jun. 2010
Jun. 2011
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2017
Apr. 2018
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. General Manager of Finance Division
Executive Officer, General Manager of Finance Division Managing Executive Officer Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (to present)
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2016
Adviser, Sumitomo Corporation (to present)
Outside Director, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (to present)
      Etsuko Katsu (Independent Officer) Outside Director
Masaru Onishi (Independent Officer) Outside Director
Kenji Jitsu
Apr. 2003 Mar. 2015
Jun. 2016 Nov. 2016
Apr. 2018 Mar. 2019
Professor, School of Political Science and Economics, Meiji University (to present) Director, Center for Entrance Examination Standardization (to present)
Outside Director, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (to present) Administrative Board Member, International Association of Universities (to present) Chairman of Fund Management Advisory Committee, The Japan Foundation (to present)
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member), DENTSU INC. (to present)
Apr. 2013
Jun. 2015 Jul. 2018 Jul. 2018 Oct. 2018 Jun. 2019 Jun. 2019
Trustee, KEIZAI DOYUKAI (Japan Association of Corporate Executives) (to present)
Trustee, International University of Japan (to present)
Senior Representative, External Affairs, Japan Airlines Co., Ltd. (to present) Visiting Professor, Toyo University (to present)
Advisor, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. (to present) Outside Director, Teijin Limited (to present)
Outside Director, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
Apr. 1984 Jun. 2009
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2017
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. General Manager of CSR and Environment Office, Corporate Planning Division
General Manager of Investor Relations Office
General Manager of Accounting Division
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (to present)
Born 1960 Audit & Supervisory Board Member
      46
47
Toshiaki Takeda Born 1964 Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Hideki Yamashita (Independent Officer) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Junko Imura
Apr. 1986 Jun. 2015
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2019
Joined Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. General Manager of General Affairs Division
General Manager of Secretaries & General Affairs Division
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (to present)
Apr. 1982 Apr. 1985
Mar. 2012 Jun. 2014
Registered as an attorney at law Established YAMASHITA HIDEKI LAW OFFICE (now YAMASHITA & TOYAMA LAW OFFICE) (to present) Outside Corporate Auditor, I-cell Networks Corp. (to present) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (to present)
Aug. 1994 Sep. 2015 Jul. 2018 Jun. 2019
Registered as a certified public accountant
Visiting Professor, Tama Graduate School of Business (to present) Established Imura Accounting Office (to present)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (to present)
(Independent Officer) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member

Junichiro Ikeda
President, Chief Executive Officer
Shizuo Takahashi
Executive Vice President, Executive Officer
(Assistant to President, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Information Officer, Deputy Director General of Technology Innovation Unit, Responsible for: The Americas Area, Kansai Area, Corporate Audit Division, Secretaries & General Affairs Division, Corporate Marketing Division, MOL Information Systems, Ltd.)
Takeshi Hashimoto
Executive Vice President, Executive Officer
(Assistant to President, Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, In charge of Human Resources Division, Responsible for: Europe and Africa Area, Energy Business Strategy Division, Bunker Business Division)
Akihiko Ono
Senior Managing Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Safety Operations Headquarters, Deputy Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: Corporate Planning Division, Liner Business Management Division)
Takashi Maruyama
Senior Managing Executive Officer
(Chief Financial Officer, Responsible for: Corporate Communication Division (IR), Finance Division, Accounting Division)
Yoshikazu Kawagoe
Senior Managing Executive Officer
(Chief Technical Officer, Director General of Technology Innovation Unit, Responsible for: Technical Division, Smart Shipping Division, Secondarily Responsible for MOL Information Systems, Ltd.)
Koichi Yashima
Senior Managing Executive Officer
(Responsible for: Asia, the Middle East, Oceania Area, Managing Director of MOL (Asia Oceania) Pte. Ltd.)
Toshiaki Tanaka
Managing Executive Officer
(Director General of Dry Bulk Business Unit, Responsible for: Dry Bulk Business Planning & Co-ordination Division, Bulk Carrier Division)
Masanori Kato
Managing Executive Officer
(Chief Safety Officer, Director General of Safety Operations Headquarters, Responsible for: Human Resources Division, Marine Safety Division, Secondarily Responsible for Smart Shipping Division)
Kenta Matsuzaka
Managing Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: LNG Carrier Division, LNG Marine Technical & Ship Management Strategy Division)
Masato Koike
Managing Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: Tanker Division (A), Tanker Division (B), Secondarily Responsible for Bunker Business Division)
Yutaka Hinooka
Managing Executive Officer
(Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Port Projects & Logistics Business Division)
Kayo Ichikawa
Executive Officer
(Chief Communication Officer, Responsible for: Work Efficiency Improvement, Sustainability Promotion, Corporate Communication Division, Secondarily Responsible for: Corporate Planning Division, Human Resources Division)
Toshinobu Shinoda
Executive Officer
(General Manager of Corporate Planning Division)
Hirofumi Kuwata
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Dry Bulk Business Unit, Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: Steaming Coal & Energy Project Division, New & Clean Energy Business Division)
Nobuo Shiotsu
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Dry Bulk Business Unit, Responsible for Iron Ore and Coal Carrier Division)
Tsuneo Watanabe
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for: Tanker Division (B) (Chemical Tanker Business), Managing Director of MOL Chemical Tankers Pte. Ltd.)
Atsushi Igaki
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Ferry Business Division, Chairman of Ferry Sunflower Limited)
Hiroyuki Nakano
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Energy Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Offshore Project Division)
Hirotoshi Ushioku
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Car Carrier Division)
Michael P.Y. Goh
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Product Transport Business Unit, Responsible for Port Projects & Logistics Business Division (NVOCC Business), Secondarily Responsible for Asia, the Middle East, Oceania Area, Chief Executive Officer of MOL Consolidation Service Ltd.)
Kazuhiko Kikuchi
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Dry Bulk Business Unit, Responsible for Wood Chip Carrier Division, General Manager of Bulk Carrier Division)
Junko Moro
Executive Officer
(Responsible for: Diversity Promotion, Human Resources Division)
Mitsuru Endo
Executive Officer
(Deputy Director General of Safety Operations Headquarters, Responsible for: Marine Technical Management Division, LNG Marine Technical & Ship Management Strategy Division, Secondarily Responsible for: Marine Safety Division, Smart Shipping Division)
Corporate Governance for Sustainable Growth and Enhancement of Corporate Value
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers Executive Officers
Corporate Governance
Governance Summary
            Governance System
Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board
Total Directors
8
Including outside directors (ratio) 3 (37.5%)
Total Audit & Supervisory Board Members
4
Including outside Audit & Supervisory Board members (ratio)
2 (50%)
5
           Number of Board Meetings Held in Fiscal 2018
10
Attendance Rate of Outside Directors for Board Meetings in Fiscal 2018
100%
Term of Directors 1 year
Stock Option System Yes
           Retirement Benefit System No
Anti-Takeover Measures No
Compliance Rules Yes
External Compliance Advisory Service Desk
Yes
 2000 Management organization reform:
1. Introduced system of executive officers
2001 Formulated Compliance Policy, established the Compliance Committee
2011 Revised MOL’s Compliance Policy and Rules of Conduct
2014 Revised the Compliance Policy, established Chief Compliance Officer (CCO)
2015 Established the Nomination Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee (chaired by outside directors)
2017 Established independence determination standards for outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
2. Established the Executive Committee
3. Reformed the Board of Directors (positioned as highest-
ranking decision-making body and supervisor of business
activities), reduced membership from 28 to 12
4. Appointed two outside directors
5. Established the Corporate Visionary Meeting
Established the IR Office
Started scheduling Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting to avoid overlapping with other shareholders’ meetings
HISTORY
Independent Officers
(Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
                 MOL greatly shored up its management structure around 2000. Taking a lead position among Japanese companies at that time, MOL established an advanced and highly transparent corporate governance structure by, for example, inviting outside directors and introducing an executive officer system. The business environment surrounding the marine transport business and its risk factors change rapidly. In order to navigate through such a difficult situation, we must accurately grasp our business environment, always confront risks appropriately, and effectively
utilize management resources in a careful balance of offense and defense. We believe that the essentials of corporate governance are fostering sustainable growth and increasing corporate value by making decisions swiftly and boldly, guided by appropriate risk management, while ensuring the transparency and fairness of management and carefully considering
the viewpoints of our diverse stakeholders. Based on this belief, we will make continuous efforts to promote our level of corporate governance.
       48
49

MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance System
Corporate Governance Organization (as of June 25, 2019)
   Elect and appoint / supervise
General Shareholders’ Meeting
  MOL has established a corporate governance system that maximizes shareholder profits through appropriate allocation of management resources, with high transparency of corporate management from a shareholder's perspective. The Board of Directors, with the participation of independent outside directors, supervises and encourages business operations, which are carried out by the president as chief executive officer. In addition, as a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board, business and accounting audits are conducted by four Audit & Supervisory Board members, including two outside members.
To enhance the functionality of the Board of Directors,
we have expanded the scope of authority transferred to the Executive Committee, and narrowed down and reviewed which issues to be taken up by the Board so that more of its meeting time can be used to discuss the MOL Group’s long-term vision and strategy direction and supervise management.
At MOL, we believe that the true strength of corporate governance is drawn out not by its structure or organization, but by whether or not it functions effectively. The framework described in the preceding paragraphs is operated in the manner outlined in the following sections.
Business audit / accounting audit
Accounting audit
Elect and appoint / dismiss
Chairman
Male Female
Elect and appoint / supervise
Executive Committee (Total: 9) Internal directors and executive officers: 9
Elect and appoint / dismiss
 Submit for discussion and / or report on important business and other issues
Executive Officers (Total: 24)
Directors / Executive officers: 19 Executive officers: 5
Nomination Advisory Committee (Total: 4)
Outside directors: 3 Internal directors: 1
Elect and appoint / dismiss
        The Board of Directors comprises five internal directors and three outside directors who have no stake in the Company. As the Company’s highest-ranking decision-making body, it
discusses and decides on basic policies and the most important matters related to MOL Group management.
Board of Directors
Report
Remuneration Advisory Committee (Total: 4)
Outside directors: 3 Internal directors: 1
     Provide direction on important business issues
Submit to Executive Committee after preliminary deliberations
Committees under the Executive Committee
STEER Committee, Investment and Finance Committee, Operational Safety Committee, Compliance Committee, SOx Emissions Regulation in 2020, and Environmental Management Committee
  Submit for discussion and / or report on important business and other issues
Instruction
  Deliberation on Corporate Strategy and Vision
At every Board meeting, one hour out of the three is committed to “Deliberation on Corporate Strategy and Vision,” where opinions are exchanged freely in regard to our management strategies, long-term vision, and overall management in general, including outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
Agenda for Fiscal 2018
Month
  Agenda
  May
Direction and strategy for technological innovation
July
  Strategy for international logistics business
  September
Strategy for offshore businesses
October
  Direction of next management plan
  December
 Corporate marketing strategy
 January
Strategies of Non-Vessel Operating Common Carrier (NVOCC) business expansion
February
  Overall summary of “Rolling Plan 2019”
     Business audit / accounting audit
 Divisions / Branches / Vessels / Group companies
Corporate Audit Division
   Nomination Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee
MOL regards enhancing corporate governance as an important management issue to ensure sustainable growth. Accordingly, effectiveness of the Board of Directors is assessed each fiscal
year. The results of this this assessment is used to improve Board effectiveness further.
MOL created the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee as discretionary organizations under the Board of Directors. In order for outside directors to supervise directors responsible for business execution more effectively, both committees are chaired by an outside director and comprised of three outside directors and the Company president (as of June 25, 2019). Each committee discusses from an objective
standpoint emphasizing the perspective of shareholders. The Nomination Advisory Committee focuses on the selection and dismissal of directors and executive officers. The Remuneration Advisory Committee focuses on the remuneration of officers, including incentives for contributing to long-term enhancement of corporate value. The Board of Directors respects the advice from both committees and makes necessary resolutions.
  Within the scope of the basic policy approved by the Board of Directors, MOL transfers a significant amount of authority to conduct businesses to the Executive Committee. This helps to speed up decision-making on individual matters by the president and the executive officers.
There are six committees under the Executive Committee to study and deliberate especially important matters, which will be brought to the Executive Committee, and matters straddling divisions (see the chart on page 51).
MOL provides opportunities for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members to acquire the knowledge and expertise necessary to fulfill the duties of each role. Expenses related to this training are covered by the Company.
Furthermore, support system for outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members to increase the effectiveness of its
supervisory function is in place. For example, they are given an orientation upon their appointment to understand the nature of the Company’s businesses. Moreover, in order to improve deliberations at Board meetings, discussion topics are shared and explained beforehand on paper or face to face and timely reporting is made whenever an important business execution takes place.
Executive Committee and Committees
Training for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
50
51
Board of Directors (Total: 8) Outside directors: 3 Internal directors: 5
For Effective Corporate Governance
Assessment of Board Effectiveness
Summary of Assessment in Fiscal 2019
Elicit feedback from Board of Directors and Audit & Summarize results Report results and hold discussions Supervisory Board members via self-evaluation questionnaire of questionnaire at the Board of Directors' meeting
Audit & Supervisory Board
(Total: 4) Outside members: 2 Internal members: 2
Audit & Supervisory Board Manager
Accounting Auditors
   Submit basic manage- ment policies and other issues for discussion
Report
    Audit plan / audit report
Collaborate with Audit & Supervisory Board members and Accounting Auditor
  Measures Taken to Improve the Board of Directors in Fiscal 2018
The Company implemented various measures in light of issues raised from the effectiveness assessment of the preceding fiscal year. MOL shifted more authority to the Executive Committee, enhanced prior explanation of issues to be brought up to the Board of Directors, held “Board Member Discussion Sessions” to facilitate early-stage discussion and share information of important matters, and simplified its materials for use in meetings.
    Nomination Advisory Committee Number of meetings: 4
Chair of committee: Masayuki Matsushima
Members: Koichi Muto, Junichiro Ikeda, Masayuki Matsushima,
Hideto Fujii, Etsuko Katsu
Main Agenda
• Selection process for the president
• Involvement of Nomination Advisory Committee in election and
dismissal of Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Election of officers (including outside officers) for fiscal 2019
Remuneration Advisory Committee Number of meetings: 4
Chair of committee: Hideto Fujii
Members: Koichi Muto, Junichiro Ikeda, Masayuki Matsushima,
Hideto Fujii, Etsuko Katsu
Main Agenda
• Bonus for directors for fiscal 2017
• Remuneration for directors in fiscal 2018
• Formula for remuneration for executive officers
Meetings in Fiscal 2018
 Main Items Rated in
the Self-Evaluation Questionnaire
• Composition of the Board of Directors
• Quality of discussion and appropriate-
ness of risk management
• Effectiveness of discussions pertaining
to management plan
• Management of “Deliberation on
Corporate Strategy and Vision”
Assessment Results in Fiscal 2019
After an assessment, it was concluded that the Board of Directors' meeting operated with a sufficient level of effectiveness under an appropriate composition. Especially, the simplification of materials implemented in fiscal 2018 improved discussions at meetings, and that “Board Member Discussion Sessions” served as an opportunity for fruitful exchanges of information and opinions. There were some constructive opinions on agenda, time allocation, and ideal explanations for further improvement, which are recognized as issues to work on.
  
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth Corporate Governance
Appointment and Dismissal Process of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Compensation for Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Independent Public Accountants
  MOL appoints a variety of directors with different backgrounds in terms of areas of expertise and experience, whether they be officers with a deep knowledge of Company business or outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members who bring an independent and objective viewpoint.
The Company has set up the Nomination Advisory Committee in order to add objectivity and transparency to the selection process and improve accountability in the selection of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. The committee selects the candidates based on its set of selection criteria and give advices to the Board of Directors. The Board then nominates the candidate directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, taking into account advice from the Nomination Advisory Committee.
Candidates for Audit & Supervisory Board members are
submitted to the Board of Directors after gaining the approval of the Audit & Supervisory Board.
MOL adopts a performance-based compensation system for directors as motivation to increase corporate value in the medium to long term, and as an appropriate means to secure talent. Furthermore, the Remuneration Advisory Committee deliberates over compensation and treatment system such as calculation methods and individual remuneration for members of the Board of Directors, including outside directors.
Compensation for the Audit & Supervisory Board members is determined within the limits approved at the General Shareholders’ Meeting, with consideration given to whether it is full- or part-time employment, the amount of auditing work assigned, and the levels of director compensation, after discus- sion with the Audit & Supervisory Board. Bonuses and stock options are not provided to Audit & Supervisory Board members.
The amounts of compensation for directors, Audit & Supervisory Board members, and independent public accountants are as follows.
Compensation for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Director Compensation System
[Monthly Remuneration] Each director receives monthly compen-
sation based on their position and level.
[Bonuses] Bonuses are determined based on performance and provided in June every year. It is a set amount calculated according to the Company’s performance, adjusted based on director position, added to an individual bonus calculated based on performance of the division for which the director is responsible.
(Performance-based compensation is determined by the degree to which the Company meets performance goals, dividend payout ratio target, and qualitative goals in its management plan. The qualitative goals are evaluated based on the specific progress made in the following three areas: 1) The Company’s investment and business strategies, 2) Enhancing awareness of long-term goals and improving competitiveness in pricing, and 3) Highlighting theme of priority areas which supports meeting long-term goals.
[Stock Options] Stock options are granted every August to directors, based on each director’s position.
  Selection Criteria for the Board of Directors
a) Candidates must possess extensive experience and knowledge and be capable of enhancing the Company’s corporate value
b) Candidates must have a broad viewpoint, foresight, and be able
to make management decisions from a global perspective
c) Candidates must possess high moral fiber and good sense
   Selection Criteria for Audit & Supervisory Board Members
a) Candidates must have an appropriate set of experience, qualifi- cation, ability, and expertise
b) Candidates must possess a high degree of financial and accounting knowledge (more than one member)
  Role of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
To incorporate an outside perspective in Company management and to add a layer of supervision to business execution, the Company appoints three outside directors. Outside directors confirm the appropriateness of management decisions and check the status of business operations from a shareholder’s perspective based on their individual experience and knowledge, while playing a major role in revitalizing the Board of Directors by expressing beneficial opinions regarding overall management. In addition, two of the four corporate Audit & Supervisory Board members are selected from outside. As the importance of the audit system in a company has increased, the Company ensures the independence of a corporate Audit & Supervisory Board member from management and execution. A total of five, including three outside directors and two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, have been designated as independent officers.
Please refer to Independence Criteria for Outside Officers on page 18 of the
NOTICE OF CONVOCATION OF THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS.
https://www.mol.co.jp/en/ir/stock/gms/pdf/notice19.pdf
Reasons for Appointment of Outside Directors
Compensation for the Accounting Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Compensation for audit operations (Millions of yen)
  Compensation for non-audit operations (Millions of yen)
  Total (Millions of yen)
     No. of people remunerated
  Total remuneration (Millions of yen)
    Major Activities of the Outside Directors in Fiscal 2018
• Lectures and discussions in director training sessions (Tokyo) • Attendance at the inauguration ceremony and observation of MOL Magsaysay Maritime Academy (MMMA) (Philippines)
• Discussion meetings with MOL Group companies (Singapore)
 Outside directors Mr. Matsushima (Top row, left) and Ms. Katsu (Bottom row, left) at inauguration ceremony for MMMA (Philippines)
 Directors (excluding outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside members)
Outside directors and outside members
Total
7 381
2 65
5 61
14 507
Parent company 88
Consolidated subsidiaries 109
Total 197
1 89
2 111
4 201
        MOL has put in place a basic policy on the establishment of internal control systems* and extends beyond the scope required by law to promote activities to further enhance MOL Group management effectiveness, efficiency, and transparency, namely ensuring the appropriateness of business operations and the trustworthiness of financial reporting. The following are extracts from the policy on two topics: 1) Compliance, and 2) Role of the Audit & Supervisory Board members.
* The policy was approved by the Board of Directors in 2006, with final revisions made in 2018.
1. Compliance
The Company has set up a Compliance Committee, which is headed by the Chief Compliance Officer, and formulated the Compliance Policy. General managers of each division are appointed as Compliance Officers. They are responsible for enforcing compliance regulations within their division, and are also required to report to the Compliance Committee in the event of a compliance breach. The Corporate Audit Division, a body that operates independently of the Company’s divisions, provides a counseling service regarding compliance. The division also undertakes investigations of breaches and reports the results to the Compliance Committee. In addition to the existing counseling service, the Company set up an external advisory service desk, which we entrusted an outside attorney to run. The desk offers anonymous counseling services.
Furthermore, Group companies in Japan and overseas have implemented e-learning in order to further promote thorough
compliance. In fiscal 2018, 5,874 employees took lectures on antitrust or competition law, while 5,503 employees took lectures on anti-corruption (anti-bribery). In addition, employees are required to attend in-person lectures on antitrust law upon reaching new management levels, and the Company provides annual antitrust seminars for officers and employees.
2. Role of the Audit & Supervisory Board Members
MOL has determined rules regarding reporting to its Audit & Supervisory Board members, creating a system in which directors, executive officers, and employees report to the Audit & Supervisory Board members on the important matters that may impact the Company’s business or performance. These rules also safeguard appropriate frameworks for reporting legal violations and other compliance issues to Audit & Supervisory Board members. Furthermore, the representative directors strive to hold regular meetings with Audit & Supervisory Board members, and the Corporate Audit Division works in coordination with the Audit & Supervisory Board members to provide assistance. In these ways, the Company actively facilitates effective auditing by the Audit & Supervisory Board members.
E-learning Participation Rates for Fiscal 2018
Note: E-learning sessions about antitrust act or competition law, anti-corruption (anti-bribery), and ICT governance were conducted by MOL Group companies in Japan and overseas. Sessions on internal control ware held only in Japan.
Internal Control System
  Name
  Reason for Appointment
 Hideto Fujii (Reappointed)
 Mr. Fujii has many years of experience and expertise from his involvement in Japan’s economic management and policy finance. Using such experience and insight, he proactively contributes to discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors from a position of independence and fairness, and appropriately fulfills his role as a supervisor of the Company’s execution of operations. He has also contributed to enhancing the transparency and objectivity of decision-making procedures in the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee.
 Etsuko Katsu (Reappointed)
Ms. Katsu proactively contributes to discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors from a fair and independent standpoint, reflecting her extensive knowledge and insight as an expert in international economics and finance, experience in university management, and experience and knowledge regarding global human resource development initiatives. As such, she appropriately fulfills her roles such as supervising the Company’s business execution.
She has also contributed to enhancing the transparency and objectivity of decision-making procedures in the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee.
Masaru Onishi (Newly appointed)
  We believe that Mr. Onishi will contribute to increasing the Company’s corporate value while maintaining and strengthening its corporate governance, drawing on his considerable experience and achievements as a corporate manager and his extensive experience in the operation of boards of directors at other companies as a chairman.
 Hideki Yamashita (Current)
 Mr. Yamashita has many years of experience, specialized knowledge, and a strong dedication to compliance as an attorney at law, and he effectively fulfills his duties as an Audit & Supervisory Board member responsible for auditing management and execution of business operations from a fair and objective standpoint.
Junko Imura (Newly appointed)
   Ms. Imura has many years of experience as a certified public accountant and extensive knowledge related to accounting. We therefore deem that she will be able to competently carry out her duties as an outside Audit & Supervisory Board member who performs audits of management and business execution from a position of objectivity and fairness.
   Antitrust act or competition law
  98.0%
Anti-corruption (Anti-bribery)
98.1%
Internal control
  85.3%
ICT governance
 91.1%
 52
53

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Business Strategy & Review
At a Glance
FY2018 Performance (Consolidated)
Revenues by Segment
1,234.0 billion
Business Activities
   Associated Businesses and Others
Dry Bulk Business
Ordinary Profit (Loss) by Segment (¥ billion)
21.9
Dry Bulk Business
Energy Transport Business
Dry Bulkers
(excluding Steaming Coal Carriers)
Tankers
With one of the world’s largest fleets, MOL reliably transports large quantities of such dry bulk cargo as iron ore, coal, grains, logs, wood chips, cement, fertilizer, and salt. Our fleet includes highly versatile bulk carriers as well as specialized vessels for specific cargo types.
With a tanker fleet that boasts one of the largest sizes in the world, MOL is developing businesses globally. Our fleet includes crude oil tankers; product tankers that carry naphtha, gasoline, and other refined petroleum products; chemical tankers that carry liquid chemical products; methanol tankers that exclusively carry methanol; and LPG tankers that carry liquefied petroleum gas.
 9%
24%
Dry Bulk Business
Energy Transport Business Product Transport Business
     Associated Businesses
Dry Bulkers
21.1 (12.2) (14.3) 12.9 Others 2.5 Adjustments (7.7) Total 38.5
    8%
24%
Containership Segment Associated Businesses
  Product Transport Business
Energy Transport Business
  44%
¥
23%
LNG Carriers /   With the world’s largest LNG carrier fleet, MOL safely transports LNG,
    Tankers
Offshore Businesses
Steaming Coal Carriers
Car Carriers
Containerships
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
which is experiencing growing global demand. In addition, we are active in offshore businesses, including FPSOs and FSRUs, which are poised for continued growth. Moving forward, MOL will vertically expand its scope of services to include the operation of LNG to Powerships and LNG receiving terminals, among others.
MOL transports coal for thermal power generation, mainly on medium- to long-term transport contracts with electric power companies in Japan. Considering the expected growth, we also engage aggressively in coal transport for emerging countries. As a member of the Energy Transport Business Unit, the Steaming Coal & Energy Project Division coordinates with other divisions in the Unit to meet diversifying customer needs.
MOL stably provides transport services to meet the changing
needs of automakers moving production to optimal sites around the world. We operate globally with specialized car carriers that can effectively transport any type of vehicle from passenger cars to construction equipment.
Through a global network provided by Ocean Network Express (ONE), a company formed by the integration of the containership businesses at three Japanese shipping companies, we transport containers loaded with electric products, automotive parts, clothes, furniture, food products, and numerous other products to deliver them around the world. In addition to our self- operated routes, we expand our network through joint operations with partners, leading to wider port coverage and increased service frequency.
Also, we operate container terminals and logistics businesses in Japan and overseas.
MOL operates the ferry business, which transports passengers, passenger cars and freight cars (trucks, trailers, etc.), and the coastal RoRo ships business, specializing in the transport of freight vehicles. We are increasing our presence as the leader of an eco-friendly modal shift in domestic logistics.
Leveraging the know-how accumulated over more than 130 years mainly in the marine transport business, we are promoting various businesses in related activities including real estate, tugboats, a cruise ship (the NIPPON MARU), and trading.
   Car Carriers
12%
 18%
LNG Carriers / Offshore Businesses
Containerships
7%
 22%
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
Steaming Coal Carriers
 4%
4%
    Others
Containerships
Dry Bulkers (including Steaming Coal Carriers)
Fleet Composition (Number of ships)
Dry Bulkers (including Steaming Coal Carriers)
Fleet Composition (Deadweight tons)
63 million
ROE
5.2
Gearing Ratio
 6%
9%
Product Transport Business
       Containerships
Car Carriers
39% 839
Total Assets
2,134.4
Equity Ratio
24.6
50%
 8%
3%
Car Carriers
LNG Carriers / Offshore Businesses
13%
12%
    LNG Carriers /Offshore Businesses
  12%
Tankers
Tankers
 22%
26%
 ¥
billion
%
         %
2.11
times
Associated Businesses
 54
55

China COSCO
NYK MOL Oldendorff APM-Maersk K Line MSC China Merchants CMA-CGM Fredriksen Hapag Lloyd
2015/4
2016/4 2017/4 2018/4
2019/4
0 200 400
600
800
63
(Number of vessels)
(Thousand DWT)
80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
(Jan. 4, 1985=1,000)
2,000 1,500 1,000
500
0 2014/4
All Vessel Types
Dry Bulkers
(including Steaming Coal Carriers)
31,387
NYK MOL
1,000
839
100
1,200
1,400
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Business Strategy & Review Market Position (Fleet Size)
Market Data
Dry Bulker Market (BDI*1)
(March 2019)
           30,000 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
100 80 60 40 20 0
93
Euronav 0 20 40 60
Number of Vessels DWT
80
120
140
0 Oldendorff China COSCO
K Line
Swiss Marine
Source: MOL internal calculation based on Tramp Data Service and others *1 Baltic Dry Index
 Source: MOL internal estimation based on each company’s published data, Clarksons and Alphaliner
(Thousand DWT)
(Number of vessels)
(US$/day)
120,000 100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000 0
2014/4
Tankers
LNG Carriers (including on order)
VLCC*2 Market (Arabian Gulf→Japan)
(Million DWT)
Source: Companies’ published data and Clarksons
   16,359
          China COSCO
China Merchants
Euronav
MOL
Bahri
NITC
2015/4
2016/4 2017/4 2018/4
Containership Market (CCFI*3)
2019/4
  Source: Companies’ published data and Clarksons
On order
partially) and the vessels for which vessel operation is entrusted to each company.
(Number of vessels)
(Thousand TEU)
(Jan. 1, 1998=1,000)
1,500 1,200 900 600 300
0 2014/4
Europe Trade
120 100 80 60 40 20
0
111
MOL
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
1,553
Car Carriers
Containerships
MOL
NYK
Nakilat*
K Line
Teekay
Maran Gas
Source: MOL internal calculation based on Clarksons *2 Very Large Crude Carrier (300,000 DWT class)
In operation
* Qatar Gas Transport Company Ltd. Source: MOL internal estimation
Note: The numbers include the vessels which are owned by each company (wholly or
             Source: MOL internal estimation
Note: Excluding spot-chartered vessels
Fleet capacity Source: Alphaliner
Source: Shanghai Shipping Exchange *3 China Containerized Freight Index
NYK
K Line
EUKOR
GLOVIS
WWL
HOEGH
Group
On order
Group
Lloyd
Ming
U.S. West Coast Trade
U.S. East Coast Trade
56
57
Maersk MSC CMA-CGM COSCO Hapag Evergreen ONE Yang Hyundai
2015/4
2016/4 2017/4 2018/4
2019/4
  
  (From left)
Nobuo Shiotsu
Executive Officer
Toshiaki Tanaka
Managing Executive Officer
Hirofumi Kuwata
Executive Officer
Kazuhiko Kikuchi Executive Officer
(Responsible business area)
Deputy Director General (Iron Ore & Coal Carriers)
Director General (Bulk Carriers)
Deputy Director General
Deputy Director General (Wood Chip Carriers)
     Steadily capture contract renewal demand from domestic customers
Actively expand into overseas markets
Provide high-quality, comprehensive transport services that leverage our marine technical skills and frontline capabilities
Flexibly develop and utilize good-quality and a competitive fleet
   Capesize
 180,000
 94
88
 Steel raw materials (iron ore, coking coal)
  Panamax
80,000
21
26
Iron ore, coking coal, steaming coal, grains, etc.
 Handymax
  55,000
 50
54
 Steaming coal, grains, salt, cement, steel products, etc.
 Small handy
33,000
32
28
Steel products, cement, grains, ores, etc.
 Subtotal
   103
108
  Wood chip carriers
 54,000
 39
39
Wood chips, soybean meal, etc.
 Short sea ships
12,000
47
61
Steel products,
plant equipment, etc.
 Total
   283
296
    Variable profits
General Bulk Carriers
Highly specialized
Iron Ore Carriers
Less specialized
Wood Chip Carriers
Stable profits
  MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Business Strategy & Review
Overview of Operations by Segment
      Portfolio
Business Strategies
Progress and Outlook of Business
Dry Bulk Business Unit
Dry Bulker Fleet Table (Number of vessels)
The dry bulker market had continued to experience an oversup- ply of vessels following the economic crisis in 2008 and reached a record low in 2016. Since then, however, the gap between fleet supply and demand has been gradually subsiding. While there have been short-term fluctuations due to seasonal fac- tors and issues in exporting regions, the market has been on an overall trend of gradual recovery. In addition, fleet supply is expected to temporarily decrease as scrubber installation reaches its peak during the second half of 2019 before the tightening of SOx regulations. This will likely have a positive impact on dry bulker market conditions.
Turning to transport demand, demand for iron ore, coal, and wood chips is expected to remain solid for the time being. Additionally, in overseas markets such as China and India, the competitive edge we have gained through the high quality of our transport services will likely provide us with growth oppor- tunities. Also, the demand for biomass fuel transport has been increasing recently, becoming a rare source for long-term contracts in the market for small- and medium-sized bulkers, where short-term contracts are mainstream. Accordingly, we view biomass fuel as a potential profit foundation for the future.
Market Environment and Business Opportunities
 Opportunities
Segment Strengths
Trust-based relationships with customers Extensive overseas network
Dry Bulkers
Fiscal 2018 in Review
Iron Ore & Coal Carrier Division
We won medium- and long-term contracts by actively making proposals that ascertained customer needs. In addition, we started new businesses such as the transport of bauxite from Africa via Capesize bulkers. In terms of profit, we worked on efficient vessel operation and optimal fleet allocation, thereby realizing a year-on- year increase. Furthermore, as part of our efforts to pursue environmental and emission-free projects, since fiscal 2017
we have continued to promote the Green Corridor Project, which involves the joint production of LNG-fueled Capesize bulkers with our customers.
Bulk Carrier Division
For small- and medium-sized bulkers, we have been narrowing down market exposure to establish a fleet that is resistant to market fluctuations. This, combined with efficient vessel allocation, has allowed us to earn profits. In addition, we secured a long-term contract for the transport of biofuel. Such long-term contracts are rare in the field of small- and medium-sized bulk carriers.
Wood Chip Carrier Division
Pulp prices soared in fiscal 2018, which led to heightened demand for the transport of wood chips, a raw material for pulp. Accordingly, we realized an increase in profit. In addition, we secured stable profits through such means as acquiring new contracts and extending existing contracts.
Direction in Fiscal 2019
Iron Ore & Coal Carrier Division
We will strive to further enhance the quality of our transport services by refining the on-site skills and marine technical skills that we have cultivated over the years. In addition, we will respond to the needs of customers through initiatives toward eco-friendly transportation. By leveraging our expansive net- work and information-collecting ability, we will continue to take on challenges in new fields such as diverse cargo transport that we have yet to be involved with to date.
Bulk Carrier Division
In regard to small- and medium-sized bulkers, we will aim for continuous growth while maintaining a balance between cargo and fleet capacity. By forming diverse and competitive charter contracts, we will enhance our fleet’s resilience to changes in market conditions and further promote efficient vessel allocation, thereby maximizing profit.
Wood Chip Carrier Division
Demand for wood chip transport is expected to remain solid during fiscal 2019. We will work to win medium- and long-term contracts in response to this demand. We will also leverage our marine technical skills and network to flexibly make proposals and enact a swift response in accordance with the individual needs of customers in Japan and overseas. In this way, we will further strengthen the trust-based relationships we have with customers.
Standard DWT
At the end At the end of Mar. 2019 of Mar. 2018
Main cargo
    • Expanding business chances in overseas markets
• Growth in cargo movements (grains, cement for infrastruc- ture, chemical materials) due to increasing populations
• Increasing demand for biomass fuel transport
Risks
• Change in the global economy stemming from the rise of protectionism
• Increase in vessel operation costs due to the tightening of SOx regulations
• • •
•
• •
Ability to make proposals that flexibly meet diverse customer needs
Frontline capabilities at loading ports, discharging ports, and vessels including marine technical skills
Vessels designed suitably for the port facilities of customers
A lean fleet with resilience to market fluctuations that has been reinvented via the Business Structural Reforms (Small- and medium-sized bulkers)
    58
59
Small- and medium- sized bulkers

  (From left)
TsuneoWatanabe
Executive Officer
Masato Koike
Managing Executive Officer
TakeshiHashimoto
Executive Vice President Executive Officer
Kenta Matsuzaka
Managing Executive Officer
Hirofumi Kuwata
Executive Officer
Hiroyuki Nakano
Executive Officer
(Responsible business area)
DeputyDirectorGeneral (Chemical Tankers)
Deputy Director General (Tankers)
DirectorGeneral
Deputy Director General (LNG Carriers)
Deputy Director General (Steaming Coal Carriers)
Deputy Director General (Offshore Businesses)
           (Crude oil tankers and methanol tankers) Maintain long-term contracts with top-class customers and capture new demand
(Product tankers) Reduce market exposure by streamlining fleet and transition to a business model based on entrusted vessel operation services through management of pools to maintain service networks
(LPG tankers) Continue to maintain market presence by managing LPG tanker pool jointly with a partner
(Chemical tankers) Become a comprehensive chemical logistics services provider through vertical expansion of business domains
   Highly specialized
Chemical Tankers
LPG Tankers
Product Tankers
Less specialized
Offshore Businesses
Methanol Tankers
Stable profits
Steaming Coal Carriers
  Variable profits
Crude Oil Tankers
LNG Carriers
 Tankers
 Crude oil tankers
 42
39
Product tankers
 21
39
Chemical tankers
110
87
 (Methanol tankers)
(27)
(26)
 (MOLCT*)
(83)
(61)
 LPG tankers
 8
8
Subtotal
 181
173
LNG carriers
(including ethane carriers)
87
83
Offshore businesses
 FPSOs
6
5
 FSU / FSRUs
4
1
 Subsea support vessels
 3
1
 Steaming coal carriers
 47
41
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Business Strategy & Review
Overview of Operations by Segment
     Energy Transport Business Unit
For crude oil tankers, the trend of fleet capacity surplus has been continuing for several years. In addition, over the medium to long term, oil demand in Japan is expected to decline, possibly inducing further integration of oil companies. Optimization of vessel allocation resulting from such integration could lead to a decrease in transport demand. However, it is anticipated that demand in India and other emerging countries will continue to rise, and demand for offshore crude oil transport will also expand.
For methanol and chemical tankers, transport demand will
likely be created through the construction of new plants in North America triggered by the shale revolution combined with increasing chemical demand in emerging countries. Similarly, in terms of LPG tankers, with the startup of the export terminals in North America, demand is expected to increase going forward, as long-distance trade to Southeast Asia and India—where demand continues to rise—increases. For product tankers, a rise in demand for gas oil transport is anticipated due to the impact of SOx regulations, which will tighten in January 2020.
Market Environment and Business Opportunities
  Opportunities
•
• •
•
• •
Economic sanctions on Iran and Venezuela, oil production cuts by OPEC, and other political risks such as trade conflicts
Segment Strengths
Diverse tanker lineup
Safe and high-quality fleet, vessel management capabilities, and marine technical skills
Social reliability and trust in business continuity capabilities supported by the above
Global business partnerships, including pool partners Long-cultivated customer relationships
Portfolio
Fleet Table (Number of vessels)
At the end of Mar. 2019
Business Strategies
Progress and Outlook of Business
* Chemical tankers operated by MOL Chemical Tankers
Fiscal 2018 in Review
In terms of crude oil tankers, we steadily maintained medium- and long-term contracts thanks largely to the trust-based relationships we have cultivated with our Japanese and South Korean customers over many years. In addition, we acquired new contracts with other overseas charterers, thereby accumulating stable profits. We also realized long-term contract renewals for methanol tankers, which in turn helped us secure stable profits. For product tankers, we reduced the size of our fleet in fiscal 2018, from 36 vessels to 21 vessels, in response to stagnant market conditions. Meantime, we established and commenced operations of a pool company, Asahi MOL Tankers Ltd., together with Asahi Tanker Co., Ltd., with the aim of maintaining our service network and knowledge, and transitioning to a business model based on entrusted vessel operation services. In chemical tankers, one of our strategic business fields, our wholly owned subsidiary MOL Chemical Tankers Pte. Ltd. established a joint venture with SEA-Tank Terminal Antwerp NV, with a view toward constructing and operating chemical tank storage terminals in the Port of Antwerp. In addition, MOL Chemical Tankers acquired the Denmark-based chemical company, Nordic Tankers A/S, which has an operational foundation in the Atlantic Ocean region. The company also established a strategic alliance with the Dutch tank container company, Den Hartogh Logistics. As such, MOL Chemical Tankers has been taking steps toward transitioning to a comprehensive chemical logistics company.
As a result of the steady strategies we have undertaken with each type of vessel, the Tankers segment has recorded a profit for the fifth consecutive year.
Direction in Fiscal 2019
For crude oil tankers, we will continue to deepen the trust-based relationships we have accumulated with our Japanese and South Korean customers as we steadily address their renewal demand for medium- and long-term contracts as well as their diverse transport demand. At the same time, in light of the decline in domestic demand going forward, we will work to capture transport demand from overseas customers such as those in India, and also seek opportunities for new businesses, including offshore crude oil handling. For methanol tankers, we will not only work on maintaining and expanding long-term contracts with existing customers but also leverage our solid track record to capture new transport demand in North America and other regions. In regard to product tankers, while maintaining our current fleet size for the time being, we will strive to sustain our presence in the market and enhance our fleet operational efficiency through the new pool that commenced operations at the start of 2019. Turning to chemical tankers, we will maintain the progress we have been making in the tank terminal and tank container businesses to act upon the investment decisions made during fiscal 2018.
At the end of Mar. 2018
  Tankers
 • Expanding demand for offshore crude oil transport
• Increasing demand for gas oil following the tightening of SOx regulations
• Growing demand in emerging countries
• Increasing demand for chemical transport due to establishment of new plants for chemical derived from shale gas
Risks
• Vessel supply pressure
• Declining oil demand in Japan and integration of Japanese oil companies
  60
61

      LNG Carriers Vessels
  Tokyo Gas
 ex. USA
 To Japan
2
 JERA
  ex. USA
  To Japan
 1
Yamal (ice-breaking LNG carriers)
ex. Russia
To China
1
 Yamal (conventional-type LNG carriers)
 ex. Russia
 To China
4
 Mitsui
  ex. USA
  To Japan
 2
Osaka Gas / Kyushu Gas
ex. Australia
To Japan
1
 Uniper
  ex. USA
  To Europe
 1
Offshore Businesses Vessels / Units
  Petrobras
 Brazil
 FPSO
2
  ENI Mexico
 Mexico
 FPSO
1
  Hong Kong LNG Terminal
  Hong Kong
  FSRU
 1
  PT Jawa Satu Power
Indonesia
FSRU
1
 Swan Energy
 India
 FSRU
1
  Swan Energy
  India
  FSU
 1
   Leverage our industry-leading track record and expertise in the field of LNG carriers and pursue business expansion in high-value-added fields
Secure stable profits through long-term contracts
Vertically expand our scope of services to include not only FSRUs but also LNG-powerships and LNG terminals in order to offer “stress-free services”
Capture business opportunities through collaboration with local partners who have significant influence in their respective regions
Construct and introduce next-generation steaming coal Accelerate promotion of LNG-fueled steaming carriers that suit customer interests (in terms of safety, coal carriers
efficiency, eco-friendliness, etc.)
  MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
Business Strategy & Review
Overview of Operations by Segment
LNG Carriers / Offshore Businesses
Segment Strengths
Photo courtesy of MODEC,Inc.
In fiscal 2018, a new FPSO commenced the charter, which con- tributed to accumulating stable profits. Additionally, we entered into a long-term contract for an FPSO off the coast of Brazil. We also agreed to participate in the construction, ownership, and operation of an FSRU in Indonesia. Capitalizing on opportunities in these ways, we have expanded our business.
Direction in Fiscal 2019 LNG Carriers
In fiscal 2019, we expect stable business performance as more new LNG carriers will be delivered to be dedicated to long-term contracts and begin to contribute to profits. In a period of transition toward a carbon-free society, we believe that LNG transport is a promising growth field that stands out within the energy domain. Amid rising demand, the needs within the LNG value chain are diversifying. To address this, we are working to expand the scope of our services vertically to include not only LNG transport but also FSRU and LNG-to-Powership business. Furthermore, by accumulating a track
record in LNG transport projects with high levels of difficulty, including voyages on the Northern Sea Route, we will strive to take part in new projects as a high-value-added service provider.
Offshore Businesses
Although no new units are scheduled to commence operations in fiscal 2019, we still expect to record stable profits from existing projects that started in and before fiscal 2018. Offshore businesses represent an area of strength in which we can leverage the exper- tise and technical skills that we have long cultivated through the transport of LNG and other forms of energy. Accordingly, we are prioritizing the investment of management resources in this area. Going forward, we aim to lead the way for offshore businesses in the context of the commercial distribution of resources and energy, by collaborating with business partners from the development stage of each project, differentiating ourselves in terms of quality of opera- tion and maintenance services, and expanding our business domains to include power generation.
    Opportunities
• Growing marine transport volume of LNG
• Rising need for FSRUs and LNG-powerships due to the increase in LNG importing countries centered on emerging countries
• Steady demand for the development of deep-sea oil fields, primarily in Brazil
• Increasing demand for offshore wind power
Risks
• Trend of shorter charter period for LNG carriers
• World’s largest scale LNG fleet and a solid track record of safe operation
• Highly sophisticated marine technical skills that enable the development of new business domains, such as the operation of ice-breaking LNG carriers
• Collaborative relationships with prominent overseas partners
• High levels of creditability that allow for the stable fulfillment of super long-term contracts (15–25 years)
   Time Charter Contracts That Commence between 2019–2021
   Vertical Expansion in the LNG Value Chain
LNG marine transport volume exceeded 300 million tons in 2018, driven by demand in China and India. By 2025, this amount is expected to increase to roughly 430 million tons. To respond to this increase in demand, new gas field projects are being promoted in countries such as Mozambique and Russia and a large-scale expansion of existing projects in Qatar is underway. Meanwhile, more and more emerging countries are commencing LNG import, which has led to new business opportunities that go beyond the frameworks of conventional LNG transport, such as utilizing FSRUs and LNG-powerships as a powerful solution that can establish a base to receive LNG at low costs and in short time periods.
Crude Oil-Related Offshore Businesses
Even after demand for crude oil reaches its peak, it is likely that
there will still be needs for developing new oil fields to com- pensate for existing oil fields that are becoming depleted. We therefore anticipate that demand for offshore oil field production will continue for a while. Accordingly, we expect to see sustained demand for oil-producing infrastructure such as FPSOs and subsea support vessels, particularly in Brazil.
Offshore Wind Power
Demand for wind power is increasing, centered on Europe, as a form of energy with low environmental burden. Recently, wind power has started to be introduced in East Asia as well. In light of this, we expect to see business opportunities in fields such as the installation of wind power peripheral equipment as well as wind power operation and maintenance.
Steaming Coal Carriers
Business Strategies
Progress and Outlook of Business
Market Environment and Growth Opportunities
   Fiscal 2018 in Review
LNG Carriers
We operate a fleet of approximately 90 LNG carriers, which is the largest in the world. Essentially all of these carriers are under long-term charter contracts, which helped us record profits steadily in fiscal 2018. During the year, two ice-breaking LNG carriers for the Yamal LNG project (see “Special Feature” on page 20) were delivered and the first vessel successfully
completed LNG transport to East Asia from the Arctic Ocean region going eastbound, which was a world-first achievement. In addition, we concluded a new charter contract for an LNG carrier with Uniper SE, the largest gas and electricity company in Europe, which is slated to begin in 2020.
Offshore Businesses
Our offshore businesses also operate under long-term contracts.
Business Strategies
Progress and Outlook of Business
The majority of our steaming coal carriers are operating under medium- and long-term contracts with our Japanese customers, and this allowed us to realize stable profits in fiscal 2018. Against the backdrop of a heightened environmental awareness, some old power stations have suspended operations or been abolished. There also have been changes and suspension of plans for new power stations. Due in part to such movements, domestic demand for coal used for power generation has been on a gradual down- ward trend. Nevertheless, with delays to the restart of operations of nuclear power plants, we believe there continues to be demand for coal-fired power generation as a base-load energy source that is both stable and cost effective. We will work to expand our market share in coal transport for domestic use through our differentiation
strategy, including promoting the introduction of next-generation steaming coal carriers that offer enhanced safety through double- hull cargo holds as well as LNG-fueled vessels. For overseas, we anticipate a continuous increase in demand for steaming coal in India and Southeast Asia, where energy demand has been rising following economic development. We aim to enhance our presence in these regions by leveraging our proposal capabilities, marine technical skills, and the brand power that we have cultivated through coal transport for domestic use, in addition to the comprehensive strengths of the entire MOL Group. In addition, not constraining ourselves to coal transport, we will seek opportunities in the transport of alternative fuel that meets the needs of customers and in the commer- cialization of technologies that promote the reduction of CO2 emissions.
62
63

 NVOCC
Containerships
Opportunities
* Operated by Ocean Network Express (ONE) since April 2018
Variable profits
Portfolio
Highly specialized
Terminals Logistics
Car Carriers
Less specialized
Fleet Table (Number of vessels)
• Changes to the production and export structure of car manufac- turers following the widespread use of electric vehicles (EVs)
• Improvement in vessel supply and demand balance following slowdown in new vessel orders
Risks
• Decline in marine transport demand stemming from the rise of trade protectionism
• Increase in vessel operation costs following the tightening SOx regulations
Segment Strengths
• High-quality, highly cost-effective fleet
• Extensive global trade routes and sales networks
• Diverse customer base that enables optimal cargo combina- tion for each shipment
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
Business Strategy & Review
Overview of Operations by Segment
Product Transport Business Unit
Business Strategies
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
Stable profits
Car Carriers
Car carriers Containerships*
Ferries & coastal RoRo ships Total
194 224
Fiscal 2018 in Review
On certain trade routes, there have been quarantine issues and impacts from natural disasters such as the earthquake in Hokkaido and the heavy rains in western Japan. In addition, there have been changes in the business environment, including the trade conflict between the United States and China and the new regulations for exhaust emissions and fuel economy standards in Europe. These factors led to overall stagnation in the transportation needs of automobiles. Although we made efforts to enhance vessel opera- tion efficiency by reorganizing trade routes and streamlined our fleet scale, profit declined year on year. As achievements during fiscal 2018, all four FLEXIE series next-generation car carriers, which won the Good Design Award 2018, were delivered, thereby reinforcing the quality of our core fleet. Furthermore, we took steps to strengthen our IT infrastructure by introducing a new operational support system called PCC.NET worldwide and reformed our operational process and data foundation.
Main Routes
Direction in Fiscal 2019
Viewing the next several years as a period of dramatic change in the overall car transport industry, we will strive to update our services (trade routes) and fleet by enhancing the quality of our profitability analysis and improving freight rate levels. Also, with the aim of providing long-term, stable transport services to our customers, we will promote the aforementioned efforts while leveraging ICT technologies based on the new operational support system PCC.NET. In doing so, we will reinforce our solution-based sales capabilities to customers. For example, we will undertake initiatives to boost operational efficiency and enhance customer satisfaction by developing cargo tracking websites and reorganizing vehicle loading systems. As a preparation for future investments in a new fleet, we will examine LNG-fueled vessels, which is in line with efforts to strengthen our environmental and emission- free businesses. Through these efforts, we will transition to a robust organization capable of realizing significant profit.
64
65
(From left)
Hirotoshi Ushioku Executive Officer
Akihiko Ono
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Yutaka Hinooka
ManagingExecutive Officer
Atsushi Igaki
Executive Officer
Michael P.Y. Goh
Executive Officer
(Responsible business area)
Deputy Director General (Car Carriers)
Deputy Director General (Containerships)
Director General (Terminals&Logistics)
Deputy Director General (Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships)
Deputy Director General (NVOCC)
Market Environment and Growth Opportunities
At the end of Mar. 2019
113 65 16
At the end of Mar. 2018
119 91 14
Progress and Outlook of Business
In the automotive industry, there have been strong social demands for reduction of environmental impact and the evolution of mobil- ity. In conjunction with this, technological innovation in automobile manufacturing and information transmission has been progress- ing simultaneously at an accelerating rate, and it is anticipated that the needs related to the marine transport of automobiles will become more and more complex. In addition, there are potential risks regarding fluctuations in the demand for automobiles due to
such factors as economic slowdowns and the rise of protective trade, which can change the trade dynamics. With that said, we expect that both the number of car sales worldwide and cargo movements via marine transport are still gradually going to increase. While transport ton-miles are on a downward trend due to the progressing shift toward local production, we believe we will see new business opportunities, such as an increase in exports from China following the widespread use of EVs.
Optimize fleet scale to match our cargo portfolio
Reorganize services including withdrawal from unprofit- able routes
Strengthen solution-proposing sales activities to custom- ers by making use of our cost effectiveness and ICT
Reinforce environmental and emission-free businesses in such ways as an intensive study of LNG-fueled car carriers

       (Terminals) Further strengthen the competitiveness of (Logistics) Bolster the NVOCC business and expand the container terminals in Japan customer-oriented logistics business globally through
collaboration with overseas local partners
 Improve profit by optimizing cargo portfolio and flexibly Provide highly competitive services enhanced by the gen- reorganizing trade routes eration of synergies (scale merit)
Opportunities
• Increasing volume of worldwide cargo movement
• Diversifying cargo sources
• Advancement of IT technologies that can be used to improve customer services
Risks
• Downturn in the global economy and declining cargo volume due to the further progression of trade protectionism
• Increase in vessel operation costs following the tightening of SOx regulations
Segment Strengths
• Solid customer base rooted in the big three Japanese ship- ping companies and THE Alliance*
Transpacific Trade
(‘000 TEU)
300 240
Asia–Europe Trade
(‘000 TEU)
200 160 120
80 40
0 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
Business Strategy & Review Overview of Operations by Segment
Containerships
Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd. (ONE)
Direction in Fiscal 2019
The operational difficulties ONE experienced in its initial fiscal year of operation have already been overcome, and liftings are expected to recover to a level that is on a par with that of the three companies before the integration was implemented. Furthermore, ONE has been working on cargo portfolio optimization, which aims to com- bine inbound and outbound cargo collection in a way they can achieve higher profitability, as well as on upsizing vessels and trade route reorganization. By promoting these measures to improve
earnings, ONE intends to move into the black in fiscal 2019. In January 2020, SOx regulations that limit the percentage of sulfur content in vessel fuel oil will tighten, and this is expected to cause a hike in fuel oil prices. ONE will strive to conserve fuel oil consump- tion as an important mission to not only cut costs but also reduce environmental impact. Meanwhile, ONE is working to gain cus- tomer understanding to implement a fuel surcharge in order to compensate for the rise in fuel oil prices.
    Liftings at ONE (Fiscal 2018 / 2019 Results)
  • Dense service network on Transpacific and Asia–Europe trade 180 routes leveraging the presence in the market as well as extensive
services that cover the Asian region and North / South trade routes 120
• High level of competitiveness reinforced through the synergies
from the integration of three companies (reduction of variable 60 costs and overhead costs, etc.), which have steadily been
realized since ONE’s initial fiscal year
  After the financial crisis in 2008, the growth rate of transport demand slowed while the vessel supply increased due to the deliveries of new vessels that were ordered before the crisis. This worsened the supply and demand balance for container- ships, causing long-term market stagnation. In an attempt to enhance competitiveness in such harsh market conditions, many players in the industry pursued scale expansion through means such as M&As, resulting in significant reorganization of the industry. At the beginning of the 2000s, there were 19 major
containership companies. Today, that number has been reduced to just nine. In the midst of this trend, MOL, Nippon Yusen Kaisha, and Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha decided to spin out and merge their containership businesses, thereby establishing the integrated company ONE in 2017. ONE commenced its service in April 2018, operating a combined fleet of approximately 1.55 million TEUs including on order, which is equivalent to a 6% global share.
Market Environment and Growth Opportunities
Terminals & Logistics
Business Strategies
Progress and Outlook of Business
• High-quality customer service
* Containership service alliance among ONE, Hapag-Lloyd AG, and Yang Ming Marine Transport Corporation. Hyundai Merchant Marine is scheduled to join in April 2020.
0
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3
  Eastbound voyage (Fiscal 2018)
Eastbound voyage (Fiscal 2019)
Westbound voyage (Fiscal 2018)
Westbound voyage (Fiscal 2019)
Westbound voyage (Fiscal 2018)
Westbound voyage (Fiscal 2019)
Eastbound voyage (Fiscal 2018)
Eastbound voyage (Fiscal 2019)
(Month)
(Month)
  Fiscal 2018 in Review
Freight rates in Transpacific trade, which is ONE’s major route, were steady overall as cargo movements remained lively against the backdrop of rather robust personal consumption in the United States and a rush-in demand related to the trade conflict between the United States and China. For Asia–Europe trade, which is the next major route for ONE following Transpacific, while the supply and demand situation worsened due to the oversupply of vessels, cargo movements themselves were still relatively solid. However, due to staff members’ unfamiliarity with the IT systems and
insufficiencies in terms of the number of staff after the integration, ONE experienced tough operational conditions at the start, which not only inconvenienced customers but also led to a considerably lower number of liftings than initial expectations. Although capacity utilization rate improved in the second half as a result of extensive efforts to normalize the service, ONE recorded a significant loss in fiscal 2018. On the other hand, the synergistic effects that were envisioned at the time of integration have steadily emerged since ONE’s initial fiscal year through such achievements as the reduction of variable costs and overhead costs.
Business Strategies
Progress and Outlook of Business
Among our container terminal businesses, overseas assets are scheduled to be transferred to ONE, and discussions are currently being held among related parties for executing this transfer. In the domestic container terminal business, we expect demand to be solid in locations such as Tokyo Bay.
In the logistics business, we established MOL Worldwide Logistics Ltd. in July 2018, which is expected to lead the MOL Group’s NVOCC* business. MOL Worldwide Logistics will aggregate resources related to the NVOCC businesses of the two group companies, MOL Logistics (Japan) Co., Ltd. and MOL Consolidation Service Ltd., and strengthen these businesses
through centralized marketing, network operations, and global customer support. Additionally, for our overseas operations, we are working toward the enhancement of logistics businesses deeply rooted in local economies. In line with this, we acquired additional shares in PKT Logistics Group Sdn. Bhd., a compre- hensive logistics company in Malaysia, in August 2018. Going forward, we will further expand our overseas operations through means such as collaboration with local partners.
* Non-Vessel Operating Common Carrier. Without having their own transport means (vessels), NVOCCs transport cargoes by leasing space from other shipping companies to transport cargoes between ports and to the final inland points of delivery.
66
67

MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Business Strategy & Review Overview of Operations by Segment
Ferries & Coastal RoRo Ships
Business Strategies
Progress and Outlook of Business
Associated Businesses
Shin-Daibiru Building (Osaka)
Receiving the Osaka Mayor Award at the 37th Osaka Machinami Awards
Business Strategies
Progress and Outlook of Business
        Highly specialized
 Environmental and Emission-Free Businesses
Variable profits
Real Estate Business
Stable profits
Maritime-Related Businesses
Less specialized
 Improve the convenience of services for customers through upsizing vessels and enhancing intermodal transport services
Develop the “Casual Cruise” market by launching brand- new, attractive vessels and by further promoting the “Sunflower” brand
Fiscal 2018 in Review
In fiscal 2018, cargo volumes were firm due to acceleration in the modal shift. This acceleration comes from aging and a shortage of truck drivers and the promotion of workstyle reforms, to improve their labor conditions by reducing driving hours. The number of passengers was also steady for all Hokkaido, Setouchi, South Kyushu routes, partly due to our efforts such as the deploy- ment of two new ferries on the South Kyushu route and promotion of the concept of “Casual Cruise.” While overall profit declined on a year-on-year basis due to the impact of ferry cancellations caused by large-scale typhoons and prolonged mechanical troubles with vessels, we were still able to secure a profit in a stable manner.
In order to share the best practices between our consolidated subsidiaries MOL Ferry Co., Ltd. and Ferry Sunflower Limited, we established the Ferry Virtual Company (FVC). As a result, mutual exchange of information on aspects of activities that the two companies have in common, including cargo and passenger sales activities, marketing know-how, vessel management, and administrative business procedures is promoted. This is leading to improvements in business activities in both companies.
Direction in Fiscal 2019
Although no major growth is anticipated in the overall market for domestic transport due to the declining population, there are regions, such as Kyushu, where a modal shift is expected to accelerate. We believe there will still be increasing demand for transport by ferries and coastal RoRo ships in this area. To that end, we have introduced
Adoption of luxurious interior design on new vessels to meet “Casual Cruise” needs
two new RoRo ships in the Tokyo–Kanda (North Kyushu) route and commenced new services operating on an everyday basis (excluding Sundays). In addition, by utilizing the many trailers we possess, we are able to provide highly convenient transportation methods to customers. These include not only port-to-port transport services using RoRo ships but also services that respond to diverse intermo- dal demand, such as inland transport from points of collection to points of delivery. For passenger transport, in addition to trains and airplanes, ferries are now starting to be considered as a means of transportation. Moreover, the ways people enjoy travel are diversi- fying, including cruises that make the experience of riding on a ship itself entertaining. Against the backdrop of these types of changes, we forecast an expansion in the markets where our concept of “Casual Cruise” can appeal. Going forward, we will keep working to enhance the quality of the fleet by replacing vessels and increase the value of the “Sunflower” brand through appropriate marketing activities with the aim of leading the new market expansion. Additionally, we will improve our services by further promoting initiatives by FVC, which was established in the previous fiscal year. We also intend to leverage the strengths of the Group to enhance safe vessel operation and address the issue of crew member shortages.
Transport Results of Three MOL Group Companies*
(People) (Units)
900,000 440,000
860,000 410,000
820,000 380,000
00 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (fiscal)
Passengers (left) Cargo (right)
* MOL Ferry Co., Ltd., Ferry Sunflower Limited, and Meimon Taiyo Ferry Co., Ltd. (converted as MOL’s share)
Fiscal 2018 in Review
This segment comprises MOL’s real estate, cruise ship, tug- boat, trading, and other businesses. In the real estate business, although the lease office market performed favorably centered on the metropolitan areas, profit edged down slightly year-on- year due to the impact of large-lot tenant replacement. Meanwhile, we acquired properties in both domestic and over- seas markets that can be expected to contribute to stable profit in the future.
In terms of the tugboat business, the first LNG-fueled tugboat ISHIN was delivered in Osaka Bay in February 2019. Additionally, a new business in Viet Nam was launched.
Cruise ship, trading, and other businesses achieved rela- tively solid results, and the overall performance of associated businesses was on a par with that of the previous fiscal year.
Direction in Fiscal 2019
In fiscal 2019, we will continue to operate each business in a stable manner, and expect to achieve a result similar to that of fiscal 2018. In the real estate business, although the favorable market conditions are expected to continue until around 2020, there is the possibility that rent levels will drop after that in some areas and for certain properties. Therefore, we will continue our efforts to maintain and expand our portfolio of properties in major urban areas that will not be impacted by market condi- tions to keep accumulating stable profit. For tugboats, we will examine ways to reinforce our overseas businesses, including in Viet Nam. In the cruise ship business, we will thoroughly foster and instill safety awareness while at the same time working to capture steady cruise demand. In other business fields, we will aim to enter into offshore peripheral businesses and new business domains in which we can leverage our long-cultivated expertise, including environmental and emission-free businesses such as wind power businesses as well as transportation vessels for offshore wind power sites and other associated businesses.
 (Real estate) Target properties in major cities, etc., that hardly decline in value regardless of market conditions
(Tugboat) Horizontally share the best practices of each tugboat company within the Group and participate in overseas projects using secondhand vessels
(Cruise ship) Thoroughly reinforce safe operation and capture steady cruise demand
(Maritime-related, trading, and new businesses) Expand the scale and the domains of the business
         68
69

MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Data Section
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
MOL ADVANCE
2009/3 ¥1,865,802
1,564,485
104,104
197,211
204,510
197,732
126,987
(71,038)
(Millions of yen)
2019/3
¥1,234,077
1,094,915
101,442
37,718
38,574
46,778
26,875
(143,093)
55,248
(198,341)
90,138
2,134,477
1,193,910
1,105,873
651,607
525,064
¥   224.72
4,390.39
45
2.11
1.88
24.6
1.8
5.2
20.0
                                            For the year
Shipping and other revenues
Shipping and other expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit (loss)
Ordinary profit (loss)
Income (loss) before income taxes and non-controlling interests
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Free cash flow [(a) + (b)]
Cash flows from operating activities (a)
Cash flows from investing activities (b)
Depreciation and amortization
At year-end
Total assets
Total tangible fixed assets
Interest-bearing debt
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Amounts per share of common stock*1
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent (Yen)
Net assets (Yen)
Cash dividends applicable to the year (Yen)
Management indicators
Gearing ratio (Times)
Net gearing ratio (Times)
Equity ratio (%)
ROA (%)
ROE (%)
Dividend payout ratio (%)
CO2 emissions of MOL Group*2 fleet (Thousand tons)
Number of MOL Group*3 employees
2010/3 ¥1,347,964
1,228,478
98,546
20,939
24,234
27,776
12,722
(40,055)
GEAR UP! MOL
2011/3 ¥1,543,660
1,328,959
91,300
123,400
121,621
95,366
58,277
46,970
2012/3 ¥1,435,220
1,368,794
90,885
(24,459)
(24,320)
(33,516)
(26,009)
(129,298)
5,014
(134,312)
85,624
1,946,161
1,293,802
869,619
717,909
637,422
¥  (217.60)
5,332.70
50
1.36
1.23
32.8
(1.3)
(4.0)
2013/3 ¥1,509,194
1,432,014
92,946
(15,766)
(28,568)
(137,938)
(178,846)
(25,285)
78,955
(104,240)
94,685
2,164,611
1,303,967
1,046,865
619,492
535,422
¥ (1,495.70)
4,477.60
0
1.96
1.58
24.7
(1.4)
(30.5)
RISE 2013
2014/3
¥1,729,452 1,587,902 100,458 41,092 54,985
71,710
57,393 (25,615) 94,255
(119,870) 83,983
2,364,695 1,379,244 1,094,081
783,549 679,160
¥   479.90 5,679.00 50
1.61 1.35 28.7
2.4 9.5
STEER FOR 2020
2015/3 ¥1,817,069
1,683,795
116,024
17,249
51,330
58,332
42,356
(66,656)
92,494
(159,150)
87,803
2,624,049
1,498,028
1,183,401
892,435
782,556
¥   354.20
6,542.60
70
1.51
1.35
29.8
2.1
5.8
19.8
18,803
10,508
2016/3 ¥1,712,222
1,594,568
115,330
2,323
36,267
(154,385)
(170,447)
182,508
209,189
(26,681)
92,771
2,219,587
1,376,431
1,044,980
646,924
540,951
¥ (1,425.00)
4,522.80
50
1.93
1.64
24.4
1.5
(25.8)
2017/3 ¥1,504,373
1,388,264
113,551
2,558
25,426
23,303
5,257
(56,318)
17,623
(73,941)
87,190
2,217,528
1,323,665
1,122,400
683,621
571,983
¥    43.95
4,782.25
20
1.96
1.64
25.8
1.1
0.9
ROLLING PLAN
2018/3
¥1,652,393
1,513,736
115,972
22,684
31,473
(28,709)
(47,380)
(2,471)
98,380
(100,851)
86,629
2,225,096
1,290,929
1,118,089
628,044
511,242
¥  (396.16)
4,274.81
20
2.19
1.82
23.0
1.4
(8.7)
―
                                        118,984 93,428 181,755
     (190,022)
78,155
1,807,079
1,106,746
702,617
695,021
623,715
¥ 1,061.30
5,212.26
310
1.13
0.99
34.5
11.0
19.5
29.2
20,473
10,012
(133,483)
88,366
1,861,312
1,209,175
775,114
735,702
659,508
¥   106.30
5,517.01
30
1.18
1.05
35.4
1.3
2.0
28.2
18,708
9,707
(134,785)
77,445
1,868,740
1,257,823
724,259
740,247
660,795
¥   487.50
5,528.30
100
1.10
1.00
35.4
6.5
8.8
20.5
20,073
9,438
― ―10.4
― 45.5
18,676 18,204
10,500 10,794
                                                                                                                         19,660
9,431
18,876 17,810
9,465 10,289
17,774 16,369
10,828 8,941
                  Note: Rounded down to the nearest ¥1 million
*1 The Company consolidated every 10 shares into 1 share effective October 1, 2017. Accordingly, figures have been calculated as if the consolidation of shares had been con-
ducted at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. *2 Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. and its primary Group companies
*3 Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries
70
71

Revenues / Ordinary Profit
Fiscal 2018
Revenues ¥ Ordinary Profit
(¥ billion)
Data Section
Key Indicators Ordinary Profit (Loss) by Segment
Fiscal 2018
Dry Bulk Business
Energy Transport Business
Product Transport Business
Associated Businesses / Others / Adjustments
(¥ billion)
80 40 0
–40 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3
Total Assets / Net Assets
Fiscal 2018
Total Assets ¥ Net Assets
(¥ billion)
Interest-Bearing Debt / Net Interest- Bearing Debt / Shareholders’ Equity
Fiscal 2018
Gearing Ratio / Net Gearing Ratio / Equity Ratio
Fiscal 2018
Gearing Ratio Net Gearing Ratio Equity Ratio
Credit Ratings (As of June 2019)
1,234.0
¥21.9 billion
2,134,4
1,105.8
2.11 1.88
JCR R&I Moody’s
A– BBB Ba2
Short-term debt rating (CP) J–1 Long-term senior debt A–
38.5 ¥
651.6 ¥
986.7
billion billion
(¥ billion)
¥21.1 billion ¥(12.2) billion
billion billion
(¥ billion)
Interest-Bearing Debt ¥ Net Interest-Bearing Debt Shareholders’ Equity*2
(¥ billion)
1,500 1,200 900 600 300
0 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3
billion billion billion
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
¥7.7 billion
525.0
24.6
*1
¥
 Type of rating
 Rating
 2,000 200 1,500 150 1,000 100
500 50
2,400 1,800 1,200
600 0
800 600 400 200
0
2.50 50
2.00 40 JCR 1.50 30
1.00 20
0.50 10 R&I
(issuer) rating
Long-term debt rating A–
Issuer rating BBB (Stable)
Short-term debt rating (CP) a–2 Long-term debt rating BBB
3,000 1,000
(%)
¥
%
                  (Stable)
                 0 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3
Revenues (left) Ordinary profit (right)
0
14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3
0 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3 0
      Bulkships Containerships Other segments, etc. Dry Bulk Business
Energy Transport Business Product Transport Business Associated Businesses / Others / Adjustments
Total assets (left) Net assets (right)
Interest-bearing debt Net interest-bearing debt
Shareholders’ equity
Gearing ratio (left)
Net gearing ratio (left)
Equity ratio (right)
Moody’s
Corporate family rating
Ba2 (Stable)
  Revenues declined ¥418.3 billion from the previous fiscal year due to a business spin-off. In terms of ordinary profit, we recorded a significant loss at ONE, causing us to incorporate equity in losses. However, ordinary profit rose ¥7.1 billion due to highly stable profits primarily from the Dry Bulk and Energy Transport businesses as well as relatively favorable market conditions.
Net Income (Loss)* per Share / Cash Dividends Applicable to the Year / Dividend Payout Ratio
In the Dry Bulk Business, profit rose ¥6.5 billion supported by favorable market conditions and medium- and long-term contracts. For the Energy Transport Business, profit increased ¥7.5 billion due to several factors, including the accumulation of highly stable profits from LNG tankers and offshore businesses, robust conditions in the oil tanker market, and successful efforts to decrease the number of unprofit- able vessels. However, the Product Transport Business recorded a loss stemming from the impact of the confusion that occurred during the commencement of operations at ONE and transitional costs.
In fiscal 2018, we sold off 17 vessels that were either old or had a low level of profitability in an effort to rejuvenate and enhance the competitive- ness of our fleet. As a result, total assets as
of March 31, 2019, declined ¥90.6 billion. Meanwhile, net assets increased ¥23.6 billion due primarily to the rise in retained earnings.
ROA (Based on Ordinary Profit) / ROE
Interest-bearing debt declined ¥12.2 billion, to ¥1,105.8 billion, due mainly to the decrease in long-term debt. Shareholders’ equity was up ¥13.8 billion, to ¥525.0 billion, owing in part to the increase in retained earnings.
*1 Interest-bearing debt – Cash and cash equivalents *2 “Shareholders’ equity” in this section comprises the
total of owners’ equity and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
The gearing ratio edged up 0.08 and the equity ratio rose 1.6 points, reflecting the ¥12.2 billion decline in interest-bearing debt, the ¥90.6 billion decline in total assets, and the ¥13.8 billion increase in shareholders’ equity.
Fleet Size (All types of vessels)*
Fiscal 2018 839 Number of Vessels
Despite uncertainty in the business environment, MOL has maintained its current ratings, reflecting steady improvement in MOL’s business performance. Going forward, MOL will continue working to bolster its profitability and improve its financial standing, in an effort to further enhance its ratings.
   Fiscal 2018
Net Income (Loss) per Share Cash Dividends
Applicable to the Year
Dividend Payout Ratio
¥224.72 ¥45.00
Fiscal 2018
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
(¥ billion)
300 150 0 –150
¥55.2 billion ¥(198.3) billion
Fiscal 2018 1.8 ROA %
Fiscal 2018
Capital Expenditure
(¥ billion)
200 160 120
80 40 0
¥ 113.0
billion
vessels Deadweight 63,129 thousand tons
(¥)
500
0
–500
–1,000
–1,500
(%)
50 0
(%) (%)
20 10 10 5 00 –10 –5 –20 –10
–30 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3 –15
ROA (right)
ROE (left)
While total assets decreased compared with the previous fiscal year-end, return on assets (ROA) improved due to the increase in ordinary profit. Return on equity (ROE) also improved significantly, exceeding 5%, as profit attributable to owners of parent turned into the black.
(Number of Vessels)
(Thousand tons)
20.0
ROE 5.2%
%
Cash Flows
Capital Expenditure
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
                         14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3
–300 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flow
Free cash flow was significantly negative as a result of our investment associated with the spin-off of the containership business as well as investments in LNG carriers and offshore businesses, two areas the Company concentrates management resources in. To improve free cash flow going forward, we will examine the liquefaction of assets while continuing to carefully select investment projects.
14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3
14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3 0
Net income (loss) per share (left)
Cash dividends applicable to the year (left) Dividend payout ratio (right)
Number of vessels (left) Deadweight (right)
Following the integration of the containership business, we gradually redelivered containerships for which chartering contracts had completed with ship owners. As a result, the number of container- ships we possess or charter declined by 26 compared with the previous fiscal year-end, to
65 vessels. Going forward, ONE will purchase or charter vessels on its own.
* Including spot-chartered ships and those owned by joint ventures
Profit attributable to owners of parent was ¥26.8 billion, turning around from the significant loss recorded in the previous fiscal year due to the provision related to charter rates of containerships for ONE. Also, in accordance with our policy of maintaining a consolidated payout ratio of 20%, we issued an interim dividend of ¥20 per share and a year-end divided of ¥25 per share, following
the increase in net profit.
* Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Capital expenditure represented here is the net amount calculated by deducting proceeds from the sale of vessels from the amount of “Tangible / intangible fixed assets increases” contained in the annual securities report.
Note: The Company consolidated its common shares on the basis of one (1) unit for every ten (10) shares effective October 1, 2017. Accordingly, each figure was calculated as if the consolidation of shares had been conducted at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014.
72
73

 Dry Bulk Business
Energy Transport Business
Mitsui O.S.K. Kinkai, Ltd.
MOL Bridge Finance S.A.
MOL Cape (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Shipowner / Chartering companies (74 companies) in Panama, Marshall Islands, Liberia, Hong Kong, Cayman Islands and Singapore Other (1 company)
Gearbulk Holding AG
Shipowner company (1 company) in Panama
Bamboo Mountain Power B.V.
Coconutland Maritime INC.
El Sol Shipping Ltd. S.A.
Lakler S.A.
MCGC International Ltd.
MNN Holdings Inc.
MOG LNG Transport S.A.
MOL Chemical Tankers Japan Co., Ltd.
MOL Chemical Tankers Pte. Ltd.
MOL Coastal Shipping, Ltd.
MOL LNG Transport Co., Ltd.
MOL Netherlands Bulkship B.V.
MOL Nordic Tankers A/S
Pacific LNG Transport Ltd.
Phoenix Tankers Pte. Ltd.
Pine Mountain Power B.V.
Samba Offshore S.A.
Shining Shipping S.A.
Unix Line Pte. Ltd.
Shipowner / Chartering companies (112 companies) in Panama, Marshall Islands, Liberia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia and Malta Akofs Offsore As
Aramo Shipping (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Asahi Tanker Co., Ltd.
Carioca MV27 B.V.
Cernambi Norte MV26 B.V.
Cernambi Sul MV24 B.V.
Den Hartogh Holdings B.V.
LNG Fukurokuju Shipping Corp.
LNG Jurojin Shipping Corp.
Karmol Lng Company LTD.
Libra MV31 B.V.
Mozanbique Fsru Company LTD.
PT Jawa Satu Regas
Sepia MV30 B.V.
T.E.N. Ghana MV25 B.V.
Tartaruga MV29 B.V.
Trans Pacific Shipping 2 Ltd.
Trans Pacific Shipping 5 Ltd.
Trans Pacific Shipping 8 Ltd.
Viken MOL AS
Viken Shuttle AS
Shipowner / Chartering companies (53 companies) in Panama, Marshall Islands, Liberia, Hong Kong, Cayman Islands, Singapore, Indonesia, Cyprus, Bahamas and Malta
Asia Utoc Pte. Ltd.
Bangkok Container Service Co., Ltd.
Bangpoo Intermodal Systems Co., Ltd.
Blue Highway Express Kyushu Co., Ltd
Blue Highway Service K.K.
Blue Sea Network Co., Ltd.
Chugoku Shipping Agencies Ltd.
Euro Marine Carrier B.V.
Euro Marine Logistics N.V.
Ferry Sunflower Limited
International Container Transport Co., Ltd.
International Transportation Inc.
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
MOL Consolidation Service Ltd.
MOL Consolidation Service Ltd. (China)
MOL Container Center (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
MOL Ferry Co., Ltd.
MOL Hong Kong Ltd.
MOL Logistics (Deutschland) GMBH
MOL Logistics (Europe) B.V.
MOL Logistics (H.K.) Ltd.
MOL Logistics (Japan) Co., Ltd.
MOL Logistics (Netherlands) B.V.
MOL Logistics (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
MOL Logistics (Taiwan) Co., Ltd.
MOL Logistics (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Registered Office
Japan Panama Singapore
Switzerland
Netherlands Panama Panama Uruguay Bahamas Liberia Panama Japan Singapore Japan Japan Netherlands Denmark Bahamas Singapore Netherlands Panama Panama Singapore
Norway Singapore Japan Netherlands Netherlands Netherlands Netherlands Bahamas Bahamas
Marta Netherlands Marshall Islands Indonesia Netherlands Netherlands Netherlands Bahamas Bahamas Bahamas Norway
Norway
Singapore Thailand Thailand Japan Japan Japan Japan Netherlands Belgium Japan Japan
USA Thailand Hong Kong China Thailand Japan
Hong Kong Germany Netherlands Hong Kong Japan Netherlands Singapore Taiwan Thailand
Voting Rights (%)*
100.00 100.00 100.00
49.00
100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
80.10
75.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
25.00 50.00 27.83 20.60 20.60 20.60 20.00 30.00 30.00 50.00 20.60
— 19.00 20.60 20.00 20.60 20.00 50.00 50.00 50.00
—
100.00 100.00 74.62 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 75.50 50.00 99.00 51.00 51.00 47.00 100.00 100.00 99.60 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 75.06 100.00 100.00 100.00 99.00
MOL’s Paid-in Capital (Thousands) ¥660,000 US$8 US$62,752
US$228,100
US$0 US$14,408 US$10 US$101,401 US$1 US$22,100 ¥0 ¥100,000 S$262,370 ¥650,000 ¥40,000 € 18 DKK 8,000 US$1 US$379,311 US$0 US$10 US$10 US$344
NKR 60,000 US$20,743 ¥600,045 € 169,419 € 175,026 € 162,160 € 60 ¥1,000 ¥1,000 US$9,781 US$100 US$9,781 IDR 11,272,000 US$100 € 149,650 US$206,138 ¥3,961,000 ¥2,672,000 ¥1,265,000 US$61,500 US$38,104
S$900 THB10,000 THB130,000 ¥50,000 ¥30,000 ¥54,600 ¥10,000 € 91 € 1,950 ¥100,000 ¥100,000 US$60,000 THB20,000 HK$1,000 RMB8,000 THB10,000 ¥1,577,400 HK$40,000 € 537 € 414 HK$14,100 ¥756,250 € 3,049 S$700 NT$7,500 THB20,000
Product Transport Business
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
Data Section The MOL Group
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. March 31, 2019 Consolidated Subsidiaries
Registered Office
MOL Logistics (UK) Ltd.
MOL Logistics (USA) Inc.
MOL Logistics Holding (Europe) B.V.
MOL Worldwide Logistics, Ltd.
Nissan Carrier Europe B.V.
Nissan Motor Car Carrier Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Huajia International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd.
Shosen Koun Co., Ltd.
Thai Intermodal Systems Co., Ltd.
TraPac Jacksonville, LLC.
TraPac, LLC.
Utoc Corp.
Utoc Engineering Pte. Ltd.
Utoc Logistics Corp.
Utoc Ryutsu Service Corp.
Utoc Stevedoring Corp.
Utoc Transnet Corp.
World Logistics Service (U.S.A.), Inc.
Shipowner / Chartering companies (52 companies) in Panama, Marshall Islands, Liberia, Hong Kong, Cayman Islands, Singapore and Isle of Man
Others (18 companies)
Meimon Taiyo Ferry Co., Ltd.
Nippon Concept Corp.
Ocean Network Express Holdings, Ltd.
Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd.
PKT Logistics Group Sdn. Bhd.
Rotterdam World Gateway B.V.
Shanghai Kakyakusen Kaisha, Ltd.
Tan Cang-Cai Mep International Terminal Co. Ltd.
TIPS Co., Ltd.
Other (1 company)
Daibiru Corporation
Daibiru CSB Co., Ltd.
Daibiru Holdings Australia Pty Ltd.
Daibiru Facility Management Ltd.
Daibiru Saigon Tower Co., Ltd.
Green Kaiji Kaisha, Ltd.
Green Shipping, Ltd.
Hokuso Kohatsu K.K.
Ikuta & Marine Co., Ltd.
Japan Express Co., Ltd.
Japan Hydrographic Charts & Publications Co., Ltd.
Jentower Limited
Kitanihon Tug-boat Co., Ltd.
Kobe Towing Co., Ltd.
Kosan Kanri Service Co., Ltd.
Kosan Kanri Service-West Co., Ltd.
M.O. Tourist Co., Ltd.
MOL Kosan Co., Ltd.
Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line, Ltd.
MOL Career Support, Ltd.
MOL Kaiji Co., Ltd.
MOL Techno-Trade, Ltd.
Nihon Tug-Boat Co., Ltd.
Nishinihon Sogo Setsubi Co., Ltd.
Tanshin Building Service Co., Ltd.
Tokai Tugboat K.K.
Ube Port Service Co., Ltd.
White Lotus Properties Ltd.
Chartering company (1 company) in Panama
Other (2 companies)
Shinyo Kaiun Corp.
South China Towing Co., Ltd.
Tan Cang-Cai Northern Maritime Joint Stock Company
Tan Cang-Cai Mep Towage Services Co., Ltd.
Euromol B.V.
Linkman Holdings Inc.
Mitsui O.S.K. Holdings (Benelux) B.V.
MOL (Americas) LLC.
MOL (Americas) Holdings, Inc.
MOL (Asia Oceania) Pte. Ltd.
MOL (Europe Africa) Ltd.
MOL Accounting Co., Ltd.
MOL Adjustment, Ltd.
MOL Engineering Co., Ltd.
MOL Information Systems, Ltd.
MOL Manning Service S.A.
MOL Marine Co., Ltd.
MOL Ocean Expert Co., Ltd.
MOL Ship Management Co., Ltd.
MOL Ship Tech Inc.
MOL Treasury Management Pte. Ltd.
Other (1 company)
Voting Rights (%)*
100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
90.00 76.00 79.98
100.00 100.00 100.00
67.55 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
41.13 15.00 31.00
— 35.13 20.00 31.98 21.33 24.44
51.07
99.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
95.25 100.00 62.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 87.26 100.00 100.00 70.00 99.39 100.00
36.00 25.00 36.00 40.00
100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00
MOL’s Paid-in Capital (Thousands) £400 US$9,814 € 19 HK$58,600 € 195 ¥640,000 US$1,720 ¥300,000 THB77,500 — — ¥2,155,300 S$2,000 ¥50,000 ¥10,000 ¥50,000 ¥90,000 US$200
¥880,000 ¥600,440 ¥50,000 US$3,000,000 MYR276,354 € 14,018 ¥100,000 VND732,966,020 THB100,000
¥12,227,847 VND349,000,000 A$140,000 ¥17,000 VND124,203,000 ¥95,400 ¥172,000 ¥50,000 ¥26,500 ¥99,960 ¥32,000 US$0 ¥50,000 ¥50,000 ¥20,000 ¥14,400 ¥250,000 ¥300,000 ¥100,000 ¥100,000 ¥95,000 ¥490,000 ¥134,203 ¥10,000 ¥20,000 ¥10,000 ¥14,950 ¥6,810,000
¥100,000 HK$12,400 VND 118,560,000 VND 112,717,115 € 8,444 US$3 € 17,245 — US$200 S$2,350 US$8,402 ¥30,000 ¥10,000 ¥20,000 ¥100,000 US$3,889 ¥100,000 ¥100,000 ¥50,000 ¥50,000 US$2,000
74
75
Affiliated Companies Accounted for by the Equity Method
Product Transport Business
UK
USA Netherlands Hong Kong Netherlands Japan
China
Japan Thailand USA
USA
Japan Singapore Japan Japan Japan Japan
USA
Japan Japan Japan Singapore Malaysia Netherlands Japan
Viet Nam Thailand
Japan
Viet Nam
Australia
Japan
Viet Nam
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
British Virgin Islands Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
British Virgin Islands
Japan
Hong Kong Viet Nam Viet Nam Netherlands Liberia Netherlands USA
USA Singapore UK
Japan Japan Japan Japan Panama Japan Japan Japan Japan Singapore
Associated Businesses
Others
* MOL’s voting rights include voting rights of MOL and its subsidiaries

 UK
Europe / Africa
UK Netherlands Belgium France
Italy
Turkey Russia Poland Germany
Asia / Middle East / Oceania
North America / Central America / The Caribbean
USA Canada Mexico
South America
MOL considers timely and accurate disclosure of management and financial information as a matter of great importance. In addition to being accountable to shareholders and investors by providing information, the Company communicates their opinions to its management. The distinguishing feature of our investor relations (IR) activities is that the president takes the lead in their implementation. In fiscal 2018, based on the belief that the president himself should directly communicate the Company’s future strategies, the president gave the Company’s presentations of interim and full-year results and attended meetings with domestic and foreign investors. The Company is also aware of the need for full and fair disclosure to all investors, whether in Japan or overseas. In releasing its quarterly financial results, the Company discloses the financial highlights in Japanese and English on the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s TDnet, while simultaneously posting
the Japanese and English presentation materials on its website. Such information is emailed to domestic and foreign investors who request notification. Additionally, MOL actively disseminates
information about management strategy, investment plans, market conditions, and other information through its website.
As expressed in the Corporate Governance Code, MOL proactively holds constructive dialogues with institutional investors and there will be no change to this policy. Feedback is regularly provided to management with regard to the content of discus- sions held with investors and analysts. MOL will continuously bolster the quality and quantity of communication while being mindfully aware of fair disclosure rules enacted in April 2018.
The responsibility to provide information is not limited to management and financial issues. MOL’s basic stance is to quickly disclose information, including negative information on such matters as accidents, to all stakeholders. Furthermore, the Company holds regular drills for responding to the media in emergencies and are working to strengthen its ability to quickly and properly disclose information. MOL will continue working to raise reliability in its business policies and management through close communication with various stakeholders.
IR Materials (Available on MOL’s website)
Regional Representative, Europe, Africa: UK
Chief Country Representative: Turkey
Regional Representative, Asia, Middle East, Oceania: Singapore
Chief Country / Regional Representatives: China, Taiwan, India, Indonesia, Republic of Korea, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Thailand, Viet Nam, UAE, Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore
Headquarters: Japan
Dry Bulk Business Unit Energy Transport Business Unit Product Transport Business Unit Corporate Marketing Division Administrative Department
Regional Representative, North America, Central America
& the Caribbean: USA
Chief Country Representative: Mexico
Regional Representative, South America: Brazil
Chief Country Representative: Brazil
Austria
Czech Republic
Egypt
Algeria
Ghana
Kenya
Republic of South Africa
Japan China
Republic of Korea
Taiwan Hong Kong Philippines Myanmar
Malaysia Singapore Viet Nam Thailand Indonesia India
Sri Lanka Qatar
UAE
Oman Australia New Zealand
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Data Section
The MOL Group’s Global Network
Information Disclosure and External Recognition
Promoting Information Disclosure and Engagement
Countries and Regions with Group Offices
Japan
Singapore
IR Activities in Fiscal 2018 (April 2018–March 2019)
ONE MOL Network for Global Information Strategy
—Utilizing Information across Divisions, Countries, and Regions—
76
77
Brazil Chile
USA
Headquarters & Chief Executive Representatives Chief Country / Regional Representatives
Group company (50% stake or more) offices
* Translation for reference and convenience purpose only is available.
THE INCLUSION OF MITSUI O.S.K. LINES, LTD. IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF MITSUI O.S.K. LINES, LTD. BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
Brazil
Activity
For securities analysts and institutional investors
For overseas institutional investors
For individual investors
Frequency
Business performance presentations
President’s small meetings Overseas investor road shows
Conferences held by securities companies
Corporate presentations for individual investors
4 times 4 times 5 times
4 times 2 times
Details
Quarterly results/forecasts
Held for analysts in Japan
Twice in Europe, twice in Asia, and once in North America
Attended conferences in Japan and held individual meetings
Attended seminars for individual investors in Nagoya and Takamatsu, once in each city
External Recognition
Material
Financial reports
Stock exchange filings (financial highlights, etc.)
Business performance presentation materials (including summaries of Q&A sessions)
Integrated report
Securities reports
Quarterly reports
Business reports for shareholders Investor guidebook
Market data
Japanese English Yes Yes
Yes Yes
Yes Yes
Yes Yes Yes No Yes No Yes No* Yes Yes Yes Yes
• SMBC Work Style Reform Finance
Based on MOL's initiatives adopted in the past (see page 40), Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation approved MOL for SMBC Work Style Reform Finance as a growth enterprise that can be expected to encourage workstyle reform in the future (FY2017).

MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
Data Section Glossary (In alphabetical order)
Shareholder Information
For further information, please contact:
Investor Relations Team
Corporate Communication Division Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd.
1-1, Toranomon 2-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8688, Japan
E-mail iromo@molgroup.com URL https://www.mol.co.jp/en/
 Capital
  ¥65,400,351,028
 Head office
1-1, Toranomon 2-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8688, Japan
 Number of MOL employees
  1,026
 Number of MOL Group employees
(The parent company and consolidated subsidiaries)
8,941
 Total number of shares authorized
 315,400,000
 Number of shares issued
 120,628,611
 Number of shareholders
 85,217
 Shares listed on
  Tokyo Stock Exchange
 Share transfer agent
(Contact information)
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited Stock Transfer Agency Business Planning Department
8-4, Izumi 2-chome, Suginami-ku, Tokyo 168-0063, Japan
 Communication materials
 MOL Report (English / Japanese) Investor Guidebook (English / Japanese) Market Data (English / Japanese)
News Releases (English / Japanese) Website (English / Japanese)
  (As of March 31, 2019)
    Chemical Tankers
Tankers fitted with multiple tanks to transport many different types of liquid chemical cargo at the same time. These tankers have complex design specifications, as they are equipped with indepen- dent pipelines, cargo pumps, and temperature-regulating functions for each tank, in addition to dedicated facilities for cleaning and other features.
Ethane Carriers
Market Exposure
If vessels procured for the medium- and long-term (owned or medium-and long-term chartered vessels) operate only under short- term cargo transport contracts, these vessels are exposed to market rate fluctuations as a result of the mismatch between the vessel procurement and operating periods. MOL defines the number of medium-and long-term procured vessels operating under cargo contracts of less than two years as “market exposure,” and monitors the ratio of its market exposure with the aim of controlling the risk of market fluctuation.
Pool
Arrangements where ship operators and owners pool certain ships together to conduct joint operations.
RoRo (Roll-on / Roll-off) Ships
Ships that are equipped with a ramp like ferries and have a vehicle deck to hold trucks, trailers, and other vehicles. Cranes and other loading equipment are not used in loading; instead, vehicles are driven onto the ship. In general, while ferries transport passengers and personal-use automobiles in addition to freight vehicles, RoRo ships mainly transport freight vehicles.
Small- and Medium-sized Bulkers
Panamax, Handymax, and Small handy dry bulkers that mainly transport general bulk cargo, such as coal, grain, salt, cement, and steel products.
SOx
The term “SOx” collectively refers to sulfur oxide emissions, including sulfur dioxide (SO2), which are air pollutants emitted during the combustion of fossil fuels containing sulfur, such as oil and coal. In the marine transport industry, regulations requiring a drastic reduction in the sulfur content of fuel will come into effect in 2020,
in order to curtail the amount of SOx in vessel emissions.
Subsea Support Vessels
Vessels designed for installation and maintenance of subsea facilities during exploitation of offshore oil and gas fields.
Visualization of Marine Operations
Measures to provide visualization of the conditions of vessels and cargo at sea using ICT, thereby achieving optimal vessel operations, in conjunction with providing value-added services to customers. For example, big data on weather and sea conditions is analyzed and effectively utilized to achieve safer vessel operations and optimal routing. In addition, measures are taken to improve the safety of vessel operations and ship management efficiency, including remotely monitoring the operational status of engines and other machinery and making maintenance arrangements in advance.
  Ethane carriers are specialized for transporting liquefied ethane, which has been cooled to -92°C, and equipped with a reliquefaction system. LNG carriers transport cargo at -162°C, and LPG tankers transport cargo at -42°C, so ethane carriers fall somewhere between the two.
FPSO (Floating Production, Storage and Offloading System)
A floating facility for producing oil and gas offshore. The oil is stored in tanks in the facility and directly offloaded to shuttle tankers for transport to the shore facility.
FSRU (Floating Storage and Regasification Unit) FSU (Floating Storage Unit)
An FSU is a floating facility for storing LNG offshore. An FSRU
has the same structure as an FSU with an additional function for regasification of LNG onboard, with which it can send out vaporized natural gas to land through a pipeline. FSRUs and FSUs are being adopted for a growing number of projects to establish LNG receiving terminals all over the world because of their advantages, including a shorter lead time and lower costs compared to conventional onshore receiving terminals.
Highly Stable Profits
Profits that are stably generated by contracts of two years or more, and projected profits from highly stable businesses. Highly stable profits are currently provided by the following segments: Dry bulkers, Tankers, and LNG carriers / Offshore businesses under medium- and long-term contracts (two years or more); Associated businesses; and Others.
LNG Carriers
Tankers designed for the transportation of liquefied natural gas (LNG). To transport LNG which has been cooled to -162 °C, LNG carriers make use of a wide variety of technologies in various ship parts, including specialized tanks that can withstand extremely cold temperatures and emergency shut-off devices to prevent accidents in cargo operation.
Stock Price (Tokyo Stock Exchange) and Volume of Stock Trade*
3,890
High ¥ High ¥ High ¥
            Low ¥
Volume of Stock Trade (Monthly)
2,891
2,163
Stock Price
(¥)
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
Low   ¥
Low   ¥
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018
   1,990
4,170
3,490
          50 40 30 20 10
0
* The Company consolidated its common shares on the basis of one (1) unit for every ten (10) shares effective October 1, 2017. Figures for FY2016 are calculated on the assump- tion that the consolidation of shares was conducted at the beginning of FY2016.
(Million shares)
       78
79
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 F2Y021061年6 F2Y021071年7 F20Y1280年18 2F0Y1290年19
 