 Value that MOL Provides
Offshore Businesses
Drawing on our expertise and techniques cultivated in the field of energy transport through the operation of LNG carriers and tankers, we work to offer solutions beyond transportation, such as FSRUs and FPSOs, to meet the demand for energy primarily in emerging countries.
Terminals
We operate container terminals in five locations in Japan and eight locations overseas,* and also provide stevedore services across Japan for car carriers and other conventional cargo ships. Accordingly, we have developed a comprehensive terminal business.
Logistics
Making full use of our wide-ranging network that spans across 27 countries, we deliver a diverse combination of logistics services to our customers, including marine, air, and land transportation as well as customs clearance and warehouse management.
* Overseas container terminal business is scheduled to be transferred to the integrated containership business company, ONE.
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Value-Added Transport Services
Through the transportation of various goods, such as resources, energy, raw materials, and products, the MOL Group supports people’s lives and industries around the world. By continuing to provide efficient, safe, and reliable transport services sustainably, which is the core of our business, we will fulfill our role as an important part of economic and social infrastructure.
Percentage of Marine Transport within Japan’s Overall Trade Volume
99.6
%
Source: Japan’s Marine Transport Shipping Now 2018–2019, Japan Maritime Public Relations Center
World Population and Volume of Cargo Transported at Sea
28
29
Based on the track record and expertise we have gained in our over 130-year history, we provide safe and reliable transport services on a daily basis. In addition, through the operation of a diverse fleet that is world-leading in scale, we are able to offer large volume and low-cost transport services for various cargoes.
Dry bulkers
Tankers
LNG carriers
Car carriers
Containerships
Customers
Food manufacturers
Paper manufacturers
Iron and steel producers
Electric power companies
Oil companies
Gas companies
Automobile and construction equipment manufacturers
Other manufacturers
Trading houses Forwarders
Marine
Transport
(Billions of people)
20 15 10
5
0
Average annual growth rate forecast
(Billions of tons)
Average annual growth rate
1.0% 10.0 7.5
4.6%
1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 2020 2030 2040 2050
Source: Results for cargo movements were taken from Clarksons. Results and forecasts for world population were taking from the United Nations. Forecasts for future cargo movements are based off Company calculations.
Forecasts for future cargo movements after 2019
5.0
2.5
0
World population (left)
Volume of cargo transported at sea (right)
End-consumers
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Value-Added Transport Services
Pursuing Safe Operation That Supports High-Quality Transport Services
In sustainably providing value to society through transportation, the most important element is ensuring reliable safe operation. To visualize the process for achieving safe operation, MOL adopted the “4 Zeroes” (zero serious marine incidents, zero oil pollution, zero fatal accidents, and zero cargo damage) as its goals and monitors the continuous number of days that “4 Zeroes” are achieved. In this way, we are increasing the safety awareness among all employees in their daily duties. In addition to the 4 Zeroes, we have other key performance indicators (KPIs) listed below. For this year in particular, we have adopted “Development of Groupwide safety and quality management” as a focus area under “Rolling Plan 2019” and all corporate officers and employees of the Group are prioritizing efforts to realize the world’s highest standards for safe operation.
Safe Operation Management Structure
       KPIs Related to the Thorough Enforcement of Safe Operation
1234
Formulation of the MOL Safety Standard Specifications
Based on the lessons learned from serious marine incidents that occurred in the past, we formulated the MOL Safety Standard Specifications in 2006 with the goal of ensuring a high level of safety on all our vessels. These standard specifications are revised occasionally as necessary. The kind of specifications a vessel should be equipped with are determined to better ensure the prevention of collation and grounding, fire, flooding and loss of stability, oil leakage at sea and environmental pollution, and workplace accidents, which all have a significant impact on society and on Company profits. We apply such specifications to MOL-operated vessels.
Cultivation of a Safety-Oriented Culture
MOL implements a vast range of initiatives with the hope of foster- ing an awareness of safe operation in each employee. In our Safety Campaigns, which we conduct twice a year, directors and employ- ees gather together onboard our ships to share information and exchange opinions on accident prevention. Furthermore, we have been holding annual Safety Conferences for seafarers on leave at locations across the globe since 2007. They are important
opportunities to learn about actual accidents and work-related disasters and actively discuss the causes and measures to be taken to prevent reoccurrence.
Establishment of the Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC)
The SOSC was established in 2007 within the Head Office under the motto “Never let the captain get isolated.” The SOSC is staffed by two marine technical specialists, including an experienced MOL captain. By monitoring the weather, sea, and other conditions surrounding the approximately 830 vessels operated by the MOL Group, the SOSC provides information on vessel operation in a timely fashion.
The SOSC provides assistance to all ship captains 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Progress on Autonomous Sailing Using ICT
Please see page 37 for details
(examples of MOL’s technological innovation).
The Operational Safety Committee, chaired by the president, deliberates and determines basic policies and measurements for ensuring and thoroughly enforcing the safe operation of all Group vessels.
In addition, we have the Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC), which monitors and supports the safety of Group vessels.
* MOL Ship Management Co., Ltd. and MOL LNG Transport Co., Ltd.
Organizational Structure Supporting Safe Operation
  Efforts to Achieve Safe Operations
      Continuous achievement
of the 4 Zeroes for:
• Serious marine incidents • Oil pollution
• Fatal accidents
• Cargo damage
Trend in Lost Time Injury Frequency (LTIF)
Average Operational Stoppage Time and Operational Stoppage Accident Rate
(Number of accidents per vessel)
 2.0
1.6
1.2 Average among marine transport industry in 2018 (1.20)
(Hours per vessel)
2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
0
2017 2018 (Fiscal year)
Response to Allision of the NIPPON MARU in the Port of Guam
 Average among all industries in 2018 (1.83)
40 30 20 10
0
MOL’s target for average operational stoppage time (24 hours or less)
MOL’s target for operational stoppage accident rate (1.00 or below)
In December 2018, the NIPPON MARU, which is operated by Group company Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line, Ltd., allied into a pier in the Port of Guam. Following the occurrence, Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line received an order from Japan’s Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism to ensure the safety of its transport services. The company has submitted the reoccurrence prevention measures, which are listed on the right, and its presi- dent and responsible officers have all taken pay cuts. The Master and Chief Engineer who were onboard the vessel at the time of the incident have been severely reprimanded in accordance with in- house disciplinary regulations. MOL solemnly recognizes the inadequacies of Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line that have been brought to light as a result of this incident, and has reduced the pay of its president and responsible officers. We offer our sincerest apologies for the inconvenience and concern caused to the passengers and all the people affected. We will monitor and
support the measures that Mitsui O.S.K. Passenger Line implements to prevent any such incident from reoccurring. At the same time, we will make concerted efforts for “Development of Groupwide safety and quality management,” which was adopted as a focus area for the current fiscal year under “Rolling Plan 2019.”
Outline of Measures to Prevent Reoccurrence
1 -1. Hold regular trainings to improve operational techniques -2. Strengthen education on internal alcohol management
regulations
2 Conduct inspections to prevent employees from working under the influence of alcohol
3 Establish an effective safety management structure on its own initiative
4 Implement policies to strengthen safety management as a company
    0.8 0.4 0
2014
MOL’s target since fiscal 2015 (0.7 or below)
      2015
2016
2017
2018 (Fiscal year)
2014 2015 2016
Regarding the above KPIs, in fiscal 2018 we were unable to achieve 1 . as an accident regrettably occurred where the cargo space of a MOL-operated vessel caught fire. Also, as on the graph above, we were unable to achieve 3 .
*1
*2 *3
Number of work-related accidents per one million hours worked that resulted in time lost from work of one day or more. In the scope of calculations, we originally included only workplace illnesses and injuries requiring disembarkation from the ship. The LTIF criteria was strengthened from fiscal 2015, and now includes any workplace illness or injury that prevents a worker from resuming even a reduced workload on that day, regardless of whether the illness or injury requires disembarkation. Reference: 2018 average for all industries: 1.83, 2018 average in the marine transport industry: 1.20 (Source: 2018 Survey on Industrial Accidents issued by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
The amount of ship operational stoppage time due to an accident per ship per year The number of accidents that result in operational stoppage per ship per year
LTIF*1: 0.7 or below
Average operational stoppage time:*2 24 hours or less per vessel each year
Average operational stoppage time (left)
Operational stoppage accident rate (right)
Operational stoppage accident rate:*3 1.00 or below per vessel each year
Please visit the following website for more details on measures to prevent reoccurrence in response to the order to ensure
safety (Only available in Japanese).
https://www.nipponmaru.jp/news/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/19f37d3ff3180b1ead02a9b720f49d70.pdf
Operational Chairman: President
Safety Committee Vice Chairman: Director General of Safety Operations Headquarters
 Safety Operations Headquarters
Marine Safety Division
Smart Shipping Division
Marine Technical Management Division
LNG Marine Technical & Ship Management Strategy Division
Ship management companies*
   30 31