MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Marine and Global Environmental Conservation
MOL has identified five important themes for the Sustainability Issue of “Marine and global environmental conservation,” which are “Prevention of marine pollution,” “Promotion of measures to mitigate climate change,” “Reduction of air pollution,” “Response to environmental regulations,” and “Realization of transport means with low environmental burden.” We are taking specific measures to address these important themes, such as reducing CO2, SOx, and NOx emissions, thorough ballast water management in order to preserve biodiversity, and selecting vessel demolition yards from a stand- point of the impact to the environment. At the same time, we are examining new initiatives for reducing marine plastics.
To Curtail Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
Response to Other Environmental Regulations
SOx Regulations
The SOx regulations limit the percentage of sulfur content in fuel in order to curtail the amount of sulfur in gas emissions. Starting in January 2020, the IMO will lower the current limit of 3.5% or less to 0.5% or less.
There are primarily three ways to comply with the tightening regulations: Use compliant oil, install SOx scrubbers, and use LNG or other alternative fuels. While our approach for the time being focuses mainly on the use of compliant oil, we are exam- ining the best choice for each of our vessels.
SOx Regulations
 Compliant oil• In anticipation of tighter SOx regulations, we are implementing combustion tests using sample fuels at the MOL Group’s technological research centers to confirm performance and stability during use. We also implement trials with actual vessels, such as car carriers and tankers.
• We are engaging in procurement negotiations with leading suppliers around the world, including major oil companies. In Singapore, which is a major port for bunkering (oil replenishment), we have secured a large part of the necessary amount of compliant oil for all MOL vessels for use during fiscal 2019.
• Compliant oil costs more than heavy oil, which has been used conventionally. As such, the cost of bunker fuel is expected to rise. We believe that the costs related to environmental initiatives implemented on a global scale is something that should be shared among the whole society. We are working to gain the understanding of our customers for reflecting the additional fuel costs in freights and other fees.SOx scrubbers• We are installing SOx scrubbers primarily for larger vessels such as Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs) and Capesize bulkers, because such larger vessels can recover the cost of such installation more quickly. It is scheduled that we install SOx scrubbers on approximately 60 vessels across the Group by 2022, including cases where it is at the request of our customers.LNG and other alternative fuels Please see page 36 for our efforts toward LNG-fueled vessels (Innovation for Development in Marine Technology).Compared with other transportation methods, the amount of CO2 emissions and air pollutants from marine transport per transport unit is remarkably small because a large volume of cargo can be moved all at once. However, we cannot ignore the fact that marine transport contributes to the overall amount of emissions being
CO2 Emitted When Transporting One Ton of Cargo One Kilometer
released into the atmosphere, having a negative impact on the environment. Accordingly, we have adopted GHG emissions targets under MOL Group Environmental Vision 2030, which was formulated in April 2017, in order to make active efforts to reduce GHG emissions as an eco-minded company.
Ballast Water Management
Ballast Water Management Convention
The Ballast Water Management Convention highlights the negative impact of the cross-border transfer of foreign marine organisms, which occurs when vessels release ballast water, on marine ecosystems. Under the convention, all vessels are mandated to install ballast water treatment systems by 2024.
In anticipation of the enactment of the Ballast Water Management Convention, adopted by the IMO, we decided to make the installation of ballast water management systems a Companywide policy in fiscal 2014. As of April 2019, we have
Ship Recycling
Ship Recycling Convention
The Hong Kong International Convention for the Safe and Environmentally Sound Recycling of Ships (Ship Recycling Convention) was adopted by the IMO in May 2009. The convention is not yet in effect as it is still in the ratification process in each country. However, after its implementation the Ship Recycling Convection will require inventory lists showing the quantity and location of hazardous materials on ships.
completed installation of these management systems on 142 vessels, which is roughly 54% of owned vessels.
  Large containerships
Crude oil tankers
Dry bulkers Trucks*3 Cargo planes*4
0
3.0 2.9 2.5
18,000 TEU*1 type 200,000 DWT*2 or more 200,000 DWT or more
100 80 60 40 20 0
(Thousands of tons)
Loading port
Impact on marine ecosystem
On the other hand, ballast water is discharged when loading cargo as the weight it provides is no longer needed.
CO2 Emissions of MOL Vessels
Ballast Water Mechanism
Discharging port
Marine organisms
Ballast water is taken in to provide weight as the draft rises due to the unloading of cargo.
               *1 Twenty feet E0quivalent Un1i0t0
*2 Deadweight Tonnage
Source: Challenges in the Marine Transport Industry,
The Japanese Shipowners’ Association
80
100
435
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
2018 (Fiscal year)
200
300 400
300 400
500 (g) 500
 *3 Over20400 tons *4 Boeing 747
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
  GHG Emissions Targets under MOL Group Environmental Vision 2030 (Compared with fiscal 2014 / Per transport unit)
In April 2018, the IMO*5 determined GHG emissions targets*6 in accordance with the Paris Agreement.*7 Based on the IMO targets, we are currently considering revisions to our targets as well as concrete measures for achieving these targets.
Per transport unit assuming fiscal 2009 as 100 (left) Total amount (right)
Road Map to Reduce GHG Emissions
(%)
50
25
When we demolish a ship, we select yards that are verified by ClassNK* for compliance with the Ship Recycling Convention. In addition, we are working on making inventory lists in accordance with the Ship Recycling Convention.
* Nippon Kaiji Kyokai, or ClassNK, is an international ship classification society. ClassNK carries out vessel surveys and also examines and monitors vessels in operation and issues certificates of vessel classification.
 Fiscal 2030Fiscal 205025% reduction50% reductionInnovation such as application of alternative fuels, etc. Offset environmental impact through emission tradingPlease refer to the Environmental Data section on our corporate website for more details.
https://www.mol.co.jp/en/csr/environment/data/index.html
*5 The International Maritime Organization (IMO) is a specialized agency of the United Nations established in 1958 to promote collaboration among government agencies on a variety of issues in the maritime field, including marine safety and the preven- tion of marine pollution by vessels.
*6 At the 72nd meeting of its Marine Environment Protection Committee, held in April 2018, the IMO determined targets for reducing the GHG emissions of international shipping sector. These targets aim to improve fuel efficiency of the sector compared with 2008 levels by 40% or more by 2030, and by 70% or more by 2050. In addition, these targets strive for a 50% reduction in total GHG emissions by 2050, while
encouraging efforts toward eventually eliminating GHG emissions as quickly as
possible within the 21st century.
*7 In the Paris Agreement, a long-term target was set for keeping a global temperature
rise this century well below 2°C compared with pre-industrial levels. The agreement
also aims to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase even further, to 1.5°C. *8 The Energy Efficiency Design Index (EEDI) is an index used during the design of a new ship to calculate the ship’s theoretical CO2 emissions on a g/ton-mile basis.
The required EEDI reduction rate in each phase is as follows: Phase 1= 10%, Phase 2= 20%, and Phase 3= 30%–50% (depending on type of vessel)
Introduce LNG-fueled vessels, Wind Challenger Project, etc.
0
2050 (Fiscal year)
Achieve EEDI*8 reduction target / Enhance vessel operational efficiency, including slow steaming / Vessel upsizing, etc.
Environmental Management Structure
2014 2030
Environment-related policies were previously discussed at meet- ings of the Technology, Innovation and Environment Committee, the CSR Committee, or others. In April 2019, we established
the Environmental Management Committee, which serves under the Executive Committee and is chaired by the vice president, to confirm important management issues to address and strengthen necessary efforts. In addition to formulating environmental targets and monitoring progress made toward reaching these targets, the Environmental Management Committee will be in charge of
promoting environmental and emission-free businesses, which we aim to establish as core businesses in the future.
Structure for Promoting the Environmental Initiatives
 Environmental Management Committee
  Executive Committee
  Corporate Planning Division
 New & Clean Energy Business Division
SOx 2020 Regulation Response Committee
  Technology Innovation Unit
 32 33
                                                                             MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019In the management plan announced in fiscal 2017, we set our goal to develop environmental and emission-free businesses into core businesses in the future. Since then, we have proceeded with various efforts to achieve this goal. Over the past three years, a total of ¥18.4 billion has been invested in environment- related areas.
Environmental Investments
Environment-related R&D activities
Utilization and expansion of existing environmental technologies
Responses to environmental regulations
Initiatives to save bunker fuel
Initiatives of Group companies
Total
0.4 0.5
0.5 0.8
3.1 3.1
1.1 0.8
0.3 0.5
5.4 5.7
(Billions of yen) 0.9
1.8
3.6
0.6
0.4
7.3
Scenario Analysis
In 2018, with the support of the Ministry of Environment and under TCFD recommendations, we conducted scenario analysis on a trial basis where we incorporated climate-related risks and opportunities into our management strategies. In this trial, we made an estimation of transport volumes, fleet demand, and other factors under the 2°C and 4°C scenarios.*1 In doing so, we examined the impact of higher temperatures on our businesses and measures we can implement going forward. More details of our analysis are available in the Practical Guide
for Scenario Analysis in Line with TCFD Recommendations, which was published by the Ministry of the Environment.
Based on the insight we have gained through this trial,
we will further deepen our scenario analysis, impact evaluation, and examination of future measures, and work to reflect the results in our management strategies.
*1 Climate scenarios announced by such organizations as the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). The 2°C Scenario is a scenario in which the necessary measures are implemented to control temperature increases to 2°C or less. The 4°C Scenario is a scenario in which economic initiatives and additional measures to address climate change are not implemented.
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Marine and Global Environmental Conservation
Our Efforts to Address Environmental Issues
Participation in Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
We endorse the recommendations of the TCFD.Fiscal 2016Fiscal 2017Fiscal 2018   For more details, please see pages 39–49 of the Practical Guide for Scenario Analysis in Line with TCFD Recommendations
  (Only available in Japanese ).
http://www.env.go.jp/policy/Practical_guide_for_Scenario_Analysis_in_line_with_TCFD_recommendations.pdf
   Progress in Environmental and Emission-Free Businesses
We have adopted “Promotion of environmental strategies and development of the emission-free business into a core business” as one of the three core strategies under “Rolling Plan 2019.”
We are taking an approach toward establishment of environmental and emission-free businesses as the pillar for the next generation from four different perspectives: Renewable energy business, Alternative fuel business, CO2 emissions reduction business, and Environmental value creation business.
CO2 Emissions Reduction Business
Support emissions reductions
  Fields where MOL is already involved in
Renewable Energy Business
Potential fields for MOL’s involvement
PBCF / Utilization of wind power as energy (for vessel propulsion) / Northern Sea Route / LNG to Powership /
CO2 capture and storage (CCS) / Sale of highly energy- efficient equipment (storage batteries, LED lighting, etc.) Propeller Boss Cap Fins
(PBCF) is a kind of propeller
attachment jointly developed
by MOL, Akishima
Laboratories (Mitsui Zosen)
Inc., and MOL Techno-Trade,
Ltd. that helps reduce the
resistance to ship propulsion.
In 2017, MOL Techno-Trade commenced sales of an upgraded version of PBCF, which has been confirmed to reduce a vessel’s fuel consumption by 5% compared to a ship without a PBCF.
Navigation of Northern Sea Route
 Please see page 20 (Special Feature) for details.
Environmental Value Creation Business
Create value from environmental activities themselves and conduct related trading activities
Green finance / Investment in energy-saving and renew- able energy venture companies / Emission rights businesses (Sale of carbon offsets)
In fiscal 2018, we issued a total of ¥10.0 billion in Green Bonds for the purpose of raising funds for our green projects, ¥5.0 billion of which sold to individual investors for the first time as a Japanese company.
In addition, in July 2019 we plan on issuing a total of ¥20.0 billion in Sustainability Bonds, which extends the usage of the funds to projects that address issues related to the SDGs.
 Generate and deliver eco-friendly electricity
Offshore wind power generation /
Biomass power generation / Solar power generation
In March 2017, we invested in Seajacks International Limited, which owns and operates Self-Elevating Platform (SEP) vessels used for installation of offshore
wind power generation systems,
thereby entering the renewable energy business. Going forward, we will continue to contribute to the progression of the renewable energy field.
Alternative Fuel Business
Utilize and transport using innovative fuels
LNG fuel supply / LNG-fueled vessels / Methanol- fueled vessels / Biomass fuel / Hydrogen transport Progress in LNG-fueled vessels
 Please see page 36 for details (Innovation for Development in Marine Technology).
*2 Electric Vehicles
*3 Fuel Cell Vehicles
   Future Measures to Mitigate Climate Change
 Soft measures• Impose output limits on ship’s main engine to curtail CO2 emissions / Conduct further slow steaming
• Enhance operational efficiency by keeping the fastest route and optimal trim using the Internet of Things (IoT)Hard measures
• Install energy-saving equipment in new and existing vessels
• Construct LNG-fueled vessels
• Promote the Wind Challenger Project
• Expand joint industry–academia research and R&D investment aimed at next-generation fuels, such as biofuel, as
well as technological innovation of shipsBusiness portfolio change• Expand renewable energy businesses such as offshore wind power generation and related businesses
• Further develop offshore businesses such as FSRUs, which promote the use of eco-friendly LNG fuel, and the LNG-to-
Powership businessResponse to climate- related regulations and conditions• Collaborate with related organizations to get involved in the formulation of rules at IMO
• Collect information on carbon pricing and take action accordingly
• Strive to deepen society’s understanding regarding the higher costs that come with efforts to reduce CO2 emissions   MOL’s Vision of the World under the 2°C Scenario
Cleaner society, shift toward renewable energy, and decrease in fossil fuel demand
Increased use of EVs*2 and FCVs*3
    Shift toward local production &
Government
Carbon tax hike
CO2
Iron and steel
FCV
EV
Clean energy
SOx NOx
   consumption which is low-carbon
Expansion of carbon tax / Decrease in fossil fuel demand
Further utilization of Northern Sea Route using ice-breaking vessels
MOL
H2
Fossil fuel
Decline in demand due to the transition toward lighter automobiles
Development of next-generation fuels
CO2
Hydrogen
H2
H2
Biofuel
        MOL
Acceleration of EEDI / Initiatives on GHG emission reduction / Tightening of SOx and NOx regulations
IMO
Aim for zero GHG emissions by
the end of the century
    Increase in demand for offshore wind power generation
34 35