 MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Human Resource Cultivation and Community Development
Human resources are the driving force for the Group’s growth and what underpin our brand and reliability. We aim to achieve sustainable growth based on MOL CHART, the values shared by all Group members worldwide, and by creating an organizational culture that allows a diverse group of human resources from different backgrounds, including nationality and gender, and with varying attributes to work positively and lively. Furthermore, by offering opportunities for professional education by in-house educational institutes located in countries such as the Philippines and providing stable employment, not only will we secure top-quality seafarers that are indispensable to the Group’s operations, we will also contribute to the economic and industrial development of emerging countries.
Basic Policy on Human Resource Development
Efforts toward Human Resource Development
With a goal to cultivating human resources with personal initiative and a sense of responsibility who can create new value and play an active role in the global market, we promote the growth of each employee by offering a wide variety of training programs based on position and category of skills. These programs include onboard training for young employees, which aims to deepen
their knowledge of vessels and operations, in addition to enhancing their awareness of safety through firsthand experi- ences on the frontlines. They also include the One MOL Global Management College, which is designed to develop management executives for the next generation.
 Staff
Coordinators
Team Leaders
General Managers      MOL BEST (English training) Required
Global business skills Training programs before overseas transfer
Chinese-language courses
Long-term overseas training
Short-term overseas training
    One MOL Global Management College Selection-based    Practical training at in-port agency
Onboard training Accounting, presentations, logical writing, and facilitation
Reading contracts in English
Fostering of safety awareness    Coaching skills Employee evaluationsBusiness strategies Optional
 ISL leadership training (fostering innovative leaders) Selection-based
One MOL Global Management College Selection-based
 Management
 School Selection-basedExcelskills
ICT literacyPromoting diversity
Mitsui Jyuku (an exclusive training program for senior employees in Mitsui Group companies) Public programs, correspondence courses, and extension lectures, etc.   Developing human resources, which act as the source of our added value, and ensuring diversity are two important issues to address in order to realize our 10-year vision to “Become a Group of Business Units with No. 1 Competitiveness in Respective Areas.” In the development of Group human resources, our goal is to cultivate human resources with
personal initiative and a sense of responsibility who can create new value and play an active role in the global market. To realize this goal, we provide training programs that support the growth of each employee while at the same time create an environment that brings out the full potential of our diverse human resources and allows them to work energetically.
Development of human resources who are globally active Optional
Strengthening of fundamental skills Business skills, accounting, legal affairs, and training programs in agencies Optional
Enhancing the ability to train team members Required
Development of management executives and leaders Optional   Selection-based
ICT literacy
Optional
Extension lectures, etc.
   Fostering an Organizational Culture Based on MOL CHART  To operate the wide range of MOL Group businesses on a global scale, we have been proactively employing people of different nationalities and backgrounds. Nowadays, in a time of significant changes in the external environment, it is becoming increasingly important that we have a group of people that are diverse not only in terms of nationality and gender but also in how they view and approach different situations. We can keep creating value only when such diverse people collaborate in a way each member extends his or her unique capabilities to the fullest. With that said, in order to continuously enhance our corporate
value on a Groupwide level, it is imperative to establish shared values that we cherish as a group to overcome the regional, linguistic, and cultural boundaries. Therefore, we formulated MOL CHART in April 2015 as a set of values that are to be embraced by all Group members. By instilling MOL CHART in all domestic and overseas Group employees, as well as in all crew members on our vessels and making it the foundation on which each employee makes decisions, we are fostering a corporate culture that further ensures compliance, enhances safety awareness, and promotes the creation of new value.
Optional
   Challenge Honesty Accountability Reliability Teamwork
Innovate through insight Do the right thing
Commit to acting
with a sense of ownership
Gain the trust of customers Build a strong team
In August 2018, we opened one of the largest maritime academies in the Asia–Pacific region, MOL Magsaysay Maritime Academy Inc. (MMMA), in the Philippines.
Filipino seafarers, comprising approximately 70% of all Group crew members, serve as the core workforce on our operating vessels. To date, we have co-managed the Magsaysay Institute of Shipping (MIS), which aims to develop Filipino crewmembers that can support our high safety standards. At MIS, we conduct onboard training using a training vessel dedicated to the institute. In addition, based on the Academia-Industry Linked Program (AILP) promoted by the Philippine government, we implement a cadet training curriculum at MIS named “Third-Year Program,” which involves education and training at Company facilities for students selected from partner maritime schools. At the recently opened MMMA, we accept a maximum of 300 students per year and endeavor to turn out high-quality seafarers stably and continuously based on the track record and insight we have gained from managing the MIS. We expect the graduates of MMMA to not only succeed onboard but also become personnel that can lead our organization in various fields, including safety management, voyage management, and technical support for sales divisions.
We have thus far worked on employee training through the establishment and operation of training centers that allow our crew members to acquire technical operation skills and receive pre- boarding training. One important characteristic of the MMMA is that,
as an academy, it allows us to provide education to students before they become seafarers. In addition to ship operating techniques, the MMMA emphasizes fundamental education, the ability to think logically, and a strong sense of discipline. Based on such policy, the MMMA aims to develop human resources that can someday lead the future of the Philippines itself. At the inauguration ceremony for the MMMA held in September 2018, we welcomed around 700 guests, including Secretary of the Department of Transportation Arthur Tugade, Senator Grace Poe, and H.E. Koji Haneda, the Japanese Ambassador-designate to the Republic of the Philippines. Through the MMMA, we will aspire to develop outstanding human resources who can handle safe operation at a world-class level while at the same time offering high-quality education and creating stable employment. In these ways, we will contribute to the development of local communities.
Founding One of the Largest Maritime Academies in the Asia–Pacific Region
    38
39
  MITSUI O.S.K. LINES MOL REPORT 2019
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2019
For Our Sustainable Growth
Addressing Sustainability Issues
Human Resource Cultivation and Community Development
Creation of an Environment That Draws Out Employees’ Capabilities to Their Full Extent
Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
The MOL Group positions the promotion of diversity as an important management strategy in order to continue to be a dynamic and innovative organization that can flexibly respond to changes in the external environment and realize sustainable growth.
We provide various forms of support and are working to establish an environment that allows each of the approximately 15,000 multinational employees and seafarers working in the Group to maximize their abilities and play an even more active role, regardless of differences in experience, values, life stages,
and attributes. We established the Diversity and Healthcare Management Office in the Human Resources Division in 2017 (currently the Diversity and Healthcare Management Team), thereby creating a system to more intensively carry out these efforts. Moving forward, we will improve our working environments so that employees of various nationalities and from different back- grounds can contribute to the greatest extent possible. By doing so, we will enhance the comprehensive strengths of the Group.
Promoting “Workstyle Reforms”
We have established “Workstyle reforms” as a priority area for development under our management plan. The aim of these reforms is to enhance competitiveness of our human resources and accelerate innovation through a corporate culture that supports employees to work in a lively manner. To achieve our 10-year vision, we must execute our work procedures with a high level of efficiency, encourage creative thoughts that are not constrained by conventional ideas, and promote a culture and organization that can spur such creativity. In September 2016, we established the Improvement of Work Efficiency Committee, which is chaired by the president. Centered on this committee, we have been making various efforts in four focus areas―personnel system reforms, corporate culture reforms, workplace / workstyle reforms, and operational reforms―in order to enhance productivity and create time to pursue innovation that transcends conventional frameworks. At the same time, we endeavor to achieve a corporate culture where each employee can work with satisfaction and motivation.
Brand new open-plan style pilot office on the fifth floor of our Head Office where employees choose desk by drop-in basis
Four Areas of Focus for Reforming Workstyles 1 Personnelsystemreforms
Introduced a new structure for the personnel system in fiscal 2018 based on the following principles
• Establish a system that supports earlier identification and
cultivation of managers who will lead the organization with
accountability and initiative
• Diversify the range of career paths to develop or secure specialists
and give employees with various backgrounds more opportunity for accomplishment
2 Corporateculturereforms
• Conduct round-table conferences named “HOT Dialogue” to
enhance communication between the president and each division
and between the general managers, etc.
• Provide company support for employees gatherings across divisions • Prepare discussion board for all employees on in-house social
network application
• Implement No Overtime Days
• Introduce Casual Every Day
• Encourage male employees to take childcare leave
3 Workplacereforms
• Introduce a remote work program
• Create space by reducing the amount of paper documents and
establish employee lounge area for more communication • Introduce a pilot office where employees are free to choose desk by
drop-in basis and start to measure effects of such office
4 Operationalreforms
• Promote the use of robotic process automation (RPA)
• Provide facilitator training to teach employees the skills needed to
manage meetings better
• Introduce large touchscreen displays (Surface Hub) to improve
meeting productivity
• Start the Paper OFF! Project, which aims to significantly reduce the
amount of paper documents
Sustainable corporate growth
“Creating innovation”
“Differentiation from competitors”
“Leading the industry in individual competitiveness”
(People)
1,500
1,000
500
Number of Employees / Ratio of Female Employees / Ratio of Women in Managerial Positions*
(%)
20 15 10
5
 Ratio of Employees by Region (Consolidated)
      Japan Europe
East Asia
4%
64%
Southeast Asia North America
16% 9%7%
Ratio of Seafarers on Company-Operated Vessels by Region (Consolidated) Philippines Russia Other
68%
India Japan
Europe Indonesia
15%
5% 5%
3% 3%
1%
00 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (Fiscal year)
Number of employees (left) Ratio of female employees (right) Ratio of women in managerial positions (right)
* Unconsolidated basis excluding loaned employees, contract employees, part-timers, etc., but including expatriate employees
 Recruitment of an Athlete
 MOL recruited its first athlete in 2016, hiring wheelchair rugby player Kae Kurahashi. She balances both office work and athletic activities, working for the Human Resources Division two days a week (including one day of remote work) and practicing three days a week.
MOL Group executives and employees eagerly support Ms. Kurahashi who participates in both domestic and international competitions and always delivers an outstanding performance including a victory in the World Championships in August 2018 as a member of the national team.
In 2017, MOL signed an official sponsorship agreement with BLITZ, Ms. Kurahashi’s wheelchair rugby team. In 2018, we became an official partner of the Japan Wheelchair Rugby Federation.
In addition to helping to promote the expansion of wheelchair rugby, we will work to foster an environment that encourages our diverse employees to play active roles inside as well as outside the Company.
Photo: Kinzo Takaba
Kae Kurahashi
Human Resources Division Diversity and Healthcare Management Team
    MOL’s Workstyle Reforms
Creating a vibrant work environment that facilitates communication both horizontally and vertically throughout the organization
New ideas and constructive discussions
Promoting Health and Productivity Management
We believe that ensuring the safety and health of our employees and creating a work environment, including on vessels, where they can work with peace of mind provides the foundation for our corporate activities.
Based on this belief, centering on the Diversity and Healthcare Management Team, the Company spearheads efforts to provide a wide range of support and establishes an environment that enables each and every employee to maintain and improve their mental and physical health and work with energy and motivation. These efforts were evaluated highly, with MOL being selected as a “White 500 Company” in the large enterprise category of the 2019 Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program, a cooperative initiative by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and
Industry (METI) and Nippon
Kenko Kaigi.
Key Initiatives in Health and Productivity Management
• In collaboration with workstyle reforms, formulate “Smart Work Plans” for each division to reform workstyles, correct the issue of long working hours, and achieve a work–life balance with the goal of creating time for generating new value
• Provide the mental and physical support of all employees—including onboard and overseas employees—through collaboration between the Human Resources Division and occupational health physicians, in-house doctors, clinical psychologists, and public healthcare nurses • Conduct mental health consultations at major locations in Japan and introduce a web-based mental health self-check tool
• Organize health courses and campaigns on themes such as quitting smoking, stretching, walking, and sleep and eating habits, thereby promoting employee health awareness
• Implement the “Breakfast Campaign” that provides breakfast at the employee cafeteria during summer to help improve work efficiency and health
• Adopt “MOL Body Fit Exercise,” a unique calisthenic exercise routine that supports the health of ocean-going employees, as well as nutrition improvement projects on MOL's fleet
     Enhancing productivity
Creating a corporate culture and working style that enhance productivity and lead to new ideas in order to encourage innovative thinking
Enhancing employee satisfaction
• Clear separation of work and private life
• Working “smartly”
• Creating momentum for the future
The President Serves as Chairman of the Improvement of Work Efficiency Committee
  • Reform corporate culture • Improve efficiency of working
Proceeding with workstyle reforms from the perspectives of both the organization and employee
 processes
• Reduce time spent on low-
Organization
Employee
priority activities
 40
41
For more information regarding our health and productivity management initiatives, please visit the website below.
https://www.mol.co.jp/csr/hr/health/index.html