S Creating Diverse Value
Initiatives to Support Creating Diverse Value
We seek to create new value as needed in life and society while addressing customer needs and improving access to energy so that all people can enjoy its benefits. To achieve this, we must energize our human resource strategy and strengthen our organizational base, both of which are essential parts of our management strategy.
Enhancing Rank-Based Training
We conduct rank-based training, from new hires to management personnel, with the goal of nurturing human resources capable of executing the responsibilities required in their respective roles. In 2019, we added diversity-related subject matter to our programs, targeting greater understanding of diverse employees and diverse values, which will help realize growth of both individuals and the organization.
This diversity training has a number of objectives. The first is to promote acceptance of differences across ages and genders, as well differences in values relating to both work and peoples’ own lives. The second is to encourage respect for others’ opinions, motivations and ideas while maintaining fairness. The third is to increase productivity and heighten employee engagement through team building that makes the best use of members’ diverse attributes. As we look toward the future, we are aiming to create an organization that continues to respect individuality and where individuals complement each other’s abilities to achieve results.
Overseas Training Program
In FY2018, we launched an overseas training program with the aim of improving language skills and cross-cultural competency, as well as developing human resources capable of handling the general development, management and operation of overseas businesses. (Participants in FY2020: 6)
(United States (Guam), Thailand, United Arab Emirates (Dubai) and Singapore)
    Action Plan for Creating Diverse Value
       Providing a stable supply of energy
Advancing value-added services
Human Resource Strategy
Social Contribution Activities
Contributing to communities and other activities
Cultivating multi-talented human resources who will actively work in Japan and overseas, crossing boundaries between business divisions and product categories
”Cultivating Next-Generation Human Resources” Growth investment (related to human resources training)
Improving and expanding internal training systems
    Lifestyle sustainability in local communities
Access to Energy
Further promoting diversity and fostering diverse values
      Environmental preservation
Response to COVID-19
▶
Innovation through Cross-Functionalism
   Nurturing the next generation
Cultivating multi-talented human resources who will actively work in Japan and overseas, crossing boundaries between business divisions and product categories,” is one of the basic policies of the new medium-term business plan. To this end, we have introduced inter-divisional, cross-functional teams. These teams share information and expertise across divisions, promote interaction between members, and encourage the development of new businesses. By getting to know other businesses and people, team members develop the foundation for the discovery of not only new information and ways of thinking, but also new products, businesses and models, and bring about transformation through innovative ideas.
▶ Raising Awareness and Fostering a Positive Workplace Culture
Employee Engagement Survey
With the objective of implementing improvements and reforms by ascertaining issues at the organizational level, the Company conducts an employee engagement survey once every two to three years to gauge attitudes and satisfaction and collect feedback on Company measures and programs. We use multi-faceted analysis of changes over time in employee motivation, as well as the primary factors that contribute to motivation, as a base for personnel system improvements and employee training. This enables us to make the most of each employee’s abilities, which will ultimately lead to increased productivity.
▶Measures to Improve Employees’ Health
In promoting the Enex Early Bird working style reforms, the Itochu Enex
Group is promoting health management to maintain and improve the health of employees, creating an environment in which they can work with peace of mind, and enabling each employee to work with vitality, feeling both motivated and fulfilled. We aim to improve the employee motivation and productivity that underpin the growth of the Group, while maximizing performance by revitalizing the organization.
For further details on health management, please visit: https://www.itcenex.com/en/csr/social/health-management/
Enex Early Bird Working Style Reforms (Eliminating Excessive Working Hours; Promoting Employee Health; Improving Productivity)
  Human Resource Strategy
   Basic
Since its founding in 1961, the Itochu Enex Group has always considered its people to be its greatest asset. Human resources are at the center of the Group’s value creation, and are the driving force of sustainable growth and medium- to long-term enhancement of corporate value. Therefore, the Group believes it is essential to provide a fair, inclusive and rewarding place to work, where every employee can feel strong and close ties.
In our new medium-term business plan, “SHIFT! 2022,” we are aiming to achieve sustainable growth and further enhance our corporate value by cultivating multi-talented human resources who will actively work in Japan and overseas, further promoting diversity and fostering diverse values, and developing and enhancing our internal training systems.
 Policy
▶Human Resource Development
We are implementing a systematic skill development
program to cultivate multi-talented human resources who will actively work in Japan and overseas. Rather than all employees simply following the same path, this career development, education, and training system gives employees the opportunity to learn while plotting their own career path.
Qualities we seek in our employees
Individuals who think independently and creatively, act boldly, and achieve as partners to society.
Selective training system
General training system
Education system by division
            56 ENEX REPORT 2021
ENEX REPORT 2021 57