               Integrated Report 2020
                
     The MS&AD Insurance Group’s Mission, Vision & Values
Our Mission
The Group’s Raison d’être
To contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet, by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business.
Our Vision
The Group’s aspirations for the medium term
To create a world-leading insurance and financial services group that consistently pursues sustainable growth and enhances corporate value.
Our Values
The credo for all employees aimed at realizing the Group’s mission
           CUSTOMER FOCUS
Striving to provide security and satisfaction to our customers
TEAMWORK
Growing together as a team by respecting one another’s individuality and opinions and sharing knowledge
and ideas
PROFESSIONALISM
Providing high-quality services by constantly enhancing our skills
and proficiency
INTEGRITY
Being sincere, kind and fair in our dealings with people
 INNOVATION
Always improving the way we work while responding to stakeholders’ interests
        
  Three Key Concepts
of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2020
Creating shared value with society through our corporate activities
The threat of the COVID-19 pandemic has shaken the global economy and financial markets and has had a huge impact on people’s lives as well as business activities.
Our mission as an insurance company that supports the sustainability of society is to confront the various risks associated with social change and to help resolve wide-ranging issues.
As lifestyles and values evolve into some sense of a“New Normal,”we will strive to realize a resilient and sustainable society through the creation of shared value (CSV) by remaining finely attuned to the voices of customers.
Corporate change that makes the most of diversity
The MS&AD Insurance Group comprises unique and diverse insurance and financial services companies.
The Group has worked diligently to create synergies while paying the utmost respect to the values that each company has cultivated and utilizing individual strengths and features.
Even in a rapidly changing environment, we are able to visualize new growth strategies by combining the strengths of each company and applying a process of self-transformation.
Through strong solidarity, we will link innovation born of diversity to sustainable growth and increased enterprise value.
Making the most of partnerships with stakeholders
We are entering an era of uncertainty filled with a wide range of hidden risks. Through dialogue and collaboration with various stakeholders, we can bring to fruition our ideal view of the future by addressing social issues that cannot be resolved by conventional thinking alone.
To contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet, we will support social change through the power of insurance and grow with society through partnerships with a diverse range of stakeholders.

  Contents
CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
CEO Message ・P.004
The MS&AD Insurance Group’s Mission,
Vision & Values ・P.000
MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation ・P.012 Five Business Domains・P.016 MS&AD’s Three Strengths:・P.018  Scale
 History
 Innovation
Stakeholder Engagement・・・P.024
MS&AD’s Path to Realizing
Our Image of Society・・P.034
Toward Medium-Term Growth・P.036
Progress of the Medium-Term
Management Plan “Vision 2021”・P.040
Financial and Capital Strategies・P.044
Toward Sustainable Growth and
Achieving Targets for Group Adjusted
ROE and Group Adjusted Profit ・P.048
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights・P.050
Group Management Based on ERM ・P.076 ERM and Risk Management・P.077 Empowerment of Diverse Human Assets・P.079
Basic Knowledge about the
Insurance Industry・P.094
Glossary of Insurance Terminology・P.098
Corporate Profile・P.104 Stock and Shareholders ・・P.105 Group Business Schematic・P.107 History of the MS&AD Insurance
Group in Japan・P.110
Group Network and History of
International Business・・P.112
Credit Ratings ・P.118
10-Year Performance ・P.052 Growth Strategies by Business Segment・P.054  Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business  Domestic Life Insurance Business  International Business
 Financial Services Business
 Risk-Related Services Business
Asset Management Strategy・・P.064
Corporate Governance・P.083  Chairman's Message
 Corporate Governance Stance
 Our Management Team
 Message from an Outside Director
Group Companies Data Sheets ・P.119
Short Commentary:
Group Financial Statements ・P.126
Performance Record・P.127 ESG Evaluation・P.195 Third-Party Assurance・P.196
    Special Report
Climate-Related Disclosure・P.028 World Map of Natural Catastrophes in 2019・P.033
     Special Feature
Creating Shared Value・P.066  CSV Initiatives
 The Sustainability Contest 2019
      Explanation of Front Cover
Expressing universality and sustainability as well as high quality and a sense of trust, the stone structures symbolize the corporate image to which the MS&AD Group aspires, while the harmonious appearance of the golden ratio is combined with the Group’s strength, and diversity.
Editorial Policy
  The MS&AD Group publishes the Integrated Report to provide customers, shareholders, investors and all other stakeholders with a deeper understanding of our initiatives aimed at solving the challenges faced by society and at increasing corporate value throughout the business. This Report was edited based on the International Integrated Reporting Framework provided by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation provided by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in order to explain our business model- based story of value creation and the creation of shared value with society (CSV initiatives) in an easy-to-understand manner.
Featuring a message from the new CEO, the MS&AD Integrated Report 2020 explains the key strategies for advancing to the next growth stage and the management foundation that underpins them. The report also showcases the initiatives that are being undertaken in collaboration with various stakeholders toward the achievement of our image of society.
For further detailed information, please visit the MS&AD official website.
  002 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Overview of MS&AD
MS&AD’s Strategy
Management Foundation

  MS&AD Disclosure Framework
For further detailed information on the MS&AD Insurance Group, please refer to the information on the Company’s official website.
   MS&AD Integrated Report
MS&AD Official Website
About MS&AD Group
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group.html
Who We Are
▶ CEO Message
▶ Our Strengths
▶ Company Information
What We Do
▶ Management Plans and Policies ▶ MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation
Our Platform
▶ Risk Management ○ Risk Management
     Message from the CEO Management platforms
 Who We Are
      Special Report
    Special Feature
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/erm/risk.html
○ Compliance
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/compliance.html
○ Information Management
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/information.html
▶ Corporate Governance ○ Corporate Governance
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/corporate.html
▶ Internal Control
▶ Disclosure and Information
▶ Diversity & Inclusion https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/diversity_inclusion.html
 Our Way
  Our Platform
Sustainability
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr.html
○ Sustainability Report
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr/report.html
Investors
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ir.html
Corporate Video
  Data Section
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 003
CEO Message
Overview of MS&AD
Climate-Related Disclosure
Creating Shared Value
MS&AD’s Strategy
Management Foundation

         CEO MESSAGE
President & CEO Noriyuki Hara
Introduction - The role of insurance in post-COVID society -
The novel coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), which in effect has become a battle between humanity and the virus, has claimed many lives around the world while changing the way people live and their values. The global economy and financial markets have fluctuated greatly, and issues attributable to widening inequalities such as the spread of infections among the impoverished have become increasingly marked with the burden placed on the medical supply system. As the structure of society undergoes considerable change, we recognize the critical need to fulfill our role as an insurance and financial services group that as a key component of social infrastructure supports the lives of our customers while contributing to the stability of society.
With this in mind, and in particular following the Japanese government’s declaration of a state of emergency, we have focused on protecting the health of our customers and employees while continuing to carry out insurance operations, including the payment of claims and insurance policy procedures. In specific terms,
  004 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
MS&ADの全体像 レジリエントでサステナブルな社会へ MS&ADの戦略 社会との共通価値の創造 企業価値創造を支える仕組み
we are utilizing digital technology to simplify insurance procedures and strengthen Web-based support, expanding the scope of work that can be undertaken without face-to-face interaction.
Meanwhile, we have initiated steps to provide products and services that meet those needs that have arisen because of prevailing conditions. We have launched a comprehensive telecommuting compensation plan that covers a wide range of cybersecurity and related risks, and hosted an online seminar on “Key Points for Developing a BCP to Address the Risk of Infectious Disease.” Especially in the case of cybersecurity, the need for risk management is growing rapidly. By providing cyber-related products that cover the full range of risk assessment, defense measures and associated compensation, we are helping customers cope with and reducing the incidence of risks thereby contributing to the Group’s growth.
To prevent the further spread of the virus we have suspended events and business trips while switching to conference calls and online meetings. With employees working remotely from home, we have also uncovered inefficiencies in our traditional operations. Drawing on this experience, we will review our operations from the ground up and transition to a more productive business style. Moreover, we will put in place the systems necessary for employees to engage in high-value-added and creative work.
Looking back on the past 10 years 
- Lessons learned from past experience -
The MS&AD Insurance Group celebrated its 10th anniversary in fiscal 2020. At the time the Group was created, the domestic non-life insurance industry was mired in an extremely challenging environment. Buffeted by a succession of major natural disasters including the Great East Japan Earthquake and the flooding in Thailand following the collapse of Lehman Brothers, our combined ratio exceeded 100%, an indication that profitability was negative.
Against this backdrop, and in the 10 years since our business integration, we have worked diligently to strengthen our financial soundness, improve the profitability of our domestic non-life insurance business and build a foundation for international business expansion. As a result, the domestic non-life insurance business has become a stable revenue base, while profitability in the domestic life insurance business has continued to evolve, surpassing its industry peers. In expanding our overseas business investments, we have also created a balanced portfolio that encompasses Asia, the Americas and Europe, and taken positive steps to form the foundation of a world-leading insurance and financial services group. Meanwhile, the ESR, an index of financial soundness, has risen from 140% to 200% and consolidated net premiums written have increased by around 1.4 times to approximately ¥3.5 trillion. Taking these factors into account, we have grown to the point where we are now able to project the Group’s adjusted profit at ¥300 billion for fiscal 2021, up from around ¥50 billion‒¥60 billion before the Group’s integration.
On the other hand, several large-scale natural disasters have occurred during the period in question. We have also been forced to address a variety of grave and emerging risks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. In every instance, employees have worked in unison to confront each challenge head-on and taken all necessary steps to uncover the right solution drawing on the Group’s collective wisdom and strengths. The MS&AD Insurance Group has overcome each hurdle through a
Appendix Data Section
補足資料 データセクション
Comprehensive Telecommuting Compensation Plan
MSI and ADI began marketing the “Comprehensive Telecommuting Compensation Plan” from May 2020, in response to the growing spread of COVID-19, which triggered the rapid introduction of telecommuting. This plan was designed specifically to comprehensively address the various risks associated with telecommuting. This includes the risk of leaks due to cyberattacks, damage or theft of work-related PCs and labor risks to employees.
“Key Points for Developing a BCP to Address the Risk of Infectious Disease” online seminar
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc., hosts online seminars that explain the key points for formulating a BCP that focuses on infectious diseases, providing case studies of corporate responses to COVID-19.
             ESR
ESR(Economic Solvency Ratio)
A solvency ratio based on economic value, ESR is an indicator of capital adequacy with respect to the risk amount.
⇒See "ESR (credit level 99.5%)” (P. 47) for details
⇒See the Special Feature: “Climate-Related Disclosure” (P. 28) for details
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 005
CEO Message
CEO Message
 
    006
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
⇒See “Progress of the Medium-Term Management Plan ‘Vision 2021’” (PP. 40‒42) for details
process of multifaceted change. Among a wide range of initiatives, we have strengthened our catastrophe-prevention proposals, developed new products and services, improved our risk-management techniques, and used the latest technology to develop fast and efficient claim payment methods. Drawing on our experiences to date, we believe we have grown into an ever more resilient Group.
Medium-term management plan“Vision 2021” - Becoming a world-leading insurance and financial services group -
The MS&AD Insurance Group embarked on Stage 1 of its medium-term management plan “Vision 2021” in fiscal 2018. During the four years of the plan, our vision is to “become a world-leading insurance and financial services group,” a goal that we have continued to advocate since our establishment, and to create “resilient systems that enable us to swiftly respond to changes in the environment” in order to move to the next stage of growth.
In fiscal 2019, we completed Stage 1, the first half of our medium-term management plan Vision 2021, reaching three of the five indices that measure the degree to which we have become a world-leading insurance and financial services group. In specific terms, and from the perspectives of “scale,”“financial soundness” and “ratio of risk assets,” we are well on the way to realizing our vision. As far as the remaining two indices are concerned, our Group adjusted ROE and profit from businesses other than the domestic non-life insurance business currently stand at 8% and 46%, respectively. This falls short of our 10% and 50% targets. Considering these levels, we have yet to achieve our goals for “capital efficiency” and “portfolio diversification.” Moving forward, we will continue to reinforce efforts with an eye toward fiscal 2021, the final year of the plan.
As the MS&AD Insurance Group’s core business, the domestic non-life insurance business continues to maintain one of the highest premium growth rates in the industry, mainly due to the strong performance of its mainstay automobile and fire insurance businesses. Our combined ratio, which is a key indicator of underwriting profitability, also compares favorably with industry peers. As a result, we have successfully achieved bottom-line growth better than initial plans after excluding the impact of natural catastrophes. We recognize, however, that our expense ratio continues to pose a considerable challenge. Looking ahead, we will endeavor to dramatically improve productivity while streamlining operating expenses through a process of digital transformation.
Turning to the domestic life insurance business, while our top line has declined in part due to the worldwide fall in interest rates, the bottom line has essentially expanded in line with plans owing to the development and provision of products and services that meet customer needs such as healthcare, nursing care, inheritance and gifting, and longevity risks.
From an international business perspective, the recovery of profits has unfortunately been slower than initial plans. Under these circumstances, we took steps to reorganize our international regional business from January 2020 in a bid to strengthen governance through the direct involvement of domestic specialized departments and accelerate the pace of global growth. In the future, we will leverage the strengths of Group companies across regions and work to improve business efficiency while generating Group synergies under this new structure.
⇒See "'Vision 2021’ Stage 2 Overview" (P. 43) for details
Reviewing Stage 1

  Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
MS&ADの全体像 レジリエントでサステナブルな社会へ MS&ADの戦略 社会との共通価値の創造 企業価値創造を支える仕組み
Appendix
補足資料
Data Section
データセクション
         Toward Stage 2
Under Stage 2 of “Vision 2021,” we have lowered our numerical management target for Group adjusted profit by ¥50 billion to ¥300 billion for fiscal 2021. This reflects such factors as the delay in securing a recovery in international business profit and a rise in reinsurance premiums due to the high rate of natural disasters in Japan for the second year in a row. However, buoyed by the efforts undertaken during Stage 1, as well as the tailwind provided by the hardening of the reinsurance market, we are on track to achieve this new numerical management target, with the improvement in profit in the international business in sight.
In addition, we will create resilient systems that can respond swiftly to changes in the environment by pushing forward our three key strategies under Stage 2 of our plan.
In “pursuing the Group’s comprehensive strengths,” the first key strategy, we will make maximum use of the Group’s diverse human assets, customer base and operating companies, review the division of roles by each Group company and strengthen cooperation, engage in a variety of activities including the joint development and standardization of products, and work to improve quality and productivity. As a result of these efforts, we plan to reduce operating expenses by ¥30 billion in Japan and overseas.
With an eye toward advancing the second key strategy, we will position the three initiatives of digital transformation (DX), digital innovation (DI) and digital globalization (DG) at the heart of efforts to “promote digitalization.” Under the DX initiative, we will review operating processes across all areas and transition to a highly productive business style. Through DI, we will make the most of digital technology and the latest knowledge to build new business models. Driven by DG, we will accelerate the pace of our global endeavors and, for example, roll out those activities undertaken in each country to the rest of the world. Drawing on these three initiatives, we will dramatically enhance the value of customers’ experience and improve business productivity.
Finally, as a part of efforts to reform the portfolio, the third key strategy, we will move away from an earnings structure that is dependent on the domestic non-life insurance business and transform into a more balanced structure that generates stable earnings from the international, life insurance and other businesses. While targeting a 50-50 split of earnings between the domestic non-life insurance business and other activities including the international and life insurance businesses under Vision 2021, we expect
to fall slightly behind schedule in achieving this goal
due to the effects of COVID-19. We will, however,
continue to vigorously pursue the reform of our
portfolio. Restoring the profitability of MS Amlin is a
top priority for expanding earnings in the
international business. In addition to ongoing
measures aimed at improving the loss ratio of
⇒See “Financial and Capital strategies” (P. 44) for details
⇒See “Growth strategies by Business Segment: International Business” (P. 58) for details
    Global partnership with First Capital
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 007
CEO Message
CEO Message
 
  Paradigm shift
A revolutionary or dramatic shift in the perceptions, ideas and societal values that were taken as a matter of course at a particular time or in a particular field.
general insurance risk and reducing costs, we are working to manage volatility due to catastrophe and other risks while targeting a stable earnings structure. In Asia, an area of geographic strength, we are confident in our ability to secure organic growth on the back of established facilities and networks. A key that is critical to our success in this endeavor is MS First Capital, which we acquired in 2017. The company is distinguished by its outstanding underwriting ability and serves as a market leader in large-scale infrastructure projects. Through the effective use of reinsurance, MS First Capital also boasts considerable expertise in low-volatility businesses that generate earnings through reinsurance commissions. Harnessing this know-how, we will work to expand our business by leveraging synergies with other local companies throughout the region. At the same time, the shift toward digitalization in Asia is expected to advance at an increasingly rapid pace. The potential exists for a new business model to trigger an abrupt paradigm shift. The MS&AD Insurance Group is already promoting digital initiatives in Asia. Our goal is to seize the opportunity that a paradigm shift affords and to further ramp up the pace of growth.
Key management focus areas
Having assumed the position of CEO on the occasion of the Group’s 10th anniversary, there are three focus areas that are of the utmost importance to management. In specific terms, I believe that sustainability and innovation are critical to management as MS&AD Insurance Group strives to become a rewarding and professional company.
Sustainability - CSV initiatives based on the Story of Value Creation -
Under “Vision 2021,” the MS&AD Insurance Group has identified “a resilient and sustainable society” as an image of society to realize and has set seven key initiatives that the Group is working on to create shared value (CSV) with society. To deepen employees’ understanding of the concept, the Group provides various opportunities for employees to engage in CSV such as conducting the Groupwide Sustainability Contest or occasional talks from management. Through this engagement, our approach toward CSV and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) is becoming more prevalent throughout the Group.
Ensuring that the promotion of CSV leads to Group growth is of critical importance here. Without this understanding, CSV will fall short as a sustainable endeavor. For example, the Group has concluded comprehensive cooperation agreements with 369 local government authorities with the aim of resolving issues that are specific to each region. Frankly speaking, many of these agreements have not yet contributed to the Group’s growth. What is important here is “critical information,” “great sensitivity” and “collaboration with other companies.” The ability to resolve regional issues while at the same time securing Group growth rests largely on a comprehensive thought process that tackles such questions as: What are the region’s issues? What solutions are available? What method will serve to both uncover a solution and promote the Group’s growth? Will cooperation with other companies facilitate a result? For instance, the “Kobe Model,” which
   ⇒See the Special Feature: “Solving Social Issues through Business” (P. 66) for details
Kobe Model
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance has been entrusted with the administration of the accident relief system linked to Kobe’s dementia ordinances. In this capacity, the company has developed Japan’s first comprehensive three-pronged coverage scheme for dementia: 1) accident relief (insurance), 2) system expansion (encouragement of early dementia testing) and 3) accident prevention (GPS tracking services by security companies).
 008
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
MS&ADの全体像 レジリエントでサステナブルな社会へ MS&ADの戦略 社会との共通価値の創造 企業価値創造を支える仕組み
promotes a dementia patient-friendly urban development, and the “Toyohashi City Multicultural Society,” which encourages foreign residents to better understand Japanese traffic rules and automobile insurance, have helped solve community-specific issues and contributed to the development of the local community while also leading to the Group’s growth.
Realizing that their efforts through CSV initiatives are leading directly to the resolution of social issues is also motivating employees. The younger generation, in particular, tends to value social connections. In this sense, SDGs are great as leading marks to move forward.
Innovation - Creation through a diversity and digital strategy -
Digital technology is advancing at a rapid pace. The MS&AD Insurance Group launched a corporate venture capital (CVC) initiative in Silicon Valley in the United States in 2018 and has invested in a number of start-ups that are at the vanguard of efforts to generate wide-ranging innovative and global change. At the same time, the Group maintains offices in 50 countries and regions including Japan. With unique and diverse partners and a wide-ranging network, we boast a wealth of knowledge and data accumulated through business over a period of 127 years. Harnessing this diversity, an inherent Group strength, and the cutting-edge expertise including digital technology gained through investments in various projects including start-ups through a multiplier effect, we are able to develop and provide new products and services that are beyond the reach of other companies. For example, digitalization continues to progress across every aspect of insurance business operations. From sales by agents through sales administration to the maintenance of contracts as well as loss assessment and the payment of claims, the entire operating process has been transformed by digitalization to improve business productivity. One such unique initiative is the MS1 Brain platform, which utilizes AI to assist agents in their sales activities. Using AI, the MS1 Brain platform serves as a tool to disseminate information and promote communication with customers, which has attracted high praise from agents. The platform provides recommendations of products and services that match individual customer needs with explanations through video and other materials.
Another initiative that only the Company can provide is RisTech, which combines both customers’ and the Company’s data to uncover risks and propose solutions for customers. By analyzing vast amounts of data related to each customer’s business, RisTech helps to visualize risks
while, among other things, putting forward proposals
that allow for their mitigation from a new perspective.
Through this data business, we have established strong
ties of trust with customers while creating a virtuous
cycle that contributes to the insurance business.
Another distinguishing feature of the Company is its insurance products and services that employ telematics technology. In partnership with the Toyota Group, we market telematics automobile insurance in Japan and overseas. Leveraging our strengths, we also provide innovative products and services including data analysis that employs telematics technology to
Appendix Data Section
補足資料 データセクション
Toyohashi City Multicultural Society
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, has teamed up with Toyohashi City, home to numerous foreign residents, to hold training sessions on traffic safety education for the Brazilian community that makes up the city’s largest segment of foreign residents. The company is preparing texts in Portuguese that explain Japan’s traffic rules and expand on the need to sign up for insurance.
⇒See “The Three Strengths of MS&AD: Innovation” (P. 22) for details
             MS1 Brain: A partner, that supports agents through the power of AI
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 009
CEO Message
CEO Message
 
 CASE
This acronym stands for Connected, Autonomous (referring to automated driving), Sharing and Services (car sharing and other services) and Electric (referring to electric vehicles). Advocacy of CASE began as part of a medium- to long-term strategy drafted by German automaker Daimler AG.
MaaS
Mobility as a Service (MaaS) is a service that provides each individual with the means of transportation that is optimal for that person. By seamlessly linking forms of transportation ranging from private automobiles to trains, buses, taxis and bicycles, MaaS provides total service in the transportation space.
Smart City
Refers to a new urban area that employs advanced IoT technology to efficiently manage and operate basic infrastructure while taking into consideration the environment with the aim of enhancing people’s quality of life and ensuring continuous economic development.
Super City
Refers to a city that utilizes AI, big data and other advanced technologies. The Super City concept is designed to create an urban environment that places a premium on comfort. To this end, the concept entails leveraging the synergistic effects generated by combining advanced technologies across every possible sector including logistics, healthcare and education. Under this scenario, we foresee the provision of services across such areas as automated driving, cashless payments, automated drone deliveries and remote healthcare.
⇒See “Empowerment of Diverse Human Assets” (P. 79) for details
overseas insurance companies outside the Group. Arguably, the automotive industry is now facing an era of tremendous change―a once-in-a-century period of profound transformation. Moving forward, we will contribute to the development of mobility service for the next generation by responding to advanced technologies such as CASE and MaaS. Moreover, we will take up the challenge of creating new value from the perspectives of people’s lives and health as well as urban development with a view toward realizing Smart and Super Cities. In addition, we established Global Digital Hubs (GDHs) in Tokyo and Singapore as venues for business collaboration. Partnering with a company in Israel, we have worked to put in place a platform for promoting digitalization. The objectives of this partnership include creating an environment in which to acquire the latest knowledge while establishing networks focusing mainly on the cyber domain. We strongly believe that the pursuit of innovation will serve as a springboard for the Group’s growth.
Employee engagement and professionalism in the workplace - Promoting women empowerment and global talent -
To link CSV and digital strategies to corporate growth, it is important for employees to feel a sense of purpose and satisfaction while carrying out their duties in a professional manner. With this in mind, the MS&AD Insurance Group is promoting diversity and inclusion (D&I) as one key initiative to achieve this end.
In particular, we have continued to implement a variety of measures aimed at promoting the career development of women. By conducting a broad array of initiatives including level-specific training programs, “unconscious bias” lectures for managers, telecommuting and flexible working hours, progress is being made in the promotion of women to management. Looking ahead, the MS&AD Insurance Group will upgrade and expand environments and programs that allow women to excel, while increasing the share of management positions occupied by women.
In similar fashion, we recognize the critical need to develop global talent. Educating Japanese employees to have a global mindset while at the same time allowing foreign employees overseas to excel are both key to accelerating the pace of international business expansion. With this in mind, we are advancing a variety of initiatives. In addition to helping overseas offices gain a better understanding of the Group’s Mission, Vision,
Values and Story of Value
Creation on the ground, we
are conducting interactive
training programs that link
personnel in Japan to
employees overseas. We have
also set up the Global Linked
Growth Strategy Task Force, a
joint initiative between the
Company’s headquarters and
overseas subsidiaries.
      010
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Participants in the MS&AD Garage Program

   Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
MS&ADの全体像 レジリエントでサステナブルな社会へ MS&ADの戦略 社会との共通価値の創造 企業価値創造を支える仕組み
Making the most of diverse human assets, including women and global talent, helps to generate a wealth of benefits. When a wide range of opinions clash and converge in a diverse group, it provides the impetus for uncovering new business opportunities and fueling innovation. In making the most of diversity, the MS&AD Garage Program implemented in Silicon Valley is extremely effective. Under this program, an employee of a Group company brings a specific business issue to Silicon Valley and deliberates with start-up companies with a view to finding a solution. Even if a solution cannot be found, the employee will have gained invaluable experience. Start-ups in Silicon Valley are distinguished by the flexibility of their ideas and innovation. They also possess a totally different sense of speed. Start-ups are assertive when presenting their views and extremely clear in what they need to do. Gaining a feel for this Silicon Valley approach is a source of considerable inspiration. The experience gained through the Program will open entirely new perspectives and ultimately help resolve a host of issues. I believe that we can continue to grow as a world-leading insurance and financial services group if employees maintain a professional mind-set and carry out their duties to the highest global standards.
In a new society
In modern society, the business environment is constantly changing as risks grow larger and more complex and new risks emerge. While the current pandemic caused by COVID-19 is a notable example, both Japan and the world have experienced a series of major natural disasters over three successive years since 2017. This is a clear demonstration of how serious global environmental issues are, issues that are having an extremely big impact on our business.
Against this backdrop, collaboration with a diverse range of partners is vital to resolving each social issue. We believe that one key to successful collaboration is mutual understanding, respect for each other’s raison d’être and a common vision of the future in which to resonate. When listening to advanced global firms, all have a clearly defined purpose. I believe that when partners who share this belief and have the same challenges come together and share their expertise, they can uncover the clues necessary to resolve difficult problems.
In that sense, our Mission and the story of value creation which embodies it will take on even greater significance in working together with stakeholders. By expanding the CSV initiatives that underpin our Story of Value Creation from regions to the entire country, from Japan to overseas, from Group companies to the Group as a whole, while promoting collaboration with partner companies that share the same challenges, we are confident in our ability to help realize a resilient and sustainable society.
We will forge ahead together with our stakeholders and leverage the Group’s strengths of diversity and combined power to create a better society.
Appendix
補足資料
Data Section
データセクション
        MS&AD
Garage Program
Under this program, employees from Group companies worldwide travel to Silicon Valley to meet individually with start-up companies and pursue opportunities including the pitching of ideas. Having failed in each home country, the goal is to uncover advanced technologies and new business models that can help resolve outstanding issues.
   ⇒See “Stakeholder Engagement” (P. 24) for details
⇒See “MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation” (P. 12) for details
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 011
CEO Message
CEO Message
 
   Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation
Contribute to the Development of a Vibrant Society and Help Secure a Sound Future for the Planet
The MS&AD Insurance Group was formed with three groups of insurance companies being integrated with the mission“to contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet, by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services businesses.”
To realize our vision of society, we need to face those social issues that impede this vision and promptly identify various risks stemming from the issues. Then, through a variety of products and services, we need to prevent risks from occurring or minimize the impact of those risks and to reduce the economic burden when those risks materialize. By doing so, we help create an environment where customers can live and conduct business in a secure manner. That is our story of value creation.
 Bringing Vision to Reality
   Rapid Social Change
Major social issues that the Group can help resolve
1 2 3 4
       Climate Change
Detriment to Natural Capital
Technological Innovation
Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
The global environment approaching its limit (e.g. climate change and depletion of resources)
Mounting burden of nursing/ medical care associated with an aging population
Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
      Declining Birthrate and Aging Population
Growing Population / Widening Inequalities
012 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
               〈 Approach toward resolving social issues 〉
  Identify and inform on risks
         Prevent risks from occurring/
minimize the impact
Reduce the economic burden
Our Image of Society in 2030
Resilient and Sustainable
Society
          Creating Shared Value (CSV initiatives)
▶ Deal with new risks
▶ Create a safer mobility society
▶ Strive for resilient community development
▶ Support“good health and longevity”
▶ Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation ▶ Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
▶ Work toward the realization of“leaving no one behind”
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 013
Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
  
      The MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation Contributing to the Development 
 Resources Supporting MS&AD
We are utilizing the diverse resources of the Group’s business activities as the impetus to create new value.
Helping Secure a Sound Future 
Social Issues
Diverse risks surrounding society
    Financial Capital
● Sufficient and sound financial base enabling the underwriting of customers’risks
(FY2019)
1
2
3 4
Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
Global environment approaching its limit
(Climate change and depletion of resources, etc.)
Mounting burden of nursing/medical care associated with aging population
Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
  Consolidated net assets ¥2,494.0 billion Human Capital
      ● Global and diverse human assets
● Professional human assets with sophisticated
expertise related to insurance, risks, etc.
41,582
● Most abundant risk data in Japan and the ASEAN region Number of risk surveys conducted 1,312
Social and Relationship Capital
Consolidated number of employees
 Intellectual Capital
● Expertise and trustworthiness supported by a lengthy history and experience
       Reduce the economic burden
        ● No. 1 in the scale of its customer base in Japan
 Number of individual customers in Japan
Approx. 43 million
Identify and inform on risks
  2.4
● No. 1 in gross premiums written in the ASEAN region
million
999
Domestic claims handling service centers2
● Overseas bases3   50 countries/regions
● Relationships with leading companies in other sectors including the Toyota Group, the Nippon Life Group, the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
1. Simple sum of the number of bases at domestic insurance companies (as of April 1, 2020)
2. Simple sum of the number of claims handling service centers at domestic non-life insurance companies (as of April 1, 2020)
3. Includes SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) in the Cayman Islands (as of April 1, 2020)
Natural Capital
● Stable global climate system
● Conservation of biodiversity in nature ● Sustainable natural resources
Amount of paper used   11,080 tons MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Number of corporate   Approx. customers in Japan
● No. 1 in the size of its agent network in Japan
Number of domestic non-life insurance agents
258
84,676
Prevent risks from occurring/ minimize
the impact
Systems Supporting 
Optimum resource allocation and appropriate
risk management
ERM
▶ P. 76
        Domestic marketing bases1
branches/
offices 419
               ●
Resilient systems that can respond to a changing
environment
Medium-Term Management Plan
▶ P. 40
 014
 MS&AD’s Business Model
   
    

      CEO Message Who We Are Overview of MS&AD
  of a Vibrant Society and   for the Planet
Resilient and Sustainable Society
Stability in people’s lives Dynamic business activities
Special Report
Our Way
pecial Feature Our Platform Appendix
Creating Value in Partnership with Stakeholders
Sp
Data Section
S
                        (see P. 24)
  Our goals are to create social value together with our stakeholders through the output of our business activities.
Customers Shareholders Agents Business Partners Employees Local Communities/International Society Environment
       Financial Capital
(results for FY2019)
¥233.1 billion 8.0% 8.5%
         Provision of safety and
● Increase capital efficiency ● Increase Group Adjusted Profit ● Returns to shareholders
* Total Shareholder Return (TSR) is the ratio calculated by dividing the return (dividends and capital gains) on investments in stocks over a specified period by the share price (investment amount).
Human Capital
Group Adjusted Profit
Group Adjusted ROE
TSR* of past 5 years
 peace of mind
● Provide working environments that offer greater amenities and support personal growth
● Provide employment that is stable and gives due consideration to work-life balance
 Global insurance / financial services business
1. This measures the level of employees’ feeling pride or job satisfaction. (The figure is an average for all employees based on a survey of employees‒6 points represents perfect satisfaction.)
4.4
2. Average number of vacation days acquired by all employees with respect to “regular/carryover vacation days” as well as “special vacation days”
Intellectual Capital
● Foster the development of employees with high levels of specialized expertise
● Provide products and services that respond to changing and diverse customer needs
● Provide society with risk-related surveys and research results
Employee satisfaction level1
points
Days of paid vacation
15.7
2 used per employee/year
      Five Business Domains
  Domestic Non-Life ▶ P. 54 Insurance Business
  Domestic Life Insurance Business
Financial Services Business
Risk-Related Services Business
▶ P. 56 ▶ P. 60 ▶ P. 62
Research reports issued1
85
2 Number of actuaries
111
1. We issued reports on diverse subjects including CSR, corporate risks, BCM, workers’ compensation risks, transportation risks, overseas crisis management information and infectious disease information.
 2. Number of professional actuaries employed by MS&AD Group with specialized skills for making full use of probability, statistical and other mathematical techniques used in product development, risk management, financial soundness confirmation and other processes (as of April 1, 2020)
 P. 58
Social and Relationship Capital
● Disburse insurance payment of claims and benefits appropriately and speedily
 ● Provide services to prevent accidents and disasters from occurring
● Provide a high-quality and diverse agent network
● Fulfill corporate social responsibility through cooperative
 relationships with business partners
● Provide products and services that protect such social capital
 as social infrastructure, government services, etc. 96.5 Insurance ¥2,403.8 billion Customer %
claims paid1 satisfaction2
 1. This represents the sum of net claims paid and life insurance claims.
2. Ratio of customers satisfied with accident response for automobile insurance
Natural Capital
        Corporate Value Creation
(MSI and ADI)
   Management platforms that enable employees to play active roles
Human Asset Development
▶ P. 79
Strengthening corporate governance
Corporate Governance
▶ P. 83
● Reduce CO2 emissions to slow the pace of climate change
● Contribute to the conservation of biodiversity
● Reduce the environmental burden to allow sustainable use of
natural resources 27,673 Employees participating in social contribution activities*
   * Number of employees who make donations or participate in volunteer activities as an individual or part of the company(excluding employees overseas).
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 015
   
 
International Business
▶

  Five Business Domains
Harnessing the distinguishing features of each Group company, every effort is being made to provide
a wide range of products and services to address diversifying risks and meet customer needs.
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
No. 1 position in the domestic non-life insurance market, making group-wide efforts to comprehensively meet diverse customer needs
▶P. 54
   Features
Comprehensive capabilities and global business development
Product development that creates social value in response to customer needs
With a focus on innovation, diversity, close relationships with local communities; striving to become a unique company with its own distinctive character Innovative product development as a pioneer in the field of telematics insurance
Professional claims handling (accident response) based on smartphones Easy-to-understand products and services and reasonable premiums
Features
 Products
     Products
    Features
 Products
   International Business
An overseas network covering 49 countries and regions*
No. 1 in terms of non-life gross premiums written in the ASEAN region
▶P. 58
      * Excluding the Cayman Islands, where SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) is located. (As of April 1, 2020)
Financial Services Business
▶P. 60
▶P. 62
 Leveraging the full range of its capabilities as an insurance and financial services group to provide new financial products and services
 MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd. MS&AD Loan Services Co., Ltd.
Risk-Related Services Business
Creating synergies with the insurance business by deploying global risk solution services
      MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network Co., Ltd. Fureai Do-Life Services Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Group companies that support the five business domains
MS&AD Business Support Co., Ltd. MS&AD Systems Co., Ltd. MS&AD Staffing Service Co., Ltd. MS&AD Business Service Co., Ltd.
   016 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
           Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
   Special Report
 Domestic Life Insurance Business
Leveraging the distinctive strengths of two group companies in protection-type and asset-building products
Protection-type products
▶P. 56
     Products
 As Japan increasingly becomes a super-aged society, there is a growing need for medical/nursing care products as well as death benefit and other protection-type products
The Group has developed diverse sales channels centered on cross-selling through the agents of the Group’s two core non-life insurance companies, financial institutions, professional life insurance agents and direct sales personnel
Asset-building and asset-inheritance products
Suitable to the diversification of customer needs as Japan increasingly becomes a super-aged society, asset-inheritance products that can be used for inheritances or living donations and asset-building type insurance products
Over-the-counter sales by financial institutions (e.g., banks, securities companies)
Sales channels
     Products
 Sales channels
  Financial Services Business
 Risk-Related Services Business
   2.1% ¥4.8 billion International Business
Others1
12.7% ¥29.6billion
FY2019
Group Adjusted Profit2
  21.2% ¥49.4 billion Domestic Life Insurance Business
¥233.1 billion 51.3% ¥119.5 billion
  12.7% ¥29.7 billion Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
 1. Including net decrease in income taxes paid during the fiscal year due to the effects of reorganization of the international business of MSI. 2. See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 99) for details.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 017
 
 MS&AD’s Three Strengths: Scale
As a world-leading insurance and financial group, we have successfully secured sufficient capacity to meet the needs of customers worldwide.
                                   Group-wide
No. 5 among non-life insurance
groups in the world
▶Fortune Global 500: 2019 Income Ranking Company/Group Name
                          1
$247,837 $81,732 $75,377 $67,226
$49,610
$49,396
$47,389
$47,180
$43,270
$42,685
                2
       3
                4
    5
6
7
8
9
10
Berkshire Hathaway
State Farm Insurance Cos.
People’s Insurance Co. of China
Munich Re Group
    MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings
   Tokio Marine Holdings
American International Group
 Zurich Insurance Group
  Nationwide
Liberty Mutual Insurance Group
  Note: Ordinary income basis for Japanese insurance groups Source: Fortune Global 500 2019 Insurance Property & Casualty (Stock + Mutual)
Income (US$ million)
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
The insurance group most chosen by customers in Japan
  ■ Share of Net Premiums Written* (FY2019)
No. 1 share
in all lines of business in Japan
■ Underwriting Profit (prior to reflecting catastrophe reserves)* (¥ billion)
 Others
250 200 150 100
50 0 -50
203.1 173.0
128.3 133.9 127.4
■ MS&AD 
■ Company A Group ■ Company B Group
 13%
MS&AD 33%
 125.6
FY2015
 Company B Group
¥8,609.4 billion
118.0 75.7
76.8
 26%
41.8 9.4
-12.7
28%
Sources: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company and data from the General Insurance Association of Japan.
* MS&AD figures are the simple sums of figures for MSI, ADI, Mitsui Direct General and au Insurance Company
* Figures for other insurance groups are simple sums of non-consolidated figures for domestic companies in each group.
* Figures are presented exclusive of the Good Results Return premiums of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance’s proprietary “ModoRich” automobile insurance product, which contains a special clause for premium adjustment and refund at maturity (same hereinafter).
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018 FY2019
018 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Company A Group
-16.9 -44.6
-27.7
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company
* Figures for MS&AD are the simple sum of the non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI; For the others, the simple sum of the non-consolidated group figures excluding the direct insurance companies of each group.
 
 CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section Overview of MS&AD
Domestic Life Insurance Business
No. 9 in premiums income among domestic life insurance companies/groups
■ Domestic life insurance companies/groups’ ■ Net income of life insurance companies under
  premiums and others ranking (FY2019)
  the three major non-life groups
(¥ billion)
Company C Company D Company E Company F Company G Company H Company I Company J Group MS&AD Group Company K Group
5.50 3.85
. 1 MS&AD
No. 1
in gross written premiums in
No. 2 Company N South Korea 4th1
PR China 3rd1
Taiwan 5th Hong Kong 14th
Macau
Vietnam 16th Cambodia 4th Malaysia 2nd
Company P Company Q
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
Company R Company S Company T Company U Company V Company W Company X
Source: Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019
Based on gross written premiums for FY2019
* See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 100) for details.
(£ billion)
2.4 2.1
2.0
2.0 1.9
1.8 1.7
1.5 1.3
1.2
N
No. 3 Company O
N
o
o
.
the ASEAN region
India
8th1 Myanmar Laos 4th2
ASEAN Countries
Group Group
34.4
15.5 8.1
FY2017
34.2
Group
2.30 2.26
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company
*Figures for “Group” are calculated based on the non-consolidated sums of each group company.
International Business
FY2018
Thailand 5th Sri Lanka 2nd
Laos is shown
Brunei Singapore 1st
Philippines 4th
1.82 1.74
No. 9 among
28 companies
16.5
FY2019
1.48
and groups
1.41
3.24 2.59
23.9 14.7
11.6
FY2015
25.2
8.7 8.3
FY2016
31.27.3 27.8 15.3
Indonesia
13th
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced corporate information from each country and region (reinsurance companies excluded)
1. Ranking for foreign-based insurance companies
2. Because data for FY2018 was not publicly available, the FY2017 ranking for
(¥ trillion)
40
30 20 10
0
■ MS&AD G ■ Company L ■CompanyM
No. 1 in gross written premiums (non-life) in the ASEAN region
With global business expansion to 49 countries and regions, especially in Asia, and as the world’s only global non-life insurance group with a presence in all 10 ASEAN countries, the Group maintains the No. 1 presence for gross written premiums in the ASEAN region.
■ Positioning in the non-life insurance market in   ASEAN and Asian countries (FY2018)
FY2018 Gross Written Premiums Ranking in ASEAN Countries
MS Amlin, a member of the Group, is a principal player of significant size as a managing agent* with Lloyd’s of London*, the world’s most influential insurance market.
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company
■ Lloyd’s syndicate Gross Written   Premiums ranking
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 019

 MS&AD’s Three Strengths: History
With a wealth of data and knowledge accumulated over more than 100 years of history and experience, and drawing
on the trust and expectations of customers, we are endeavoring to secure sustainable growth for the next 100 years.
Past experience and lessons are the seeds of the future
        Expertise and trustworthiness supported
by 127 long years of history and experience
▶ GreatestaccumulationofriskrelateddatainJapanand the ASEAN region
▶ Expertise and data acquired through experience with the large natural disasters to date
Robust customer and marketing base founded on long-term relationship building
▶ Partnershipswithleadingcompaniesinothersectors, including the Toyota Group, the Nippon Life Group, the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
▶ Partnerships with insurance agents and insurance brokers supported by long-standing relationships of trust
                             1934:
Started direct underwriting in Thailand as the first Japanese insurer
    Shin Nihon Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
Mitsui Fire &
Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1943)
(merged 1944) (merged 1942)
Osaka Sumitomo Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
Mitsui Marine &
Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (1991)
Sumitomo
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (1954)
 Osaka Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1893)
Settsu Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1919)
Fuso Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1917)
Settsu
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Taisho Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1918)
(merged 1941)
  Osaka Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. Osaka Fire, Marine & Transport Insurance Co., Ltd.
Osaka Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Fuso Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Toshin Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
Tokyo Movable Property Fire Insurance Company (established 1918)
Dai-Tokyo Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
Sumitomo
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
1976:
First in the industry to handle auto claims in an integrated manner for compulsory automobile liability insurance and automobile insurance
     Otaru Cargo Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1897)
Fukoku Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
(merged 1944)
Dai-Tokyo
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Nisshin Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1911)
Naniwa Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1910)
Okura Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
(merged 1943)
Okura Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1945)
Chiyoda
Fire & Marine
Insurance Co., Ltd. 1959:
 Nihon Kyoritsu Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1913)
Chitose Fire & Marine Reinsurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
Chiyoda Fire &
Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1942)
Reinforced the relationship with Toyota Motor Corporation
Nissay General Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
  Yokohama Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1897)
Kyodo Fire & Marine Insurance (established 1906)
Kobe Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1907)
Asahi Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1918)
Dowa Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
1975:
Leading the industry as a pioneer in space insurance, such as development of third-party liability insurance for artificial satellites for the launch of KIKU, Japan’s first satellite
Mitsui Mirai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Sumitomo Marine Yu-Yu Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Dai-tokyo Shiawase Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Chiyoda Kasai Ebisu Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
      020
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Special Report
                Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. established in 2008
   2001:
Promoted the Life and Non-Life Comprehensive Insurance Strategy using the Nissay Insurance Account as a platform
                                  Network of trust built over a long history in the Asian region
▶ First Japanese non-life insurance company to start direct underwriting in Thailand, in 1934
▶ Operations have expanded along with growth in the ASEAN region, ultimately achieving the No. 1 position in the region in terms of scale
2000:
Established Lloyd’s syndicate as the first Japanese insurer
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
110 years of experience and results in the Lloyd’s insurance market
▶ First Japanese non-life insurance company to enter the Lloyd’s insurance market in 2000
▶ Acquisition of Amlin, founded in 1903, at the Lloyd’s insurance market in 2016
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.,
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd., and Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.,
became subsidiaries of MSIGHD.
      MS&AD Insurance Group launched in 2010
MS&AD
Insurance Group Holdings
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (inaugurated 2010)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (inaugurated 2011)
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
(name changed in 2011)
2013:
Started reorganization by function
2018:
Invested in ReAssure, U.K.-based closed book* life insurance business
          2005:
Acquired Taiwan-based Mingtai Fire and Marine Insurance ranked No. 2 in the Taiwanese insurance industry
      2004:
Acquired the whole Asian non-life insurance business of U.K.-based, Aviva (making us the largest in the ASEAN region)
2017:
Capital participation in Challenger, the largest provider of individual annuity insurance in Australia
2019:
Invested in IKBZ Insurance, a major private non-life insurance company in Myanmar
       2004:
Developed Pay As You Drive (PAYD) type auto insurance for Toyota cars
Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Nissay Dowa
2016:
Acquired U.K.-based Amlin, ranked No. 2 at the Lloyd’s insurance market
2015:
Acquired U.K.-based Box Innovation Group, a leading telematics automobile insurer
2017:
Acquired First Capital, ranked No. 1 in Singapore
2019:
Developed a telematics damage service system,
an accident response service that uses connected car
data with Toyota Motor Corporation
                                 G
G
General Insurance Co., Ltd.
    m
(inaugurated 2000)
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Mitsui Sumitomo
CitiInsurance Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (started 2002)
Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd. (2005)
merged 2001)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
(
(
     2018:
Launched first driving behavior-based telematics auto insurance for Toyota’s connected cars
                              *The closed book life insurance business is a type of life insurance whereby a company purchases and acquires policies in force held by other life insurance companies instead of acquiring new policies on their own.
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 021

 MS&AD’s Three Strengths: Innovation Born of diversity, a Group characteristic, is the power of our ideas and creativity. We use
these to generate new solutions that are a step ahead of a society in transition.
 CDO Message
RisTech 「Risk」×「Technology」
The use of big data and the latest analytical algorithms enables the visualization and optimization of the risks that surround a company and the new services that will facilitate solutions to issues.
Finding solutions to the issues confronting customers
・Control of risks facing customers, a quick recovery and a bolstered response in case of an incident, contributing to reduced costs and a higher top line
   Data collection
  Group CDO
Shinichiro Funabiki
Grow the value of“insurance”
・Subdivision of risk ・Dynamic pricing
(fluid rate changes, compensating only the operating amount)
・New risk compensation
Value creation
Data utilization
Deepening customer understanding
・New services as a vehicle to obtain new information (quantity × quality), strengthened customer relationships and obtaining customer information through meetings
  Spurred on by the spread of COVID-19, behavioral changes are emerging throughout society, such as companies promoting working from home and a rising number of contactless interactions. The MS&AD Insurance Group also is taking such measures, including telecommuting and having online meetings. We view this response to the crisis as a turning point for a transformation that is creating a new business style based on digitalization. Our aim is to concurrently achieve both greater productivity and higher competitiveness. An example of this is the creation of a system whereby a customer uses a personal smartphone to buy insurance, and then receives service, all without face-to-face contact. This sort of system represents a sea change, going from a personal meeting and visitation type of business to that of a touchless, paperless, cashless style driven by a digital transformation.
In addition to telematics, cybersecurity and other changes to existing businesses, the advance of digital innovation is leading to initiatives that create new businesses. Here we introduce two such businesses on which we are focusing our efforts.
The first is the construction of a digital insurance sales platform, through which we collaborate with EC operators and others to offer customers a one-stop way to sign up for peripheral insurance products while in the process of purchasing products and services. From obtaining insurance policies to their payment, end-to-end digitalization of the process realizes smooth and highly flexible provision of insurance. This represents the new market we are aiming to create.
The second is Risk × Technology = “RisTech.” This is a service that provides the risk analysis or reports, as well as the risk models, to aid in finding solutions to the issues that face corporate business partners. In addition to utilizing internally held data such as on policies and accidents, data scientists leverage various external data, including that held by those corporate business partners themselves. Looking ahead, together with offering this service to numerous corporate business partners and having the insights gained through this lead to the development of new insurance products and services, we will endeavor to aid in finding solutions to those problems affecting society, such as preparations for increasingly large-scale natural disasters or contributing to regional transportation.
Gaining exposure to cutting-edge technology in Silicon Valley
Securing human assets
Bringing together human assets with formidable digital skills and hiring as industry-ready resources
Developing human assets
Developing our proprietary learning programs by collaborating with universities
Group diversity
                        022 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Overseas experience
 
  Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Special Report
               Business process reform
 Joint product development
 Strengthening Group adhesion
 Global tie-up 1
Global tie-up 2
Industry, government, academia collaboration
    Telematics
Positioning telematics technology as a linchpin, we will take action to work with CASE, MaaS and other cutting-edge technologies and business models, and staying a step ahead of these, will work to realize a safe and secure mobility society and super cities.
Multidimensional cyber countermeasures
“Risk diagnosis, protection-to-response and, in line with that, compensation” provided coherently and in accordance with needs and the latest technologies based on domestic and international networks̶cyber countermeasures that only the Company can provide.
Problem-solving based on unprecedented and innovative services and technology
   Data business
Mobility as a Service
Maintaining the digital infrastructure that supports
lifestyles
Smart city/ Super city
Connected
Beyond Mobility
            Autonomous Telematics
Shared/ Service
Electric
Utilizing digital tools such as chatbots and RPA
Joint development by linking life and non-life insurance within the Group
A scheme to link problem-solving solutions in automotive, cyber, health management and other fields
Open innovation
MS&AD Garage
MS&AD Insurance Group
MS&AD Ventures
Israel FintTLV/SOSA
              Topics, namely the “Pain Point,” are taken from a wide range of markets and deliberated upon
and different industries
Problem-solving through discussions on traditional and established cyber countermeasures
Contributing solutions to social issues
“Cyber Study Group” comprising
     “Cyber Liaison Meeting” members from academia
            Creation of innovation in tune with
the times
Acquiring external insights and networks
           Creativity
Collaboration with Israel-based innovation promotion company Investment in start-up company through our CVC in Silicon Valley, U.S.
We work together with a wide range of organizations, including universities, regional authorities, financial institutions and NGOs
ya
a
n
nd
d
s
sy
y
n
ne
er
rg
g
i
ie
e
s
s
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 023

   Stakeholder Engagement
The MS&AD Insurance Group has various systems to facilitate communication with our stakeholders and is working to incorporate stakeholder feedback into the Group’s management strategies. By communicating with stakeholders, we work to establish trustworthy quality and management platforms for society. Working together with stakeholders to create shared value for society also will lead to the realization of Our Mission and Our Vision throughout the entire Group.
Our
To contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet,
Our
To create a world-leading insurance and financial services group that
                    Attitude toward Stakeholders
   The credo for all employees aimed at realizing the Group’s Mission
Trustworthy Quality and Management Platforms
Quality Improvement
Sound Organizational Management
Respect for Human Rights
Improvements (Products/Services/BusinessProcesses)
           CUSTOMER FOCUS
Our Values
INTEGRITY TEAMWORK INNOVATION
Basic Policies on Corporate Governance
PROFESSIO NALISM
          To realize our Corporate Philosophy (Mission), the MS&AD Insurance Group will create shared value and aim toward a resilient and sustainable society through corporate activities that implement the “Story of Value Creation.” We will consistently strive for supreme quality that lives up to the trust and expectations upon us. Together with our stakeholders, we continue to contribute to the creation of a society where anyone can pursue a stable life and boldly engage in dynamic business activities, while preserving the sustainability of the global environment and society.
Basic Policy on Compliance
We intend to achieve Our Mission by ensuring compliance in every aspect of our corporate activities and by establishing corporate ethics.
Basic Policy for Responding to Customer Communications
BasedonOurMission,wewillrespond toallcustomercommunicationsquickly, appropriately and in good faith while promoting initiatives in accordance with our Values to contribute to the improvement of customer satisfaction.
Basic Policy on the Environment
Based on Our Mission, we regard the environment as a part of its corporate strategy. Having established mitigation of and adaptation to climate change, the sustainable use of resources, the reduction of environmental burden and the conservation of biodiversity as Key Issues, the Group is advancing efforts in these areas including human rights in line with its Standards of Conduct.
Basic Policy on Human Rights
We are committed to enhancing the corporate value and contributing to the creation of a sustainable and resilient society through behavior that takes into account interaction with the environment and society including human rights in all business activities, with the aim of realizing Our Mission.
Strategic Approach for Sustainability
We consider sustainable issues, such as the environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) factors associated with all of our business transactions, including the development of products and services, underwriting and investment.
                                  024 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Understanding, Analysis and Examination of Content
Communication with Stakeholders
    
   CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
           Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
   Special Report
  Mission
by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business
 Vision
consistently pursues sustainable growth and enhances corporatevalue
                             Customers
Shareholders
Agents
Business Partners
Employees
Local Communities International Society
The Environment
Engagement with Stakeholders
Shared Value
Strong relationships with customers
Improvement in medium- to long-term corporate value
Mutual growth as a business partner
Value creation throughout the supply chain
Employee pride and achievement of Our Mission
Cooperation and collaboration through partnerships
Improvement of our Planet's sustainability
Impact on Capital
Financial capital
with sustainable growth foundation
Human capital comprising diverse professional skills
Intellectual capital that creates future innovation
Social/relationship capital that aims for collective impact
Protect and nurture natural capital by acting together
                                  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 025
  
    The Group’s Attitude
Torealize“customersecurity and satisfaction,” all employees put into practice the “Customer Focus” stated in Our Values, extensively listen to customer feedback and work to improve quality.
We will actively engage in constructive dialogue with shareholders for the Group’s sustained growth and enhancement of its medium- to long-term corporate value and will endeavor to generate further corporate value by utilizing such dialogue in managing the Group.
By maintaining effective communication with agents and by thinking and acting together with them, we aim to offer high-quality service and optimal insurance products to our customers. In this way, we also encourage the Group companies and agents to grow together.
While considering compliance, respect for human rights and natural environment, we will act as a company that meets the expectations of society with our supply chain.
Positioning initiatives that support implementation of the Story of Value Creation, We are working human assets development and on diversity and inclusion as sources of the Group’s comprehensive strength.
Toward the realization of a “resilient and sustainable society,” we and our stakeholders will together protect the global environment and the sustainability of society and continue to contribute to a vibrant society.
While striving to reduce our own environmental impact, we will promote improvements in the sustainability of our Planet from the perspective of long-term risk through the risk solutions business.
Basic Policy and Fundamental Activities
       Customers
 Shareholders
 Agents
 Business Partners
 Employees
 Local Communities International Society
 The Environment
  026 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Actions put into practice based on the “Basic Policy for Responding to Customer Communications” and “Customer-First Policy in Business Operations”
● Respond promptly, appropriately and sincerely to customer feedback,
and utilize that feedback in a variety of measures to enhance quality
and improve customer satisfaction.
● Ensure that each and every employee conducts business operations
with a high sense of values that adhere to the “Customer-First Policy.” ● Provide products and services that address new risks and diversifying
customer needs.
Through highly transparent information disclosure, the MS&AD Insurance Group seeks to reduce information asymmetry with shareholders and investors. The feedback gained from the constructive dialogue with shareholders and investors is shared with management and the relevant departments to be utilized in the formulation of management strategies.
● The Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Department, which assists with shareholder dialogue, and various other departments within the Group, and efforts to expand means of dialogue
● Measures for providing senior management and the Board of Directors with feedback regarding shareholder dialogue
● Measures concerning control of insider information during shareholder dialogue
Possessing the value of “Customer Focus,” underpin The Group's agents' provision of high-quality services that fulfills our accountability to our customers and support the strengthening of the management platforms.
● Further strengthen communication with agents by providing support to
various initiatives aimed at bolstering the agent organizations’ growth
and contributions to various local and social contribution activities ● Dedicated full-time staff members with expertise provide overall management support to agents through training and one-to-one
meetings
● Promotion of agent quality certification system to motivate agents’
quality improvements
Putting into practice actions based on the basic policies of compliance, human rights and the management of outside vendors
● Comply with all laws and regulations relating to business activities;
implement sincere, fair and just business activities that meet the
expectations and demands of society
● Activities and dialogue that respect human rights, including the value chain ● Confirmation and regular inspection of personal information
management systems, management soundness, etc.
● Procurement in which consideration is given to the use of sustainable resources
● Requesting cooperation in consideration for the natural environment as
part of the ISO 14001 initiatives
Establishing a management base that enables employees to play active roles ● Promoting diversity and inclusion to establish a corporate culture that
respects diversity and diverse values
● Aiming for our vision of ideal employees, who will continue to develop by learning,
thinking by themselves and taking on challenges, providing environments that are
conducive to work and opportunities to develop with a sense of enjoyment
● Creating workplaces in which consideration is given to health and safety to enable each and every employee to implement health management while
maintaining and improving their physical and mental health
Actions put into practice based on our “Basic Policy on the Environment” and our “Strategic Approach for Sustainability”
● Through participation in initiatives, understanding diversifying
sustainability issues and implementing actions together
▶ Paris Pledge for Action
▶ UN Global Compact (UNGC )
▶ United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEPFI )
(Principles for Sustainable Insurance [PSI], Natural Capital Finance Alliance [NCFA])
▶ Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)
▶ Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Final Report ▶ Japan Climate Initiative (JCI)
▶ Principles of Financial Action toward the Formation of a Sustainable
Society (21st Century Principles of Financial Action) ▶ Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity (JBIB)
● Local revitalization initiatives
● Donation matching gift system in the aftermath of a disaster
● Promotion of collaborative research with universities on social issues
and the global environment
● Support for employee participation in environmental protection
 activities
    Communications with Stakeholders
  
  Shared Interests/ Expectations
Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Special Report
                  Communication Channels Citing of a Specific Example
 Relationships of trust with customers Trust in products/services Address customers’ diverse needs
   ● Client surveys
● Annual reports on the status of the
“Customer-First Policy in Business Operations”
efforts (by each Group company)
● Claims service contact center
● Official Website
● Communication with agents and employees (e.g.,
inquiries, consultations, requests, complaints)
 Sustainable enhancement of corporate value Engagement enhancements through constructive dialogue Initiatives to improve shareholder value
   ● For institutional investors/analysts
(Meetings to explain management strategy [twice a year], result briefing conference calls [four times], exchange of opinions [once])
● Briefings for individual investors (18 times)
● ESG briefing/exchange of opinions (once)
● Theme-based small meeting (once)
● Meetings for analysts/investors from Japan and
overseas (193 times)
● Survey at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
Note: FY2019
 Strengthening of agent system/ quality improvements Promotion of independence/ self-running operation Productivity improvements Improvements in sales and market development capabilities
   ● Study sessions to acquire knowledge about the risks surrounding customers, claims support, products and services
● Regular polite interactions/one-to-one meetings with attention to detail
● MS1 Brain agent sales support system
● Dialogue with agent organizations with the aim of
growing together
 Thorough compliance Respect for human rights Considerationfor the natural environment
    ● Communications with outside vendors (Procurement in which consideration is given to the
use of sustainable resources)
● Regular inspections of outside vendors (approx.
2,800 companies)
● Human rights due diligence
 Corporate culture that respects diverse values Work environment where people can continue working indefinitely Providing opportunities to enable everyone to play an active role
   ● Employee awareness survey (implemented once a year on a global basis)
● Based on suggestions for improvements, a posting system under which each head office department examines the suggestions and feeds back its results
● Speak-up (whistleblowing) system that enables personnel to report or seek a consultation about suspected violations of laws and regulations, violations of company regulations or inappropriate behavior (Number of cases reported: 164)
● Communication with management
 Climate change mitigation and adaptation Sustainability of natural capital Building resilient communities
   ● Collaboration agreements with local governments (374 agreements)
● Communication with NPOs/NGOs
● Communication/exchanges with local communities ● Holding of seminars/symposiums
● Communication with experts and NPOs/NGOs
● Exchanges with researchers relating to the global
environment and natural disasters
● Participation in initiatives and international
conferences
● Employee participation in environmental and
social contribution activities (27,673) ● Holding of seminars/symposiums
    Utilizing the LINE communication application, we have developed a mechanism that facilitates prompt requests for road service arrangements.
In December 2019, we held an ESG briefing session for institutional investors and analysts at which we showcased the Group’s ESG efforts and provided an opportunity for exchanges of opinions with outside directors.
MS1 Brain is an industry-first, AI-powered agent sales support system that provides optimal proposals to meet the needs of each and every customer through data analysis by means of AI.
Engaging in green purchasing, we are reducing the environmental burden through our value chain. In collaboration with a cafeteria operator, we are promoting a reduction in the use of plastic straws and the introduction of sustainable seafood.
To further instill Our Mission, Our Vision and Our Values, an awareness survey targeting domestic and overseas employees was conducted. Overseas, we created and distributed videos focusing on action guidelines.
As the Chair of the Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity (JBIB), every year we hold a symposium called Business Talking Biodiversity, at which companies discuss what should be done to improve the sustainability of the natural capital.
Incooperation withtheIndonesian government,atropicalforest regeneration project has been under way in the Paliyan Wildlife Reserve on the island of Java since 2005. The MS&AD Group is encouraging reforestation and the forming of a sustainable community through the revitalization of the local economy by offering guidance on planting and cultivating treestolocalresidentsand through environmental education.
             INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 027

 Special Report Toward a Resilient and Sustainable Society
Climate-Related Disclosure
Because climate change has a significant impact on society and industry, we recognize that disclosing the impact of climate change on business activities is essential for the stability of society and the financial system.
The MS&AD Insurance Group endorses the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and promotes the disclosure of financial information.
Governance
Climate-Related Internal Control
To achieve a “Resilient and Sustainable Society,” the MS&AD Insurance Group is tackling climate change mitigation and adaptation through Creating Shared Value (CSV) initiatives.
Promotion and monitoring of these initiatives is discussed by the Board of Directors, the Group Management Committee and Task-Specific Committees.
The Board of Directors discusses and determines important matters such as management strategies and capital policies including climate-related matters and supervises the execution of duties by Directors and Executive Officers.
The Group Management Committee discusses important matters such as management policies and strategies that include the recognition of climate-related issues and initiatives, and monitors the execution of tasks by Executive Officers.
Climate-related issues and progress with initiatives are reported to both the Board of Directors and the Group Management Committee after discussions primarily by the Sustainability Committee and Risk Management Committee (respectively four times annually).
           The CFO, receiving reports on climate related updates and information from the Corporate Planning Department, operates the Sustainability Committee, which discusses initiatives and plans. The Chief Risk Officer, receiving reports on climate-related risks from risk management departments, operates the Risk Management Committee, which monitors risk, return, capital and the status of risk management, and discusses and coordinates important matters.
Decision Making and Supervision
Board of Directors Reporting
Supervision
Execution of Tasks
Group Management Committee Reporting
        Task-Specific Committees
Sustainability Committee
  028 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Administrator Sustainability, Director in charge of Diversity & Inclu- CFO
Chairman of the Board, Executive Vice Chairman, Holdings’ Executive Officer, Director in charge of
sion, Outside Director (1 person)
Risk Management Committee
 Administrator Security Officer (CISO) CRO
Holdings’ Executive Officer, Chief Information

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       Strategy
Strategy: Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
Climate change poses risks in such areas as rapid social and economic changes resulting from the increasing scale of natural disasters and the transition to a carbon-free society.
While ensuring financial soundness and stable profits, the Group undertakes duties of insurance claims for damage caused by natural disasters such as typhoons and floods in the form of insurance payments. At the same time, we are pursuing initiatives for disaster prevention and mitigation both in Japan and overseas.
In addition, we are contributing to the realization of a resilient and sustainable society by promoting efforts to support the development of new technologies to reduce the risk of climate change and efforts to reduce the environmental impact of our business activities.
Climate-Related Risks
Sometimes damage from natural disasters such as typhoons becomes huge and increases the amount of insurance payouts. If the impact of climate change worsens major natural disasters, there is a risk that insurance payments will be large. The Group prepares for such payments through reinsurance, catastrophe bond arrangements and maintaining appropriate catastrophe reserves.
In fiscal 2019, the common reinsurance special contracts newly entered into by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance worked effectively, and we were able to secure stable profits for the fiscal year.
We will continue to control the retained amount of natural catastrophe risk, considering the effects of climate change, while securing the capital necessary to maintain financial soundness.
We are also promoting reform of our business portfolio by expanding earnings in the international and life insurance businesses. Through the geographic and business diversification of these businesses, we are working to build a more stable earnings base and increase resilience to large-scale natural disasters.
In addition, in preparation for frequent natural disasters, we are utilizing digital technology to build a system that allows customers who have suffered damage to receive insurance payouts as soon as possible. We have also started a new loss survey method using drones and AI.
Akibare Re 2020-1 catastrophe bond
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, via Singapore-domiciled special-purpose company Akibare Re Pte. Ltd. in March 2020 issued catastrophe bond Akibare Re 2020-1 (issue amount US$100 million), which will provide MSI with protection against typhoon risk and flood risk in Japan.
The frequency of large-scale natural disasters is raising uncertainty for the reinsurance market. Therefore, it has been decided to issue the bond to secure long-term stable cover by diversifying reinsurance procurement methods while reducing its net retained risk amount.
     In addition to the occurrence of natural disasters, the Group recognizes that climate change could have the following medium- to long-term effects.
● Changes in weather such as little rain, drought and reduced water supply
● Tightening environmental regulations and progress of technological innovation to tackle the advance and impact of
climate change
● Increase in litigation related to environmental disasters
● Increases in reinsurance premiums due to frequent natural disasters and growth in the scale of such disasters
● Increase in the incidence of heat stroke and infectious diseases due to rising temperatures
● Changes in the industrial structure aimed at realizing a carbon-free society
● Deterioration in investment returns in sectors affected by rising carbon prices and reduced demand for fossil fuels
While recognizing increasing risks in such areas, we are monitoring their impact on the Group’s business and utilizing them in our business strategies. We have also started dialogue with investee companies on the impact of climate-related risks on business activities.
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 029
Special Report
For a resilient and sustainable society
  
  Climate-Related Opportunities
Based on the MS&AD Group’s Story of Value Creation, we have been promoting Creating Shared Value (CSV) initiatives under our medium-term management plan “Vision 2021” from fiscal 2018. We have positioned “contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation” as one of our seven key CSV initiatives.
Addressing climate change is an important issue for sustainable business development, and we are analyzing the medium- to long-term risks of climate change. The Group also provides risk consulting services related to climate change and support for the formulation of strategy and information disclosure.
● Free provision of the website “Prediction Map Showing Changes in Flood Frequencies”
● “Climate change risk analysis service” that assesses and analyzes the physical risks related to climate change and the business risks
associated with the transition to a decarbonized society. In June 2020, we began offering, in partnership with Jupiter Intelligence of the
United States, the “Climate Change Impact Assessment Service for TCFD,” a global climate change impact assessment service. ● A service for the analysis and evaluation of future water-related risks (e.g., water depletion, water pollution, floods)
Physical risks such as extreme weather and natural disasters will increase as the average global temperature rises. We are striving to provide information and risk consulting services to prevent or minimize losses when these risks become reality.
● We offer a “Weather Information Alert Service” that provides weather information relating to customers’ specified business
locations and sends out alert e-mail messages.
● Our smartphone app “Suma-Ho Disaster Navigator” helps users to remain safe and secure during large-scale natural disasters.
Initiatives to use RisTech for disaster prevention/mitigation
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, in partnership with Accenture, provides a new service, RisTech, to assist companies’ accident and natural disaster prevention and mitigation. With this service, data scientists carry out data analytics utilizing big data and the latest analysis algorithms. The service supports disaster prevention through advanced data analysis. This includes determining optimal evacuation routes by combining meteorological data such as river water levels and data accumulated through insurance underwriting such as rates of damage by building structure and estimated damage in the event of a large-scale disaster.
Launch of a real-time loss prediction website“cmap.dev,”which predicts the number of buildings damaged due to typhoons, heavy rains and earthquakes
As one of our joint research efforts, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, Aon Group Japan Co., Ltd.,
and Yokohama National University launched the world’s first1 loss prediction website
“cmap.dev ” in June 2019. This forecasts the number of damaged buildings and damage
ratios in the event of a natural disaster from typhoons, heavy rain or earthquakes in real time for each municipality.
Simulation results of past natural disasters and weather information around the world are also available.2 In addition, from June 2020, a function was added that predicts in real time projected damage to buildings before a typhoon makes landfall.
1. Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance survey, June 2019
2. The service is available to the public for free and can be viewed 24 hours a day, 365 days a year from devices such as PCs or smartphones.
It is the mission of insurance companies to promptly cover customers’ financial losses in the event of a natural disaster and to help them restore their lives and resume their businesses. To fulfill that mission, we are working to provide products that meet the needs of our customers.
● We have been promoting flood and earthquake preparedness activities to explain to customers the risks of water disasters and earth- quakes and prepare them for natural disasters by encouraging them to reappraise the risks they face.
● We sell weather derivatives to lessen the financial losses due to unseasonable weather.
● We are one of the underwriters for natural disaster risk under a natural disaster insurance facility established to provide reconstruc-
tion funds promptly to affected countries/regions in cases when natural disasters of a certain scale occur in Pacific Island and Carib-
bean countries.
● We provide insurance for renewable energy including mega-solar and small-scale wind power projects.
● We provide accident prevention and maintenance support for efficient power generation by diagnosing the business and mainte-
nance risks of renewable energy.
 1 Identify and inform on risks
 2 Prevent risks from occurring/Minimize the impact
    3 Reduce the economic burden when risks materialize
030 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
          Scenario Analysis
Strategic resilience in diverse scenarios
The TCFD recommends scenario analysis, which analyzes the impact of climate change on businesses based on future scenarios.
Our initiatives are as follows.
● We have been participating in a project led by the United Nations Environment Program Finance Initiative (UNEP FI), with more than 20 signatory insurance companies of the Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI), from its inception. The project is working on the development of scenario analysis methods for insurers. With reference to the latest climate science and looking at future time frames such as 2030 and 2050, development of analysis methods for assessing the impacts of typhoon physical risks are discussed.
● We have also begun calculating our own carbon footprint and carrying out scenario analyses of our asset management portfolio.
Risk Management
Appropriate management of identified risks (ERM cycle for climate-related risks)
The MS&AD Insurance Group has established the MS&AD Insurance Group Risk Management Basic Policy. The policy identifies the principal types of risk with an impact on the Group’s business. Based on the ERM cycle, those risks are managed in light of capital and balance with profitability.
In addition, climate-related risks are reported to and discussed at the Risk Management Committee and then reported to the Board of Directors and the Group Management Committee.
    Planning phase
● Formulates strategies based on the Group Risk Appetite Statement
● Identifies large-scale natural disasters in Japan and overseas as material risks for the Group and formulates a Management Action Plan
● Identifies climate change as a Group Emerging Risk
Execution phase
● Implement risk taking within the range of the appropriate amount of retained risk
  Monitoring phase
 ● Monitor the status of natural disasters and the Group’s capital conditions
● Consider countermeasures based on monitoring results
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 031
Special Report
For a resilient and sustainable society
  
   1 Managing natural-disaster-related risks
With respect to risk relating to windstorms and floods in Japan and the United States, we set the upper limit (risk limit) of the amount for Group companies based on the losses that can occur with a probability of once in 200 years. In addition to risk measurement of natural disasters and stress tests of large-scale natural disasters, we are undertaking studies on methods of incorporating the effects of climate change into stress tests and methods of quantifying the effects of climate change.
Stress tests
When various stress events occur, we conduct stress tests to confirm the effects of various stress events on capital and risk amounts.
In the stress tests, to complement the limitations of risk measurement by statistical methods, we select scenarios based on information about the Group’s portfolio and risk characteristics and on significant changes in the external environment. In this way, we identify the vulnerability of the portfolio and confirm the necessity and urgency of countermeasures.
We assess the risk amount using statistical methods by region and disaster. Based on this assessment, we maintain decent underwriting, arrange reinsurance, issue catastrophe bonds and provide catastrophe reserve. Through these measures, we are working to improve the financial soundness of the entire Group and to reduce the variable risks of periodic profit/loss.
● Lower natural catastrophe retention on a Group-wide basis
● Lower natural catastrophe retention including that for windstorms and floods in the United States ● Strengthen management of the profitability of the reinsurance business
● Reduce the risk of profit fluctuations
In addition to respective reinsurance coverage of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance for domestic natural catastrophes, we arrange for joint reinsurance treaty coverage shared by the two companies that covers annual aggregate losses. By such means, we are reducing the risk of profit fluctuations. This functioned effectively with respect to the occurrence of domestic natural disasters in fiscal 2019, and we have organized the same level of reinsurance in fiscal 2020.
We are promoting dialogue with investee companies to promote climate-related information disclosure. We are also considering dialogue methods for sustainability issues including climate-related issues.
Metrics and Targets Establishing metrics and targets for managing risk
As a monitoring indicator for our contribution to climate change mitigation and adaptation, the Group has prioritized Creating shared value (CSV initiatives). The results of these approaches are being reflected in the performance-based compensation of
   2 Controlling the retained amount of natural catastrophe risk
 the company’s internal directors.
We have set monitoring indicators for development and improvement of products related to our contribution to climate change mitigation and adaptation. We calculate the economic impact on the Company and the impact on society from our CSV initiatives. The results of these approaches are being reflected in the performance-based compensation of the company’s internal directors.
The Group is working to reduce the environmental impact of its business activities by using reduction rates for total energy consumption and for CO2 emissions as monitoring indicators.
Our aim is to reduce CO2 emissions by 30% by 2020 and by 70% by 2050.
In fiscal 2019, the reduction rate for total energy consumption was 33.4% and the reduction rate for CO2 emissions was 20.7% (versus the base year of fiscal 2009).
We are striving to reduce total paper consumption and contribute to the sustainable use of natural resources.
In addition, we have started measuring the carbon footprint (CO2 equivalent greenhouse gas emissions from business activities) of investee companies and have begun studying the utilization of this information.
〈 Related Information 〉
 Group Management Based on ERM ERM and Risk Management
PP. 76-78
 Impact of natural catastrophes on underwriting profit
P. 126
 CO2 emissions and total energy consumption
P. 51
 Initiatives to strengthen ESG investment
P. 65
 Reduce CO2 emissions under Sustainability the Scope 1, 2 and 3 Report
 1 Creating shared value (CSV initiatives) metrics
 2 Metrics and targets for initiatives to reduce the environmental burden through business activities
 032 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       World Map of Natural Catastrophes in 20191
Climate change is said to be affecting recent extreme weather events including powerful typhoons, hurricanes, torrential rainfall, droughts and heat waves throughout many parts of the world. The scale of each disaster is also increasing, causing damage in countries around the world that far exceeds previous expectations.
The MS&AD Insurance Group has helped its customers mitigate economic losses caused by major disasters through the payment of claims, supporting the restoration of business activities and the livelihoods of people around the world.
         Europe
March Storm Insured loss2
EMEA 1
¥130.6 billion
¥0.03 billion 0.02%
APAC 2
Typhoon Faxai
MS&AD’s share4
Japan
October Insured loss2
APAC 1
Typhoon Hagibis
Japan
September Insured loss2
¥653.0 billion (¥465.6 billion)
¥979.5 billion (¥582.6 billion)
      MS&AD’s net
MS&AD’s net
MS&AD’s net incurred loss5
MS&AD’s share4
Americas 1
¥435.3 billion
¥45.9 billion
3 incurred loss
5 incurred loss
¥48.1 billion
  MS&AD’s share4
7.37% (10.33%7)
4.68% (7.87%7)
       USA
May to July
Insured loss2
Flooding
               Europe
June
Storm
EMEA 2
¥88.7 billion
¥0.26 billion 0.29%
MS&AD’s
net incurred loss3
MS&AD’s share4
USA
May Tornado Insured loss2
MS&AD’s
net incurred loss3
MS&AD’s share4
APAC 3
¥70.7 billion
¥0.01 billion 0.01%
¥0.0 billion 0.00%
Americas 2
¥391.8 billion
¥0.11 billion 0.03%
USA and the Caribbean
 Insured loss2
MS&AD’s
net incurred loss3
MS&AD’s share4
Europe (Spain)
EMEA 3
China
June
Americas 3
           September
Insured loss2
MS&AD’s
net incurred loss3
MS&AD’s share4
¥71.3 billion
¥0.0 billion 0.00%
Insured loss2
MS&AD’s
net incurred loss3
MS&AD’s share4
Insured loss2
MS&AD’s
net incurred loss3
MS&AD’s share4
¥381.0 billion
¥9.4 billion 2.47%
Flooding
Flooding
September Hurricane Dorian
    1. The three most costly insurance market losses from natural catastrophes for the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and APAC (Asia and Oceania) during 2019 as listed in Aon’s “Weather, Climate & Catastrophe Insight- 2019 Annual Report”
2. Insured loss: Estimated amount of insurance market loss covered by non-life insurance companies around the world (Source: Aon’s “Weather, Climate & Catastrophe Insight- 2019 Annual Report”). Exchange rate: US$1 = ¥108.83 (used for internal purposes at the end of FY2019)
3. As of December 31, 2019. Total net incurred loss (claims paid + outstanding claims, reflects recoverable and anticipated recoverable amounts from outward reinsurance contracts) by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and their overseas subsidiaries. Excludes claims less than ¥50 million at entities outside the affected countries.
4. Ratio of total net incurred loss of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and their overseas subsidiaries to the insured loss. 5. As of March 31, 2020. Total net incurred loss of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance.
6. As of March 31, 2020. Insurance claims paid in Japan (includes estimates) (Source: The General Insurance Association of Japan)
7. Ratio of total incurred losses by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance to Note 6 above.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 033
Special Report
For a resilient and sustainable society
  
 Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 MS&AD’s Path to Realizing Our Image of Society
The MS&AD Insurance Group is on the verge of creating the world-leading insurance and financial services group that we have pursued since our founding through the story of value creation with our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. As part of the medium-term management plan“Vision 2021”launched in fiscal 2018, the Group set forth a“Resilient and Sustainable Society”as the image of society we aim to achieve in 2030 and has charted sustained growth by managing the Group based on the creation of shared value with society (CSV).
   New Frontier 2013
(FY2010‒FY2013)
[Achievements] We steadily undertook initiatives geared toward returning the domestic non-life insurance business to profitability and moved forward in securing financial soundness. In addition, we made progress with Group business integration, including the building of common platform systems for the domestic non-life insurance business, and we clarified the shape of Group business integration as a result of reorganization by function in 2013.
[Issues] Buffeted by large-scale natural catastrophes, including the Great East Japan Earthquake and floods in Thailand in 2011, the Group Core Profit target for the final year was revised downward. Furthermore, due to large-scale insurance payments on account of record-breaking snowfall in the Kanto Koshinetsu region in February 2014, the Company ended up missing its targets for Group Core Profit and Group ROE.
2,541.4
1.8
1.9
0.8%
278.0
-
-
18.0
4.4
4.5%
2,809.5
333.5
-
-
Next Challenge 2017
(FY2014‒FY2017)
Development of the Story
of Value Creation
 Founding of the Group
The MS&AD Insurance Group was founded with the mission of“contributing to the development of a vibrant society and helping secure a sound future for the planet”
Advance Group integration based on the story of value creation and realizing our mission
 ▶Improve profitability in the domestic non-life  insurance business
▶Ensure financial soundness
    FY2010 Results
FY2013
Results Initial targets Revised targets
Numerical Management Targets
Group ROE1
Consolidated Net Premiums Written
Combined Ratio (Domestic Non-Life Insurance) Annualized Premiums of Policies in Force (life insurance)2 Increase in EV3 of MSI Aioi Life
1. The definitions for Adjusted Profit and Adjusted ROE identified as numerical management targets have been revised under the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021.”
2. Figures for MSI Aioi Life (excluding group insurance). The figure for FY2010 is the total for MSI Kirameki Life and Aioi Life. 3. “EV” stands for embedded value. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 98) for details.)
4. FY2017 numerical management targets are revised higher from the initial FY2016 targets.
    6.5
4.1
47.8
24.4
15.0
30.0
5.0
7.0%
2,700.0
330.0
-
-
15.0
30.0
5.0
7.0%
2,700.0
330.0
-
-
FY2017
Results Results Initial targets Revised targets4
FY2014
92.4
20.4
38.2
2,940.7
4.6
5.9%
96.0%
59.7
-
190.1
34.3
(125.0)
3,446.9
5.6
3.7%
92.8%
41.3
-
100.0
16.0
39.0
95% or less
more than 45.0
6.0
7.0%
3,100.0
-
(¥ billion)
  Group Core Profit1
  Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business   Domestic Life Insurance Business   International Business
  Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business
14.5 94.8 150.0 110.0
100.0
60.0
155.7 105.0 160.0 220.0
135.0
15.0
66.0
3,570.0
93% range
more than 50.0
5.0
7.5%
-
 034 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
▶Enhance earning power in the domestic  non-life insurance business
▶Improve capital efficiency
[Achievements] We made progress in reorganization by function, while restoring profitability in the domestic non-life insurance business and putting in place a stable earnings foundation. We also realized improved capital efficiency and built a platform for growth by strengthening ERM and promoting sales of strategic equity holdings and investments in overseas businesses.
[Issues] Due to lower earnings in the international business and failure to make progress in geographical diversification of the business portfolio from domestic to overseas, we did not achieve the targeted international business profit ratio of 50%.
              General Overview
Management Issues
                  
  CEO Message
Who We Are
Special Report
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
        Resilient and sustainable society
 Stage 1
Develop management
based on CSV
Realize sustainable growth by creating shared value through corporate activities
▶Achieve medium-term aspirations
▶Build resilient systems that can respond to  changes in the environment
Image of society in 2030
 Vision 2021
(FY2018‒FY2021)
         Stage 2
 FY2019 Progress Status
Medium-term aspirations (FY2021 targets)
 Scale
 5th (FORTUNE GLOBAL 500 2019, P&C)
Within the top 10 non-life insurance
g r o u p s i n t h e w o r l d d
   Capital efficiency
8.0%
Group Adjusted ROE 10%
 Financial soundness
186% (Reference: 204% at the time of UFR application)
  ESR 180%‒220%
 Portfolio diversity
 46%
  5 5 0 0 % % ( ( p p r r o o fi fi t t b b a a s s i i s s) ) i i n n
i i
c c
 o t h e r t h a n t h e d o m e s t
t non-life insurance
 business
  Strategic equity holdings ratio
26.1% of integrated risk amount 9.2% of consolidated total assets
Strategic equity holding
s below 30% of the
and below 10% of consolidated total asse
g
e
s
t
s
 integrated risk amoun
n
t
 t
t
s
  Profitability
Excluding natural disasters EI combined ratio of 91.4%
  e e
domestic non-life insurance business stable at 95% or less
C o m b i n e d r a t i o i n t h h
        [Achievements] The domestic non-life insurance business maintained an industry-leading premium growth rate, while the domestic life insurance business worked to maintain and expand the stable earnings foundation by building a groundwork for profits in the future. Despite the impacts of natural disasters and COVID-19, Group Adjusted ROE achieved a level that generally approached the target.
[Issues] Although diversification to the life insurance business has progressed smoothly, the international business saw a delay in MS Amlin's return to profitability, thereby postponing achievement of business portfolio diversification in some regions. As long as society continues to refrain from economic activity due to the impact of COVID-19, we will prioritize expense reductions through greater productivity. After the situation returns to normal, we will capture the changes in the operating environment as opportunities and work to achieve a greater level of growth.
    Issues
Reform the portfolio (business portfolio diversification)
Capital efficiency
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 035
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 Stage 1 Achievements and Issues
Achievements
Maintained and expanded a stable earnings foundation
Advanced growth and efficiency through the Group’s comprehensive strengths
Achieved reduction targets for strategic equity holdings Advanced sustainability initiatives
Improved the foundation for promoting digitalization
       
  Toward Medium-Term Growth
Working toward the realization of a resilient and sustainable society, we will promote initiatives that lead to medium- and long-term growth by accurately identifying the risks and opportunities that arise from the ever-changing business environment.
  Recognition of the Business Environment
Society
● Increase of intensity and frequency of natural disasters such as wind and flood damage and major earthquakes
● Expansion of regional conflicts, expansion and consolidation of disparities such as that between poverty and wealth, increase of immigrants/refugees
● Greater motivation for global-scale initiatives targeted at solving social issues
● Excellent performance of post-millennials
● Major change in concept of values/lifestyle
● Decrease in total population in Japan, advancement of regional
depopulation/promotion of regional construction
● Further advancement of falling birthrates and aging populations
among developed countries
● Effect and rebound associated with the Tokyo Olympics and
Paralympics
● Penetration of “new lifestyles,” spread of a surveillance society and
avoidance of high-density urban areas for the purpose of COVID-19 countermeasures
Politics
● Dealing with climate change (the Paris Agreement), reinforcement of regulations toward a carbon-free society
● Strengthening capital regulations (Risk-based Global Insurance Capital Standard (ICS))
● Rise of protectionism and populism
● Reinforcement of regulations such as legislation on human rights
protection and personal information protection regulations
● Rising momentum for new international cooperation through
COVID-19 countermeasures
● Review of self-sufficiency rate for food and healthcare (security)
● Change in soft law (revision of Stewardship Code) and ongoing
demands to reduce strategic equity holdings
Economy
● Recovery from COVID-19 effects, extended economic recession, global low interest rates
● Review of trade friction and trade agreements
● Expansion of ESG investment, rise in requests for disclosure
about climate change (TCFD)
● Acceleration of social inflation (more sophisticated
compensation)
● Decrease in car sales, number of vehicles owned and housing
construction in Japan
● Expansion of the sharing economy
● Review of the supply chain (return to domestic production from
global division of labor)
Technology
Risks and Opportunities by Social Issue
Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
           Risks
● Changes in the nature of existing businesses (e.g., conventional automobile insurance)
● Increase in insurance claims due to frequent, large-scale natural catastrophes
● Emergence of new risks due to the greater use of IoT and the post-digital era
● Growing asset management risks
Opportunities
● Construction of new business models (e.g., telematics insurance, InsurTech)
● Market developments along new sales channels
● Development of new insurance schemes to cover losses caused by large scale natural disasters, etc., and growing need for the establishment of BCPs
● Creation of new markets from the emergence of new risks (e.g., drones, cyber, sharing)
● Risk management and product development stemming from the use of Big Data
      Risks
● Shifts in lifestyles and industrial structures associated with the transition to a carbon-free society
● Erosion of the business environment foundation due to the depletion of natural capital
Opportunities
● Growing needs for evaluation and analysis of climate change and natural capital risk ● Flourishing growth in ESG investment and
lending, such as Green Bonds
● Needs for new insurance arising from
growth in new businesses related to
decarbonization and resource efficiency
● Mitigation of climate change risks because of the penetration of remote workstyles
The global environment approaching its limit
    Mounting burden of nursing/medical care associated with an aging population
 Risks
● Slowing growth coinciding with the maturation of domestic insurance markets
● Increase in automobile accidents caused by elderly drivers
● Reconsideration of solicitation methods as policyholders age
● Emergence of new risks associated with advanced medical care
Opportunities
● Increase in the need for asset-building and asset-inheritance devices for a super-aging society
● Expansion in the demand for services related to nursing care and dementia
● Greater awareness of health promotion and disease prevention
● Greater medical coverage due to changes in the social security system and advances in medical technology
    Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
 ● ●
●
● ●
●
Appearance of new business models via digital platformers Penetration of 5th-generation mobile communication system (5G), post 5G
Development of new automobile technology (CASE, safety support car, MaaS)
Boom of data-related business, threat of Big Data monopoly Cashless payment, etc., further penetration of digital technology into everyday life in Japan (realization of Society 5.0)
Development of advanced digital technologies that support “new lifestyles” and expansion of the coinciding cyber risk
Risks
● Slowing growth and expanding inequality in emerging markets due to geopolitical risks
● Contraction in rural markets due to regional depopulation in Japan
● Greater damage caused by natural catastrophes and delayed recovery efforts
Opportunities
● Stronger demand for insurance due to a growing middle class under the assumption of robust development in emerging economies
● Greater awareness among local governments related to preventing and reducing disasters
● Advancement in regional vitalization because of the penetration of remote workstyles, and growth in new insurance needs coinciding with such
● Stronger needs for services that support regional revitalization
   036
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      Solution-driving CSV Initiative Cases
                     Deal with new risks
Safer mobility society
Resilient community development
Climate change mitigation and adaptation
Improve the sustainability of natural capital
Support “good health and
longevity”
Work toward the realization of
“leaving no one behind”
Products to address cyber risk
Provide support for cybersecurity countermeasures and compensation in preparation for damages resulting from the unlikely event of a cyberattack
Impact on Society
Companies/organizations protected against cyber risks
Approx. 12,300
Approx. 9,800
FY2018 FY2019
Reduction rate of claims paid to said corporate customers1
Economic Impact on the Company
Policy growth rate 25.2% YoY
  10.1% YoY FY2018
FY2019
     Telematics-based safe driving
No. of corporate customers2 Approx. 2,800
   support services
  Provide services that support safe driving based on telematics technology for corporate customers
1. Comparison of claims payments before
and after introduction of “Sasaeru NAVI” 2. Number of companies that have
introduced “Smart Navi,” “F-Drive” and “Sasaeru NAVI (including Lite)”
Regional revitalization initiatives in collaboration with local governments
Provide products and services that solve regional social issues in cooperation with local governments
Comprehensive Coverage Plan for Mega-Solar Power Generation
The provision of combined insurance and derivative compensation products to mega-solar operators
*Calculation based on national average power generation results from NEDO solar field test and the default values of emission factors by electric utility.
36.5%
FY2018
25.3%
FY2019
Approx. 1,400 FY2018
FY2019
             Number of collaborations with local governments
374
283
FY2018 FY2019
Ripple effect on premiums income (FY2019)
Approx. ¥9.5 billion
No. of new policies Approx. 7,100
              Power generation volume under the Comprehensive Coverage Plan for Mega-Solar Power Generation and volume equivalent to CO2 emitted* from thermal power
  More than 1,700,000 tons
FY2018
More than 3,000,000 tons
FY2019
Approx. 4,600 FY2018
FY2019
             Simplified evaluations of
Ratio of facilities where water shortage risks are high (total)*
42.0% 40.7% FYE2018 FYE2019
Total amount paid (average amount received)
Total no. of evaluated facilities 224 244
 water-related risks
 Assess flooding, drought and other water resource risks at business locations, and support business from the perspective of risk management
*Facilities with a water stress value (ratio of water intake accounted by annual water supply volume) above 40%
Tontine annuities that support future asset formation
A foreign-currency-denominated individual annuity insurance that meets the “usage” needs of customers who receive a greater amount of annuity the longer they live
Dementia“Kobe Model”
Accident relief program linked to dementia regulations. Three-pronged scheme consisting of insurance, early screening and accident prevention
1. Total number of applicants from the start (January 28, 2019) of the program (preliminary results as of March 31, 2020)
2. Approximate cost (FY2019-FY2021) of the “Kobe Model”
FYE2018
FYE2019
             ¥1.9 billion (¥640,000)
FY2018
¥3.4 billion (¥600,000)
FY2019
No. of policies
Approx. 27,000
Approx. 13,000
FY2018 FY2019
Premiums income three-year total (estimate)2
Approx. ¥390million
           No. of Kobe residents who have applied for dementia screening1
       8,598
End of May 2019
21,446
End of March 2020
  037

       Creation of Business Opportunities Toward Further Growth
Future Image of Society
                   Advancement of a digital society
The importance of cybersecurity has grown as the digital society has evolved. Methods that defend against cyber risks on multiple levels will unquestionably become important in responding to increasingly sophisticated, complex cyberattacks. The Group deploys multifaceted services in cooperation with outside partners.
Safe, next-generation mobility
It is assumed that the shift to autonomous driving, electrification and other new initiatives will advance the use of connectivity as a core technology. However, progress in vehicle connectivity and autonomous driving technology are unquestionably two sides of the same coin with the emergence of new risks. The Group continues to propose forms of support that capture the needs of the times.
Sustainable community development
Resilient community development requires the pursuit of safety and security, as well as the creation of sustainable employment, based on disaster prevention and mitigation initiatives. The Group provides various forms of support for regional economic revitalization that leverage regional characteristics.
Realizing a decarbonized society
The Group supports the greater use of renewable energy from the sidelines through appropriate preparations for damage/loss caused by weather disasters as well as innovations to bring about a decarbonized society by offering insurance and consulting services.
Business management leveraging natural capital
Corporate sustainability is linked to the sustainable use of natural capital that is leveraged to produce goods and services, and is therefore now recognized as an ESG risk. The Group has focused on building a sustainable relationship between natural capital and business activities from early on and provides related risk assessment services.
Preparing for the“100-Year Life”society
The average life span in Japan has been increasing yearly. Against a backdrop of intensifying demand for planned asset building based on individual efforts in order to live a more enriching life after retirement, the Group provides products that support asset building for elderly customers in heading toward a “100-year life” society.
Next-generation healthcare through collaboration with industry, government and academia
Partnerships with various sectors are essential for seeking out solutions to problems in an aging society and for ensuring that no one is left behind. The Group aims to realize a society that is amicable for everyone by building health platforms that suit regional characteristics in cooperation with industry, government and academia.
Japan’s Cybersecurity Service Market ¥834 billion in 2019
▼
¥999.4 billion in 2024
Source: IDC Japan Press Release “Domestic Information Security Market Forecast Announcement for the Second Half of 2019” ( June 24, 2020)
New car sales for connected vehicles (global)
31.2 million in 2019
▼
94.2 million in 2035
Source: Fuji Keizai “Future Outlook for Connected Car, V2X and Autonomous Driving Related Markets 2020”
Regional revitalization budget, etc.
¥1,856.8 billion in 2019
▼
¥2,508.9 billion in 2020
Source: Cabinet Secretariat, Cabinet Office Headquarters for Overcoming Population Decline and Vitalizing Local Economy in Japan “Regional Revitalization Budget”
Electricity accounted for by renewable energy in Japan
16% in 2017
▼ 22%‒24% in 2030
Source: Agency for Natural Resources and Energy, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry “Japan’s Energy in 2019”
Global ESG investments
$22,890 billion in 2016
▼
$30,683 billion in 2018
Source: GSIA “2018 Global Sustainable Investment Review”
Household consumption expenditure estimate among those older than 70 (annual)
¥53,000 billion in 2014
▼
¥62,000 billion in 2025
Source: YOMIKO, R&D Estimates
Japan’s healthcare market scale (estimate)
¥25,000 billion in 2016
▼
¥33,000 billion in 2025
Source: Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, Next-Generation Healthcare Industrial Council “Future Discussions of the Next-Generation Healthcare Industrial Council”
Deal with new risks
 ・Multifaceted cybersecurity ・Insurance products and services that
address new viruses
・Coverage on sharing businesses ・Coverage for telework ・On-demand“1-day Leisure
Insurance”
Safer mobility society
・Drive recorder type automobile insurance ・Telematics automobile insurance
・Safe driving support smartphone app ・Automobile insurance for truck convoys
operating with unmanned trailing vehicles ・Next-generation automobile insurance
research and development
Resilient community development
                        ・SME business SDG support ・Proposals for disaster
prevention/mitigation and BCP ・Expertise regarding green
infrastructure
・Initiatives for realizing“an inclusive
  society”
Climate change mitigation and adaptation
           ・Climate change risk assessment ・Weather derivatives
・Support for renewable energy
  businesses
・Pacific Catastrophe Risk
Assessment and Financing Initiative
          Improve the sustainability of natural capital
 ・Natural capital risk assessment ・Simplified evaluations of
 water-related risks ・Environmental supply chain
consulting ・Biodiversity-conscious land-use
  consulting
         Support“good health and longevity”
・Smartphone app for maintaining physical and mental fitness
・Health & productivity management support products
・Products for welfare/nursing care providers
・Self-help-style asset building
・Coverage for nursing care and dementia
Work toward the realization of “leaving No one behind”
・Relief system for dementia accidents ・Support for raising public awareness
Japan ・Microinsurance ・Agricultural insurance
              about foster care systems ・Training for foreign residents in
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 038
Resilient and sustainable society

  CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
        CSV Initiatives Promoted by MS&AD
Future image of society by 2030
Resilient and sustainable society
     Resilient
The ability to minimize damage from unforeseen circumstances, adapt to new environments and return to growth
Materiality Analysis
Sustainable
The ability to maintain a balance among the economy, environment and society, and to ensure that the global environment and social systems will remain in place throughout future generations.
  In light of social issues and the Group’s business, we analyzed items based on where we can make a significant contribution to social sustainability together with issues that have a major impact on the Group’s long-term growth in the areas of economy (E), society (S) and organizational governance (G). From this process, we extracted seven priority issues (materiality). These seven priority issues are recognized as our challenges for CSV (Creating Shared Value) that create value for both society and the Group.
 Work toward the realization of “leaving no one behind”
Strive for resilient community development
Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation Deal with new risks
Create a mobility society without accidents
Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
Support “good health and longevity”
 The level of impact on the long-term growth of the MS&AD Insurance Group
Social and Economic Impact of CSV Initiatives
For the purpose of promoting CSV initiatives and improving the quality of such initiatives, the Group estimates the value that these initiatives provide to society (social impact) and the economic value that they provide to the Group (economic impact). See “Solution-driving CSV Initiative Cases” on P. 37 for specific examples.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 039
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 The level of contribution to society’s sustainability

  Progress of the Medium-Term Management Plan
Vision 2021 (FY2018‒FY2021)
Numerical Management Targets
In the medium-term management plan “Vision 2021”, the Group is working toward the goals of becoming a “world-leading insurance and financial services group,” which has served as the “vision” for the MS&AD Insurance Group since our founding, and of “developing a resilient system” that will realize sustainable growth. During Stage 1, which lasted through fiscal 2019, of the indicators raised as our medium-term aspirations, we achieved each of the targets for scale, financial soundness, reductions in strategic equity holdings and profitability.
Meanwhile, considering the delay in recovery of profits in the international business and the impact on asset management coinciding with changes in the economic
Financial Targets
environment following the emergence of COVID-19, we corrected the Group Adjusted Profit target for the final year of Vision 2021 from ¥350 billion to ¥300 billion.
Against this backdrop, we will leave the Group Adjusted ROE target value unchanged as we continue to advance initiatives to streamline the business. Despite the uncertain outlook due to the impact of COVID-19, we will prioritize expense reductions through productivity improvements, capture the changes in the business environment as opportunities and strive to further enhance the earnings strength of the Group as a whole in order to realize the final targets for fiscal 2021.
(¥ billion)
       Group Adjusted Profit
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings)
Domestic Life Insurance Business
International Business
Financial Services Business/ Risk-Related Services Business
Group Adjusted ROE
ESR (Economic Solvency Ratio)
FY2018
189.8
146.9 (65.1)
31.6
3,500.4
1,599.9
5.4
5.8 6.1%
819.4
199%
FY2019
233.1
119.5 (98.4)
29.7
49.4
4.8 8.0%
3,573.7
1,393.4
890.2
186%
FY2020 FY2021 Forecast Targets
180.0
130.0 (117.0)
25.0
20.0
5.0 6.1%
3,400.0
1,004.0
912.0
300.0
177.0 (150.0)
41.0
75.0
7.0 10.0%
 -
180%- 220%
    Consolidated net premiums written
Life insurance premiums (Gross premiums)
EEV of MSI Aioi Life
Sales Target of Strategic Equity Holdings
3,580.0 1,000.0 962.0
¥399.9 billion - 
          Total sales target (FY2017‒FY2021)
Risk weight to integrated risk amount (before the risk diversification effect)
Fair value weight in consolidated total assets
¥500.0 billion
Less than 30%
Less than 10%
FY2017 FY2018
¥151.3 billion
32.7% 
12.7% 
¥136.7 billion
28.8% 
10.9% 
FY2019
¥111.8 billion
26.1% 
9.2% 
Total
    - 
 040 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
“

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       “Vision 2021”
In line with “Vision 2021,” the Group formulated and is undertaking the Medium-Term Sustainability Plan,* which is composed of the CSV initiatives(seven priority issues) and the core initiatives (“Quality that earns the trust of society” and “Management platforms that enable employees to play active roles”) and defined KPIs.
During Stage 1, particularly in light of changes in the operating environment, such as increasing interest from society and expanded ESG investments, we prioritized “Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation,” “Improve Sustainability of Natural Capital” and “Respect Human Rights,” based on which we discussed the Group’s stance* and advanced initiatives. Through the Sustainability Contest (P. 74), seminars, study groups and other activities regarding the challenges for CSV, we deepened the understanding of
CSV and SDGs among employees and expanded practical initiatives in the insurance business. One remaining issue, however, is the limited number of initiatives that link the various stakeholders and connect to the medium- to long-term development and growth of our business.
In Stage 2, we will contribute to the solutions for these problems, including social issues that have arisen in an era of living with COVID-19, and we will further promote initiatives that also connect to the growth of the Group.
Moreover, initiatives designed to reduce the burden on the environment will strive to further reduce CO2 emissions, total energy consumption and paper consumption.
*For details on sustainability initiatives, visit the official website.
Non-Financial Indicators
Development and improvement of products for creating shared value with society
Key related SDGs
Customer satisfaction survey about insurance contract procedures
Customer satisfaction survey about payment of insurance claims
CO2 emission reduction rate
Total energy consumption
Paper consumption
A checkmark
indicates that FY2019 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
For the seven key issues (P. 13), decide on four methods of approach and periodically ascertain progress qualitatively.
Four methods of approach
 Indicator
Creating Shared Value with Society (CSV initiatives)
 Fiscal 2019 Achievements
● Initiative Cases: Special Feature (PP. 66‒75)
● Social/Economic Impact: “Solution-driving CSV Initiative Cases”(P. 37)
● Sustainability Report
Group Targets for Fiscal 2019 Onward
      Provision of products and services Research and policy recommendations
Investments and financing Contributions to society
    Quality that earns the trust of society
 Indicators Fiscal 2019 Group Targets for (related pages) Achievements Fiscal 2019 Onward
  Quality improvement
 97.7%
96.6%*
  Reduction of the environmental burden (P. 51)
 -20.7%
943,090 GJ (-33.4%)
11,080 t (+5.1%)
Management platforms
that enable employees to play active roles
  Indicators Fiscal 2019 Group Targets for (related pages) Achievements Fiscal 2019 Onward
  Diversity & inclusion (P. 51, PP. 79‒82)
   The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% by 2020 and by 70% by 2050 versus the base year (FY2009)
Lower than the previous fiscal year
Ratio of female managers (domestic)
Employee satisfaction (“working vigorously”)
14.8%
4.5 points
15% (FY2020)
Thesamelevelorhighercompared withthepreviousfiscalyear
   Key monitoring indicators other than sustainability KPIs ● Number and ratio of global employees (P. 51)
● Ratio of employees with disabilities (P. 80)
  Health management (P. 15, P. 82)
    Employee satisfaction “Pride, job satisfaction”
Number of
annual paid holidays taken
Ratio of taking fully paid paternity leave
Number of employees participating in social contribution activities
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
 4.4 points
  15.7 days
   27,673 people
64.6%
  *Taget: Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissey Dowa Insurance/Mitsui Direct General/Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
●Sustainability https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/csr.html
●MS&AD Insurance Group and Sustainability ●Our Sustainability Priorities 
●Our Value Creation Approach 
●Products and services that contribute to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)  ●ESG Data/Reference Material
 Website content
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 041
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 
  By employing the Group’s resources to the maximum, we will realize sustainable growth and enhance corporate value.
We will pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths, one of which is diversity, and meet the expectations of customers and other stakeholders.
We will respond flexibly to changes in the environment and further improve quality and productivity. “Vision 2021”Stage 1 General Overview
 Basic
Strategies
  Pursuing the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
Key Strategy 1
Realize improvements in growth and productivity by enhancing our presence in the market through joint initiatives between Group companies
  ● Each and every measure toward productivity improvement/quality improvement, such as joint development of products, and joint efforts at the sales department/the claims services department made progress.
・Dashcam-based automobile insurance (Mimamoru)
・Cyber risk and cybersecurity platform
・Joint efforts at branch offices countrywide
・Setting up of joint bases at the occurrence of natural disasters, etc.
● Established Group-wide working groups for each issue and promoted the review of operations.
・Projects to “utilize/extend/increase” founded on a core of human asset exchanges and joint initiatives at the front line
・Projects to “stop/eliminate/reduce” founded on a core of reduced work volume as well as of standardized logistics for printing and head office functions
 Promote Digitalization
Communication Meeting (Okinawa Branch)
● “Proposals for Preparedness against Flood and Earthquakes” jointly developed with agents of both companies
● Leveraging the strengths of both companies to develop new businesses
● Increase operational efficiency by sharing and eliminating overlapping administrative operations and sharing administrative know-how
● Joint human assets development training
● Group presence-up through regional revitalization initiatives such
as activities to eradicate drunk driving
Built a global platform as the foundation for promoting digitalization.
Developing digitally minded human assets
● Developed a program (MS&AD Garage) in Silicon Valley to allow practitioners in Japan and overseas to uncover advanced technologies that help resolve issues
● Digitally minded human resources are being developed in collaboration with Toyo University (INIAD), Shiga University, Kyoto University of Advanced Science and other institutions
● Idea contests such as the Challenge Program have been organized
Key Strategy 2
Establishment of CVC and investment in start-ups
     ● In October 2018, we established a corporate venture capital (CVC) in Silicon Valley
● Aiming to acquire technologies with a medium-term perspective, venture investments (in 33 companies as of end March 2020) were made and business tie-ups with Group companies have seen progress
 Global Platform
  Running various promotional measures
● Digital tools such as chatbots and RPA are utilized to reform business processes
● Introduction of agent sales support systems equipped with AI (February 2020)
● Launch of telematics and dashcam-based automobile insurance (Mimamoru・Tsunagaru) and claims service
Global coordination of expertise
  Key Strategy 3
Initiatives for Expanding International Business
Diversification of Risk Portfolio (Reduction of strategic equity holdings)
Risk weight of strategic equity holdings in integrated risk amount
● Global digital hubs (GDHs) were established in Singapore and Tokyo as places to consider organic business coordination at the global level
● Partnerships were formed with an Israel-based firm promoting innovation (FinTLV, SOSA)
● Rolling out expertise and technologies of start-up companies to overseas entities and launched collaborative efforts
Reform Our Portfolio Reformed the Group’s business portfolio and risk portfolio to create a stable earnings base.
  Overall Business
● Built a platform for a world-leading insurance and financial services group
1Leveraging the strengths (e.g., skills, networks) of each Group company across regions
2Speedier decision-making that can respond to rapid changes in the environment
<Issues>
MS Amlin
● Improved the loss ratio on non-cat lines by improving underwriting terms and conditions
<Issues> The recovery in profitability has been behind plan
Asia
● Achieved the No. 1 position in the ASEAN region with MS First Capital joining the group
● New investment in Myanmar and additional investment in Sri Lanka
Telematics and Mobility
● Promoted across a five-region structure of Europe, Americas, Asia, China and Japan
● Advancement of the CASE/MaaS fields
Head Office Reinsurance
● Improved profitability and reduced risk from wind and flooding damage in the United States
International Life Insurance
● Equity-method affiliation for Challenger
● Integration of ReAssure with Phoenix
● Agreement to invest in BoCommLife Insurance in China
 Target below 30%
28.8%
26.1%
2019 (FYE)
32.7%
2017 2018
     Fair value weight of strategic equity holdings in consolidated total assets
12.7%
 Target below 10%
10.9%
9.2%
    042
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Joint Initiative for Two Domestic Non-Life Insurance Companies
2017
2018 2019 (FYE)

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       “Vision 2021”Stage 2 Overview
Key Strategy 2
Pursuing the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
Key Strategy 1
● We will further promote initiatives aimed at improving Group quality and productivity to strengthen our competitiveness.
 ● In Stage 2, the effect of business rationalization (total for Japan and overseas) is targeted at ¥30 billion.
    Fully utilizing the Group’s strengths
Diversity Capital Human assets Customer base
Growth (expanded top line)
Strengthening Group coordination
Domestic non-life insurance business
Promoting standardization and joint initiatives
Standardization of products and administrative tasks
Joint claim service system
Health and medical-oriented products and services
Business streamlining
        Domestic life insurance business
Financial services business
International business
Risk-related services business
        MS&AD Group companies that support the five business domains
Strengthen profitability
   Promote Digitalization
● We will promote three major initiatives that help improve the value of customer experiences and boost business productivity (DX, DI and DG), and promote sustained growth across the Group.
     DI Digital Creation Innovation
  Create new business models by utilizing data and digital technologies
 DG Digital Expansion Globalization
  Spread expertise on a reciprocal basis in Japan and overseas to promote DX and DI on a global scale
 DX Digital Reform Transformation
  Transform existing businesses and enhance competitiveness while streamlining and optimizing business
● Promotion of streamlining by the digital strategy departments of the two domestic non-life insurance companies
● Improving agent competitiveness through AI utilization(e.g., MS1 Brain)
● Improving efficiency and increasing sophistication in claims services utilizing telematics technologies (e.g., telematics claims service system)
● Solving the risks and issues faced by society and companies through advanced data analysis (RisTech)
● Creating new markets through collaboration with digital platformers (e.g., Finatext)
● Offering products and services that meet customer needs by utilizing small and short-term insurance
● Utilize cutting-edge start-up companies globally
● Accelerate CASE and Maas initiatives globally
● Expand use of internal and external solution know-how
Key Strategy 3
Reform Our Portfolio
 ● While goal attainment regarding diversification of the business portfolio will be pushed back as we seek to minimize the expansion of new business risks in part due to COVID-19, we will steadily continue with initiatives based on a starting point of organic growth as we strive to realize our future vision.
● We mostly attained target levels in the reduction of risks from strategic equity holdings, but given heightened market volatility, we will continue with efforts to reduce peak risks.
Group Adjusted Profit by Business Portfolio
End of fiscal 2015*
End of fiscal 2019
End of fiscal 2021 (forecast)
Future Aspirations (image)
50%
¥150.0 billion
(excluding ¥27.0 billion in gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings)
    27%
¥49.4 billion
16%
3% ¥4.8 billion 54%
27%
¥75.0 billion
15%
3% ¥7.0 billion 55%
     ¥29.7 billion
¥41.0 billion
¥98.4 billion (excluding ¥21.1 billion in gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings)
■Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings)
■Domestic Life Insurance Business ■International Business ■Financial Services Business/Risk-Related Services Business *At the starting point of the portfolio reform
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 043
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 
   Financial and Capital Strategies
CFO Message
      Director, Senior Executive Officer, CFO
Tetsuji Higuchi
 Sustainable Profit Growth
                                      Life Insurance               International Business                                     Business
Expand Casualty Insurance
Future Growth Pillars
                                044 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Improve Profitability of Fire Insurance
  Enhance the Competitiveness of Existing Businesses
●Invest in systems and promote digitalization (DX: digital transformation), etc.
●Implement ROI-based investment
Specific Initiatives
● Upgrade business processes using digital tools (chatbots, RPA) ● Enhance claims service efficiency using telematics technology ● Enhance the competitiveness of agencies (MS1 Brain)
AI support for agents "MS1 Brain"
    Business Portfolio Diversification and Expansion
●Invest in new businesses to diversify our geographic and business portfolios, etc.
<Points of Consideration for Investment>
●Shared values       ●Risk dispersion (geographic, line of business) ●Sustainable growth model ●ROI target: level above the cost of capital (7%)
Specific Initiatives
● Raise our stake in PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk (Indonesia) ● Finance Myanmar private-sector non-life major IKBZ Insurance
M&A
                                   Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
  Maintain Stability and Strengthen Maintain Automobile Insurance Earnings
                            Group Adjusted Profit
Pursue CSV Initiatives
           
 Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
   Create New Business
●Implement investment via CVC to seek out game-changing technologies and business models over the next 3‒5 years ●Implement initial investment premised on cash flow equilibrium
●Undertake ROI-based investment in the same manner as enhancement-oriented spending during the actual technology mounting phase
Specific Initiatives
● Venture investment based on Silicon Valley CVC (33 companies as of March 31, 2020) ● Collaboration with companies pursuing innovation in Israel
● Alliances with digital platformers (Finatext)
CVC
      Investment in creation Investment in enhancement Investment in growth
   CEO Message Who We Are Special Report
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       Fiscal 2019 Achievements
Fiscal 2019 was the final year of Stage 1 of the medium-term management plan "Vision 2021". However, Group Adjusted Profit fell below the plan’s target by ¥39.9 billion to ¥233.1 billion, as did Group Adjusted ROE by 0.3 percentage point to 8.0%. This reflects expected insurance payments of ¥502 billion on a direct underwriting basis following large-scale natural disasters, just like in fiscal 2018, such as Typhoons 15 (Faxai) and 19 (Hagibis), as well as booking an impairment loss of ¥85.3 billion as the COVID-19 outbreak triggered stock market drops in Japan and abroad through to the end of the fiscal year.
Fiscal 2020 Achievements
and Fiscal 2021 Targets
It is unclear how far the impact of COVID-19 will extend. Nevertheless, we see a need to present fiscal 2020 earnings forecasts in some form and assume economic contraction throughout the year based on market conditions as of March-end 2020. Accordingly, we forecast fiscal 2020 Group Adjusted Profit of ¥180 billion due to an expected decline in investment gains of around ¥60 billion in Japan and abroad, and a rise in net incurred losses mainly for overseas insurance subsidiaries of around ¥20 billion. In fiscal 2021, the final year of Vision 2021, we aim to reach Group Adjusted Profit of ¥300 billion and Group Adjusted ROE of 10% mainly based on a recovery from COVID-19 negatives and a rebound in International Business earnings.
MS&AD Growth Model
The Group’s capital policy is rooted in increasing shareholder value by pursuing investment to realize sustainable growth and maintaining stable shareholder returns, while ensuring financial soundness.The Group’s greatest strength is its highly competitive and stable Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business, and during Stage 1 of Vision 2021 we managed to further enhance this strength. Based on this solid earnings foundation, the Group’s core growth strategy is to diversify its portfolio via expansion in the Life Insurance and International businesses.
In addition, our capital strategy involves allocating around half of annual profits for investments that aim to improve the competitiveness of existing businesses, for investments to diversify and expand the business portfolio, and for investments to create new business territories, all of which should enable us to accelerate profit growth. Furthermore, we spread CSV initiatives Group-wide to realize sustainable growth underpinned by the development of society, which is undergoing various changes.
See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 99) for definitions of Group Adjusted Profit and Group Adjusted ROE.
      Shareholder Returns
Target 40%‒60% of Group Adjusted Profit
  FY2021 target 10%
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 045
Group Adjusted Profit
Group Adjusted ROE

  Capital Efficiency
Target ROE of 10% as a“world-leading insurance and financial services group”
  Of the fiscal 2021 numerical management targets for Vision 2021 (Stage 2), we lowered initial Group Adjusted Profit by ¥50 billion to ¥300 billion but maintained Group Adjusted ROE at 10%. Taking capital costs into account, we will pursue growth, portfolio diversification and optimal resource allocation aimed at an ROE level on par with major European and U.S. insurers. We will work to lower peak risks by selling strategic equity holdings and diversify risks by implementing growth investment strategies and taking insurance risks and asset
management risks not related to strategic equity holdings. In addition, we will take catastrophe risks Group-wide on a reduced basis while enhancing risk return management based on the characteristics of each product type. We estimate 7% for the cost of capital based on the capital asset pricing model (CAPM).*
*See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 98) for details.
Group Adjusted Profit and Group Adjusted ROE
New Frontier 2013 Next Challenge 2017
Vision 2021
 (¥billion) 500
     400
     300
     200
     100
0
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business International Business
10.0
300.0
(%)
Financial Services/Risk-Related Services businesses
Others*
7.9
213.7
-125.0
10.0
8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0 0.0
△6.0
 Group ROE
Group Adjusted ROE
8.0
233.1
    0.8 14.5
△5.6 -87.5
5.0 87.4
4.5 94.8
5.2
3.7 105.1
5.9
155.7 147.5
6.1
189.8
6.1
180.0
    -100
*Including the decrease in income taxes paid in FY2019 among the effects of reorganization of MSI's international business
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Results) (Forecast) (Targets)
Risk-Taking Trends
Risk Portfolio Status
■International Business
■Domestic Life Insurance Business (asset management) ■Domestic Life Insurance Business (underwriting) ■Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
 (asset management: non-strategic equity)
■Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
 (asset management: strategic equity)
■Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (underwriting)
   Business domains
Sub-domains
International Business
Underwriting
Asset management
Strategic equity holdings
Non-strategic equity
Risk weight (March-end 2020)
26.1%
15%
Risk-taking trends
  Domestic non-life insurance business
Underwriting
11%
 Asset management
 Domestic life insurance business
9%
21%
 18%
    (%) 100
80
60
40
20
17
12 32.7 13
10 11
    046
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
40.5
14 7 10 16
8 19 11
28.8
13 8
26.1
15 9
Integrated risk amount 68%
2013 2017
2018 2019 (FY)
20 21 ¥2.4 19 18 trillion
 
   CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       Financial Soundness
Ensure financial soundness equivalent
to an AA rating by enhancing capital and controlling risk.
  Targeting financial soundness equivalent to an AA rating, we have set an ESR of 180%‒220% as an appropriate level to secure. ESR1 as of March 31, 2020, was 186%, and this is being maintained as an appropriate level under the current capital policy.
A majority of the Group’s liabilities are policy liabilities. In principle, the policy is to hold corresponding assets that match the characteristics (e.g., currency, duration) of the liabilities. In addition, the Group works to improve earnings stability and financial soundness by determining investments and financing methods based on ROR2 and VA.3
ESR* (credit level 99.5%)
1. ESR: Economic Solvency Ratio 2. ROR: Return on Risk
3. VA: Value Added
(See the “Group Management Based on ERM” section (P. 76) for details.)
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Company Ratings
(Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance)
S&P Moody’s A.M. Best R&I JCR
A+ A1 A+ AA AA+ (Stable) (Stable) (Stable) (Stable) (Stable)
(See the “Credit Ratings” section (P. 118) for details.)
Appropriate ESR Level
Consider business investment, additional risk-taking, shareholder return enhancements
(March 31, 2020)
Identify the way back to an appropriate level and investigate measures to restore capital levels or reduce the risk amount as needed
  (%) 250
200
150
Vision 2021 target level: 180%‒220%
 220%
  Appropriate Level
(= level for financial soundness equivalent to an AA rating)
180%
  100%
  211※ 201
Work to improve capital efficiency while maintaining the current capital policy
  195
199
186%
 183
181
196
186
  157 144 140
 100 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019(FYE) *We achieved a more sophisticated method for calculating ESR from fiscal 2018.
Shareholder Return Policy
Work to quickly return to an appropriate level
   Return 40%‒60% of Group
Adjusted Profit to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.
As for shareholder returns in fiscal 2019, we raised
dividends by ¥10 from the previous year to ¥150 and implemented share buybacks totaling ¥35 billion. For
fiscal 2020, we are keeping our annual dividend
estimate unchanged from last year at ¥150 based on
current uncertain conditions and out of consideration
for our various stakeholders. Under Vision 2021
Stage 2, we still plan to provide shareholder returns
targeting Group Adjusted Profit of 40%‒60%, while
intending to raise shareholder value over the 69.8 medium to long term by appropriately distributing
profit to shareholders and internal reserves,
aggressively returning profits to shareholders and 54 accumulating internal reserves for investments in
future growth. We will continue aiming to increase 2010 corporate value through sustainable growth as well
as stable shareholder returns.
Total Return per Share
DPS
Return per share via share buybacks
193.3 207.8 169.1 180.6
           54.0
54
2011
62.0
54
2012
56
2013
2014
2015
2016 2017
2018 2019
2020(FY) Forecast
122.5 72.0
113.5
65
90
120
130
140
150
150
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 047
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 
  Toward Sustainable Growth and Achieving Targets for Group Adjusted ROE and Group Adjusted Profit
Components of Group Adjusted ROE
Breakdown of Group Adjusted ROE
Group Adjusted ROE, one of the numerical management targets in “Vision 2021,” can be explained in terms of the two indicators shown in the chart below, namely ESR, which represents financial soundness, and ROR (Return on Risk), which expresses the balance between the returns and risks that the MS&AD Insurance Group assumes. These indicators can be further broken down into three elements comprising Group Adjusted Profit, Integrated Risk Amount and Net Asset Value (capital).
Ensuring Balance by ERM Management
While striving to increase Group Adjusted Profit through activities in each of the Group’s business domains, we employ ERM to manage the Group in a way that balances Group Adjusted Profit, Integrated Risk Amount and Net Asset Value (capital). (See the “Group Management Based on ERM” section (P. 76) for details.)
     Group Adjusted ROE
  Group Adjusted Profit
 Integrated Risk Amount3
 Integrated Risk Amount
   Adjusted Net Assets
        1. GroupAdjustedProfit=Consolidatednetincome+Provisionforcatastrophelossreserveandothers‒Otherincidentalfactors(amortizationofgoodwilland other intangible fixed assets and others) + Equity in earnings of non-consolidated Group companies
2. Adjustednetassets=Consolidatednetassets+Catastrophelossreservesandothers‒Goodwillandotherintangiblefixedassets
3. Theintegratedriskamountrepresentsinsuranceunderwritingrisk,assetmanagementrisk,operationalrisk,etc.,quantifiedbymeansofstochasticmethods.
4. TheFamilyRegistrationServiceisaservicethatallowspre-registeredfamilymembers,inadditiontothepolicyholder,toreceiveinformationaboutthe
insurance policy just like the actual policyholder.
5. Numberofdaystoprovideassuranceisanindicatorofhowlongittakesforthecompanytocompleteadministrativetasksforcustomers,suchasapplications
for new insurance contracts, applications to cancel policies, claims for insurance payments and claims for other benefits. It is broken down into (1) the average number of days to conclude a new policy, (2) the average number of days required to pay an insurance claim and (3) the average number of days required to pay a cancellation refund.
6. Mortalitymargin,administrativeexpensemarginandinvestmentyieldmarginareindicatorsforcoreprofit,whichrepresentsthefundamentalprofitabilityof life insurance companies. Together, these terms are referred to as the “three surplus factors.” Mortality margin is the profit or loss on the difference between projected insurance benefits payments, based on assumed mortality rates, and actual insurance benefits payments. Administrative expense margin is the gain or loss on the difference between projected business expenditures, based on assumed expense ratios, and actual business expenditures. Investment yield margin is the gain or loss on the difference between projected investment income, based on assumed interest rates, and actual investment income.
048 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
ROR
Adjusted Net Assets and Net Asset Value (Capital)
In ERM, to thoroughly manage the net asset value, which serves as a management buffer, Adjusted Net Assets are transformed into the Net Asset Value through the following calculations.
Note: Figures within parentheses are for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. Net asset value = Adjusted net assets (¥2.8 trillion) + Unrealized insurance liabilities (¥0.4 trillion) + Other equity liabilities, etc. (¥1.2 trillion) = ¥4.4 trillion
 Group Adjusted Profit
Adjusted Net Assets
※1
※2
  Group Adjusted Profit
Integrated Risk Amount
Integrated Risk Amount
Net Asset Value (Capital)
1 ESR
      Group Adjusted ROE
An indicator of capital efficiency
 [FY2021 target] 10%
ROR (Return on Risk)
An indicator of the balance between the risks the Group is assuming and the associated returns.
ESR (Economic Solvency Ratio) = Net Asset Value (capital) ÷ Integrated Risk Amount
An indicator of the balance between the risks the Group
is assuming and the Group’s net assets, in other words, an indicator of financial soundness.
Net Asset Value (Capital)
Integrated Risk Amount
Group Adjusted Profit
ERM balances these three elements.
 Regular monitoring of ESR [Appropriate level]
ESR 180%-220%
  Monitoring ROR for the Group overall
Each business Each business domain company
  Initiatives to achieve Group Adjusted Profit target in each business domain.
 
  Non-life insurance
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
         KPI and Specific Initiatives to Achieve the Group Adjusted Profit Target and Sustainable Growth
    ● Providing products and services that rapidly and flexibly address the increasingly diverse needs of customers
● Enhancing the ability to serve customers during all points of contact
● Practicing claims handling that closely reflects customers’expectations ● Improving quality as an insurance company
Main Reference Indices
The Group
● Customer satisfaction
● Ratio of female managers ● Ratio of global employees ● Satisfaction toward
response and service of agents
Non-life insurance
● Claims handling satisfaction
● Agents recommendation rate
● Number of improvements based on customer comments
Life insurance
● Number of registrations for the Family Registration Service4
● Number of days to provide assurance5
● Number of Perfect Lifestyle Support Center6 users
     For other indices and results, see “Customer-First Business Operations” on each company’s official website.
● Activities for maintenance of renewal contracts and acquisition of new contracts ● New product development based on an understanding of changing customer needs ● Maintain and expand a robust sales platforms create and diversify sales
    *Growth rate of premiums written or annualized premiums
channels
Main Reference Indices
The Group
● Sales budget achievement rate
● Contract continuation rate ● Ratio of global employees
Non-life insurance
● Number of new agents (sales networks)
● Growth rate of the number of automobile insurance contracts
● Earnings and expenditures balance
● stepping-stone to the future
Life insurance
● Policies in force
● Number of policies
● Annualized premiums of
policies in force
● Ratio of non-life insurance
agents that also sell life insurance
 Growth
Customer satisfaction
    The Group
Premium growth rate
  Group Adjusted
Profit
 ● Appropriate product design
● Elimination of fraud claims/Appropriate and prompt payment of claims ● Provide advice designed to prevent accidents and reduce damage
● Usage of sustainable resources (use recycled parts)
Main Reference Indices
● Number of risk surveys carried out
● Number of risk management seminars and training sessions carried out
● Reduction of business expenses by improving operating efficiency ● Reform of operating processes and employee roles
● Reduction of environmental burden through business activities
Main Reference Indices
● Ratio of personnel expenses to sales ● Selection rate of web policy clauses ● Paper usage ● CO2 emissions ● Total energy consumption, etc.
           Investment
Loss
ratio
 Combined ratio
 Expense
ratio
 ● Integrated asset/liability management based on consideration of the characteristics of insurance liabilities
● Improving Return on Risk ● Appropriate risk control
  Life
insurance
income/loss
KPI
Main Reference Indices
● Investment yield ● Diversifying effect among assets ● Reduction in strategic equity holdings, etc.
● Product design that balances customer benefits and business soundness ● Reform the product portfolio
Main Reference Indices
● Annualized premiums of policies in force
● Reduce administrative expenses through more efficient management Main Reference Indices
● Paper usage ● CO2 emissions ● Total energy consumption, etc.
   Profitability
 Mortality margin6
    Administrative expense margin6
      ● Set reasonable assumed interest rates to ensure profits
● Sophisticated ALM operations and risk management based on the
 Investment yield margin6
Examples of Specific Initiatives
characteristics of liabilities
● Improve returns and diversify risks by diversifying investment methods
 Main Reference Indices
● Investment yield ● Rating distribution for invested bonds, etc.
 Financial Highlights on P. 50.
Non-Financial Highlights on P. 51.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 049

  Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights
Group Core Profit/Group Adjusted Profit1
Group ROE/Group Adjusted ROE1
 (¥ billion) 250
200 150 100
50
-50 -100
Group Core Profit
87.4 94.8 14.5
Group Adjusted Profit
155.7147.5
233.1
(%) 8.0
6.0
4.0 2.0 0 -2.0 -4.0 -6.0
Group ROE
Group Adjusted ROE
7.9
8.0
 213.7 105.1
6.4
3.7
6.1
201.0 189.8
5.0
5.9 5.2
      4.5
 0.8
  (¥ billion) 3,600
3,400 3,200 3,000 2,800 2,600 2,400
Consolidated net premiums written2 and
premium growth rate (non-life insurance business) Consolidated net premiums written (left axis) 3,573.7 (%)
(domestic non-life insurance business)
-87.5
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
-5.6
This is the profit that serves as a resource for shareholder returns and is thus included as one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan. In anticipation of transitioning to International Financial Reporting Standards from FY2022, the definition was revised to “Group Adjusted Profit” in “Vision 2021” (starting in FY2018).
This is one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan and indicates the ratio of Group Core Profit/Group Adjusted Profit, as shown to the left, in respect to consolidated net assets/adjusted net assets.
Combined ratio3
120 3,406.93,446.9 12 115
Premium growth rate (right axis) 3,500.4 14
10 110
116.4
(%)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
     3,078.9 10.7 2,809.52,940.7
8 105 6 100 4 95 2 90
105.1
99.4
    2,639.4 6.4 2,541.4 2,558.8
95.8 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
4.7
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
91.6 92.6 92.8
0.9 0.7 3.1
1.2
4.7
1.6
102.9
98.2 96.0
  2019 (FY) 0
0
  Consolidated net premiums written is one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan. The premium growth rate indicates growth potential in premium income for the domestic non-life insurance business and international non-life insurance business.
Net investment income3
(domestic non-life insurance business)
The combined ratio is a key indicator of profitability for underwriting in the non-life insurance business. Profitability is negative when this indicator exceeds 100% and positive when this indicator falls below 100%.
Policies in force4
(domestic life insurance business)
(¥ billion)
250
200 150 100
50
0
-50 -100
Net interest and dividends income
135.3
Capital profit/loss Capital profit/loss Net investment (valuation gain/loss) (sales profit/loss) 228.9 income/loss
(¥ trillion) 30
25 20 15 10
5
27.4 28.8 21.1 23.7
29.8 31.2 30.9
     178.1
209.8 187.7
171.6
180.5
25.1 26.3
  149.2
19.5
  102.2 56.9
   2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
0 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
This is one of the basic performance indicators for life insurance companies. This indicator expresses the total amount guaranteed to policyholders of valid insurance policies at the end of the fiscal year. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 101) for details.)
Net investment income is a major source of earnings, next to underwriting profit, for non-life insurance companies, consisting of such components as interest and dividend income and gains/losses on the sale of securities.
1. This calculation method was revised in FY2018. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 99) for details.)
2. Excludes the Good Results Return premiums of “ModoRich” voluntary auto insurance products
3. Simple sum of non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI. (FY2010 is the simple sum of non-consolidated figures for MSI, Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd. and Nissay
Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.)
4. Total amount of policies in force for individual insurance and individual annuity insurance at MSI Aioi Life and MSI Primary Life. MSI Aioi Life was formed
from the merger of MSI Kirameki Life and Aioi Life on October 1, 2011, so FY2010 and FY2011 show a simple sum for the two companies.
050 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
2.1
 
  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       Non-Financial Highlights
  A checkmark ( ) indicates that FY2019 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
Customer satisfaction5
C C u u s s t t o o m m e e r r s s a a t t i i s s f f a a c c t t i i o o n n
(accident response of automobile insurance)
Outside Director ratio and the Board of Directors attendance rate
( % ) 100
95 90 85
Our growth potential depends on improving customer satisfaction. Along with these indicators, customer opinions are helpful in improving quality.
Amount of paper usage
( % ) 50
30
O u t s i d e D i r e c t o r r a t i o (l e f t a x i s )
A t t e n d a n c e r a t e ( r i g h t a x i s ) (%)
95.5 95.6 96.0 96.6 96.5
96.7 94.6 95.0
88.9 93.1 41.7 41.7
96.4 100 41.7 80
      89.3
89.4
89.3
92.3 36.4
  33.3 000
30.8
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
More than one-third of the full Board of Directors consists of indepen- dent Outside Directors to ensure highly transparent management. Monitoring and oversight functions are thus enhanced by incorporating perspectives that are independent from management.
30.8
    2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
(t)
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000 16,036 13,283 13,940 13,005 11,085 10,545 11,080
0
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Paperless meetings, PDF-format pamphlets and portable device and tablet use are being actively incorporated to help reduce paper use through various measures including increased application of RPA*6. In FY2019, while the volume of OA paper decreased, printed materials temporarily increased owing to the change in era name in Japan and product revisions.
Group consolidated Domestic
12.7 7.1
Amount of paper usage
(persons)
1,800 1,500 1,200
900 600
20.0 20
Number and ratio of female managers7
Ratio of female managers (right axis)
3.6 4.6 5.5
0 245 296 377 449 551 613 782
Group
consolidated (%)
 15.7 9.9
Domestic 14.8
16
18.1 12.4
        12 Domestic 8
     (t-CO2) 140,000
120,000 100,000 80,000
CO2 emissions (left axis)
Total energy consumption (right axis)
1,142,6471,126,555 1,000,014 9 1,070,8861,098,0081,017,853
(GJ) 1,400,000
1,200,000
1,000,000
800,000
Number of employees in Japan
Number of overseas employees (“( )” indicates ratio)
40,000
30,000
20,000 30,640 30,827 31,910 32,044 31,882 32,111 32,509 32,346
(83.6%)(83.2%)(83.2%)(78.9%)(78.4%)(77.8%)(78.4%)(77.8%)
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Increasing the number of employees from different cultures
and with a diverse sense of values, and deepening mutual understanding among employees, leads to a stronger organizational capacity for the Group and is a driving force
in international business development in particular.
CO2 emissions and total energy consumption8
We believe diversity in the manager position and above leads to greater customer satisfaction and growth potential by enabling strategies, product development and organizational management from diverse viewpoints and sense of value. We began tallying such data on a Group consolidated basis, including overseas, in FY2016.
Number and ratio of global employees
300 3.0
1,704 0
(persons)
50,000
6,003 6,228 6,448 8,573 8,759 9,184 8,958 9,236 (22.2%)
1,200 1,292 1,514
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
(16.4%)(16.8%)(16.8%)(21.1%)(21.6%)(22.2%)(21.6%)
944 Group consolidated 4
      943,090
            60,000 9 600,000
40,000 111,818 123,567 119,953 120,930 104,669 98,110 400,000 20,000 200,000
10,000 000
89,055
  2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Reducing CO2 emissions helps mitigate climate change, a risk for the non-life insurance business. It also reduces energy-related business expenses.
5. Customer survey choices were streamlined from five options to four in FY2015 and unified within the Group. This figure indicates the ratio of customers who chose the top two options (MSI and ADI).
6. Acronym for Robotic Process Automation: Increased efficiency and automation of office operations using AI and other cognitive technologies.
7. Results as of April 1 of the subsequent fiscal year.
8. Total energy consumption is calculated based on the energy conversion coefficient from the Law Concerning the Promotion of Measures to Cope with Global
Warming. Electric power energy use, however, is 3.6 GJ/MWh. Also, from FY2017, the energy for the parts of Group buildings leased to tenants is excluded. 9. FY2018 data reviewed in an effort to increase the accuracy of activity amount data subject to calculation.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 051
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 
  10-Year Performance
Key Management Indicators
    Consolidated financial data (¥ million)
Ordinary income
Net premiums written
[Net premiums written]1
Insurance claims paid (non-life + life) Ordinary profit/(loss)
Net income attributable to owners of the parent2 Comprehensive income/(loss)
Net assets
Total assets
Consolidated solvency margin ratio3 Equity ratio
Return on equity (ROE)
Combined ratio4 (domestic non-life insurance) Group Core Profit5/Group Adjusted Profit6 Group ROE7/Group Adjusted ROE8
Per share data (yen)
Net income per share (basic)9 Net income per share (diluted)10
Group Core Profit/(loss) per share/ Group Adjusted Profit11
Dividend per share (DPS) Net assets per share (BPS)
Stock price‒related data
Year-end market price (closing price) (yen) Price-earnings ratio (PER)12 (times) Price-to-book ratio (PBR)12 (times) Dividend yield12
Annual total shareholder return (TSR)13 Stock price volatility (annual rate)14
Capital management policy data (¥ million)
Total dividends
Dividend payout ratio (consolidated) Aggregate amount of repurchase15 [Average repurchase price] (yen) Shareholder return ratio16
Non-financial data
Customer satisfaction
(accident response for automobile insurance)17
Number of employees
(of which consolidated overseas subsidiaries)
Number of female managers18 (domestic)
Number of employees participating in social contribution activities (domestic)
CO2 emissions (Scope 1 + 2)19 Paper consumption (domestic)
3,404,942
2,543,786
[2,541,400]
11,445,003
14.11%
0.37%
102.9%
14,500
0.8%
8.68
23.27
54.00
2,597.19
1,894
218.06
0.73
2.9%
32.3%
33,583
622.1%
9,999
[2,012]
300.2%
36,538
106,985t-CO2
5,621
21,680t
-
-
-
-
-
3,764,986
2,555,551
14,537,204
553.8%
10.27%
(10.91%) 4.79%
116.4%
(87,500) 87,400
54.00
2,400.48
1,699
0.71
3.2%
(24.9%) (7.4%) 24.8%
26.6%
33,582
36,929
5,772
98,961t-CO2
16,445t
-
-
0
-
-
-
-
-
4,315,787
2,639,015
[2,639,419]
15,914,663
(5.6%) 5.0%
(272.49) 134.46
-
(140.82) 140.56
738.8%
12.56%
105.1%
54.00
3,215.33
2,066
15.36
0.64
2.6%
35.8%
33,582
40.2%
4,996
[2,565]
44.1%
89.3%
36,643
114,246t-CO2
6,003
-
245
16,142
14,445t
4,362,754
2,811,611
16,878,148
772.5%
13.39%
4.42%
98.2%
94,800
4.5%
150.58
152.79
56.00
3,646.22
2,364
15.70
0.65
2.4%
17.1%
39.0%
34,715
37.2%
9,997
[2,523]
47.2%
89.4%
37,055
6,228
-
296
11,373
111,818t-CO2
16,036t
4,689,658
2,939,113
[2,940,756]
18,788,046
803.9%
16.00%
5.18%
96.0%
155,700
5.9%
221.34
252.99
65.00
4,911.40
3,370
15.23
0.69
1.9%
45.3%
25.3%
39,900
29.4%
29,992
[3,373]
44.9%
89.1%
38,358
123,567t-CO2
6,448
-
377
15,124
13,283t
5,013,038
3,078,732
20,303,649
743.3%
13.29%
6.36%
91.6%
147,500
5.2%
298.72
242.83
90.00
4,469.58
3,136
10.50
0.70
2.9%
-
(4.9%) 16.7%
41.0%
54,447
30.1%
19,996
[3,044]
50.4%
95.5%
40,617
8,573
449
16,507
119,953t-CO2
13,940t
5,335,239
3,407,389
21,234,300
872.6%
12.76%
7.78%
92.6%
213,700
7.9%
350.94
350.90
356.39
120.00
4,572.82
3,540
10.09
0.77
3.4%
36.9%
71,489
34.2%
29,938
[3,738]
47.7%
95.6%
40,641
8,759
551
19,861
120,930t-CO2
13,005t
5,217,835
3,440,976
22,472,927
819.3%
13.09%
5.45%
92.8%
105,100
3.7%
  260.04
259.98
177.47
130.00
4,964.64
  3,355
12.90
0.68
3.9%
(1.6%)
19.7%
  77,014
50.0%
29,981
[3,440]
101.8%
  96.0%
41,295
9,184
613
20,022
104,669t-CO2
11,085t
 A checkmark indicates that FY2019 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
052 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
FY2010 FY2011 FY2012 FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017
1,646,851
21,005
5,420
1,663,381
[2,558,844]
2,133,440
(96,211) 150,300
(169,469) 83,625
(189,373) (88,136) 543,938
1,512,134
1,961,399
2,021,625
[2,809,581]
2,025,545
190,259
93,451
322,865
2,285,832
1,996,675
287,061
136,247
807,972
3,036,663
[3,078,995]
2,023,599
291,578
181,516
(233,116) 114,294
2,725,274
[3,406,966]
2,162,773
352,612
210,447
2,734,432
[3,446,940]
2,311,295
211,548
154,057
311,096
2,968,387
                                                   
 Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
  FY2018 FY2019
5,500,438
3,497,572
[3,500,403]
2,528,145
290,847
192,705
2,778,047
23,132,539
807.3%
11.89%
6.77%
99.4%
189,800
6.1%
328.72
328.60
323.87
140.00
4,712.11
3,370
10.25
0.72
4.2%
4.6%
16.2%
81,720
42.6%
31,972
[3,482]
60.0%
96.6%
41,467
8,958
782
23,601
98,110t-CO2※20
10,545t
MS&AD
TOPIX
Past 1 Year
Past 2 Years
Past 3 Years
Past 4 Years
Past 5 Years
  TOPIX Insurance Sector Index
  CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
       TSR for the Last Five Years
150.0 140.0 130.0 120.0 110.0 100.0
90.0
80.0
70.0
60.0
2015/3/31
Notes:
MS&AD
TOPIX
TOPIX Insurance Sector Index
        5,168,361
3,573,732 [3,573,732] 2,403,833
157,701
143,030 (79,701) (157,288)
2,494,038 23,196,455 781.3% 10.57% 5.50% 95.8% 233,100 8.0%
248.36 248.22 404.77 150.00
4,308.37
3,025 12.18 0.70 5.0%
(5.8%) 19.4%
85,770 60.4% 34,999 [3,407] 52.0%
96.5% 41,582 9,236 944 27,673 89,055t-CO2 11,080t
2016/3/31
2017/3/31
2018/3/31
2019/3/31
[3.3%]
[3.4%]
[5.5%]
2020/3/31
8.5% [1.6%]
1.8% [0.4%]
4.6% [0.9%]
                      (5.8%) (1.2%) [-0.6%]
(9.5%)(14.1%) [-7.3%]
(9.2%) (9.3%) [-4.8%]
(2.7%) [-0.9%]
(0.4%) [-0.1%]
(5.9%) [-2.0%]
13.7%
14.2%
23.8%
         1. The graph above shows the profit margin where an investment is made at the end of March 2015, taking into consideration dividends and share prices as of the end of March 2020. The MS&AD chart indexes the investment results, with dividends added to the share price (assuming no reinvestment of the dividends) with the investment amount at the end of March 2015 set as 100. Similarly, the indices compared use both the TOPIX and the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s industry-specific index (insurance industry), with the data incorporating dividends.
2. The table above shows the investment return (including dividends) as of the end of March 2020 for investments from one year earlier (end of March 2019) to five years earlier (end of March 2015).
3. The values within brackets [ ] from two years earlier to five years earlier show the average annual return, annualized by taking the geometric mean of the investment return for the relevant period.
Source: Calculated by MS&AD Holdings based on data from Bloomberg
1. Figures are presented exclusive of the Good Results Return premiums of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance’s proprietary automo- bile insurance product “ModoRich,” which contains a special clause for premium adjustment and refund at maturity.
2. The net income or net loss attributable to the parent company shareholder is disclosed.
3. Consolidated solvency margin ratios have been calculated for years beginning from FY2011 reflecting the revision of the Insurance Business Act, etc.
         4. Combined ratio figures (domestic non-life insurance) are based on the simple sums of the non-consolidated figures for MSI, ADI and Mitsui Direct General. For FY2010, however, combined ratio figures are based on the simple sums of the non-con- solidated figures for MSI, Aioi, NDI and Mitsui Direct General. Moreover, for FY2018 onward, combined ratio figures are based on the simple sums of the non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI.
  5. Group Core Profit = Consolidated net income - Net capital gains/losses on stock portfolio (gains/losses on sales, etc.) - Net evaluation gains/losses on credit derivatives - Other incidental factors + Equity in earnings of the non-consolidated Group companies (prior to FY2017)
 6. Group Adjusted Profit = Consolidated net income + provision for catastrophe loss reserve and others - other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets, etc.) + equity in earnings of the non-consolidated group companies (FY2018 onward)
   7. Group ROE = Group Core Profit ÷ Consolidated total net assets (average of beginning and ending amounts excluding stock acquisition rights and non-controlling interest) (prior to FY2017)
8. Group Adjusted ROE = Group Adjusted Profit ÷ average of beginning and ending amounts on the B/S of adjusted net assets (consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserve and others - goodwill and other intangible fixed assets) (FY2018)
9. Net income/(loss) per share (EPS) disclosed.
10. Net income per share (EPS) and Diluted EPS disclosed. Diluted net income/(loss) per share data prior to FY2015 is not disclosed because there was no potential dilution during that period.
    11. Group Core Profit/(Loss) per share (prior to FY2017) or Group Adjusted Profit/(Loss) per share (FY2018)
12. Stock price- related indicators are based on the market price of the stock at the end of the fiscal year.
13. Total shareholders’ return is calculated as follows: (fiscal year-end stock price - previous fiscal year-end stock price + annual dividends) ÷ previous fiscal year-end stock price
   14. Stock price volatility is the annualized standard deviation of returns based on daily closing prices.
15. The aggregate amount of repurchase for FY2019 was ¥35.0 billion (maximum); the period of repurchase applicable to the aggregate amount of repurchase of ¥20.0 billion (maximum) was from November 20, 2019, to March 24, 2020 (resolved at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on November 19, 2019); the period of repurchase applicable to the aggregate amount of repurchase of ¥15.0 billion (maximum) was from May 21, 2020, to September 18, 2020 (resolved at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 20, 2020).
16. Shareholder return ratio = (dividends applicable to the fiscal year (paid in December of that year and June of the following year) + value of share repurchases during the period through the time of the general shareholders’ meeting in the following fiscal year) ÷ Group Core Profit for the fiscal year (from FY2018: Group Adjusted Profit)
17. Ratio of customers satisfied with accident response for automobile insurance (MSI and ADI). From FY2015, the client survey was modified from five stages to four stages.
18. Number of female managers in positions of section manager or higher. (Figures are for April 1 of the subsequent fiscal year.)
19. During the period from FY2010 to FY2016, CO2 emissions resulting from tenant use of rental properties were included in Scope 1 + 2. Moreover, emissions for FY2010 to FY2015 were calculated prior to the purchase of MS Amlin, etc., so do not include emissions from these companies.
20. FY2018 data reviewed in an effort to increase the accuracy of activity amount data subject to calculation.
       INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 053

 Growth Strategies by Business Segment
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
The Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business is the MS&AD Group’s core business and boasts the largest scale in Japan. The Group’s three unique non-life insurance companies leverage a variety of sales channels, address the new risks arising from changes in the social environment and progress in technological innovation, and provide safety and peace of mind.
Business Environment and Competitive Conditions
In an environment characterized by a diversification in customer needs brought on by changes in the structure of society and people’s lifestyles, the MS&AD Insurance Group provides products and services through three non-life insurance companies with business models based on different products and sales channels. We have been able to maintain our business scale and competitive advantages by leveraging the strengths of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, which is developing its global business based on an expansive network centered on Mitsui Group and Sumitomo Group, and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, which is developing a local community based business centered on Toyota Group and Nippon Life Insurance Group, and Mitsui Direct General Insurance, which specializes in direct sales to individual customers.
Group Numerical Management Targets
(Simple sum of the non-consolidated figures for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and Mitsui Direct General Insurance)
    Net Premiums Written Share in the domestic business
No.1
 (¥ billion) 300
    250
    200
    150
    100
50 0
Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021 Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017)
(¥ trillion) 3.00
2.75 2.50 2.25 2.00
Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021 Net Premiums Written
(%) 105
100
Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017)
287.8
146.9
Non-Life Insurance Combined Ratio* E/I Combined Ratio* 2.78
2.86
96.4 96.9
 2.73 2.70 2.76 100.6
2.78
       190.1 153.3
177.0
2019 2020 (Forecast) (Target)
2.64
  96.6 96.0
2014
94.1 91.6 91.4 92.8
99.4
2018
95.4 95 90
85 2020 (FY)
 130.0
93.4
95.8
2019
 92.4 91.9
119.5
92.6
 2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2021 (FY)
2015
2016
2017
Initiatives Aimed at Creating Shared Value with Society
The Mitsui Direct General Insurance Smile Fund is a donation fund based on participant activity that was launched in 2014 in line with the 15th anniversary of the start of the business. Under this program, policy holders vote for NPOs working in “traffic accident prevention,” “environmental conservation” or “assistance for disaster recovery” programs that are aimed at achieving the SDGs. Donations at a fixed amount are determined based on the number of votes received. The program aims to contribute to society through these donations while strengthening contact with policyholders. To date, about 200,000 policyholders have participated in the program, with contributions reaching about ¥21 million as of the end of February 2020.
(Forecast) *Please see the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 98) for details. Figures from FY2018 reflect the Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi
Nissay Dowa Insurance totals.
 054
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

                                                                                                                                               CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       Progress in the Implementation of Key Strategies of“Vision 2021” Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
   Expansion in Jointly Developed Products
Promote a Group Coordination System
Expansion in Jointly Developed Products
 Number of policies of“Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type) policies*”topped 400,000 at the end of May 2020.
  *This automobile insurance program uses a specialized dashcam with a communication function that when it detects an accident automatically sends a report to the insurance company and enables a dedicated operator to advise policyholders on initial response options to the accident.
ト保カ存メしラて)くにだセさットいさ。 保サ険ー金ビをス支・新払商う品たのめ そ通社れら会のた発め展のに分資 をご覧ください。 は険「、パタンフ・レ見ッ守ト(るスクルマ 」を定ごめ覧るく条だ件さをい満。たす ト合フにォ限ンりまをす保。有詳してく 問店合・扱わ者せまくだたさはい当。社 aたioだinけisなsaいyd場ow合aや.c、oお.jp客/ にご契約のお手続きをお あ。るとき 揮でCですがき)OなFいF)こ状と態がのあとりきま、ますた。 規ッのテサ間リーでービ、が共ス足同・新りでな商利い品用場のし合ま開す 発。等お
49才、料率クラス:車両 ト険保ー)料険使、:ロの5用ー,改0○ド0定補0サ等万償ーに円内ビよ、容ス自り費変対動更人用車 て算出したものです。 た覧はく当だ社さまいで。まごた請、求詳くしだく 等び「に運関転す特る特性約情」報がにセよッるト タフビズ事業用自動車
41 (16-513) [JL57]
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
 事故のあとの保険から 事故を起こさない保険へ
テ「レダタマーフテか・ィら見ク取守ス得る技しク術たでル走後マ行付のデけ保ーの険ドタプラにイラ基ブスづレ」きはコ、ー
(ごプ5覧ロ分くモ5だ3ー秒さシ)いョン。ビデオも
各サービスを動画でも (ご6覧分い21た秒だ)けます。
                               動を保車険保料険にで反す映する
(令和
安全運国転内の初度の
の合自
                       (
和元
自い動
年
年9
き
9月
月
、当社調べ)
                 個人総合自動車保険 令和2年1月以降保険始期用
                                                                     「タフ・ベ見ル守マるーククル協マ賛の商保品険でプすラ。ス」は MサSッ&カADーイ日ン本シ代ュ表アをラ応ン援スしグてルいーまプすは。、
  ク ル マG のK 保 険 自 動ノ車ン保フ険リ・ー一ト般 用 後 ろ か ら の 事 故 も 見 守 り ま す!あ お り 運 転 へ の2 0対2 0策年 4に月 1も日!以 降 始 期 契 約 用
専用リアカメラのご案内 (ドリライアブレカコメーダラー(はフロおント客カメさラ)まが事に故等ごに購より大入きいな衝た撃(だ自力き走行まがす困難)と思われる程度の衝撃)を検知した リが場ア合上カ、記そメ未のラ満衝でで撃撮、が影手あし動ったにた映よ前像る後も通合含報わめをせて案て当内約社す1るに5秒画自間面動の表送映示信像しがをまさ「すれイ。るベド場ラン合トイ記にブも録レリ」コとアーしカダてメー保ラ(存でフしロ撮、内ン影ト蔵しカさたメれ映ラた像)通もが信含検機め知能てしにた当よ衝社り撃に、
自動的に送信されます。 ■ご本リ契特ア約カにのメご解ラ約注は「時意タのフい取・た見扱守だいるきクたルマいの事保項険(プ詳ラス細「」はタ専フ・用見チ守るラクシルをマのご確認■リくSDアだカさーメドラいのを)起取動扱すいる前に、ドライブレコーダー(フロン
 保特険約(』ドをラセレットコし型た)「」タ『フドビラズイブ事レ業コ用ー自ダ動ー車に総よ合る保事険故」専発用生にの開通発知さ等れにた関商す品る
見守るお客さ既にまドラのイブ安レコ全ーダ運ーを転お持ちのお客さまは、 「タフ・見守るクルマの保険(スマホ型)」をご契約いただけます。
■で故す障。の時ご取の契扱約取のい扱解にい約つ時いなてどはに、メは、ーリカアーカメ保ラ証はの使適用用でのき範なく囲なとりなまりすま。す。
■れ録て画いさるれSたDカ映ー像ドのに取録扱画いされている映像をパソコン等に に当開必発社要まにたな送は調信開査さ発、れ本のたサた映ーめ像ビのをス分当の析社改・お研良よ・究新び、安機提全能携・の先円追企滑加業なや等道新は路規、交 す析・る研技究術等開の発目や的モでビ使リ用テしィまサすー。ビスの開発・運営および
ドライブレ■コリお車アのカー種メ類ラにのよダ取って付はーけ、ご自で身での取付け(取りはずし)が困難な場合があります。 リアカメラはご契約の代理店(リアカメラ取扱店)または専用Webサイトよりご購入いただけます。詳しくは専用チラシ
※1 詳しく ホマ型の)保 ※2 当スはい社るマ代場がー理 までお ※1「cタoフrp・o見ra守teる/sクeルrvマiceの/保te険lemプaラtスics」/をpごer契so約naすl.るht場m合l)がは『、適「用タさフ・れ見ま守する。ごク契ル約マの保解険約」時専な用ど端に末返の却貸期与限おをよ過びぎサてーもビドスラごイ利ブ用レ規コ約ー(』ダhーttpをs:ご//返ww却wい. ※2 ドさ願ラまいイしのブま責レすめコ「。にータ帰ダフす・ー見べの守き発る送事クに由ル一にマ定よの期り保間破険(を損ド要・ラ故しレま障コす・型盗。始)難」期・か日紛らま失ので切等に替がドの発ラ場生イ合しブ、レたおコ場手ー合元ダにのードはのラ、違到イ着約ブレが金コ間をーに請ダ合求ーわさをなせ引いてき場い続合たきがだごあく利り場ま用合すいのたがでだあ、けり始ま期す日。から14日以上前まで ※3(本例サ)・ードビラスイはブ、レドコラーイダブレーコがーGPダSーのの電取波付を状受況信・で車き両なのい状と況き・や事、故屋の内状・地況・下天駐候車・場通・信山環間特境部等・約トにンよネ保りル、そ内険の・ビ機ル料能のが陰発等揮電さ波れのな届いき場に合くがいあ場り所まにす
  ア専見専ラ守用ーり車トサ載・載前ー器方ビをと衝スダお突をッ持ア月シラち々ューボの1ト5ースは0ド円マ除(にきー保取まト険りすフ付期)ォ、け間運ンる1転で年こ診サでと断口でーレ座、ビポ安振ース全ト替を運、1事ご転2故提回支緊払供援急のしア自場まラ動合すー通のト。報(保サ車険ー線料ビ逸)ス脱で、 ご利用いただけます。なお、運転特性割引は対象外です。
         ※4(ド例ラ)イ・ドブドラレライコイブーブレダコレーコはダー事ーダ故がー時一がの定衝の株衝撃式撃を会を検社検知N知しTしてTなド発かコ報っ等モたをとの行きLTっ E・て通事い故信ま時のすのがサ衝、ー撃事ビに故よス検りエ知、ドリ、衝ラアイ撃外ブ時、レのまコ映たー像はダの電ー記が波月 月録破の・損保弱し存額
額い、・正場送常信所に、作に事動あ故しる連なと絡いきがと(でき国 き・外なエはいンサ等ジ、ーンそがビの停ス機止対能し象がた(発外AC ※5 よ当び社研は究、始サ、動安ー直全ビ後・ス円でのド滑提ラな供イ道のブ路たレ交めコ通にー社ドダ会ラーのイが発ブ起展レ動コに中ー資もダすしるーく技のは術ア送ッ開信プ発映デや像ーモおトビよ中リびのテ走とィ行きサ距 ー・離ビ事、ス走故の行時開に時発ア間・ク、運速セ営度サお、リ位よーび置ソそ情ケれ報ットら、加かの速らた電度め源セのケン分ーサ析ブー・(研ルに究よ注が等る外)の計れた測、ドめ値ラ当等イ社をブお取レよコ得びーしま提ダす携ー。先のま企内た業蔵、新バ等 ※6 P3~4に記載の保険料は、下記のご契約内容に基づくものです。 円
               ご○始契期約日内:容令〔和タ2フ年・1見月守、保る険ク期ル間マ1の年保○険自プ家ラ用ス普、通タ乗フ・用見車守2る0ク等ル級・マ事の故保有険係(数ド適ラ用レコ期間型0)〕年、35才以上補償、記名被保険者年令別料率区分:40~ ク賠ラ償ス保9険、:対無人制・自限損、対ク人ラ臨ス時9、費対用物特ク約ラ:スあ9り、傷対害歩ク行ラ者ス等9、傷初害度特登約録:あ年り月:、対平物成賠25償年保1月険:、無長制期限優(良免割責引金、額運な転し免)許、対証物の超色:過ゴ修ー理ル費ド用、使特用約:目あ的り:日、人常身・レ傷ジ害ャ 事特約故〈特代約車:あ提り供、型人〉:身あ傷り害、代家車族補臨償時拡交張通特費約用:J特3ク約:ラあスり( 「○タ払フ・込見方守法る一ク時ル払マ の○保記険載プのラ保ス険」の料みは)令、傷和害2年一1時月金現特在約の:あ保り険(料傷に害基一づ時く金も倍の額で払す特の約でセ、保ッ ●こは「のごとパ契なン約るフのこレとしッがトおあはり(り概普ま要通すを保。説 険○明「約しタ款たフ・も・特見の約守で)る」すをク。ごルご用マ契意の約し保にて険あいプたまラっスすて」のはで2必年、ず必「目要のタに保フ・応険クじ料ルてはマ当、の上社記保ホご険ー契パム約ンペ内フー容レジにッでト基ご」づお参きよ照保び「く険重だ料さ要改い定事等。項ものし要ごく素説はが明、代な」をか理っあ店た・わ扱もせ者のてとまごし ●「さ保タい険フ。料・ごク算不ル出明マになの関点保すに険るつ」特は「き約ま個」しが人てセ総ッは合ト、自代さ動れ理車た店・保個扱険人者」総「、ま合タた自フは・動当見車社守保にる険おク「、ル問タマ合フのわ・見保せ守く険るだプクさラルいスマ。」はの「保ドラ険(イドブラレコー型ダ)」ーは「にドよラるイ事ブ故レ発コ生ーのダ通ー知によ等るに事関故す発る生特の約通」お知よ さ総れ合た保個険人」は総「合一自般動総車合保自険動「、車タ保フ険・見」の守そるれクルぞマれの保ペ険ッ(トスマホ型)」クは「事故ル発生のマ通知等に関すもる特約」、がセットされた個人総合自動車保険「、
●ネ契ー約ムの取で締扱す結者。権がを当有社し代、保理険店契ま約たのは締社結員・の保場険合料はの、領当収社・の保保険険料
領がい収ま証しのて発、行当・社ご代契理約店のま管た理はな社ど員のと業契務約をさ行れっ有て効いにま成す立。した ビデオ判定を。 ご契約につきましては、当社と直接契約されたものとなります。
『見守るクルマの保お(〒険電客カ1(話5スさ0受ドタ-8付まマ4ラ時8ー、8レ間セド東コン平京ラタ日型都:ーイ9渋:)バ0谷』T0はE区ー~L:恵1、0や9比:当102そ寿0社1-土の1-2オ0日81ご・-リ-1祝1家0日ジ1(:9族:無ナ0料0等ル~)にの17:安専00心用をドおライ届ブけレすコるー自ダ動ー車を保利険用でしすた。サービスにより、 (※注『)見保守険る期ク間ル1マ年の・一保般険(分ド割ラ1レ2コ回(型払h年tt)のp末』sは場:年//、『合始wはGのw「休wKド.業aクラiさoルiイnせマisてブsのaいレy保dたコoだ険wーきa』ダ.まcoーすた.j)pには/『よ自る動事車故保発険生・の一通般知用等』に「関ドすラるイ特ブ約レ」コのー保ダ険ー料(に一よ時る払事の故場発合生、の年通間知9等,70に0関円す)でるす特。約」を
セットした契約の略称です。 (200301T) (2020年3月承認) GB19A0114
           Favorable Sales of Jointly Developed Cyber Risk Products
■ Direct premiums written*
(¥ billion) 8.0
CAGR 30.6%
6.50
0
*Total for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Promote Digitalization
■We are utilizing digital technologies, including through large-scale system investment to update online systems, to build a foundation that steadily advances business process reforms and reduces future business-related expenses.
■ We released “MS1 Brain”, an AI-based agent support system, and a telematics claims services system
that uses digital data from connected cars
and devices to assist in accident response
efforts.
Reform the Portfolio
■We are working to bolster profitability by diversifying the product portfolio that forms the source of earnings by enacting measures aimed at expanding casualty insurance and bringing fire insurance to profitability
[Examples of our efforts]
● Disaster prevention and mitigation proposals using RisTech*
and the functionality of MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute &
Consulting.
● Initiatives to improve profitability in fire insurance policies for
condominium management associations.
● Increasing sales of packaged products in casualty products for
small to medium-sized companies.
*RisTech is a new service developed by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance in partnership with Accenture that offers big data and analysis algorithm-based disaster prevention and mitigation proposals.
InterRisk Research & Consulting
Providing risk diagnosis and risk consulting services for both internal and external risks
 6.0 4.89 4.0 3.81
2.0
   2017 2018
2019 (FY)
  Group coordination to provide comprehensive cyber risk services to companies
■ Expense ratio1 trend Expense ratio excluding R&D2 costs
35.1%
34.9%
30.0%
  33.2%
2013
32.2%
2017
33.1% 32.5%
32.4% 31.9%
2018 2019
33.6% 33.9%
    2020 2021 (Forecast) (Outlook) target
Future (FY)
    1. Simple sum for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance on a non-consolidated basis
2. Investments in R&D to address changes in the environment, including infrastructure building, and to improve productivity and quality
■ Underwriting profit/(loss) before reflecting   catastrophe reserves*
  FY2019
(¥ billion)
 7.7 5.3
25.4
119.9
 Fire Marine Personal Voluntary Other Accident Automobile
Diversification of profit sources (Image)
Earnings expansion
Other
  -116.6
Improvement in profitability
Expectation for FY2021
Fire Marine Personal Accident
 *Simple sum for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance on a non-consolidated basis (the graph for FY2021 reflects current plan targets)
Voluntary Automobile
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 055
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 安全運転を進化させる保険。
、
」
全
安
が
転
「「
。
」
い
心
安
つ
も
も
の
万
が
一
の
運 と

 Domestic Life Insurance Business
The Domestic Life Insurance Business is a key growth business within the MS&AD Insurance Group. Comprising two companies with different business models, the business is showing world-class growth and profitability by offering not only medical/nursing care products, as well as death benefit and other protection-type life insurance products, but also asset-building products designed to support retirement lifestyles and asset inheritance products that can be used for inheritances and living gifts.
Business Environment and Competitive Conditions
    In a business environment characterized by interest rates remaining at ultra-low levels, growing interest in society in customer-first operations, and the arrival of an age in which living 100 years is not uncommon, the two domestic life insurance companies through their distinctive and powerful business partners, including financial institution channels and the largest non-life insurance agency network in Japan owned by the two core non-life insurance companies, develop and provide to their customers products and services that align closely to diversifying consumer needs, including those focused on medical and nursing care, inheritance and living gifts, and longevity-related risks.
Group Numerical Management Targets
Insurance premiums (FY2019)
Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021 Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017)
(¥ billion) 1,200
1,000
800 794.2 835.5 819.4
600 647.8 595.8
400
200
Vision 2021
890.2 912.0 962.0
(¥ billion) 50
40 30 20 10
0
■ Life Insurance Premiums (Gross Premiums)
Group Adjusted Profit (Vision 2021)
41.0
Among 28 companies and groups in Japan
No.9
Source: MS&AD based on published figures for each company
 ■ Group Core Profit, Group Adjusted Profit
■ EEV (Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance) Next Challenge 2017
 34.332.631.6 29.7
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021(FY)
        20.4
25.0 25.1
25.0
    (¥ trillion) 2.0
1.5 1.0 0.5 0.0
Next Challenge 2017
Vision 2021
1.39
1.00 1.00
2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast) (Target)
  1.50
2014
1.76 1.55 1.50 1.59
2015 2016 2017 2018
(Forecast)(Target)
0
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE)
(Forecast)(Target)
 056
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       Initiatives for Creating Shared Value with Society
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance is engaged in a variety of activities, including the distribution of free booklets explaining advanced medical technologies, the sponsorship of seminars on breast cancer and uterine cancer, participation in local monitoring activities and (orange ring) dementia support training courses for employees and agents as part of its effort to address social issues such as the increased burden on nursing and medical care. Moreover, in addition to the consultation service for medical and health-related issues, the company in April 2020 launched initiatives aimed at supporting the long and healthy lives of its customers, including through the creation of a consultation service focused on nursing care and dementia.
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance is focused on the coming age in which living to 100 years is not uncommon and is accordingly creating support mechanisms for a super-aged society. The longer one lives, the more pension one receives, so in addition to term-based insurance that focuses on longevity risk, the company is developing specialized nursing care annuity policies, and social contribution policies that allow the designation of public interest organizations as beneficiaries. The company is also providing products and services that respond to the diversification of social needs and changes in society, including original business games that promote investment education and offer college students and teachers a glimpse of life in an age in which living to 100 years is not uncommon.
An Orange Ring for Those Providing Support for Dementia Sufferers
Original Business Card Game: Life 100
     Progress in“Vision 2021”Strategies
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
In addition to death benefit products, the company is working to achieve sustainable growth and enhanced corporate value by developing products to meet the needs of its customers, including medical and nursing care insurance products, and leveraging its ability to offer solutions through a variety of sales channels, with an emphasis in particular on the agent networks of the two core non-life insurance companies in the Group.
Topics
         We have a management target for the life insurance cross-selling ratio (the ratio of agents selling both life and non-life insurance) as part of our effort to promote cross-selling. About 370,000 third-party long-term policies held by the two core non-life insurance companies were transferred to the company in April 2019, and targets including those transferred policies were established for fiscal 2020 and following years.
■Life insurance cross-selling ratio*
    ▶Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
・Strengthen cross-selling through the integration of life and non-life
▶Promote Digitalization
・Strengthen customer contact points and support agent activity though
insurance management
the promotion of digital marketing
▶Reform the Portfolio
・Develop products based on progress in medical technologies and
developments in nursing care and dementia care
・Expand sales in highly profitable insurance products that are resistant
to interest-rate fluctuations
14.9% 15.4% 14.1%
17.7%
18.5%
      Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
個人年金は、 未来への贈り物。
*The number of policies in force acquired through cross-selling channels (professional, corporate, automobile sales dealers) divided by the number of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance automobile and fire insurance policyholders. (From fiscal 2020, the number of policyholders (the numerator) includes transferred long-term third-party policyholders.)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (Target) (Target)
(FY)
    Topics
  With the goal of fostering a better understanding of the risks of foreign currency denominated insurance, we are working to improve the readability of our brochures and supplementary information, while simultaneously strengthening training for agents at financial institutions handling sales. In May 2019, we developed an easy explanation guide to help prevent complaints about foreign currency denominated insurance sales. In April 2020, we equipped the Tokyo Success Training Center with the latest digital devices as part of our effort to further improve agent training.
    With the goal of accommodating the varied needs of our customers, including in regard to asset inheritance, asset utilization and asset building, the company is not only promoting detailed sales activities to boost its sales capabilities on financial institution sales floors but also taking the lead in financial institution over-the-counter sales by providing a variety of training and education for those charged with attracting customers.
 ▶Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
・Promote joint efforts within the Group to improve quality and
▶Promote Digitalization
・Strengthen competitiveness by promoting paperless solicitation
activities
・Bolster support for agents and their staff through the use of the newest
▶Reform the Portfolio
・Promote long-term asset-building support, including through an
expansion of flat-rate payment products
・Expand the portfolio of products catering to customer needs
productivity
technologies
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 057
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 
  International Business
Leveraging the expertise and trust it has accumulated during its history of more than 90
years of international operations, the MS&AD Insurance Group has established a global
network that today spans 49 countries and regions* to provide insurance products and
services that meet diverse customer needs. * Excluding the Cayman Islands, where SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) is domiciled. (As of April 1, 2020)
Business Environment and Competitive Conditions
   In addition to the increase in natural disasters and heightened competition in emerging markets, the business environment is seeing a number of other changes, including a move to tighter capital regulations and supervision, as well as a shift in business models brought on by the advancement of digitalization. Within such an environment, in 2016, the Group welcomed Amlin, which is developing a global insurance business focused on the Lloyd’s insurance market in London, and First Capital Insurance Limited, the largest non-life insurance company in Singapore, joined the Group in 2017. With these moves and others, we have created a balanced portfolio spreading across Asia, Europe and the Americas, and solidified a leading position in the ASEAN region.
Group Numerical Management Targets Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021
The world’s fifth largest
non-life insurance group
   Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017) (¥ billion) Group Adjusted Profit (Vision 2021) 1,000
892.7938.8 938.8 820.5
907.1
Next Challenge 2017
Net Premiums Written
818.7
Vision 2021
  (¥ billion)
90 60 30
0 -120
75.0
800 600
      38.2 27.9 34.6
49.4 5.4
20.0 400
200
415.9461.6
    058
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
-125 0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY)
(Forecast) (Target)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast) (Target)
Initiatives Aimed at Creating Shared Value Providing fire insurance to indigenous households
 MSIG Malaysia partners with EPIC Homes, which is a social enterprise that provides a platform to improve the living environment of the marginalized indigenous people. The enterprise works to raise the living standards by Recruiting corporate and individual sponsors. To date, over 160 homes have been built through this scheme. MSIG Malaysia has developed a dedicated fire insurance specific to support this scheme and now the insurance is packaged as part of the funding scheme. As of the end of March 2020, 58 homes are covered by this insurance. Providing coverage to these homes allows Orang Asli to reside in their homes with peace of mind. At the same time, it contributes to the longevity and sustainability of these projects by protecting their sponsored funds. This makes it easier for sponsors to participate in this support scheme.
 
  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       Overview of the International Business and Our Growth Strategy International Non-Life Insurance
   Structure prior to reorganization
  Head Office
Regional holding company
 International Department
(Strategy planning, business promotion and management)
    European holding company (MS Amlin)
European non-life insurance company
Americas holding company
Americas non-life insurance company
Asia holding company
Asia non-life insurance company
      Structure after reorganization (Jan. 1, 2020‒)
  Head Office
Overall strategy Strengthening collaboration
Head Office
 International Planning Department (Overall strategy)
 International Business Department Regional strategy and business development/management
departments
 Accounting, financial planning, risk management, IT, etc.
Support
  Strengthening collaboration
   European non-life insurance company
Americas non-life insurance company
Asia non-life insurance company
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance introduced the Regional Holding company framework in April 2006, delegating certain authorities to regional holding companies in Asia, Europe, and the Americas. The business has developed according to the market characteristics of each region. However, with the aim of adapting to the rapid changes in the international business environment, the Company reorganized on January 1, 2020. The Regional Holding company framework was terminated and in general overseas subsidiaries under each Regional Holding company became direct subsidiaries of the MSI Head Office. The functions and authorities pertaining to the strategy planning at the regional holding companies were consolidated into the MSI Head Office.
Cross-regional strategy - Task Force -
Towards growth on a global basis
Strengthening profitability
     Strategy and Business Reform
 Digital
 Investment
Accelerate growth
Expansion of business in Asia
Market expansion Emerging of commercial markets
     Expansion of retail market
markets
While seeking to strengthen collaboration
as a Group under the leadership of the Head
Office, we strengthen governance and make
the business operate more efficiently.We
leverage our people with a wealth of
experience and knowledge across regions, and
examine new growth strategies that factor in
environmental changes. As a result of the
reorganization, we have achieved near-term
cost reductions and an expansion in the Asian
business. For the medium to long term, we will focus on developing and promoting cross-regional strategies that make the best use of the skills each Group company maintains as well as the strengths of the Group as a whole, which we believe will contribute to growth on a global basis.
Telematics, Mobility
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance is leveraging its strong partnership with the Toyota Group to develop telematics and mobility services in a five-point system that includes the Europe, the Americas, Asia, China and Japan.
Head Office Reinsurance
The Head Office at Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance has engaged in the overseas inward reinsurance as a means of effectively utilizing capital. While managing Group-wide risks, we will advance business by engaging in profit-focused underwriting for business partners with which we can maintain medium- and long-term relationships in both outward and inward reinsurance.
International Life Insurance
We are focused on continually increasing profit by investing in life insurance companies in Asian countries where increasing populations are expected to contribute to economic growth,including Indonesia, India and Malaysia. In 2017, the MS&AD Insurance Group invested in Challenger Limited in Australia (annuity insurance business) and, in 2018, invested in ReAssure Jersey One Limited in the United Kingdom (closed book life insurance business) to secure stable profits and acquire business know-how.
(¥ billion)
285.2 430.9 367.3
57.0 - 49.2 820.5 21.5
(14.1) (12.0)
2.6 - 4.4 9.9 20.0
*International Business figures are aggregates of the results for overseas consolidated subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates, together with non-life insurance companies’ overseas branches, overseas-based non-consolidated affiliates and the overseas inward reinsurance business of non-life insurance companies’ headquarters, etc.
*Figures in the “Total” rows include head office adjustments and others and are not equal to the sum of figures for each segment and each region. *Net income is on a Group Core Profit basis (Group Adjusted Profit basis since FY2018). The international life insurance business shows equity income. *The Reinsurance business is included in figures for MS Amlin since FY2017 because it was integrated into MS Amlin together with MSI
Lloyd’s business in December 2016.
*Since FY2017, the international life insurance business has included Challenger and ReAssure in addition to the former Asian life insurance business.
 Reducing operating expenses
 Increase productivity
Strengthen organizational capabilities
Reorganization (from Jan. 1, 2020)
Efficient business operation
Strengthen group governance
Business selection Business selection and focus, and focus review of operations and staffing
      Accelerate swift business decisions
Vision 2021 Stage 2
Leverage
our global talent
   From FY2022
      (of which: MS Amlin)
Americas
Reinsurance Business
Head Office Reinsurance Business
International Business Total
Asia
Europe
(of which: MS Amlin)
Americas
Reinsurance Business
Head Office Reinsurance Business
International Life Insurance Business
International Business Total
FY2011
43.7
16.8
262.2
(89.6)
(16.1)
0.1
(6.3)
3.0
(112.3)
-
-
-
-
FY2012
41.4
15.6
287.8
28.8
(11.9)
(7.7)
5.1
1.3
13.5
-
-
-
-
FY2013
56.4
16.7
369.0
16.3
1.8
(3.3)
8.5
(1.2)
18.0
-
-
-
-
FY2014
66.2
19.1
415.9
26.0
5.7
(7.9)
11.0
5.4
38.2
-
-
-
-
FY2015
69.4
18.6
461.6
12.7
(3.1)
8.1
10.7
5.7
27.9
-
-
-
-
FY2016
391.1
66.4
16.8
818.7
16.7
2.2
6.1
0.8
12.4
8.4
34.6
-
-
FY2017
430.2
71.1
57.9
892.7
11.1
(116.2)
(109.3)
4.7
(26.0)
6.4
(125.0)
-
-
FY2018
448.0
67.7
62.9
938.8
30.9
(3.8)
(1.9)
1.1
(6.7)
8.9
5.4
-
-
FY2019
58.4
69.5
938.8
23.2
-
9.4
9.6
0.6
11.8
49.4
-
9.1
FY2020 (Forecast)
           Asia
Europe
142.8
60.9
173.1
64.4
215.7
85.4
237.1
99.6
257.7
121.1
240.6
499.6
268.1
498.7
296.1
514.9
298.8
513.7
449.1
                           INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 059
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 Net Income Net Premiums Written

 Financial Services Business
In the Financial Services Business, the MS&AD Insurance Group offers various financial solutions and services that make use of its strengths. The Group is developing and providing various new financial products and services to address increasingly diverse customer needs, leveraging the full range of its capabilities as an insurance and financial services group.
Business Environment
ART Business
Climate change is contributing to many places in the world seeing an increased frequency of disasters brought on by abnormal weather conditions, including rising temperatures, torrential rains and droughts. The report from the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which was launched at the request of the G20, has heightened interest in climate-related risks, with companies recognizing the risks and opportunities inherent in climate change as well as the importance of incorporating them into their respective corporate strategies.
Asset Management, Defined Contribution Pensions
There is growing demand for asset formation amid an environment characterized by low interest rates and increased longevity.
Moreover, the number of individuals and companies with defined contribution pension policies is increasing year by year. With the goal of increasing participation, the government revised the law to expand the age bracket of those able to participate and relax enrollment requirements in May 2020.
Venture Capital
Domestic investment in venture capital firms in Japan continues to rise, reaching ¥216.2 billion in 2019. The range of investment opportunities continues to expand, including in areas such as AI, robotics, FinTech and healthcare.
  Outline of Products and Services
Alternative risk transfer (ART) refers to techniques other than traditional insurance policies to transfer risks. ART entails the use of financial technologies and capital markets to provide risk solutions. ART products include derivatives and securitized risk products, with typical products including weather derivatives, insurance-linked securities* and earthquake derivatives. We are strengthening the client base and our product development capabilities while monitoring changes in the social environment and market conditions.
*Insurance-linked securities (ILS) is a generic term for securitized products that transfer risk covered by insurance, including natural disasters, to the capital markets.
□ Weather Derivatives
Against a backdrop of abnormal weather and shifts in the business environment of our customers, there has been a growing interest in weather risk solutions. Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance is expanding its product lineup and strengthening the ability of its sales personnel to offer solutions to meet the diverse needs of its customers. Through our U.S. subsidiary MSI Guaranteed Weather, we are working to provide weather risk solutions in overseas markets.
□ Strengthening the Insurance-Linked Securities Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance is developing businesses such as investment advisory services for CAT (catastrophe) bond futures managed by Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management and soliciting operations for funds managed by Leadenhall Capital Partners. We are focused on strengthening our insurance-linked securities business by improving our customer services and bolstering our product lineup.
  ART
 Provided by the Japan Meteorological Agency
Weather derivative contract
Premium payment
Funds are received when a contractually predetermined index value is reached.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance acquired 80% of the limited partnership equity in fund management company Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP (LCP), which specializes in insurance-linked securities. The Company thereafter reorganized LCP into a direct subsidiary.
The Company will work to realize synergies while maintaining the independence of LCP and further strengthen the ILS business going forward.
    Customer
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
 060 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
        Asset Management
We work through jointly owned company Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management in the investment advisory business, the investment trust management business and other kinds of business. With more than ¥14 trillion in assets under management, Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management is one of Japan’s largest asset management companies.
In addition to providing services related to the introduction of corporate defined pension plans to small and medium-sized companies, we are working to increase participation in individual defined contribution pension plans (iDeCo), where demand has been increasing throughout society as the birthrate declines and the population ages.
 Defined Contribution Pension Business
□ Encouraging the Increased
 Use of Defined Contribution Pensions
With the goal of improving competitiveness, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance is working to enhance services offered to its customers, including by adding investment products to corporate package plans and updating the defined contribution pension website in April 2020. We are also working to bolster our sales structure and improve our efforts to address corporate demand as the number of companies introducing such plans continues to expand.
■ Number of business owners to adopt corporate pension plans
36,018
30,312 33,138
22,574 26,228
March March March March March March March March March March
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Source: Various defined contribution pension
and defined contribution pension plan data on Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare website
40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
14,628 16,440 17,328 18,393 19,832
  Venture Capital
Working through Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Venture Capital, we make investments in promising venture businesses and put group resources to their best use to provide support for the growth and development of investee companies. In fiscal 2019, we invested a total of ¥3.7 billion, largely in domestic and overseas venture firms where strong growth moving forward appears likely.
□ Expanding Investment in and Providing
 Support to Innovative IT Venture Firms 12
With an eye toward innovation, uniqueness and foresight, 10 we carefully select and invest in domestic and overseas 8 start-ups operating in the fields of AI, healthcare and IT, 6 where growth moving forward appears likely. Moreover, 42 through the network of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance we are actively promoting increased sales support for investees
and business matching between investee companies.
Investment balance
Single year investment amount 8.5
5.7 7.0 5.2 5.1 5.6
11.8
9.7
【Major Operating Companies】
The Group’s Financial Services Business is being developed principally by MSI, ADI and the following operating companies.
Sumitomo Mitsui
DS Asset Management Company, Limited
With clients including institutional investors such as domestic and overseas pension funds and financial institutions, as well as individual investors, Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management is providing high-quality asset management services utilizing an industry-leading investment research system and our global network to meet the diverse needs of our customers.
■Assets under management: investment advisory ¥6,668.8 billion investment trusts ¥8,011.3 billion (as of March 31, 2020)
■Date established: December 2002
■Number of employees: 1,074 (as of April 1, 2020)
■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 15% (as of April 1, 2020)
URL: https://www.smd-am.co.jp/english/
■Note: Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management and Daiwa SB Investment
merged to form Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management in April 2019. The new company is an equity-method affiliate of the MS&AD Insurance Group.
MITSUI SUMITOMO
INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
In addition to investing in domestic and overseas start-ups in different phases of development, mainly in the IT sector, MITSUI SUMITOMO Venture Capital continues to contribute to improved corporate value at investee companies by making the best use of MSI Group resources.
■Date established: December 1990
■Number of employees: 14 (as of April 1, 2020) ■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: https://www.msivc.co.jp/ (Japanese language only)
MSI Guaranteed Weather, LLC
In cooperation with MSI, MSI Guaranteed Weather provides overseas weather risk solutions such as weather derivatives.
■Date established: April 2007
■Number of employees: 13 (as of April 1, 2020)
■ Investment amount and balance (¥ billion)
5.2 4.9 5.1 0.8 0.9 0.9
2.7 2.5 3.7
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
0.9 0.8 0.9
1.7 2.2
   Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
  Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP
Leadenhall Capital Partners, through a fund investment, provides opportunities that benefit strongly from diversification and have little correlation to traditional assets under management, such as stocks and corporate bonds. As of March 31, 2020, outstanding entrusted assets stood at approximately $5.5 billion (roughly ¥600 billion). In terms of asset size, the company is the world’s fifth largest investment company specializing in insurance-linked securities.
■Date established: April 2008
■Number of employees: 28 (as of Jan. 1, 2020) ■Group stake: 80%
■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100% URL: https://www.guaranteedweather.com
MS&AD Loan Services Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Loan Services operates in administrative outsourcing services, credit guarantee services and personal loan services both inside and outside the Group.
■Date established: October 1976
■Number of employees: 59 (as of April 1, 2020) ■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: https://www.ms-ad-ls.co.jp ( Japanese language only)
  URL: https://www.leadenhallcp.com
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 061
 
    Risk-Related Services Business
The Risk-Related Services Business is responsible for important roles within the MS&AD Insurance Group’s value creation processes. Risk-Related Services Business units provide diverse solutions globally in cooperation with Group units engaged in the insurance and financial services businesses, and thereby make an important contribution to realizing the Group’s mission.
Business Environment
Continuing on from fiscal 2018, Japan has been hit by a substantial number of natural catastrophes, including Typhoons No. 15, Faxai, and 19, Hagibis. Large-scale natural catastrophes also have been seen overseas, including heat waves in Europe and wildfires in Australia. There also have been widespread reports of traffic accidents because of reckless driving and by elderly drivers. To add to this, the spread of COVID-19, which was revealed to the world by the Chinese government in January 2020, greatly affected civic life and corporate activity on a global scale. Within this environment, the Group provides a range of risk management support as companies and individuals face a variety of risks.
   Outline of Services
The risk management business includes services, including
the “provision of risk research and simple diagnoses along
with loss prevention advice,” “consulting services related to Interisk Asia Pte. Ltd. formulating a business continuity plan and a crisis
management plan of companies and other organizations” and “implementation of surveys and studies of the latest
risk-related information and dissemination of that
information via seminars and newsletters.”
1,312 Domestic 623 Overseas 689
85 4,809 385
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc.
(Tokyo, Sapporo, Nagoya, Osaka and Fukuoka)
【Major Operating Companies】
MS&AD InterRisk
Research & Consulting, Inc.
■Date established: January 1993
■Number of employees: 258 (as of April 1, 2020)
■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: https://www.irric.co.jp/en/corporate/
     Risk management
InterRisk Asia (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
 InterRisk Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
        Number of risk surveys conducted
Number of risk-related reports issued
Number of trainings/ seminars arranged
Number of media appearances
FY2014
1,009 Domestic 526 Overseas 483
3,873
75
232
FY2015
1,092 Domestic 500 Overseas 592
4,199
68
306
FY2016
1,031 Domestic 468 Overseas 563
3,997
84
377
FY2017
1,189 Domestic 506 Overseas 683
4,720
72
386
FY2018
1,140 Domestic 528 Overseas 612
4,903
78
347
FY2019
             Topics
        Actively supporting the COVID-19 countermeasures of companies
   The COVID-19 pandemic, which was first identified in China at the end of 2019, has had a severe impact on economic activity and people’s lives in Japan, with many businesses shutting down and people refraining from going outside. Amid such an environment, MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting continues to provide risk solutions that meet the needs of our customers.
■Providing information on COVID-19 countermeasures through the distribution of magazines and seminar videos
■Providing services related to infection countermeasures ・Tools supporting the creation of infection-related BCP ・COVID-19 consultation services
■ Providing services in line with the spread of telecommuting
・Yorozu online consultations
・Online training for new employees
・Simple diagnostics for human error when telecommuting
・Services supporting health and productivity management while employees are working from home
Providing advice on the prevention of infections and risk surveys
                                  
                            
                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                
        Providing services and consultations
                             
                 
               
                  
     
   
                                                                                                                                           
          
   
                                  
             
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                        
                       
           
                                 
                                
           
                     
                                                                     
   Created by MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting
    062 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc., is the largest risk consulting company in Japan. Utilizing its bases in Singapore, Thailand and China, MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting is globally developing its risk solution services business.

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
        Nursing Care
The MS&AD Group launched its nursing care business in 1989. Providing high-quality nursing care services that can be used by the elderly with peace of mind, we own and operate high-quality nursing homes (two facilities as of the end of April 2020) and launched the first day service center in the insurance sector in 2000 (three facilities as of the end of April 2020).
【Major Operating Companies】
MITSUI SUMITOMO
INSURANCE Care Network Co., Ltd.
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network operates a fee-based retirement home business offering nursing services, a business that provides support for in-home nursing care (creating care plans) and a home care worker (home helper dispatch) business. By providing high-quality elderly care services, the company strives to create a society in which seniors can enjoy pleasant and cheerful lives.
■Date established: October 1990
■Number of employees: 106 (as of April 1, 2020) ■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: http://www.msk-carenet.com (Japanese language only)
Fureai Do-Life Services Co., Ltd.
Fureai Do-Life Services operates elderly daycare centers. All centers employ physical therapists and other staff to implement functional training programs and other programs associated with preventive and rehabilitative care. They also provide services that are deeply rooted in local communities, based on cooperation with NPOs and schools.
■Date established: March 2000
■Number of employees: 57 (as of April 1, 2020)
■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: https://www.fureai-do.co.jp (Japanese language only)
We are developing a comprehensive assistance and call center business capable of responding to customer emergencies. We are accepting calls for help from all over Japan, including for automobiles (emergency roadside assistance) and housing (home support services), and cooperating with our partners to move our customers from anxiety to peace of mind. Our global business also assists in medical facility arrangements overseas as part of our support for our customers and their lives.
【Major Operating Companies】
ANSHIN DIAL Co., Ltd.
Anshin Dial is a comprehensive assistance company operating two call centers, one in Tokorozawa and one in Naha, with an affiliate network of more than 5,000 companies nationwide. Anshin Dial provides its customers with services designed to alleviate their worries, including roadside assistance and support for fixing problems at home 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
■Date established: November 1989
■Number of employees: 1,080 (as of April 1, 2020) ■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 58.87%
URL: https://www.anshin-dial.jp (Japanese language only)
Japan Assist International Co., Ltd.
Japan Assist International is an assistance company offering support in several foreign languages. It provides many services both in Japan and overseas.
■Date established: December 1989
■Number of employees: 326 (as of March 2020) ■MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
   Topics
    We are committed to providing a safe and comfortable living environment, having completely renovated Youlife Yokohama, a fee-based nursing care home for the elderly, and introducing color schemes helpful to those with dementia.
      Topics
    Our day service center holds seasonal events throughout the year. Popular recreational events that allow our guests to move about and exercise their voices include our summer festival and athletic meets.
     Assistance
   Topics
   Beginning in October 2019, Anshin Dial began using the communications app LINE to allow MSI and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance policyholders to request roadside assistance. Use of GPS allows customers to confirm their location and arrange assistance more quickly.
           URL: https://www.jaic.co.jp/ (Japanese language only)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 063
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 
  Asset Management Strategy
Asset management at the MS&AD Insurance Group is undertaken with an emphasis on stability and liquidity to prepare for the payment of insurance claims and benefits, and with the objective of ensuring stable returns on investments using ALM* based on the characteristics of insurance liabilities. We are reducing highly weighted strategic equity holdings where risk appears substantial. In a low interest rate environment, the MS&AD Insurance Group aims to improve return on risk by dispersing investments in diverse and sophisticated investment assets.
*ALM: Asset Liability Management. See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 98) for details.
Asset Management Strategy within“Vision 2021”
   We have made no change to our basic policy of ensuring financial soundness and stabilizing asset management earnings within the Group through a sustained reduction in strategic equity holdings and proper ALM. We are also focused on improving earnings by expanding risk-taking through global diversified investment, while also taking the operating environment into account. With the aim of achieving these goals, Group companies are enacting the measures listed to the right.
Asset allocation trends
Money trusts1 ¥1.5 trillion/6.7%
Cash, deposits and savings, etc. ¥1.9 trillion/8.4%
Others5
¥2.5 trillion/ 11.2%
Loans
¥0.9 trillion/
3.9%
Other
securities4
¥2.5 trillion/11.2%
Foreign securities3 ¥5.2 trillion/22.5%
Holding company initiatives
●Promoting the development and strengthening of asset management systems by putting to best use the Group’s comprehensive strengths.
・Promoting the increased sophistication and expansion of ESG investments and working to ensure the sharing of operational know-how within the Group.
● Strengthening asset management governance.
・Promoting compliance with regulations and enhanced asset management monitoring
within the Group.
Operating company initiatives
●Remaining focused on the safety and liquidity of asset holdings, and maintaining ALM based on each company’s liability characteristics.
●Reducing strategic equity holdings by ¥500 billion between fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2021. ●Increasing diversification in return-expected assets*, including foreign securities
*Return-expected assets are those held mainly on the expectation of relatively high returns.
Money trusts1 ¥1.6 trillion/7.2%
  ¥23.1 trillion
¥0.8 trillion/
3.8%
Other securities4
¥2.3 trillion/10.2%
¥23.1 trillion
¥2.1 trillion/9.4%
Of which strategic equity holdings ¥2.1 trillion/9.2%
Bonds
¥5.7 trillion/24.9%
Stocks2
¥2.5 trillion/11.2%
Of which strategic equity holdings ¥2.5 trillion/10.9%
Cash, deposits and savings, etc. ¥2.2 trillion/9.7%
Others5
¥2.7 trillion/ 11.8%
Bonds
¥5.8 trillion/25.2%
   Total assets as of the end of March 2019
Total assets
as of the end of
March 2020
Loans Stocks2
     1. Mainly assets corresponding to the liabilities of the domestic life insurance companies
2. Mainly strategic equity holdings and shares held purely for investment purposes
3. Foreign securities held by domestic insurance companies and securities held by foreign insurance subsidiaries 4. Mainly special account assets of domestic life insurance companies
5. Mainly tangible fixed assets, intangible fixed assets and goodwill
Adapting to an Environment Characterized by Low Interest Rates
With the goal of maintaining and improving profitability, we are enacting proper forex and credit risk management, while simultaneously diversifying investment toward assets expected to show relatively higher returns, including overseas corporate bonds and alternative assets. We will also leverage the Group’s comprehensive strengths to develop and strengthen our global asset management system.
Investment balance for return-expected assets
Foreign securities3 ¥5.2 trillion/22.7%
Overseas corporate bonds Overseas stocks Alternative investments
7.4 (trillion)
2020 (FY) Forecast
 5.5 6.2 2016 2017
7.1 7.1
2018 2019
    064
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
         Initiatives to Strengthen ESG Investment
The Group is focused on strengthening its structure to expand ESG investments, while simultaneously developing asset management‒based CSV activities.
                     Incorporation into the investment process
Building a process considering ESG factors
Improving dialogue
Incorporating ESG considerations into our dialogue with companies
and subcontractors
Expanding impact investment*
Considering Group-based initiatives
FY2019
Investment in Green Bonds
¥16.5 billion Investment and financing in solar,
biomass and wind power generation
¥14.7 billion
 Actual Examples of ESG Investments
    FY2018
Investment in Green Bonds MS Approx. ¥4.0 billion AD
Investments in Japanese ESG stock funds
¥5.5 billion Renewable energy-related investments ¥5.0 billion
MS AD MSA MSP
MS
  MS
 Investmentsinsocialbonds ¥1.0billion Investments in Industrialize Africa Bond MSA
*(Social) impact investment is investment intended to have a desired impact on society and the environment while also generating financial returns.
Approx. ¥2.6 billion
Putting the Stewardship Code into Practice
Source: GSG National Advisory Board
                    In May 2014, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance declared their acceptance of Japan’s Stewardship Code and have since engaged in constructive dialogue about ESG with the companies in which they have invested, encouraging sustainable growth and improved corporate value at investees from a medium- to long-term perspective.
Examples of dialogue with investee companies
Number of companies in which we have invested and engaged in dialogue (July 2018‒June 2019)
281 205 486
 MS
 AD
Total (simple sum)
  Number of companies engaged in dialogue
    Example 1: Shareholder returns
 Example 2: Medium-term management strategies
 Dividends were low the previous year due to the priority being placed on the repayment of interest-bearing debt. However, a reply was received indicating the dividend would increase if financial conditions improved. As this year saw a significant improvement in earnings performance, the company announced a dividend increase, with the dividend payout ratio surpassing the company’s standard.
We instigated dialogue with companies in industries expected to show slow growth in the domestic market over the medium term and exchanged views with management at these companies regarding strategies moving forward. We confirmed the implementation of domestic policies aimed at improving profit margins through the advancement of high-value-added products and overseas policies targeting the acceleration of new customer acquisitions by improving product and brand recognition.
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 065
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 
 Creating Shared Value (CSV Initiatives)
Special Feature
- Solving Social Issues through Business -
02
Create a safer mobility society
01
Deal with new risks
P. 67
04・05
Support “good health and longevity”
PP. 70- 71
P. 68
03
Strive for resilient community development
P. 69
07
Work toward the realization of “leaving no one behind”
P. 73
Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation
PP. 28- 33
06
Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
P. 72
With the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as our leading marks for putting our value creation story into practice, the MS&AD Insurance Group is further advancing efforts to create shared value (CSV initiatives) and working to realize a resilient and sustainable society.
066 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Our Way Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       01
Despite the continuously growing threat of cyber risk that stems from the evolution of today’s information society, research by the General Insurance Association of Japan indicates that one in four SMEs has not taken action against cyberattacks. The emergence of cyber risk, however, can have a major impact on business activities and can even imperil the continued existence of companies.
During fiscal 2019, the MS&AD Insurance Group expanded the Groupwide Cyber Security Liaison Council to develop and provide products and services tailored to the actual situation of cyber risk among SMEs.
 Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
   Providing cybersecurity countermeasures to SMEs
D uring fiscal 2019, we were entrusted with the Aichi Prefecture Cyber Security Support Team Demonstration Project organized by the
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Information-technology Promotion Association, Japan (IPA). This opportunity allowed us to encounter the actual situation of cyber risk among SMEs and the awareness of those involved, thereby serving as a valuable learning experience. Many SMEs believe that cyberattacks are limited to large companies and IT companies, and thus tend to feel that they are an unlikely target. After installing an inspection system, however, the demonstration project revealed that one SME was already in fact receiving cyberattacks. Despite its exposure to risk, this SME was neither knowledgeable of nor had made sufficient preparations for such. Therefore cybersecurity countermeasures for SMEs must include services that deepen the awareness and understanding of risk in advance of insurance products. Although the Group provides cyber risk diagnosis, targeted e-mail attack training and other services, we continuously seek out new collaborations with outside experts to evolve these into more effective services. Upon interviewing many start-ups in Silicon Valley in January 2020, I (Onizawa) fully recognized that the cybersecurity industry is making rapid advances, as well as the importance of always keeping an antenna out for advanced technologies and services. However, cyber risk is not just an issue of technology. In many cases, actual risk is caused by human error. What
was new for me was that influential start-ups, in addition to holding advanced technologies, combine these with technologies and software that convey cyber risk in an easy-to-understand manner to help those involved understand the situation. Unlike cybersecurity service companies, we have an ability to help our customers through insurance in the event of an “actual incident.” Although I (Suzuki) was only recently appointed to this department , for this reason I intend to place importance on terminology that anyone can easily understand and thoroughly convey risk by developing services tailored to the needs and perspectives of customers. At the same time, I intend to focus on promoting cybersecurity that includes the provision of insurance products.
In 2020, today’s information technology society has entered a new phase with the emergence of COVID-19. Cyber risk has grown beyond that of the past following the rapid introduction of telecommuting among companies, so we launched the Comprehensive Telecommuting Compensation Insurance in May, which allows SMEs to utilize telecommuting safely. We will continue to provide support so that SMEs can enjoy the maximum benefits of a society in which information technology is undergoing rapid evolution and can continue their business activities in a safe, secure manner.
     1
At the Silicon Valley Start-Up Pitch
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Cyber Insurance Underwriting Section, Casualty Underwriting
Department Deputy Manager
Yuki Suzuki
After joining the company in 2008, he was assigned to the Accounting Department and was later seconded to a Group company involved in Internet insurance. He has held his current position since April 2020.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Cyber Risk Security Team, Casualty Underwriting Department Deputy Manager
Kei Onizawa
After joining the company in 2011, he served in the Corporate Production Section of Hamamatsu Branch and was later placed in charge of underwriting liability insurance in the Casualty Underwriting Department. He has held his current position since April 2019.
               Social issues
Despite growing cyber risk among SMEs, SMEs do not have sufficient knowledge and have not made sufficient preparations
Solutions
Convey knowledge and preparations for cyber risk in an easy-to-understand manner, and provide insurance in the event of a “cyber attack incident”
● ●
● ●
Impact on society
Prevention of cyber risk and swift recovery from damage caused by cyberattacks
Stabilization of corporate management by providing cyber insurance
Economic impact on the Group
Development of new products and expansion of services in the cybersecurity field
Growth in the insurance market associated with the development of an advanced information society
             Related SDGs  9 :Industry, innovation and infrastructure
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 067
   Deal with new risks
    
   02
Against the backdrop of rapid innovation in today’s mobility society, new driving technologies are being researched and developed. Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance focuses on providing and developing telematics insurance products and services based on big data, both domestically and internationally, that address today’s new mobility society. We launched the Telematics Mobility Service Project within the company to develop and provide new insurance products and services that leverage telematics technologies.
   Deploying a telematics business in the United States
I
n 2016, we established Toyota Insurance Management Solutions USA, LLC (TIMS), which provides telematics automobile
I think it will be necessary to accurately understand new risks and customer needs, and to ensure that autonomous vehicles, for example, are legally and socially acceptable. Moreover, it will be important to deepen our expertise through contributions to “safe, secure, comfortable mobility services” as one of the core elements of Smart Cities and Super Cities, apply this expertise, and develop and provide insurance products and services that can contribute to “lifestyles, health and community development.” I also feel there will be even greater demands than before for providing appropriate risk coverage that utilizes objective data to more fully and accurately determine uncertain risks. I will challenge to develop new insurance products with an awareness of our company policy, which is to deploy globally as a front runner in the telematics and mobility service business by continuing to research ways of applying new technologies like telematics and leveraging the technologies we have acquired thus far.
insurance services for Toyota-connected vehicles in the United States, in cooperation with Toyota Financial Services Corporation and Toyota Motor Corporation. TIMS analyzes mileage driven, driving hours, driving time, hash braking & acceleration and other telematics data from connected vehicles and provides the results to partner insurance companies. In 2019, we began collaborating with Progressive Casualty Company, one of the largest telematics insurance companies, and, together with Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, launched BrightDrive, a usage-based telematics automobile insurance for Toyota-connected vehicles.
BrightDrive uses driving data collected from the connected vehicles to provide a discount based on how safely the customer drives. We feel this concept contributes to realizing a safe & secure mobility society because customers who practice safe driving help reduce traffic accidents. Moreover, this insurance provides high-quality repairs using Toyota Genuine Parts in an accident, which makes for a Win-Win-Win product for customers, Toyota (including Toyota dealers) and TIMS. Another major feature is that we have built a fully online insurance solicitation system for BrightDrive.
I am in charge of deploying and promoting telematics automobile insurance and services for Toyota vehicle owners, teaming up with local staff.
 !!"#$%&# #1*%"234"%-&#"
$.$'/'0'.+ &'()*+,")-./.0(
         !"#"$%&'()
!"#$%#&'(%#'#)*$(#&+,*-),".)",/()0(-"110,)($#+/-)2$/-
%'//"#$"2
!"#"$%&'()*''
"'(&!&$) *+,* #"%-&#" !"#$%&'&()*$*+$,#-*+#./0#*123&%&45*+2.&#456
!7&,#+45%#+-*8#$%48-*.211/(&45*9#:#%2;1#(46
!"#$%&'(%) !*+,$&'(%)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Telematics and Mobility Services Business Development Department
(seconded to Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Services USA Corp.) Deputy Manager
Keiichi Kato
After joining the company in 2010, he was involved in the response to the Great East Japan Earthquake at the Sendai Branch and was later seconded to Toyota Connected. He has held his current position since April 2019.
        !"#$%&'($)&*$)+,-.',)/*',,$"+$)-0)"$1)2',3$)/%$'&4-")4") '"&4/45'&4-")-0)+-4"+).$6-"#)7-.4,4&6)&-)%$',48$)97'%&) :4&4$;)'"#)935$%):4&4$;
            Social issues
The need to address new risk associated with technological innovation related to mobility and communications is becoming increasingly in-demand
Solutions
Provide new insurance and services by utilizing and researching the latest information technologies and driving behavior data
●
●
● ●
Impact on society
Contribution to a safe, secure mobility society by preventing and reducing traffic accidents and raising safe driving awareness among policy holders
Reduction in the burden on customers through insurance premium discounts
Economic impact on the Group
Reduction in claims payments because of fewer traffic accidents Identification of insurance needs corresponding to new technologies
             Related SDGs  3 :Good health and well-being         1 1:Sustainable cities and communities
068 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
   Create a safer mobility society
    
   CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Our Way Our Platform Appendix Data Section
        03
A sustainable regional economy with sufficient local employment and wealth reproduction in addition to being resilient to natural disasters is essential for resilient community development. Japan promotes policies for regional revitalization based on the “Act on Overcoming Population Decline and Vitalizing the Local Economy in Japan” under this concept. After participating in the NAGANO×KANTO Regional SDGs Consortium, held as a model project by the Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry in 2018, Nagano Branch of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and InterRisk Research & Consulting have engaged in supporting the system.
 Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
   Supporting Nagano Prefecture SDG-Promoting Companies Registration System
I
was assigned to Nagano Branch in April 2018, at the time which I started to experience global trends like the flourishing of ESG investment,
institutions, commerce groups and the Prefecture helping to raise the competitiveness of companies in Nagano; and our Group undertakeing CSV initiatives using the SDGs as leading marks. In 2019, along with four financial institutions in Nagano, we received the Minister of State for the Promotion of Overcoming Population Decline and Vitalizing Local Economy in Japan Award for this initiative as “‘Signature Initiative Examples’ by Financial Institutions Contributing to Regional Revitalization.”
As of May 31, 2020, approximately 380 companies in Nagano had registered as SDG-Promoting Companies. The initiative has led to increasing opportunities for registered companies to share information with each other and to generate new business opportunities. With our support, if the program provides opportunities to recognize the SDGs and this helps to launch new businesses among local companies, we will be able to contribute to regional revitalization and see a demand for insurance that can support their business. In this way, I feel that working closely together with local people and harvesting the business achievements together is exactly CSV (creating shared value).
Advancing these kinds of initiatives and active communication will get young, talented human resources from the region to find a job in the local areas. Moreover, regional revitalization requires local companies to be more competitive and regional economies to be energized. Along with this, we will seek our growth together.
which demands long-term economic growth over short-term profits. Although this movement had yet to penetrate within SMEs, I felt that if excellent companies in Nagano study the SDGs and become vigorous leaders, the regional economy would be energized and regional revitalization would take off. At that time, I heard that the SDGs Consortium was going to be launched in Nagano, I offered my support because I certainly wanted to participate in and support this initiative. Although I initially joined as an observer, as a result of cooperating with many departments within the Group that held the same motivation as myself and actively proposing ideas at each meeting, I earned the trust of the Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nagano Prefectural Government to become a formal member.
Nagano Prefecture was considering a system to support companies tackling the SDGs and had been studying the registration requirements. Initially, the Prefecture primarily discussed business opportunities that contribute to the SDGs, but from an insurance company’s standpoint, I was able to contribute to creating the requirements for the system by pressing the need to focus on the business risks in a society that demands the SDGs. And I was able to experience the joy of creating a regional revitalization model based on the SDGs as a result of the overlapping desires of the Japanese Government to create a model for revitalizing regional economies; as well as financial
     1
Nagano SDGs Market Development Project Report Meeting in February 2020
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Nagano Branch and Second Nagano Sub-Branch Manager
Shiro Katsumata
After joining the company in 1994, he worked in the Retail Sales and Sales Planning departments, was seconded to the Cabinet Office of Japan and served in the Corporate Planning Department. He has held his current position since April 2018.
             Social issues
Falling birthrate and aging population, as well as the concentration of populations in urban areas, are accelerating the decline of regional economies
Solutions
Revitalize regional economies based on support for sustainable growth among local companies
●
● ●
Impact on society
Realization of resilient community development via job creation and strengthened regional industries
Economic impact on the Group
Expansion of opportunities to provide insurance through regional economic revitalization
Expansion of the sales market by creating regional networks
             Related SDGs  8 :Decent work and economic growth         1 1:Sustainable cities and communities
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 069
  Strive for resilient community development
  
 04
As we approach an era in which average life spans could reach 100 years, in addition to prolonging healthy life expectancy, extending asset longevity (the duration asset holders can live without financial restrictions) is an important part of preparing for longevity risk. Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance is actively working to increase annuity payments by enhancing the tontine system,* as well as to develop and provide tontine annuities that cover longevity risk, as a means of ensuring customers can live more fulfilling post-retirement lives.
*Based on a system that reduces benefits paid to the deceased and transfers the reduced amount to the annuities of the living, those who live longer receive a larger annuity during their lives.
   Providing tontine annuities that cover longevity risk in
 anticipation of an era in which average life spans could reach 100 years
A lthough public pensions are raised as one method for supporting prolonged post-retirement lives in anticipation of an era in
which average life spans could reach 100 years, I feel there are many cases where individuals will need to dispose of financial assets to make up for shortages in retirement funds that cannot be fully covered by public pensions. However, we cannot predict how long we will live. Therefore, many people face uncertainty (longevity risk), for example, questions over how much funding they should prepare and what pace of disposal will cause financial assets to run dry. Providing products and services that cover this kind of longevity risk is something I feel connects to putting the MS&AD Insurance Group’s value creation story into practice. We worked to develop these products in the following two stages.
First, we developed an individual annuity insurance with a new structure that addresses longevity risk. Specifically, we developed a new type of individual annuity insurance that adopts a tontine system (tontine annuity) as a structure to effectively prepare retirement funds even at low interest rates.
Next, we captured the different ways in which people spend their post-retirement lives, their value systems and their diversifying needs by expanding this tontine annuity into “ASHITA NO YOROKOBI2,” a comprehensive annuity product consisting of four courses.
Specifically, the “Amount receivable oriented course” is designed to provide a larger annuity amount, the “Pre-pension benefit/whole life death protection course” allows for the annuity to be received while securing assets to be passed on to surviving family members, the “Fulfillment at maturity course” is designed to increase the annuity capital at the end of the deferment period and the “Target course” increases via compound interest to ensure investment results without overlooking the timing. Customers can choose from among these four courses to meet their different needs for “receiving,” “increasing” or “passing on.”
Upon developing these tontine annuities, we selected product content that captures different customer needs based on exchanges of opinions between relevant parties, both from inside and outside the company, and insurance agents. Through tontine annuities, we hope that as many customers as possible achieve more fulfilling post-retirement lives.
I will continue to work toward realizing our value creation story by providing products and services for new systems that support the “good health and longevity” of customers.
   1
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Product Group, Product and Marketing Department General Manager
Masako Kohei
After joining Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (current name) in 1993, she was responsible for product development, etc., in various underwriting departments and spent two years in the Production Department. She has held her current position since April 2014.
             Social issues
Demand to address longevity risk and lifestyle diversification coinciding with longer average life spans
Solutions
Support asset formation for an era in which average life spans could reach 100 years, and provide products and services corresponding to funding needs
● ●
● ●
Impact on society
Securing financial assets and extension of asset longevity that helps provide a sense of post-retirement security
More active seniors living fulfilling post-retirement lives
Economic impact on the Group
Expansion of the sales market from providing products and services that capture diversifying needs
Greater presence in OTC bank sales
             Related SDGs 3 :Good health and well-being
070 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
  Support “good health and longevity”
 
   CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Our Way Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       05
Japan’s society is aging at a pace unseen anywhere else in the world. Along with the continuous growth in the proportion of the total population over the age of 65, extending the healthy life expectancy associated with the increasing number of those over the age of 75 is also becoming an issue. The number of elderly persons with dementia has been growing steadily, and it is estimated that by 2025 nearly 7 million elderly persons, or roughly one in five, will have dementia. To realize a sustainable society within this environment, hopes are being placed on services that detect early signs of cognitive decline and provide measures to prevent functional decline at the stage before elderly persons develop dementia.
 Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
   Implementing initiatives to detect dementia early on through open innovation
A fter being seconded to a medical organization in my sixth year at the company, I became involved in development, surveys and
research into services related to healthcare and the elderly. Although I had already recognized healthcare and aging as social issues since that time, I now feel that considering these in combination with business environment change such as digitalization will be critical for the future.
As Japan’s society ages, an increasing number of people are displaying mild cognitive impairment (MCI), an early stage of dementia. Despite active research into pharmaceuticals designed to treat and prevent dementia, however, a specific medicine has yet to emerge. Therefore, it is felt that one effective measure for preventing symptoms from worsening is to appropriately address the situation early on at the MCI stage. Thus, technologies are being developed to detect MCI early on and to prevent aggravation. Against this backdrop, supporting the practical use of those treatments that rely on voice, sight, smell and other senses, and that can be easily used by anyone, will connect to “identify and inform on risks” as part of the Group’s value creation story. This is what I see as the role of the insurance industry.
Since fiscal 2018, the MS&AD Insurance Group has collaborated with the University of Tokyo Center of Innovation (COI), a hub for a “Self-Managing Healthy Society,” to advance initiatives for realizing a “Sustainable, Healthy Longevity Society.” In
September 2019, we initiated joint research with the University of Tokyo on developing services that provide dementia prevention measures and have already begun to detect signs of MCI using voice based on the technology developed by the University of Tokyo COI.
With the goal of developing an algorithm to identify cognitive levels based on voice, this joint research leverages the Group and our network of Group companies in working to collect and analyze the voice data, etc., of elderly persons that are essential for this research. In the future, we aim to commercialize the technology born through this project and put it to practical use in society.
Currently, I am taking the opportunity to gain a new perspective on aging societies from the stance of business, for example, by participating in the Society for Applied Gerontology-Japan. There is now a shift from extending healthy longevity and care to prevention, as well as innovations in the use of healthcare data, for example. But I intend to capture these changes as business opportunities and to become involved in industry, government and academia open innovation while at the same time providing products and services that support society.
    Elderly Data Collection Facility (Fureai Do-Life Services)
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Product Development Group, Product Department
Manager
Masamoto Yamaguchi
After joining Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (current name) in 1988, he worked for InterRisk Research & Consulting and the Underwriting Department at Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance. He has held his current position since April 2016.
             Social issues
A growing number of elderly persons with dementia as society ages
Solutions
Provide support to detect early signs of cognitive decline and prevent functional decline
●
● ●
● ●
Impact on society
A greater number of elderly persons enjoying independent lifestyles
Revitalization of regional society
Lower future medical expenses and nursing care expenses
Economic impact on the Group
Development of new insurance and services based on an industry, government and academia network
Strengthened customer base because of regional revitalization
             Related SDGs  3 :Good health and well-being
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 071
  Support “good health and longevity”
  
  06
“Resilient and Sustainable Society” is based on natural capital (biodiversity). The European business community, in particular, has begun expressing a sense of crisis and taking concrete action in this area; for example, “biodiversity loss and ecosystem collapse” was ranked as one of the top global risks at the Davos World Economic Forum in 2020. Since 2010, the MS&AD Insurance Group has focused on land use, which is an important aspect of the connection between business activities and natural capital, and has worked on the joint development of a method to visualize the degree of biodiversity consideration in corporate green spaces. In 2013, this concept expanded into the “Association for Business Innovation in harmony with Nature and Community® Certification System,” and we continue to be involved in its operation.
   Implementing ABINC (Association for Business Innovation in
 harmony with Nature and Community®) certification system initiative
I
have been engaged in research and consulting related to business and biodiversity since 2000. At that time, people would ask me, “what is
Under the initiative from the business world, both JBIB and ABINC serve as movements that facilitate dialogue with academic experts, environmental NPOs and other stakeholders, and by which companies and society collaborate to create guidelines for solutions to social issues through business. Although the Group also engages in consulting regarding biodiversity and has received many such consultations from corporate customers, we feel that our track record in and network for these guideline creation will contribute to relationship building that supports sustainable business activities.
I imagine that many people were healed by the green radiance of nearby forests and ripples of water in nearby ponds and rivers during the period of self-quarantine this past spring. Currently, discussions of post-COVID-19 community development are showing growing interest in green infrastructure that brings out the attractiveness of nature and its multifaceted functions. We feel that companies creating guidelines in cooperation with society is expected to become much more important in the development of communities in the future where public-private partnerships are anticipated. We will continue to evolve what we have learned from the ABINC certification system into mechanisms for promoting green infrastructure and creating new businesses that are coexisting with local nature.
*The 10th meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity held in Aichi Prefecture in 2010
biodiversity?” However, toward CBD COP10* in 2010, there was a growing interest in biodiversity in Japan. In 2008, the Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity ( JBIB), organized by voluntary companies, was established with the aim of internalizing biodiversity into corporate management. We are still involved in its management.
The government of France proposed the establishment of an ISO standard for biodiversity. However, it is necessary to provide easy-to-understand guidelines for biodiversity issues as compared to climate change, which can be evaluated solely by CO2. In 2011, the JBIB had already established guidelines and standards for corporate green spaces that take biodiversity into consideration. There were strong demands for certification using these standards, so we took part in the launch of the ABINC certification system following the establishment of the Association for Business Innovation in harmony with Nature and Community. In response to the excitement over ESG investment in the real estate field, the ABINC certification system is now recognized as a green building certification among global investors. Moreover, for the purpose of achieving the SDGs, we have also created the ABINC ADVANCE certification, which evaluates urban development projects that contribute to resolving issues through biodiversity. The first certified project is “HARUMI FLAG,” which utilizes the Olympic and Paralympic Village after the event.
   Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Surugadai Building and Surugadai
New Annex Green Spaces which have received the ABINC Certification
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc. Fellow
Makoto Haraguchi
He has held his current position since December 1996. Advisor to JBIB(Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity), Advisor, of ABINC(Association for Business Innovation in harmony with Nature and Community).
Vice Chairman.
            Social issues
In urban development, consideration for biodiversity is insufficient and the blessings of nature are not felt
Solutions
Establish an evaluation method and certification system to visualize the degree of consideration to biodiversity (coexistence with nature)
Impact on society
● Expansion of green spaces that consider biodiversity, and reinforcement of multifaceted functions of nature
● Spreading awareness of coexistence with nature in society
Economic impact on the Group
● Expansion of the network between companies, governments, universities and NPOs engaged in improving the sustainability of natural capital
● Expansion of risk consulting opportunities regarding biodiversity and natural capital
             Related SDGs 6 :Clean water and sanitation         1 1 :Sustainable cities and communities         1 5:Life on land
072 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
   Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
 
         CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Our Way Our Platform Appendix Data Section
         07
The SDGs aim to realize a world in which no one is left behind from the development of society. One of the core issues in achieving SDGs is the concept of “financial inclusion,” which enables all people to access financial services. There are still many people throughout the world who are unable to have a bank account, but access to financial services would allow them to safely manage financial assets, start companies and easily expand their business. As an insurance product that is provided to the low-income group at low cost, microinsurance is expected to become more widespread because it mitigates the degree of loss for vulnerable individuals in the event of unexpected circumstances. Furthermore, microinsurance enables a person to be more financially independent.
        Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
   Providing microinsurance to support self-employed
 micro-entrepreneurs (SEMEs) in the Philippines
B PI/MS Insurance Corporation is a joint venture between Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI), one of the
largest banks in the Philippines, with which we engage closely. In 2016, BPI Direct BanKo (BanKo), a subsidiary of BPI, began providing small loans to self-employed micro-entrepreneurs. To broadly provide financial services to many people who would typically be unable to have access to bank services, BanKo launched 10 pilot branches in 2016 and expanded to 300 branches across the country in 2019.
In 2018, we proposed to BanKo to combine our microinsurance with their small loans upon receiving information about their branch network expansion and new loan product sales plan. We developed a product together with BanKo and launched loans bundled with the microinsurance product, “BanKo Secure Assist,” in November 2019. Although insurance claim amount is not large due to small premium of 75 pesos, the prompt receipt of the claim amount in the event of unexpected circumstances is very helpful for small-scale enterprises. This is because for those who run businesses as individuals, encountering personal accidents or damage to business property due to disasters can directly lead to interruption of their business’ operations and reduction of their earnings.
Upon launching this product, however, we faced many difficulties in securing product approval from the regulator and in organizing the internal process
flow. With repeated modifications aimed at simplifying and fast-tracking the process of insurance claim payment from a customer-focused perspective, we have implemented improvements to enable payment of claims within 10 days.
Although the Company has provided microinsurance for some time, we have expanded the distribution of this product by working with the bank to bundle microinsurance with loans, which makes it easy for the SEMEs to access. Roughly seven months after launching this service, as of May 31, 2020, we had already provided more than 45,000 policies, despite the impact of COVID-19.
Many SEMEs are engaged in business in the Philippines. According to a 2018 study by the Philippines Department of Trade and Industry, such enterprises account for a little under 90% of all commercial enterprises and employ a little under 30% of all workers in the country, thereby serving as a critical economic unit for the Philippines. Small loans and microinsurance support their businesses and contribute to the expansion of their business scale.
Supporting these businesses will help revitalize the economy of the Philippines, while instilling the use of financial services is expected to expand the insurance market.
  Insurance claim payments
● Accidental Death and Permanent Disablement
● Hospital Cash Assistance
● Burial Cash Assistance
● Property Cash Assistance (Fire, Earthquake, Flood,
Typhoon)
   Department members prepare
“BanKo Secure Assist” forms for sending
BPI/MS Insurance Corporation BPI Retail Sales Manager
Karen R. Abila
She joined FGU Insurance, the predecessor of BPI/MS Insurance Corporation, in 1996 and was assigned to her current department in 2011. She has been involved in the microinsurance business since 2016.
       Social issues
Insurance for SEMEs is insufficient, which makes them vulnerable to business interruptions due to accidents and disasters
Solutions
Provide microinsurance by partnering with banks that offers small loans
       Related SDGs 1 :No poverty
         2 :Zero hunger
         9 :Industry, innovation and infrastructure
       ● ●
● ●
Impact on society
Strengthening the management of SEMEs
Revitalization of regional economies via the growth of SEMEs
Economic impact on the Group
Expansion of microinsurance sales
Expansion of the market via the economic growth of SEMEs
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 073
   Work toward the realization of “leaving no one behind”
  
      40,000 Group Employees Engaged in CSV
The Sustainability Contest 2019
  To instill the understanding that creating shared value with customers (CSV initiatives) is important to become a sustainable company into the awareness and business activities of each and every employee, the MS&AD Insurance Group has held the Group-wide “Sustainability Contest” since fiscal 2018. We selected awards for excellence from among the initiative cases that connect to the sustainability of society and the Group, as well as to CSV, through the tasks and business activities employees engage in every day. Moreover, we held presentations to select the winners as part of the contest. Although fewer entrants participated than last year, the quality of the initiatives was far higher. We will continue these efforts to firmly establish the concept of creating shared value with customers using the SDGs as our leading marks.
Selection criteria
Social impact
● The initiative exhibits new concepts or new approaches
● The initiative produces a large ripple effect in solving social issues
Communication
● The initiative is held in collaboration with stakeholders*
*Customers, shareholders, agents, business partners, employees, local communities/international society, environment
Group synergy
● The initiative is described in one’s own words as a “Value Creation Story” ● The initiative contributes to greater value for the Group (not only
economic value but also quality improvements, human assets development and other value)
Approach
● The initiative is proactively planned by the entrants
● The initiative considers opinions from various standpoints
(including diversity and inclusion)
Expanding possibilities
● The initiative is expected to see future expansion
● The initiative will serve broadly as a model within the Group
      Entrant Status
Winners
Awards for excellence
   Compared to the previous year, more of the initiatives during the second year of the Sustainability Contest had a track record, and more of the initiatives showed a deeper understanding of the SDGs and looked at how to apply and reflect this understanding in the entrant’s work in practice. I felt that all the entrants had made steady progress in tackling social issues through CSV initiatives in cooperation with various stakeholders. As these activities advance further, I anticipate that entries based on completely new ideas will emerge during the next fiscal year.
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings Sustainability Section,
Corporate Planning Department General Manager
Mika Yamanokawa
I felt that each group truly thought deeply as they worked on their entry and that CSV initiatives have started to spread through the Group as a practical approach. The significance of companies is not just economic value (earnings capacity and operating profit). In addition, I feel that their goals lie in the degree to which they are needed by society and whether their activities improve society. The fact that the Group’s employees around the world are actively engaged in CSV will greatly contribute to the expansion of the MS&AD Group's corporate value.
Outside Director 
Mariko Bando
  074 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 〈 Applications 〉〈 Overseas applications 〉 309 22
2 groups 7groups

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Our Platform Appendix Data Section
       “Sustainability Contest 2019” winning efforts
  Winner
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Launching“cmap.dev,”the World’s First Real-Time Damage Forecasting Website
The “cmap.dev” website was developed to forecast the number of buildings damaged by typhoons, heavy rains and earthquakes. Ascertaining damage status in real time allows for a swift response that offers appropriate support activities for victims
and contributes to the recovery of local communities. (⇒See P. 30 for related content)
●Winner comment
We feel that insurance companies are closely connected to the SDGs. In particular, claim service departments are directly linked to disasters through insurance claims payments. In this respect, cmap.dev emerged when we considered if there was something we could do. We hope that all Group employees have confidence in contributing to customers, society and communities through our business.
Award for Excellence
Initiative themes
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Establishing the“Nagano Model”for SDG-Based Regional Revitalization
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
     Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Developing“Japanese Sake Manufacturer Insurance”
Developed a special insurance product for Japanese sake manufacturers that broadly covers quality degradation unique to Japanese sake and risks that exist at every stage, from raw material procurement to preparation, storage, shipment and logistics. In addition to protecting sake breweries from unexpected circumstances, this insurance contributes to reinforcement of the foundation and sustainable growth of regional industries.
Implementing Initiatives for Realizing an “Inclusive Multicultural Society”in
Winner
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Providing Fire Insurance for Special Housing for Indigenous Peoples
~Promoting Initiatives that Leave No One Behind~
Partnered with EPIC Homes, a social enterprise and designed a dedicated fire insurance product specially created for the Orang Asli’s homes built by EPIC Homes. This enables the corporate sponsors/partners of EPIC Homes to sponsor the insurance for uninsured homes, thereby contributing to the longevity and sustainability of these projects by protecting their sponsored funds, as well as giving the residents a peace of mind.
●Winner comment
Through our partnership with EPIC Homes, we have been able to develop a dedicated insurance product that enables us to provide fire insurance to the underserved. Contributing to solving social issues highly motivates our employees, and we look to continue playing our part in building a sustainable society.
Outline of the various initiatives
Nagano Prefecture encourages the growth of local SMEs engaged in the SDGs as a means of promoting regional economic revitalization initiatives. Providing the SDGs expertise and know-how held by the Group contributes to regional revitalization in Nagano Prefecture. (⇒ See P. 69 for details)
Formed a Regional Comprehensive Partnership Agreement with Toyohashi City, which is home to many foreign residents. This partnership contributes to safe, secure community development that goes beyond culture and nationality by having Brazilian trainees and Filipino trainees at the Mikawa Branch hold “Traffic Safety Seminars” in Portuguese and Tagalog, respectively.
Launched an initiative to extend healthy life expectancies based on the desire to support “good health and longevity” in anticipation of an era in which average life spans could reach 100 years. This initiative actively promotes a “pre-symptomatic” awareness campaign among community members through a private-public partnership.
Promoted the “Demonstration Project for Building a Cyber Security Support System that Can Be Easily Accessed by SMEs” (also called the “Cyber Security Support Team”) organized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Information-technology Promotion Association, Japan (IPA), in Aichi Prefecture. This project developed an insurance and risk service suited to SMEs to realize a higher level of cybersecurity among Japan’s SMEs.
Cooperation with Local Governments
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance
Contributing to our Greater Corporate
Value by Strengthening Customer Contact
Points through a Fusion of "Digital" and "In Person"
Improved customer satisfaction and acquired a five-star HDI rating by incorporating greater smartphone operability (= smartphone first), better telephone service quality and customer service Internet tools, chatbots and other cutting-edge digital functions.
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
Focusing on the Importance of“Pre-symptomatic”Awareness! Deploying a Joint Kanagawa Prefecture, Agent and
MSI Aioi Life Awareness Campaign for Community Members
InterRisk Research & Consulting
Exhibiting Group Synergy in the
“Cyber Security Support Team (Aichi Prefecture)”
  Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
Providing Annuity Solutions
Covering Longevity Risk
-Supplying and Consulting on Tontine Annuities-
“Tontine annuities” create the social value of “realizing safe, secure post-retirement lives” through its “products,” as well as the “annuity preparation consulting” in the sales process. Following the industry’s first lump-sum payment foreign currency denominated tontine annuity, this move contributed to Group profits by deploying a level premium payment version and an updated lump-sum payment version.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 075
Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
  
   Our Platform
Management Foundation
Group Management Based on ERM
Make internal and external investments for sustainable profit growth
Profit (return)
Balance
Capital Risk
Clarify the amount of risk that can be held while verifying the economic rationality
    Capital efficiency
Group Adjusted ROE level of 10% (Capital cost1: 7%)
  Profitability
Achieve fiscal-year targets for ROR and VA2
   Control capital on the assumption that an appropriate level of capital is
secured in a stable manner
 Soundness
Ensure ESR of 180%‒220% (= appropriate level)
          Group Adjusted ROE
Return (Group Adjusted Profit) Capital (adjusted net assets)
Initiatives to Improve ROR
Profitability (return on risk)
ROR
Return (Group Adjusted Profit) Risk (integrated risk amount3)
Soundness
Risk (integrated risk amount) Capital (NAV4)
    Products, sales and initiatives
management
 Asset management strategy
 Retention/ reinsurance policy
Change in ROR
(%)
25 20 15 10
5
0 -5 -20
Entire Group
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business5
Use of analysis of risk and return by segment
Domestic non-life insurance
1/ESR
    International Business
MSI Aioi Life
MSI Primary Life
Strengthen risk, return management according to the characteristics of products
Assessing new policies for ROR when products are developed and revised and a sales policy is formulated
Assessing the profitability of each product using ROA
       076
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Capital efficiency
2013 2014
2015 2016
2017 2018 2019
2020 (FY) Plan
Introducing new asset management methods based on risk assessment (investment profitability ROR)
Designing reinsurance schemes based on risk and return indicators
1. Capital cost: Estimate based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM)
2. Value Added (VA): An indication of how much value can be generated with respect to the risks assumed
3. Integrated risk amount represents the maximum amount of losses that are likely to be encountered once in 200 years. It is marked to market value. 4. Net asset value: Adjusted Net Assets + unrealized insurance liabilities + other equity liabilities, etc.
5. For MSI Aioi Life, an increase in EEV is deemed return. In the calculation of the entire Group’s ROR, Group Adjusted Profit (Group Core
Profit before 2017) includes MSI Aioi Life.

   CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
       ERM and Risk Management
CRO Message
    To realize its Vision , the Group formulates management plans in accordance with the Group Risk Appetite Statement with the aim of ensuring soundness, improving profitability and enhancing capital efficiency based on the ERM cycle. Specifically, in line with the Group Risk Appetite Statement and other factors, we take risks based on the allocated capital amounts, while strengthening our risk control and underwriting through monitoring such as return on risk (ROR).
Factors in fiscal 2019 included a large amount of claims payments due to large-scale natural disasters, such as typhoons Faxais (No. 15) and Hagibis (No. 19), and the fluctuations in the financial markets caused by the start of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. In addition to securing the necessary capital based on risk criteria that use event probability of once in 200 years, the Group has in place a system for confirming financial soundness by conducting stress tests that assume a variety of events, such as large-scale natural
Senior Executive Officer, CRO
Fumiaki Ohkawabata
disasters. Under appropriate risk control by utilizing reinsurance and reducing strategic equity holdings, even in fiscal 2019 we were able to sustain stable business operations, while maintaining financial soundness at an appropriate level.
The insurance industry is required to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society. Its responsibilities include maintaining the functions of social infrastructure, such as contract applications and insurance claims payments in regard to the COVID-19 pandemic, working on the development and provision of products and services that contribute to disaster prevention and mitigation against natural disasters, which might be large in scale, while further enhancing risk management.
In the years to come, we will work to enhance the sophistication of our ERM based on the emergence of new risks, such as damage wrought by cyberattacks spreading or the possibility that COVID-19 infections cannot be brought under control and become rampant.
ERM Cycle
Planning 1 Phase
Execution 2 Phase
Formulate strategies based on the Group Risk Appetite Statement and establish capital allocation amounts based on the level of assumable risk.
Take risks within the risk limits based on the capital allocation amounts.
Conduct regular monitoring of financial soundness, profitability and capital efficiency.
Based on the outcome of monitoring, examine and implement any necessary measures.
Planning Phase
        Monitoring Phase
3 4
Monitoring Phase
Execution Phase
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 077
Our Platform
Management Foundation
 
 Control of Risk
The MS&AD Group has established the MS&AD Insurance Group Risk Management Basic Policy, which underpins the common risk management exercised throughout the Group. Specifically, the policy identifies
the principal types of risk with an impact on the Group’s business portfolio, stipulates how risk factors are to be evaluated both quantitatively and qualitatively, and promotes risk management based on those evaluations.
  Please refer to the Group’s official website for more risk management information.
●Risk management (https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/erm/risk.html) ●Risk Management Basic Policy ●Risk management structure ●Insurance business risks ●Risk management in the international business
●Crisis Management System (including the Business Continuity Management System)
Specifying Risks
The Group specifies material risks that affect management as follows in fiscal 2020.
Group Material Risks
The Group identifies material risks to be controlled by management, formulates a Management Action Plan and regularly monitors the status with respect to individual risk.
   Group Material Risks
  No. FY2020 Material Risks
1
Occurrence of a large-scale natural catastrophe in Japan or overseas
2
Sharp fluctuations in financial markets in Japan or overseas
3
Increase in credit risk
4
Occurrence of behavior that is detrimental to the corporate value of the Group, loss of social credibility
5
Occurrence of cyberattacks that cause large-scale and serious impediments to operations, information leaks, and the payment of insurance claims
6
Frequent occurrence of IT system failures, the occurrence of critical IT system failures and large-scale IT system development plan- related progress delays, shortfalls, budget overruns and expected effects being unrealized
7
Pandemic of new influenza and other diseases
       Heat Map
  Occurrence of
(Japan: Earthquakes)
Substantial 2 fluctuation in
large-scale natural 1 disasters
financial markets (stocks)
 7 Outbreak of infectious disease
   3 4
Substantial
increase in credit 1 risk
Occurrence of
behavior that is 2 detrimental to
corporate value,
loss of social
credibility
Occurrence of
large-scale natural
disasters 5 (Japan: Other than earthquakes and
overseas)
Substantial fluctuation in financial markets (foreign currency exchange and interest rates)
IT system failure,
Occurrence of cyberattacks that cause impediments in operations, information leaks and the payment of insurance claims
   078
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Website Content
 Low
Likelihood of occurrence
High
delays, etc., in
6 large-scale system development
 Low Impact High

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
       Empowerment of Diverse Human Assets
In the MS&AD Insurance Group’s medium-term management plan“Vision 2021,”which started in fiscal 2018, we set out management platforms that enable employees to play active roles as a system to support our“Story of Value Creation.”Human assets are the source of the Group’s comprehensive strengths and competitiveness. We will feed through the active participation of diverse human assets to the sustainable growth of the Group. They will create innovations that lead to the resolution of social issues and the realization of our mission.
*With the idea that each member of the MS&AD Insurance Group is valued, we use the term “human assets” instead of “human resources.”
Diversity and Inclusion
Realizing mission
Creating innovation
         Diversity and Inclusion (D&I)
Human asset development
Health management
     To create an environment in which all employees are able to maximize their abilities and work with vitality, given their various backgrounds, individuality and sense of values, we are making even greater efforts toward diversity and inclusion (D&I) based on a framework that unites the Company and the Group’s domestic insurance companies.
To ensure the diversity of decision-making layers,
we will create a system to continuously bring female directors on board.
We established a framework to promote D&I within the Group in fiscal 2018, and we have been making organization-wide efforts to achieve this. These have been bearing fruit, little by
little. Currently, our top priority is to see that a certain proportion of decision makers are women.First of all, it is important to clarify our goals. We have set a goal for 15% or higher of management positions (at domestic Group companies) to be filled by women in fiscal 2020, and we have set a goal of having the ratio of females on the Board of Directors, including auditors at the holding company, of 30% or higher by fiscal 2025. Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance also aim to increase the ratio to at least 10% by 2030.To achieve these goals, we must develop a system to continuously cultivate female director candidates. We have established the “Association of Female General Managers” with about 50 members from each Group company to provide joint training with female managers from other companies, which includes activities such as learning about overcoming unconscious bias. In addition, we have been appointing some members as non-executive directors to affiliated companies to enable them to gain experience in decision-making at the management level. Looking ahead, we intend to strengthen communication with young employees and utilize the values of the younger generation in management. Furthermore, we will take on the challenge of enabling each employee to have flexibility and a wide range of value perceptions through initiatives such as establishing structures for male employees to take childcare leave for a certain period.
Road map
Executive Officer
in charge of Diversity and Inclusion
Naomi Motojima
Realization of a resilient and sustainable
Corporate Group
       D&I penetration and embedding
   Executing
and reinforcing D&I
  Establishment of Group D&I promotion structure
❶Appointment of Executive Officer in charge of promotion of D&I
❷Establishment of Group-wide D&I working group
❸Establishment of “D&I ambassadors” system to absorb the views of staff on the front lines
❹Through the establishment of such structures, we are accelerating our responsiveness by implementing measures that make greater use of diversity
❶Share information on the status of D&I and successful cases across Group companies and strengthen cooperation among companies
❷Address shared themes across the Group, accelerate promotion of D&I
 FY2018 FY2019
❶Goal of 15% of management positions (at domestic Group companies) filled by women in fiscal 2020
❷Diverse human assets playing an active role globally, irrespective of gender, nationality, disability, age, etc.
❸Penetration and embedding of D&I thinking
FY2020- 2021
FY2030
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 079
Our Platform
Management Foundation
 D&I penetration

  Women in management positions
Having established a goal for 15% of management positions (at domestic Group companies) to be filled by women in fiscal 2020, we have been conducting ongoing training and other activities that foster enhanced skills and a consciousness of career advancement so that women will be able to perform in management positions. As a result, there were 944 women in management (manager position and above) as of April 1, 2020, with a women-in-management ratio of 14.8%. This is increasing steadily every year. (See P. 51 for the trend since 2012)
Female directors
In May 2019, the Group’s CEO joined “30% Club Japan,” the Japanese chapter of the worldwide campaign to increase the representation of female board members. Believing that gender diversity is an urgent business issue that companies must address, and that diversity in decision-making is vital, the Group is making efforts to nurture female directors within it.
MS&AD was selected as a 2020 “Nadeshiko Brand” company by the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) for its efforts to encourage the empowerment of women in the workplace.
    Strengthen Group-wide efforts to give full play to the power of diversity
The “Association of Female General Managers” provides opportunities for female managers to learn and interact. In the joint training with female managers from other companies, which is part of the curriculum, we learned about how important it is to recognize and control unconscious bias and how to apply it in our work. I continue to interact with the members of the group I was in at the training. We exchange advice about human asset development and organizational revitalization. The network of female managers is a reassuring ally, and I would like us to continue to support each other and help each other grow.
In October 2019, I became a non-executive director of an affiliated company, MS&AD Business Service Co., Ltd. Through participation in Board of Directors meetings and various committees, I have been learning about corporate management decision-making and Group collaboration. I was worried about taking on such a responsible position, but I realized that there are some things that I could only see from that standpoint. I believe that the efforts of our female managers will be expanded from point to point through the “Association of Female General Managers” and other initiatives, leading to the display of even more diverse abilities. I would like to apply these valuable experiences to take on further challenges and grow.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Tokyo Metropolitan Area Administration Department Manager
Ikuko Suzuki
  Changing the mind-set of directors and management
MS&AD has conducted D&I training for Group directors so that they could deepen their understanding of unconscious bias. As an initiative to change the mind-set of those in management-level positions, management training and e-learning are implemented to foster an understanding of unconscious bias and to learn methods to proactively recognize and control one’s own bias. Moreover, to raise the effectiveness of diversity at the management level, D&I factors have been incorporated into the directors’ and managers’ evaluation processes.
Employment of people with disabilities
In June 2018, we established a subsidiary, MS&AD ABILITYWORKS Co., Ltd., to promote the employment and active participation of people with disabilities. This company develops businesses that utilizes the many individual talents of employees who possess richly distinct characters and seeks to provide a workplace where employees will be satisfied. Group companies are also promoting the hiring of para-athletes (sports athletes with disabilities) and providing support for their activities as athletes.
Employment of the elderly
Number and ratio of domestic employees with disabilities in fiscal 2019*
2.43% 727
*The five domestic Group insurance companies and the holding company (as of June 1, 2020).
A checkmark indicates that fiscal 2019 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
  We have established a system for re-employing retired employees to make the most of their experience and skills and offer opportunities to fully engage their abilities. We can refine the system depending on business needs and the work content of the individual, and we employ people up to the age of 65.
For more details, please visit our official website.
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/diversity_inclusion.html “Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) Promotion Report” is published in Japanese.
080 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Ratio of employees Number of employees with disabilities with disabilities

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
       Development of Professional Human Assets
Regarding the development of human assets that influence the overall strength and competitiveness of the Group, we provide opportunities for employees to acquire skills and overseas experience that are essential to the Group’s growth strategy. In doing so, we aim to help each individual shift to higher-value-added work that meets the highest standards of professionalism.
Digital-savvy human assets
To nurture digitally aware human assets and enhance the skills that employees need to better utilize digital technology, we are developing an educational program as a foundation to promote digitalization, in collaboration with universities and other educational institutions. We have established an online training program, “MS&AD Digital College from Kyoto,” jointly developed with the Kyoto University of Advanced Science, and a training program, “MS Digital Academy,” developed in partnership with Toyo University’s Faculty of Information Networking for Innovation and Design (INIAD). We are using the knowledge gained in the training to create business models and develop innovative products and services.
   Data Scientists
Seeing an opportunity in every challenge
in changing times
Data scientists discover actionable insights from data on social issues to provide solutions through data analysis. Generally, data scientists are required to master in technical skills, such as programming, math and statistics. In addition, we need to improve communication and presentation skills to better understand and collaborate with other people. Furthermore, I brush up my language skills to communicate with business partners and get broader access to information globally. There are many things to learn, and it surely is hard to put them into practice, however, the Data Solution Section has a place for knowledge sharing as lessons learned from everyone. This helps me to reorganize what I
 learned.
In recent years, the demand for data utilization has been growing in
every business sector while new challenges are emerging. In response, data analysis is evolving day by day, therefore I assume what data scientists can contribute is expanding. Likewise, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance employs the data-driven approach and focuses on developing products and services using the data, such as telematics insurance. The Data Solution Section is innovative and challenging. This is why I am passionate about my job.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Corporate Planning Department
Data Solution Section
Momo Suzuki
   MS&AD Garage Program
Resolving business issues
using cutting-edge technologies from Silicon Valley
At Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life, we are working to reform our business processes and strengthen our competitiveness by promoting digitalization. At the same time, we are promoting the creation of new business ideas utilizing digital technology through workshops centered on young employees. In August 2019, I participated in the “MS&AD Garage Program*” in Silicon Valley, which aims to bring in the latest technologies for problem-solving. Silicon Valley has gathered an abundance of entrepreneurs and venture capital for solving business problems with new technologies and business models, and MS&AD Ventures, as CVC, is active in this ecosystem. I have had the opportunity to meet with many people involved in start-ups. During my one-month stay in Silicon Valley, I was able to look at presentations by about 160 companies. I think I acquired the habit of thinking about the essence of issues from a different perspective than before. I believe access to wide-ranging IT technologies helped me develop
the ability to select technologies in terms of how they can be utilized within the company and how the company should apply them now. The technologies brought back are being verified to realize our initiatives such as supporting the activities of our sales staff, improving customer service by using AI, and so on.
*The MS&AD Garage Program is a program under which employees of Group companies in Japan and overseas visit Silicon Valley, which is a base for many investors and venture companies, to support the discovery of advanced technologies and new services that can solve business problems (= “pain points”) that cannot be solved in their own countries.
Actuaries
We are strengthening the development of mathematical professionals with specialized skills for making full use of techniques such as probability and statistics in product development, risk management and other processes. We hold training camps in which participants receive direct guidance from employees with actuarial qualifications. With new graduate recruitment, we have also established specialist courses for actuaries. Students can participate in a four-day internship program where they can experience the work of actuaries for non-life insurance.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
IT Promotion Department Digitalization
Promotion Section
Hideto Matsumoto
 Certified actuaries*
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 94 100 103 111
*As of April 1 of each subsequent year.
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 081
Our Platform
Management Foundation
 
  Global human assets
Possessing a network covering 50 countries and regions, the Group employees at its overseas bases number approximately 9,000 people. To train specialists equipped with an abundance of cosmopolitan sense and expertise, the Group has created systems to promote mutual exchanges between Japan and its various locations throughout the world.
  Systems Content
 ・Training system for studying international business skills, languages, etc., at overseas subsidiaries, local insurance companies and universities
・Secondment system to obtain an MBA
Number of employees who participated in the system in fiscal 2019: 48
Headquarters employees are given work experience at overseas bases, and employees of overseas bases can gain work experience in Japan for short periods.
Number of employees who participated in the system in fiscal 2019: 85 headquarters employees and 46 overseas employees
A system for temporarily posting overseas local employees to the headquarters in Japan.
In fiscal 2019, there were eight such employees who engaged in business in Japan.
Health Management
Overseas employees participating in a program in Japan.
System for training overseas Secondment system
 Global trainee system
 Headquarters postings for overseas-based local employees
   Topics
       We have a leave system that supports employees who study at universities or graduate schools at their own expense for self-development. We aim to foster an organizational culture in which each employee can feel motivated and satisfied in their work by drawing up a career vision and continuing to grow and play an active role through self-improvement and taking on new challenges.
   We aim to create a workplace that considers health and safety so that each and every employee can maintain and promote physical and mental health. We are also strengthening our efforts to prevent mental and physical disorders in our employees by establishing a speak-up system (Internal Reporting System) that allows employees to report and consult about violations of laws and regulations, internal regulations, and actions deemed inappropriate, which are difficult to resolve in the workplace or report to the department in charge. We are reinforcing structures to prevent harm to physical and mental health. We have established the speak-up system (whistleblower system) to receive reports and provide consultations for behavior that contravenes laws, our own internal regulations or might be regarded as inappropriate that is difficult to resolve at the workplace or is hard to report to the responsible business unit.
Work-Style Reform
Since fiscal 2016, we have been promoting work-style reform reducing working hours through initiatives such as “leaving work before 7 p.m. as a general rule,” “promoting the taking of vacation days” and “enhancing business efficiency,” and we are also endeavoring to improve productivity by executing management functions that work to raise the expertise of each and every employee and that utilize their diverse abilities. In addition, we have put in place various systems that enable employees to work healthily and energetically while achieving a balance between work and life and realizing their job satisfaction and growth. For example, we are working to create an environment in which employees can continue to work, and to expand support measures, such as a system that enables employees, who are to work in the same area without getting transferred, to work at another location for certain reasons, and a system that allows former employees to return to the Group after their retirement due to a life event. We will also encourage employees to take vacations and enrich their lifestyles during the created time.
Employee Satisfaction
*All-employee average on a six-point scale
4.4 points
4.5 points
Days of paid vacation used per employee/year*
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
15.7 16.0 15.6 15.7
 Employee satisfaction (pride, job satisfaction)
Employee satisfaction (working vigorously)
Indicator
Fiscal 2018 Fiscal 2019 Score* Target Score*
 Level of pride or job satisfaction
Level of feeling free and lively at workplaces regardless of gender, age, etc.
4.4 points
4.3 points
Same or higher level compared with the previous fiscal year
Same or higher level compared with the previous fiscal year
    *Average number of vacation days acquired by all employees with respect to “regular/carryover vacation days” and “special vacation days.”
   Topics
        Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, many employees are working from home or working remotely using digital tools. We are also adopting a shift working system, which allows employees to change their working hours per day, as well as a paid leave system on an hourly basis. We will continue to promote flexible work styles that optimize the use of time and place.
  082
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
       Corporate Governance
Chairman’s Message
   A decade has passed since the MS&AD Insurance Group took its first steps. A topic that we focused on when the Group first emerged was the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business, which has now secured its foundation to become a pillar of revenue. Going forward, it will set the stage on which our future will be played out over the next decade. As symbolized by the crisis of the novel coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) that confronts us today, we can anticipate that the future will hold even greater levels of uncertainty. Nonetheless, we will endeavor to elevate our corporate value by making Group governance even more robust and by attending to the expectations of our shareholders and all our other stakeholders.
From fiscal 2020, we will progress to Stage 2 of “Vision 2021,” the Group’s medium-term management plan. Together with continuing to press forward on the plan’s three key strategies, namely to “pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths,” “promote digitalization” and “reform the portfolio,” one by one, we will find solutions to the issues that we face, whether it is responding to large-scale natural disasters, recovering profitability in our International Business or improving our expense ratio, and we will strive to achieve sustainable growth.
In formulating and executing our management strategy, actively incorporating external perspectives such as those provided by Outside Directors and shareholders is, we believe, critical to the perspective of governance. The MS&AD Insurance Group has always made its selection of Board of Directors’ members in consideration of the Board’s overall makeup so that it balances knowledge, experience, competence and
gender. From fiscal 2020, we have newly welcomed a female member from the United States, Rochelle Kopp. Ms. Kopp is knowledgeable in several areas, including management strategy, personnel management, organizational development and cross-cultural communication, and we expect that she will contribute to Company management.
In this way, we are heightening the Board of Directors’ diversity and bringing in external perspectives. I believe that this also leads to transparency in management and contributes to the Group’s sustainable growth and increased enterprise value.
The recent spread of COVID-19 has had an enormous impact on the lives of people and the global economy. In a post-COVID society, or in coexistence with COVID, I feel that relationships of trust with all our stakeholders will become even more important. For that reason, I hope to clarify a vision of the society we should be aiming for and endeavor to bring that vision to reality together with our stakeholders. In the MS&AD Insurance Group, we have set forth our vision for society in 2030, aspiring for a society that is resilient and sustainable. Setting our sights on bringing this to life, in addition to efforts to further instill our mission, vision and values (MVV), I would very much like to work together with all our stakeholders to find solutions to social issues through our story of value creation.
Chairman of the Board Yasuyoshi Karasawa
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 083
Our Platform
Management Foundation
 
  Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Stance
As a company with a board of auditors, the Company’s Board of Directors has a proper grasp of auditing functions, and in tandem with this, independently appointed Audit & Supervisory Board members appropriately attend to their supervisory duties. In strengthening this dual functionality, we actively practice information disclosure in our efforts to heighten governance. The Company has established the Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee (more than half the members, as well as the committee chairperson, are Outside Directors) within the Board of Directors and the Governance Committee (comprising all Outside Directors, together with the Chairman, Vice Chairman of the Board and Representative Director). We are fortifying our stance on corporate governance that is highly effective and transparent.
  MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
(As of June 25, 2020)
       Appoint
Report
Appoint
Shareholders’Meeting
Appoint
Management administration
 Decision-making/supervision
     Audit & Supervisory Board
 1 Board of Directors (Fiscal 2019 meetings held 11 times)
Nomination Committee
(Fiscal 2019 meetings held 5 times)
Remuneration Committee
(Fiscal 2019 meetings held 2 times)
     Audit & Supervisory Board members
              Collaboration Report
      Internal audit
*Directly under the Board of Directors
Report
Report
Comments
Report Qualify/supervise
4 Task-Specific Committees (Fiscal 2019 meetings held 49 times)
・Sustainability Committee (3 times) ・Quality Improvement and Compliance
Committee (5 times)
・Group Management and Monitoring
 Task execution
2 Governance Committee
(Fiscal 2019 meetings held 2 times)
 Supervision
      3 Group Management Committee
(Fiscal 2019 meetings held 12 times)
Committee (11 times)
Report     ・Digitalization Promotion Committee
(3 times)
・Group System Committee (16 times) ・Group International Business Committee
(3 times)
・Risk Management Committee (8 times)
              Executive officer
   Each department
           Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Affiliated companies the subject of direct investments (note)
Note: There are 10 affiliated companies: MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc., MS&AD Business Support Co., Ltd., MS&AD Staff Service Co., Ltd., MS&AD Systems Company, Limited, MS&AD Business Service Co., Ltd., MS&AD Loan Service Co., Ltd., ANSHIN DIAL Co., Ltd., MS&AD ABILITYWORKS Co., Ltd., Japan Asia Investment Co., Ltd., and MS&AD VENTURES Inc.
1 Board of Directors
As the ultimate decision-making authority for Group management, the Board of Directors deliberates and decides upon matters of importance for Group management and supervises the execution of duties performed by directors, executive officers and others. (Once monthly) Comprising 12 directors (five of whom are Outside Directors) and four Audit & Supervisory Board members (two of whom are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)/Attendance rate for directors, Audit & Supervisory Board members: 98.5%
2 Governance Committee
In the Governance Committee, Outside Directors consult with the Chairman, Vice Chairman and President on matters pertaining to the status of corporate governance, as well as policies and positions, and make comments to the Board of Directors on an as-needed basis. (In principle, biannually) Comprising seven directors (five of whom are Outside Directors)/Attendance rate for directors: 92.9%
3 Group Management Committee
The Group Management Committee discusses matters pertaining to management policy and strategy, and management of the Company and the Group. It also deliberates on important matters of the Group’s domestic insurance companies. (Once monthly)/Attendance rate for directors: 98.8%
4 Task-Specific Committees
Task-Specific Committees have been established with the objective of holding discussions about important matters of Company management associated with the execution of tasks, and they work to bring the opinions of relevant departments into mutual alignment. The results of the committees’ discussions are on an as-needed basis summarized by the officer in charge and reported to the Group Management Committee, the Board of Directors and others.
084 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Accounting audit
Accounting auditor
Internal audit Monitoring
Internal audit

   CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
       Director/Audit & Supervisory Board Member Composition (as of July 1, 2020)
  Ratio of Outside Directors
Ratio of Females
Female Female 17% 50%
Outside 42%
Directors
Outside 50%
Inside 58%
    Ratio of Outside Directors (compared with July 1, 2010)
Ratio of Female Outside Directors (compared with July 1, 2010)
FY2010
FY2020
FY2010
FY2020
Audit & Supervisory Board
Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board
Members
Inside 50%
Male 83%
Members Male 50%
    39%
(Seven out of 18)
44% Increased Ratio
of Outside Directors
0%
25% Increased Ratio
of Females
Director Skill Set Distribution*
Overall management Accounting and finance Law
Administration
IT
International experience
Society and culture
Sales, market development, product planning
Claims support
Risk management, compliance
Inside
(Seven out of 16)
(None out of 18)
(Four out of 16)
Outside
                   *Items related to knowledge, experience, ability and others were set based on the employment history of and rationale for selecting each director. This chart plots the number of individuals that fall under each item.
  Topics
       Judging for the Sustainability Contest
On November 12, principal officers of domestic Group companies, including Outside Directors, attended the “MS&AD Insurance Group Sustainability Contest 2019.” They listened to employees from each Group company present their initiatives for “Creating Shared Value” (CSV) and sustainability, then presented awards.
The scene at the awards announcement
Interacting with Group company officers
           INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 085
Our Platform
Management Foundation
 Knowledge in insurance company operations
Expertise in corporate management

  Analysis and assessment of the Board of Directors’effectiveness
●Advanced discussions on important “Vision 2021” themes (pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths; promote digitalization, diversity and inclusion) and the business strategies by domain (Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business, Domestic Life Insurance Business and the International Business). With the themes firmly grounded, moving forward on discussions with a focus on problem awareness.
●Worked to convey and instill within and outside the Group the importance of our “Story of Value Creation” that embodies the Group’s management philosophy, as well as efforts at “Creating Shared Value” (CSV), through means such as Sustainability Contests, messages from corporate officers, integrated reports, employee surveys, corporate advertising series and others.
●Strengthened information dissemination on worksite improvement case studies, publicizing them internally or distributing posters or other means, to raise awareness of the “Speak-up System” and increase its effectiveness.
●Concerning the analysis and assessment of the Board of Directors’ effectiveness, consider utilization of an external institution with a view to achieving greater Board of Directors’ functionality.
●To instill our management philosophy, including at overseas entities, initiatives are taken to deepen an understanding of the Group’s Story of Value Creation and CSV efforts, as well as to further spread the Group’s Mission, Vision and Values.
●By having narrowed down agenda items, together with setting longer than conventional meeting times, topics of discussion are reduced while time for discussion granted to each item is increased.
●We have begun paperless operations by making use of tablets. In addition, visibility of materials and data has been improved by devising presentation techniques.
  Points of improvement
Points requiring further reinforcement moving forward
Points of improvement
Points requiring further reinforcement moving forward
Discussion Content and Functions at the Board of Directors
 Board of Directors Management
     ●Simplification of agenda item materials and efforts to achieve further technique improvements Efforts aimed at improving the operation of the Board of Directors
Trends in the number of agenda items
   ●Thanks to the January 2015 introduction of the so-called package
deliberation system simplifying the explanation for some items up 153
for discussion, the January 2016 expansion of items applicable to 150
the package deliberation system and the April 2016 revision to item 100 97 94 82 selection standards for the Board of Directors, there has been, with
the exclusion of package deliberation items, a decline each year in 50
the number of items discussed at Board of Directors meetings.
●Deliberation and reporting clarify essential matters and 0 promote efforts to secure time
No. of resolutions
200 (Items)164
No. of agenda items
151
134 111 79 67
55 44
2018 2019 (FY)
a. No. of agenda items with concerns expressed
b. No. of agenda items with preliminary questions and discussions taking place at Group companies
67 59 69 2015 2016 2017
 Trends in the number of agenda items where concerns were expressed and the number of agenda items with preliminary questions and discussions taking place at group companies
70 (%) 60
50
40
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Amount of time spent per agenda item (left axis)
Percentage rate of increase with fiscal 2015 as a base of 100 (right axis)
●The Company in 2014 began implementing measures
allowing the questions and opinions of Outside
Directors prior to the meeting as well as content from
group management meetings and operating company management meetings to be aired at the Board of 20 Directors’ meetings.
3740 3946 31 35
c. No. of agenda items that fall into either categories a or b 47 54 54
 24 3732 23 22 30
 ●The ratio of agenda items where either concerns were expressed or preliminary questions were aired moved from 37% in fiscal 2015 to 54% in fiscal 2019, and with primarily Outside Directors it has become easier to convey items up for discussion.
Trends in the average amount of time spent per agenda item at regularly scheduled Board meetings
●The average amount of time spent per agenda item at regularly scheduled Board meetings has continued to increase with each passing year (excluding so-called package deliberation items).
30
8 (Minutes)
6 5.27 5.67 143.5
4 129.6 2 107.6
0 2015 2016 2017 2018
6.83 7.56 8.11 (%) 180
      100
 086
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
2019
153.9 160 140
120 (FY) 100

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
       A Remuneration Plan Targeting Strengthened Governance
Basic Policy
● Our aim is to enhance Group governance and medium- to long-term corporate value.
● The remuneration plan for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members is now linked to the business performance of the
Company to serve as an appropriate incentive for sustainable growth.
● A remuneration standard that would be competitive as a global company
The Process for Determining Remuneration
〈Remuneration for Directors〉
● Upon deliberation by the Remuneration Committee, which comprises a majority of Outside Directors so as to achieve transparency, a resolution is made at the Board of Directors and an amount that does not exceed that determined by the Shareholders’ Meeting is decided upon.
● The Remuneration Committee advises the Board of Directors regarding the amount of directors’ compensation and the policies and other matters pertaining to determining officers’ remuneration.
● The Board of Directors will to the maximum extent possible adhere to the advice provided by the Remuneration Committee.
〈Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members〉
● Without exceeding the amount determined by resolution at Shareholders’ Meetings, remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members is determined with consideration to the differences of being either full time or part time, their burden with regard to auditing tasks, and reference to details and levels of compensation made to directors, as well as consultations provided by Audit & Supervisory Board members.
  Composition of Remuneration 
● Remuneration is composed of fixed and performance-linked compensation. Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members receive only fixed compensation.
● The ratio of performance-linked remuneration is set at a 50%-to-30% level of overall remuneration, according to role. In addition, performance-linked remuneration consists of monetary remuneration and stock-based remuneration. The ratio of stock-based remuneration shall be 9%- 25% of the total remuneration, depending on role.
○○○ ○ - - ○--
 Fixed remuneration
Performance-linked remuneration
 Monetary remuneration
 Stock-based remuneration
   Directors (excluding Outside Directors)
 Outside Directors
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Reference: In the case of the Chairman and Director/President and CEO (performance-linked remuneration portion is the standard amount): Fixed remuneration 50%; Performance-linked remuneration (monetary) 25%; Performance-linked remuneration (stock-based) 25%
Key performance indicators (KPIs)
● Group Adjusted Profit
● Consolidated Net Income ● Group Adjusted ROE
Using SDGs as leading markers, our progress on the following CSV initiatives (key issues for sustainability)
● Deal with new risks
● Create a safer mobility society
● Strive for resilient community development
● Support “good health and longevity”
● Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation ● Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
● Work toward the Realization of “Leaving No One Behind”
Progress on the “key strategies” raised in Vision 2021, the Group’s medium-term management plan ● Pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths
● Promote digitalization ● Reform the portfolio
● The ratio of financial and non-financial indices is set at a standard of “50:50,” and for a standard of 1.0, variation for financial indices is 0‒3.0 and for non-financial indices, 0.5‒1.5.
● Stock-based remuneration is paid through restricted stocks and, as a general rule, the restriction is released upon retirement of the officer. ● In the case that inappropriate behavior becomes evident during an officer’s tenure, either the restricted stocks will be made available for
free acquisition during the period of restriction or they will be returned after the period of restriction has been concluded.
〈Financial Indicators (Fiscal 2019)〉
● Group Adjusted Profit was ¥233.1 billion compared with the planned ¥220.6 billion.
● Consolidated net income amounted to ¥143.0 billion, against the plan of ¥198.0 billion. ● Group Adjusted ROE was 8.0% compared with the plan of 7.1%.
〈Non-Financial Indicators (Fiscal 2019)〉
● A five-stage assessment is performed for initiatives regarding each of the above seven key sustainability issues as well as the three key strategies.
 Financial indicator (single year)
Non-financial indicators (medium to long term)
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 087
Our Platform
Management Foundation
 
 Total Amount of Remuneration (FY2019)
1. Total remuneration by category, total amount by type of remuneration and number of applicable corporate officers (¥ million)
7 235 152 82 3 55 55 - 7 96 96 -
    Corporate officer category
No. of corporate officers
Total Remuneration
Total Amount of Remuneration by Category
  Directors(Excluding Outside Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(Excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Outside Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Fixed remuneration
Performance-linked remuneration
      2. Overall consolidated remuneration for persons with consolidated remuneration of ¥100 million or more
(¥ million)
     Name
Hisahito Suzuki
Corporate officer category
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
Company category
MS&AD
ADI
MSI
MS&AD
ADI
Total Remuneration
111
Total Amount of Remuneration by Category
  Fixed remuneration
23
33
28
38
Performance-linked remuneration
  Yasuyoshi Karasawa
MS&AD
131
  Noriyuki Hara
Director
MS&AD
MSI
131
14
52
  Yasuzo Kanasugi
124
14
49
         18 35 24 39
3 61 3 57
                CEO Succession Plan
  ● A succession plan was formulated upon having defined one of the key management issues as the selection and dismissal of the CEO, as well as the fostering of successors, with the aim of achieving sustainable growth and enhancing the corporate value of the Group.
CEO Selection Process
● The current CEO prioritizes the candidates and recommends them to the Nomination Committee.
● Candidates can be from within the Group as well as outside the Group.
● Deliberation of the nomination with CEO’s recommendation
● Outside Directors can recommend other candidates.
● The Nomination Committee advises the Board of Directors, which makes the final decision.
 Criteria for CEO Selection
 Ability to embody the Group’s Mission, Vision and Values and having the concept of CSV (Creating Shared Value with society) in his/her own system of values
Ability to plan and build future visions Fairness and impartiality
Ability to develop human assets Ability to demonstrate leadership Global response capability
Acting in the Group’s best interest
  088
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Development Plan for CEO Candidates
● The CEO plays an important role and is able to mentor numerous candidates. The candidates (from within the Group) should have the following experience:
・Experienceacrossdepartments(administration,operations,international,sales,claimsservices,systemsandothers) ・Managementatadomesticcompanyand/oranoverseassubsidiary
CEO Dismissal Process
● When an Outside Director deems it necessary to discuss dismissal, such as when the CEO is subject to the prohibitions stipulated in the Executive Officers Rules (violating obligations set forth in the Companies Act and other laws and regulations or company regulations, etc.) or when it is determined that it is difficult for the CEO to properly continue his/her duties due to health reasons or other reasons, the Outside Director shall deliberate on his/her own initiative with members of the Nomination Committee excluding the CEO.
Based on the results of the deliberation, necessary procedures are carried out in accordance with the Companies Act and internal regulations.
● Directors who are not Outside Directors may request a meeting of the Board of Directors to be convened in accordance with the Rules of the Board of Directors and submit proposals for dismissal of Directors at the Shareholders Meeting.
Recommendation by the current CEO
Deliberation by the Nomination Committee
Resolution by the Board of Directors
 
  CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
       Our Management Team
(As of June 25, 2020, except for the number of Company shares owned, which is as of the end of March 2020)
Directors
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Director
Chairman of the Board
Noriyuki Hara
Representative Director President & CEO
Newly Appointed
Satoru Tamura
Director Executive Officer
Hisahito Suzuki
Director
Number of Company shares owned
25,200
Important concurrent positions
Director, Chairman of the Board, MSI
Biography
April 1975 Entered Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, sales, corporate communications, financial planning, etc.
Present position since June 2020
Number of Company shares owned
21,400
Important concurrent positions
Director, President & CEO, MSI
Biography
April 1978 Entered Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in market development, sales, product operations, corporate planning, etc.
Present position since June 2020
Number of Company shares owned
6,800
Important concurrent positions
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, ADI
Biography
April 1985 Entered Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, sales planning, sales, etc. Present position since June 2020
Number of Company shares owned
37,970
Important concurrent positions
Director & Chairman, ADI
Biography
April 1973 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, corporate planning, merger preparation, life insurance business, etc.
Present position since June 2020
Yasuzo Kanasugi
Representative Director
Vice Chairman of the Board
Newly Appointed
Number of Company shares owned
31,408
Important concurrent positions
Director & President, ADI
Biography
April 1979 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in human resources, sales, corporate planning, merger preparation, etc.
Present position since June 2020
Number of Company shares owned
12,400
Important concurrent positions
-
Biography
April 1984 Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, product operations, human resources, corporate planning, etc.
Present position since June 2020
Number of Company shares owned
15,000
Important concurrent positions
Director, Senior Executive Officer, MSI
Biography
April 1981 Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, human resources planning, compliance, corporate quality control, etc.
Present position since June 2020
Meeting attendance
10 of 11 Board of Directors’ meetings (90.9%)
Number of company shares owned
3,200
Reason for appointment
She previously served in such positions as Director General of the Gender Equality Bureau of the Cabinet Office and President of Showa Women's University. We elected her to reflect her broad knowledge and experience in public administration and education, as well as wide insight into the promotion of diversity in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Chancellor and Chairperson of the board, Showa Women’s University Director (Outside Director), Mitsubishi Research Institute, Inc.
              Tetsuji Higuchi
Representative Director
Senior Executive Officer
Newly Appointed
Masahito Fukuda
Director Executive Officer
Mariko Bando
Outside Director
               Jul. 1969
Oct. 1985
Jul. 1989
Jul. 1994
Apr. 1995
Jun. 1998
Jan. 2001
Oct. 2003
Apr. 2007
Apr. 2014
Jul. 2016
Jun. 2017
Entered the Prime Minister’s Office
Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat, Councillor of Cabinet Secretariat Director of Consumer Statistics Division, Statistics Bureau, Management and Coordination Agency Director of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Secretariat
Vice-Governor of Saitama Prefecture
Consul General of Japan in Brisbane, Australia
Director General of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office
Director, Incorporated Educational Institution, Showa Women’s University President, Showa Women’s University
Chancellor, Incorporated Educational Institution, Showa Women’s University (present) Chairperson of the board, Showa Women’s University (present) Director, the Company (present)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 089
Our Platform
Management Foundation
 
        Akira Arima
Outside Director
Meeting attendance
11 of 11 Board of Directors’ meetings (100%)
Number of company shares owned
500
Reason for appointment
He has been a Director of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation and President Chief Executive Officer of NTT Communications Corporation. We elected him to reflect his broad knowledge and experience from the information and communication business in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
-
Meeting attendance
11 of 11 Board of Directors’ meetings (100%)
Number of company shares owned
2,100
Reason for appointment
He has experienced a number of posts, including university professor, member of the Financial Services Agency's Financial System Council and chairman of the Council of Experts Concerning the Corporate Governance Code and has broad knowledge and experience in the economic and fiscal fields as well as financial administration. We elected him to reflect his knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Professor, Faculty of Economics, Rissho University
Associate Professor, Faculty of Economics, Okayama University Associate Professor, Faculty of Economics, Kyoto University Professor, Faculty of Economics, Keio University
Professor, Faculty of Economics, Rissho University(present) Director, the Company (present)
Number of Company shares owned
0
Reason for appointment
Ms. Rochelle Kopp has a wealth of knowledge and experience in Japan and the United States as a management consultant, and has wide insight into cross-cultural communication. We propose to appoint her as Outside Director in order to draw on her knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Managing Principal, Japan Intercultural Consulting Professor of Faculty of Foreign Studies, The University of Kitakyushu
Kazuhito Ikeo
Outside Director
 Apr. 1973
Jun. 2002
Apr. 2003
Jun. 2005
Jun. 2007
Jun. 2010
Jun. 2015
Jun. 2017
Jun. 2018
Entered Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation
Director and General Manager of Planning Dept., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation Director and General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation Director, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation
Executive Vice President and Head of the Internet Business Division, NTT Communications Corporation
President, Chief Executive Officer, Representative Director, NTT Communications Corporation Director and Advisor, NTT Communications Corporation
Advisor, NTT Communications Corporation (present)
Director, the Company (present)
Meeting attendance
11 of 11 Board of Directors’ meetings (100%)
Number of company shares owned
0
Reason for appointment
He has a wealth of knowledge and experience concerning overall corporate legal affairs including of overseas companies as an attorney-at-law.
We elected him to reflect his knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Partner, Gaien Partners
Outside Director of AI, Inc. (Audit Committee) Outside Auditor of amana inc.
Outside Auditor of CANDEAL Co., Ltd
Apr. 1984 Apr. 1986 Apr. 1995 Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
             Junichi Tobimatsu
Outside Director
Newly Appointed
Rochelle Kopp
Outside Director
 Jun. 1986
Jun. 1987
Aug. 1988
Oct. 1992
Jul. 1994
Jan. 2015
Apr. 2019
Jun. 2020
 Apr. 1998
Jun. 2004
Apr. 2010
Jul. 2016
Jun. 2018
Registered as Attorney-at-Law, Mori Sogo (currently, Mori Hamada & Matsumoto)
Registered as Attorney-at-law in New York.
Associate Professor, Graduate School of Law and Political Science, the University of Tokyo Attorney-at-law, Tobimatsu Law (currently, GAIEN PARTNERS) (present) Director, the Company (present)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Business analyst, ZS Associates International, Inc. Senior business analyst, ZS Associates International, Inc.
International Public Relations Specialist, The Yasuda Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. (currently, Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.)
Consultant, IPC Group, Inc.
Managing Principal, Japan Intercultural Consulting (present) Professor of Global Leadership Course, Business BreakThrough University Professor of Faculty of Foreign Studies, The University of Kitakyushu (present) Director, the Company (present)
Number of Company shares owned
8,079
Important concurrent positions
       Hidema Jinno
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full time)
Tomoko Kondo
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full time)
Number of Company shares owned
10,532
Important concurrent positions
--
  Apr. 1985 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2019 Jun. 2019
Entered The Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Risk Management Dept., the Company Executive Officer, the Company
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
Apr. 1983 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2017 Jun. 2017
Entered Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (“ADI”) Advisor, ADI
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
        090 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Our Way
Special Feature
Appendix Data Section
             Kunio Chiyoda
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Meeting attendance
11 of 11 Board of Directors’ meetings (100%) 11 of 11 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings (100%)
Number of company shares owned
3,000
Reason for appointment
As an accounting and auditing professional, he has served as a university professor and public-institution committee member, etc., and that extensive knowledge and experience will be reflected in the Company’s audits.
Important concurrent positions
Outside Director of Terasaki Electric Co., Ltd. (Audit Committee)
Outside Director of Seiwa Electric MFG. Co., Ltd. (Audit Committee)
Kyoko Uemura
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Meeting attendance
11 of 11 Board of Directors’ meetings (100%) 11 of 11 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings (100%)
Number of company shares owned
300
Reason for appointment
As a legal expert, she previously served as a judge and practices law as an attorney-at-law, etc., and that wealth of knowledge and experience will be reflected in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Attorney-at-Law, Miyama, Koganemaru & Associates
Outside Director of SoftBank Corp.
 May. 1971
Apr. 1976
Apr. 1984
Apr. 1999
Apr. 2009
Apr. 2012
Apr. 2013
Jun. 2016
Registered as Certified Public Accountant
Assistant Professor, College of Business Administration, Ritsumeikan University Professor, College of Business Administration, Ritsumeikan University Dean of College of Business Administration, Member of the Board, Ritsumeikan University Professor, Graduate School of Accountancy, Kumamoto Gakuen University Professor of Graduate School of Accountancy, Waseda University Chairperson, Certified Public Accountants and Auditing Oversight Board Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
Executive Officers
Chairman of the Board
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Vice Chairman of the Board
Assistant Judge, Osaka District Court
Judge, Numazu Branch, Shizuoka Family Court
Judge, Yokohama District Court
Admitted as Attorney-at-Law, LM Law Offices
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present) Attorney-at-Law, Miyama, Koganemaru & Associates (present)
 Apr. 1994
Apr. 2004
Apr. 2005
Apr. 2008
Jun. 2017
Oct. 2018
       Yasuzo Kanasugi
President & CEO
Noriyuki Hara
Senior Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Tetsuji Higuchi
Senior Executive Officer Chief Risk Officer
Fumiaki Ohkawabata
Executive Officers
Shinichiro Funabiki Masahiro Matsumoto Satoru Tamura Naomi Motojima Yusuke Shirai Masahito Fukuda Hitoshi Goto
Takaoki Endo Masashi Ippongi Keisuke Niiro
Assist Management
Chief Digitalization Officer
International Business Assist Management
Diversity & Inclusion
General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept.
Sales
Financial Services Business
Claims Services
Administration and Information Systems, Chief Information Officer Chief Information Security Officer
Underwriting & Reinsurance
      Corporate Planning Dept., Information Technology Planning Dept., Business Development Dept., Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept., International Supervisory Dept., International Life Insurance Business Dept., Data Management Dept., Internal Audit Dept.,* Capital Policy, Sustainability
     Human Resources and General Administration Dept., Accounting Dept., Compliance Dept., Corporate Risk Management Dept., Internal Audit Dept.,
 * Senior Executive Officer Tetsuji Higuchi is responsible for internal auditing of the departments that Senior Executive Officer Fumiaki Ohkawabata oversees.
For more information related to corporate governance, see the Group’s official website. 
●Corporate Governance (https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/corporate.html)
●Basic Policies on Corporate Governance ●Corporate Governance Stance ●Supervision System (Board of Directors) ●Support Systems for Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members ●Auditing ●Nomination and Remuneration ●Remuneration Committee ●Criteria for the Selection of Board Members and for the Independence of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members ●Appointment of outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisary Board Members and Related Matters
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 091
Our Platform
Management Foundation
 
  Corporate Governance
Message from an Outside Director
 Q1.
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Akira Arima
explanation of the agenda before the meeting.
The atmosphere at the Board meetings is open and relaxed, and the Outside Directors can speak freely. While this reflects the Chairman’s method of conducting meetings, I believe there is a strong awareness of the need to improve the quality of management by incorporating external perspectives. For example, the Governance Committee, as well as the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee, which are internal committees of the Board of Directors, are composed of Outside Directors except the Chairman, Vice-chairman and President & CEO. With this wealth of outside perspectives, objective discussions are the rule. The President & CEO was replaced this year, through discussions followed in line with the succession plan introduced last year. We revised an executive remuneration system last year, increasing the weighting of stock-based compensation and performance-linked remuneration, which we believe improved shareholders’ perspective in management. Overall, I believe the system of checks and balances is working well.
The three key strategies in “Vision 2021” are “Pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths,” “Promote
How would you evaluate the Company’s Board of Directors?
 First, I believe the Board of Directors is well balanced, with Outside Directors accounting for five of the 12 members. Each of these outside directors comes from a different background, and I have been inspired by the high level of insight each brings to the position. For example, Mr. Ikeo comes from an academic background and expresses logical points of view. On the other hand, Ms. Bando has a great deal of experience in education and is strongly focused on the field of human assets development, whereas Mr. Tobimatsu is knowledgeable in business strategies and investment projects. My experience is focused on practical experience, and I tend to center my attention on details , but I try to offer broad-based opinions. I believe that our different experiences and interests allow us to have wide-ranging and fruitful discussions. Rochelle Kopp, a U.S. citizen, is replacing Ms. Matsunaga this year, and I hope that the enhanced diversity of our group will lead to an even wider range of discussion. On the operational front, I believe "the process from preparation for the Board meeting to the progress of the meeting are appropriate. Each board meeting covers several agenda items, so it is important for us as Outside Directors to understand each item well enough to discuss. To this end, each Outside Director is assigned coordination staff and allowed to spend plenty of time for a detailed
Q2.
The Company has moved into Stage 2 of the medium-term management plan “Vision 2021.” What are your thoughts on the Company’s strategies?
 092 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
       Our Platform
Management Foundation
  digitalization” and “Reform the portfolio.” Among these, I believe “Reform the portfolio” is vital in the formation of our new growth strategies. While the domestic non-life insurance market currently forms a stable source of earnings, it appears unlikely to stand as a driver of growth in the years ahead. For example, the domestic automobile insurance market is seeing advancements in new fields such as telematics and devices that record driving practices, however, with the advancement of autonomous driving and the aging of society there appears little likelihood of an overall expansion in the market for automobile insurance. Amid this environment, we understand how important it is to find new growth areas, invest in management resources and create a path for sustainable growth. Therefore, I think it important that we take on the expansion of our international business with a deep sense of urgency.
With regard to the “Promote digitalization” strategy, the three Stage 2 initiatives focused on digital transformation, innovation and globalization have been organized in an easy-to-understand manner, making it important that they be put into practice in a concrete fashion. The fostering of digital human resources is an important aspect of these efforts, and with companies around the world focused on securing the highest level of human resources in IT, it appears that competition for data scientists and others will become increasingly fierce. While it is also important to develop human assets within the Company, that alone appears insufficient to keep up with the ongoing changes the digital society is experiencing. I believe advancing our digital strategies requires us to acquire human assets with a wealth of skills, knowledge and experience in IT.
The “Pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths” strategy focuses on a unique form of integration involving reorganization by function. I believe the MS&AD Group faces challenges as it seeks to leverage diversity and expand its top line while at the same time integrating operations in order to entrench cost efficiencies and generate synergies in the Group as a whole. As we move forward, I think it important that we take care not to put forward only half-hearted efforts to foster growth and improve efficiency.
To tell the truth, my impression is that there are many activities that are more akin to CSR than CSV. The original focus of CSV was as a competitive strategy. It means that society and companies both can prosper when companies provide products and services that are
most needed in the world while receiving profits in return. While it is important for companies as members of society to engage in efforts deemed meaningful from a social perspective, even if they do not translate immediately into profits, it is important to keep in mind that CSV is also a means toward building the earnings of the Group.
I also note that MS&AD is promoting a variety of initiatives in the environmental arena and taking a proactive stance in regard to advancing the participation of women in the workplace. The Sustainability Committee holds regular meetings at which discussions center on key topics such as sustainability and D&I.
In terms of governance, as I mentioned earlier, I believe the Board of Directors is well aware of the importance of making use of external perspectives in management. In addition to participating in the Board of Directors and Committee meetings, we hold theme-based meetings for Outside Directors a couple of times a year, with topics ranging from international business to telematics. The original idea was to advance an understanding of these topics, though we also actively exchange frank opinions on each of the themes at these meetings. Finally, to develop a better understanding of the work site, we conduct regular site-based meetings and inspections.
Q4.
What are your hopes or expectations for MS&AD?
 Q3.
I believe meeting the expectations of investors requires us to make a clear address of our growth strategy, with the expansion of our international business being the most important topic. The service industry is unlike the manufacturing industry, in that differing social environments mean that it could be difficult to transplant service operations as they exist in Japan to a new location. That is to say, insurance systems and the expectations of people can differ from country to country. Although M&A activity with a company possessing an overseas operating structure might be a powerful tool in achieving our goals, I believe that when conducting M&A of this type, it is important to have the ability to properly evaluate the target company and conduct thorough due diligence.
The global economy has been profoundly affected by the spread of COVID-19 in 2020. Amid this pandemic, I believe there are many things an insurance company can do to address the new risks. Specifically, I think we should consider developing new insurance products especially for these new risks. Finally, as an insurance company supporting the creation of a sustainable society, I hope MS&AD can transform risks into opportunities, ride out these difficult times and seize opportunities for further growth.
What are your thoughts on the CSV management that MS&AD wants to achieve? Moreover, how would you evaluate the Company’s ESG initiatives?
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 093
 
  Basic Knowledge about the Insurance Industry
We have prepared this section as reference material to help readers gain a better understanding of the insurance industry and the Company’s business operations and business strategies.
We are striving to provide accurate and fair information, but we cannot guarantee the content of this section.
Non-Life Insurance Industry
Market Overview
About ¥8 Trillion
The Japanese non-life insurance industry’s market scale in terms of net premiums written was ¥8,392.8 billion in fiscal 2018. (Total for 28 corporate members of the General Insurance Association of Japan)
Automobile-Related Insurance Accounts for Less
than 60%
Together, voluntary automobile insurance (48.3%) and compulsory automobile liability (11.5%) account for less than 60% of the market.
Net Premiums Written by Class of Insurance (FY2018)
    Three Largest Non-Life Insurers Have Almost 90%
Market Share Combined
In Japan, there were 53 companies engaged in the non-life insurance business as of July 2019, including 21 foreign non-life insurers. The three largest non-life insurance groups—the MS&AD Insurance Group, the Tokio Marine Group and the Sompo Group —have an 87% combined share of the market.
Types of Insurance and Related Trends
Covering Diverse Risks
We face diverse risks in our daily lives. Non-life insurance products can compensate for economic damages and human losses e.g., (the cost
of treating injuries, etc.) caused by natural disasters and accidents.
Changing with the Times
Composition of Net Direct Premiums Written by Class of Insurance
Until the 1960s, the non-life insurance market was centered on
fire and marine insurance products. With the subsequent rise in
the number of automobiles in use, such automobile-related 1960
products as Voluntary Automobile Insurance and Compulsory
Automobile Liability Insurance have become the main products 1980 26.1 8.7 in the market. In recent years, “others” insurance, such as
Liability Insurance, has been growing strongly. 2000 17.5 2.7
Trend of Increase in Earthquake Insurance 2018 .9 Residential earthquake insurance was developed in 1966, in
Personal Accident 0.4
Compulsory Automobile Liability Voluntary Automobile
(FY)
Fire and Allied
Marine
Others
¥8,392.8 billion
  Personal Accident
Marine
Automobile
Liability FireandAllied
8.2
3.0
 Compulsory (¥687.5 billion)
(¥253.5 billion)
 11.5 14.1
(¥962.9billion) (¥1,184.9billion)
0 50 100 (%)
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2019
    50.1
 27.6
13.0 7.1 1.8 10.7 6.1
  30.6
 17.8
  094 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Voluntary Automobile
48.3
(¥4,054.8 billion)
40.3
43.9
10.9
10.3 10.4
   16.6 2
 response to the major earthquake that struck Niigata in Japan
in 1964. The number of people obtaining residential earthquake insurance has been trending upward, and the penetration ratio of earthquake insurance in residential fire insurance policies has risen to 65.2% (at the end of FY2018).
Residential Earthquake Insurance Operated in
Collaboration with Government
It is difficult to forecast the damage that will occur in the 55.0 event of an earthquake, so fire insurance by itself does not
cover building fires and damage caused by earthquakes.
To provide coverage for earthquake damage, the government
and insurance companies collaborate to operate residential
earthquake insurance, and there are no variations among
insurance companies with respect to coverage of compensation
and insurance premiums.
20.2 8.4
0 50 100
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2019 (%) Note: “Net direct premiums written” represents revenues from insurance
policies directly provided by each customer.
Trends in the Penetration Rate of Residential Earthquake Insurance
(%) 65.0
60.0
65.2
 50.0 45.0 40.0 35.0 30.0
41.7
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
(Fiscal year-end)
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2019
Note: The penetration rate of residential earthquake insurance represents
the share of fire and allied policies with earthquake coverage.
Others
14.9
(¥1,249.1 billion)
15.8
Appendix
Supplementary Information
 
CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Data Section
       Life Insurance Industry
Market Scale
Approximately ¥39 Trillion
The scale of the Japanese life insurance industry’s market in terms of life insurance premiums and others in total is approximately ¥39 trillion, making it the world’s second largest market, after that of the United States.
  Scale of Japan’s Life Insurance Market (Trends in Life Insurance Premiums)
Private-sector companies1
2017
Mutual aid organizations2
2018(FY)
(¥ trillion)
50 45 40 35 30 25 20 15 10
5.6 6.4
2011 2012
4.5 4.6
2014 2015
   5.3
35.2
 5.5
35.5
 5.9
35.1
  37.0
 38.0
5.3
35.7
  38.6
 38.9
4.4
 35.1
3.8
 33.7
4.4
 35.2
      50
2008
2009
2010
2013
2016
  Sources: Prepared by MS&AD Holdings based on materials from the Life Insurance Association of Japan “Life Insurance Trends (2019 edition)” and Japan Cooperative Insurance Association Incorporated “COOPERATIVE INSURANCE IN JAPAN FACT BOOK 2019.”
1. Private-sector companies: Each corporate member of the Life Insurance Association of Japan. Figures represent premiums and others.
2. Mutual aid organizations: Each organization member of the Japan Cooperative Insurance Association Incorporated. Figures represent premiums
and other insurance income received (total for life insurance and annuity insurance).
Trends in Types of Insurance
Decline in Big-Ticket Death Benefit Needs
The amount of policies in force for individual insurance has been trending downward since peaking in fiscal 1996. Behind this trend is a decline in big-ticket death benefit needs and a shift to third-sector products (medical and cancer insurance) needs.
 Trends in Policies in Force (Individual Insurance)
(¥ trillion) 1,600
1,200 800 400 0
                1980 1985
1,495
1990 1995 2000
2005
2010
Endowment
848
2015 2018 (FY)
 Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Trends (2019 edition)”
Note: Figures for 2007 and previous years exclude Japan Post Insurance and the former postal life insurance.
Third-Sector Products Become the Major Products
The share of medical and cancer insurance policies (third-sector policies) among the total number of new policies written for individuals has risen–from 23.0% in FY2000 to 35.6% in FY2018–and become the major life insurance product. In particular, the advent of a full-blown aging society in Japan will be accompanied by a rise in needs for nursing care insurance. In recent years, each life insurance company has been launching new nursing care insurance products that supplement public nursing care insurance system, which is
not able to completely cover the expenses entailed by nursing care. Sales of individual annuity insurance began in earnest following
the October 2002 lifting of the ban on marketing such products via banks. Growth in individual annuity insurance policies in force is now robust. Most recently, the number of policies written for “Tontine- type annuity” as insurance for longevity risk is also increasing.
*See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P.102) for details.
Trends in Policies in Force for Individual Annuity Insurance by Type
Trends in Parsonal Life Insurance
Whole life insurance with term insurance
insurance
Children’s
Whole life (FY) insurance
2000 15.0 18.5 2018
Term life insurance
15.7 9.0
6.8
insurance
  New Policies
Policies in Force
Medical and Other cancer insurance
23.0 3.1 15.7
    18.4 0.0 16.8
35.6 1.8 20.5
   Variable Annuity Insurance (Millions of policies)
Fixed Annuity Insurance
25 20 15 10
5 0
0.31 (2.5)
2002
0.96 (6.9)
2004
2.20 (13.9)
2006
3.11 3.46 (17.9) (18.2)
2008 2010
2012 2014 2016
1.98 (9.3)
2018 (FY)
20.2 4.7 16.6
0 50 100
2000 10.1 24.5
2018 22.0
Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan,
“Life Insurance Trends (2019 edition)”
3.33 2.64 2.23 (16.3) (12.9) (10.3)
(%)
10.0 13.9
4.6 13.7 7.3 35.0 4.1 13.3
         12.60 13.05 13.60 14.31 15.52 (97.5) (93.1) (86.1) (82.1) (81.8)
17.09 (83.7)
17.85 (87.1)
19.52 (89.7)
19.43 (90.7)
   Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Trends (2019 edition)” Note: Figures in parentheses represent percent shares.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 095
 Appendix
Supplementary Information
 
  The Insurance Industry Trends and Changes in Japan
 Environment of the Insurance Industry in Japan
Changes in the Macro Environment
As is the case with respect to other industries in Japan, the biggest change in the insurance industry’s operating environment is the advent of aging and the population decline in Japanese society.
Natural Disasters
While natural disasters are a major risk factor in the insurance business, the existence of such disasters is also a factor that increases demand for insurance.
 The Insurance Industry Following Financial Regulatory Liberalization
Regulatory Liberalization of the Non-Life Insurance Industry
The 1996 revision of the Insurance Business Act brought a shift
away from the “convoy system” within the industry and toward liberalization offering a scope for new initiatives. In addition,
in response to changes taking place in the insurance industry’s operating environment (insurance product diversification, solicitation channel diversification and increasing agent size), the Insurance Business Act revision, which went into full effect in May 2016, included as its main points “the establishment of basic rules for insurance soliciting” and “the introduction of an obligation to put in place a system with respect to insurance solicitors (agents).”
Birth of the Three Mega Insurance Groups
Following the regulatory liberalization of 1996, a progression
of mergers and business integrations among non-life insurance companies led to the emergence of the so-called three mega insurance groups – the MS&AD Insurance Group, the Tokio Marine Group and the Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Group (currently the Sompo Group).
The Insurance Industry Going Forward
Initiatives Regarding Overseas Insurance Markets
Major Events Following Regulatory Liberalization
Revision of the Insurance Business Act
■ Mutual entry into life and non-life insurance business ■ Reform of the rating organization system
■ Introductionofproductsandpremiumratesnotificationsystem,etc.
Mutual entry into life and non-life insurance business by subsidiaries
Approval of risk-subdivision-type automobile insurance
Abolition of the obligation for members to use the premium rates calculated by the rating organization
Ban on insurance sales by banks partially lifted Implementation of Financial Instruments and Exchange Act Insurance sales by banks fully liberalized Implementation of the Insurance Act
Passing of law revising the Insurance Business Act
Full implementation of Insurance Business Act revision (implementation of a comparison-recommendation rule and an obligation to grasp customer intentions)
1996
April
 October
  1997
September
 1998
July
2001
April
 2007
 September
 December
2010
April
 2014
May
  2016
May
               Accelerating Overseas Expansion
In light of the maturation of Japan’s insurance market, major Japanese insurance companies have been working to expand their business base overseas.
Development of Principal Insurance Markets in 2018
Potential of Emerging Markets
Emerging regions such as Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa have the potential for significant growth as overseas insurance markets. The insurance penetration rates (ratio of insurance premiums against GDP) of the United States and European countries are roughly as high as Japan’s―about 6%-10%.
On the other hand, the insurance penetration rates of emerging markets are relatively low―in the 1%-4% range―so those markets can be considered to have growth potential.
 Total Non-Life and Life Insurance
Breakdown
     Market/Country
Total Insurance Premiums
Insurance Density1 (¥)
Insurance Penetration Rate2
Non-Life Insurance Premiums
Life Insurance Premiums
    Developed markets
Ranking
(¥ billion)
Percentage Change from the Previous Year
(¥ billion)
Percentage Change from the Previous Year
(¥ billion)
Percentage Change from the Previous Year
           United States
 Japan
 United Kingdom
 France
 Germany
 South Korea
 Italy
 Emerging markets
Emerging Asia Pacific
  China
 India
 Emerging Europe and Central Asia
 Russia
 Turkey
 Latin America and the Caribbean
 Brazil
 Mexico
Middle East and Africa
  South Africa
 Israel
 United Arab Emirates
          World
571,514.4
4.8%
75,054
6.1%
261,154.2
6.2%
310,360.3
3.5%
  1 3 4 5 6 7 8
2 11
28 39
16 25
19 32 37
449,679.4 161,704.7 48,493.3 37,032.9 28,388.8 26,575.4 19,701.6 18,738.5 121,835.0 83,042.4 63,265.2 10,987.2 8,832.7 2,596.4 1,150.2 17,885.5 8,016.0 3,009.2 12,074.5 5,312.0 2,053.8 1,371.3
4.9% 411,257 5.0% 493,134 3.8% 381,433 5.2% 495,555 5.6% 403,553 6.3% 320,025
(1.2)% 381,323 6.9% 313,863 4.2% 18,598 6.2% 21,460 6.2% 44,680 5.1% 8,144 4.6% 18,048 7.7% 18,048
(13.3)% 13,976 (3.3)% 27,623 (12.6)% 37,967 6.5% 23,000 2.2% 6,933 5.5% 92,442 7.1% 242,880 2.1% 143,615
7.8% 204,119.1 5.4% 7.1% 96,402.0 5.1% 8.9% 11,709.9 0.8%
10.6% 11,116.0 6.7% 8.9% 10,222.3 6.6% 6.0% 15,962.3 7.5%
11.2% 8,908.7 3.0% 8.3% 4,944.9 7.3% 3.2% 57,035.2 9.5% 3.8% 34,291.4 15.5% 4.2% 28,779.4 16.8% 3.7% 2,872.5 9.6% 1.7% 6,446.2 4.4% 1.5% 1,802.0 1.0% 1.3% 994.3 (11.4)% 2.8% 10,122.3 1.3% 3.9% 3,696.5 (7.9)% 2.2% 1,673.4 6.3% 2.2% 6,175.3 (0.9)%
12.9% 1,077.8 4.8% 5.0% 945.4 6.6% 2.9% 1,057.3 0.6%
245,560.3 4.5% 65,302.7 4.9% 36,783.4 4.8% 25,916.9 4.5% 18,166.5 5.0% 10,613.1 4.5% 10,792.8 (4.4)% 13,793.8 6.8% 64,799.9 (0.1)% 48,751.0 0.5% 34,485.8 (1.3)%
8,114.5 3.6% 2,386.5 5.0% 794.6 27.0% 155.9 (23.6)% 7,763.1 (8.7)% 4,319.6 (16.3)% 1,335.8 6.8% 5,899.1 5.6% 4,234.2 5.6% 1,108.3 7.5% 314.1 7.5%
                      Source: Compiled by Swiss Re’s economic research and consulting unit based on confirmed and provisional figures announced by each country’s regulatory authorities and insurance industry associations (sigma No. 3/2019)
Note: Figures are real figures adjusted for inflation 1. Insurance density = per capita insurance premiums 2. Insurance penetration rate = insurance premiums as a share of GDP Figures were converted into Japanese yen at the average exchange rate for 2018 (US$1=¥110.05).
096 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Data Section
       Increasing Diversity of Insurance Companies and Sales Channels
There are increasingly diverse sales channels–such as direct sales channels, OTC sales by banks and customer-visit-based insurance shops–and some insurance companies are now specializing in sales via the Internet. Even in conventional sales channels, there is an increasing incidence of cross-selling (see the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” [P. 98] for details and other new approaches.
 Expanding the Breadth of Products and Services
“Longevity Risk”
Economic risks related to longevity, such as securing living expenses and spending on medical expenses, are increasing.
New Products and Services Related to Medical and Long-Term Nursing Care
The importance of people’s self-help efforts is expected to continue increasing, and the associated role of private-sector insurance companies is becoming large.
 Japan’s Insurance Market Viewed from a Global Perspective
Non-Life Insurance
The World’s Fourth Largest Market Scale
According to the “sigma” newsletter of Swiss Re, the scale of the non-life insurance market in 147 countries and regions around the world was approximately ¥261 trillion in 2018. The largest market is that of the United States (approximately ¥96 trillion), and Japan’s market is the fourth largest (approximately ¥11 trillion).
Japanese Market Smaller in a Share of GDP
Japan’s insurance premiums as a share of GDP are only 2.14% (the 27th highest) compared to the global average of 2.78%.
Comparison of Non-Life Insurance Premium Income in Principal Countries (2018)
 Country/Region
United States
Direct Premiums Written
Per Capita Premiums
(¥)
As a Share of GDP
    (¥ billion)
Ranking
Share
Ranking
Ranking
        China
 Germany
 Japan
 United Kingdom
 France
 South Korea
 Canada
 Netherlands
 Australia
 Italy
 Spain
 Brazil
 Switzerland
 India
 Taiwan
 Belgium
 Russia
 Mexico
 Austria
  Other countries (regions)
        Total/Average
261,154.2
−
100.0%
34,336
−
2.78%
−
96,402.0 1 28,779.4 2 15,962.3 3 11,709.9 4 11,116.0 5 10,222.3 6
8,908.7 7 8,125.3 8 7,550.0 9 5,390.6 10 4,944.9 11 4,395.9 12 3,696.5 13 3,184.8 14 2,872.5 15 2,186.0 16 2,040.3 17 1,802.0 18 1,673.4 19 1,517.0 20
28,674.2 -
36.9% 294,054 4 11.0% 20,359 51 6.1% 192,257 9 4.5% 92,112 28 4.3% 106,859 22 3.9% 142,625 15 3.4% 172,448 11 3.1% 219,660 6 2.9% 437,669 2 2.1% 215,368 7 1.9% 81,657 29 1.7% 94,313 26 1.4% 17,498 56 1.2% 371,859 3 1.1% 2,091 81 0.8% 92,552 27 0.8% 131,290 16 0.7% 12,546 61 0.6% 12,766 60 0.6% 171,348 12 11.0% - -
4.26% 7 1.92% 34 3.62% 9 2.14% 27 2.29% 24 3.14% 13 5.05% 3 4.32% 5 7.51% 2 3.46% 10 2.17% 26 2.80% 17 1.80% 41 4.10% 8 0.97% 74 3.40% 12 2.57% 19 1.06% 72 1.24% 65 3.02% 15
-  -
                      Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 3/2019” of Swiss Re.
Note: 1. The “Total (average)” figures are totals of figures for 147 countries and regions within the scope of the survey in 2018.
2. Premium figures are direct premiums written by domestic- and foreign-based companies in each country and region (including cross-border transaction premiums), and the figures for each country and region do not include direct premiums written by foreign bases of domestic companies.
Life Insurance
Japanese Market Accounts for Approximately 11.9% of the Global Market
According to the “sigma No. 3/2019” newsletter of Swiss Re “International Life Insurance Statistics” of the Life Insurance Association of Japan, global life insurance premium income amounted to approximately US$2,820 billion in 2018. The figure for Japan was approximately US$334 billion, corresponding to 11.9% of the global figure.
Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 3/2019” of Swiss Re. Note: Figures represent premiums directly written in each country
Life Insurance Premiums Top 10 Countries (2018)
1 65,302.7 21.0
2 36,783.4 11.9
3 34,485.8 11.1
4 25,916.9 8.4
5 18,166.5 5.9
6 13,793.8 4.4
7 11,229.9 3.6
8 10,792.8 3.5
9 10,613.1 3.4
10 8,114.5 2.6
 Country
United States
Ranking
Premium Income (¥ billion)
Share (%)
       Japan
  China
  United Kingdom
  France
  Italy
  Taiwan
  South Korea
  irrespective of the geographical base of the underwriting company.
Germany
  India
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 097
 Appendix
Supplementary Information
 
 Glossary of Insurance Terminology A
Alternative Risk Transfer (ART) Business
A general term referring to the use of techniques other than traditional insurance policies to transfer risks, meaning to provide risk-bearing entities with coverage or protection. ART entails the use of financial technologies and capital markets to provide risk solutions. ART products include derivatives and securitized products, and the typical products include “weather derivatives” and “earthquake derivatives.”
Annualized Premiums
The insurance premium payment method differs depending on the insurance contract. An annualized premium is calculated by adjusting for these differences in payment methods and computing the yearly average paid in premiums. It indicates how much income an insurance company makes from insurance premiums in one year.
Asset Liability Management (ALM)
A general term for the comprehensive management of risks related to assets and liabilities. The value of most of the assets held by insurance companies and other financial institutions is affected by market prices (or market interest rates), in other words, they are at risk. A proper evaluation of risks and returns cannot focus on assets or liabilities alone–the ALM business management methodology seeks to maximize profit, while managing in a way that pays comprehensive attention to the risk and return of both assets and liabilities.
Assumed Interest Rate
Insurance companies anticipate a certain level of profits from asset management and offer discounts on insurance premiums based on this. This discount rate is called the assumed interest rate.
Combined Ratio
An indicator that is the sum of the net loss ratio and the net expense ratio, and subtracting this ratio from 1 gives the underwriting balance ratio. Although the indicator is not adjusted to reflect outstanding claims and underwriting reserve, it reflects profitability for the fiscal period. Used only in the insurance industry, its concept is similar to
that of the ratio of operating profit on sales of ordinary companies.
Commissions and Collection Expense
The total of agent commissions, insurance broker commissions, sales expense, collection expense, reinsurance commissions and ceded premium commissions. (Note
that ceded premium commissions, which are commission incomes pertaining to ceded reinsurance and retrocession premiums, are deductions.)
Compulsory Automobile Liability Insurance (CALI)
In order to provide relief to victims of automobile accidents, this is compulsory insurance that all motor vehicles must be enrolled in under law. Motorized bicycles are also subject to this requirement. Compulsory automobile liability insurance provides compensation in cases where other persons are killed or injured in traffic accidents, etc. Insurance claims are paid for loss compensation of the other persons.
Core Profit (Fundamental Profit)
Ordinary profit after adjustments for capital profits/(losses) and extraordinary income and losses, which represent profits and losses not stemming from the principal business of life insurance companies; so, Core Profit is an indicator of the profitability of the Company’s principal business operations during a fiscal year. The concept of Core Profit is close to those of ordinary companies’ “operating income” and banks’ “business income.”
Cross-Selling
Concurrent selling of life insurance and non-life insurance products, such as in the case of a non-life insurance agent that sells life insurance products.
  CD
CAPM (Capital Asset Pricing Model)
An acronym for “Capital Asset Pricing Model,” which is used to calculate the rate of return expected by shareholders in the capital market. The correlation of the target company’s stock with the market is determined by the β value (more precisely, the slope estimated by the linear regression equation that explains the fluctuations in the stock prices of the target companies in terms of market price fluctuations). The estimated cost of capital is calculated by adding the risk-free interest rate to the individual equity risk premium, which is the β value multiplied by the equity market risk premium (market return - risk-free interest rate).
Catastrophe Reserves
Most non-life insurance premium rates are set using the “law of large numbers,” but, in a given fiscal year, it is always possible that there will be a major typhoon or other large disaster causing damages on a scale that cannot be absorbed using premium income for that year alone. The catastrophe reserve is provided to prepare to respond to the temporary surge in claims associated with such disasters. For more details, see P. 103.
CAT Bond (Catastrophe Bond)
Securities sold by non-life insurance companies to investors to enable the insurance companies to avoid major losses owing to claims paid in connection with major disasters.
If there is no occurrence of a disaster on a scale surpassing previously stipulated criterion, then the CAT bonds’ interest and principal will be paid to the investors, but, in the case of such a disaster, the principal will be partially or entirely reduced.
Direct Insurance
A term used in contrast with reinsurance. When an insurance contract is reinsured, the original insurance that has been reinsured is called direct insurance.
It can also be used to refer to all the insurance contracts directly entered into with policyholders by the insurance company. → Reinsurance
E
Earned-Incurred Loss Ratio (EI Loss Ratio)
After adjusting for provisions and reversals of loss reserves and ordinary policy liability reserves, the EI Loss Ratio is an indicator of the loss ratio on a current-period-occurrence basis.
It is calculated as follows. → Net Loss Ratio
・EI Loss Ratio = claims incurred ÷ premiums earned ・Claims incurred = period-end net claims paid + (period-
end loss reserve – previous period-end
loss reserve)
・Premiums earned = previous period-end unearned
premiums + net premiums written for the period – period-end unearned premiums
EEV
See “Embedded Value” below.
Embedded Value (EV)
The current value of net assets plus the current value
of future profit expected from policies in force (policies in force value). Under current statutory accounting practices, the recognition of costs is concentrated at the
098 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way
Special Feature Our Platform Data Section
        time of sales, while the related profits are recognized in subsequent years; so, using those accounting practices
to accurately evaluate corporate performance is difficult
in some ways. As EV encompasses an evaluation of the current value of future profit expected from policies in force, it is a useful indicator that can be used to supplement statutory accounting practices for the purpose of evaluating companies’ performance and enterprise values.
While the Company has disclosed its EV for some
time, since fiscal 2011, it has disclosed its EV calculated on the basis of the European Embedded Value principles
(EEV principles*), and this type of EV is referred to as EEV. In addition, the Company’s calculations of EEV employ a market-consistent approach to evaluating liability- and asset-related cash flows that is consistent with the financial products traded in markets.
* The EEV principles were instituted by a CFO Forum (comprised of the chief financial officers (CFOs) of major European insurance companies) in May 2004 with the goal of promoting a consistent EV calculation and disclosure method and thereby promoting an increase in transparency.
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
A process for determining and evaluating the risks associated with the execution of business operations by an enterprise
in an integrated, comprehensive and strategic manner. It is an integrated risk management method used for maximizing enterprise value. For more details, see P. 76.
Equity Ratio
The proportion of equity divided by total assets. Owing to the application of accounting standards concerning financial products and the inclusion of unrealized gains on securities within the balance sheet figures, the equity ratio is also stated based on market value.
ESG
Three concepts of environmental, social and governance (ESG). In ESG investing, the investor does not focus exclusively on the profit that can be earned from an investment but goes on to consider the impact of the investment on the environment as well as on shareholders, customers, employees, local communities and other stakeholders. ESG investing essentially entails carrying out CSR when making investment decisions.
Expected Mortality
Based on past statistics, gender-wise and age-wise mortality (or the number of those alive) is predicted, and this information is used for calculating the required amount of insurance premium for future insurance payments.
The mortality rate used in these calculations is called the expected mortality.
Expected Operating Expense Ratio
Life insurance companies anticipate all the expenses required
for business operation such as concluding contracts, receiving premiums, maintaining and managing policies, and so on in advance. The sum of these expenses is divided by expected premium income to calculate the expected operating expense ratio.
F
Foreign Currency–Denominated Life Insurance
Foreign currency–denominated life insurance calls for
the use of a foreign currency (e.g., U.S. dollars, Euros, Australian dollars) to pay insurance premiums and the
use of a foreign currency to pay insurance benefits and reimbursements upon policy cancellations. A portion
of such life insurance products as whole life insurance, endowment insurance and fixed/variable individual annuities are sold as foreign currency–denominated products. When the foreign-currency benefits from such products are converted into yen, they will be affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations; so, there is a possibility that the yen-denominated benefits could end up being lower than the yen-denominated value of the premiums paid. The impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations is
referred to as “foreign exchange risk (foreign exchange rate fluctuation risk),” and policyholders and beneficiaries of foreign currency–denominated policies are exposed to those risks.
Full-Time Agents
Agents specializing in the sale of insurance. In the field
of non-life insurance, in addition to specialized agents (professional agents), there are automobile sales dealers, automobile repair shops, real estate agents, travel agents and other sideline agents that sell insurance alongside their main line of business.
G
General Insurance Rating Organization of Japan
An insurance rating organization formed by the merger in July 2002 of the Property and Casualty Insurance Rating Organization of Japan (established 1948) and
the Automobile Insurance Rating Organization of Japan (established 1964), which were established in accordance with the Act of Non-Life Insurance Rating Organizations.
It collects data from member insurance companies and calculates the Reference Loss Cost Rates for automobile insurance, fire insurance, personal accident insurance
and nursing care expense insurance, as well as Standard Rates for compulsory automobile liability insurance and earthquake insurance. It also handles loss adjustment work for compulsory automobile liability, collects insurance data, and conducts research and analysis.
Gross Written Premiums
Premiums written that were received from direct insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts during one fiscal year; they are the premiums written prior to the deduction of reinsurance premiums ceded via reinsurance contracts.
Group Core Profit
Group Core Profit, which is a numerical management target within the Next Challenge 2017 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Core Profit = Consolidated net income - Net capital
gains/losses on stock portfolio (gains/losses on sales, etc.) - Net
evaluation gains/losses on credit derivatives - Other incidental factors + Equity in earnings of the non- consolidated Group companies
Group Return on Equity (Group ROE)
Group ROE, which is a numerical management target within the Next Challenge 2017 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group ROE = Group Core Profit ÷ Consolidated total net assets
excluding non-controlling interests (average of beginning and ending amounts of B/S)
Group Adjusted Profit
Group Adjusted Profit, which is a numerical management target within the Vision 2021 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Adjusted Profit = Consolidated net income + provision for
catastrophe loss reserve and others - other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets, etc.) + equity in earnings of the non-consolidated group companies
Group Adjusted ROE
Group Adjusted ROE, which is a numerical management target within the Vision 2021 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Adjusted ROE = Group Adjusted Profit ÷ average of
beginning and ending amounts on B/S of adjusted net assets (consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserve and others - goodwill and other intangible fixed assets)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 099
 Appendix
Supplementary Information
 
 I
Income Guarantee Insurance
A type of insurance under which a pension can be claimed after the policyholder’s death for the full term of the insurance as decided at the time of entering the contract. The number of times a pension can be claimed depends on the time of death of the policyholder. The minimum number of times a pension can be claimed is guaranteed. If the number of times the pension has been claimed before maturity is less than the guaranteed minimum, the remaining number of times can be claimed.
Incurred but Not Reported Loss (IBNR)
The portion of underwriting reserves corresponding to claims that have been incurred but had not been reported to the company at the end of the period. The IBNR is estimated using statistical methods.
→ Ordinary Outstanding Claims Reserve
Individual Annuity Insurance
Annuity insurance is a financial product used to save premiums and thereby fund the payment of future annuities, and individual annuity insurance is an annuity insurance product provided by private-sector life insurance companies. The annuities are received after the beneficiary reaches an age specified in the policy contract. There are several kinds of individual annuity insurance products defined based on the annuity receipt period, such as whole life annuity with a guarantee period, annuity certain, fixed-term annuity with a guarantee period, and a husband-and-wife annuity.
Insurance Business Act
A law that was enacted to promote the protection of policyholders through ensuring sound and appropriate business operations of insurance companies and fair solicitation of insurance policies. The act lays down organizational and operational rules for insurance businesses, as well as defining the criteria for the administration and supervision of insurance companies, and determining the supervision standards and authorities of government units overseeing insurance business operations.
Insurance Claim (Benefit)
In the case of non-life insurance, the sum of money paid by an insurance company to the insured based on the
amount of damage incurred as a result of an insured
event. (In the case of life insurance) the sum of money decided beforehand in the insurance contract paid by the insurance company upon the maturity of the contract to the designated beneficiary, in the event of illness or death of the insured person.
L
Law of Large Numbers
If you roll a die (1 dice), a “one” might appear by chance, but if you continue to increase the number of times the die is rolled, the ratio of times that “one” appears will approach one time out of six. As in this case, when the number of trials is increased, the law of large numbers indicates that the results will approach a fixed value. When calculating the probability of accident occurrence, the probability can be forecast by analyzing large volumes of accident data rather than just looking at the accident percentages of a few cases.
Life Insurance Professional
An agent specializing in life insurance or selling life insurance as its main business.
Lloyd’s (Insurance Market)
The generic name for an insurance market established in London in the 17th century, having more than a 300-year history. On a day-to-day basis, huge and complex risks are brought to Lloyd’s, where that risk is assessed, premiums decided and insurance underwritten by underwriters who have a high level of specialized expertise and who belong to individual syndicates (the risk underwriting bodies at Lloyd’s).
Lloyd’s is under the supervision of the British regulatory authorities, as well as the rigorous management and supervisory system of Lloyd’s itself, and it is not easy to become a Lloyd’s member (syndicate fund contributor) or establish a syndicate as many strict requirements must be satisfied.
As of the end of December 2019, Lloyd’s had 108 syndicates and 54 managing agents registered. The fiscal 2019 gross written premiums of the Lloyd’s market as a whole were approximately 37.5 billion British pounds.
    Policyholder
Lloyd’s broker
Underwriter
Long-Term Care Insurance (Nursing Care Insurance)
A kind of insurance that can provide benefits for the purpose of providing long-term nursing care. In Japan, there exists both public long-term care insurance and private long-term care insurance products. Among the latter type of products, there are products that will provide a lump-sum benefit and/or annuities in cases where the beneficiary requires nursing due to being bedridden or suffering dementia for a specified period of time. There are also products that will provide a lump-sum benefit and/
or annuities based on the public long-term care insurance system’s primary nursing care requirement authorization.
Loss Adjustment Expense
Personnel expenses and non-personnel expenses (including depreciation costs) as well as various taxes related to the loss adjustment and insurance claim payment operations.
M
Medical Insurance
Medical insurance provides benefits to policyholders when they are hospitalized due to illness or injury or undergo specified types of surgical operations. Some medical insurance policies also provide death benefits on the decease of the beneficiary, but the amount of such benefits is generally small.
Motor Channel Agent
Sideline agents that sell insurance as a side business but are mainly automobile repair shops, used car sales dealers or automobile-related service providers or motorbike shops. Automobile dealerships that also sell insurance are excluded from this category.
N
Net Claims Paid
Net claims paid is obtained by totaling (adding or subtracting as indicated) items ❶ to ❹ listed to the right,
and plainly shows the amount of insurance claims paid. The payment of insurance claims is the main expenditure involved in the non-life insurance business.
❶ Direct claims paid
-)❷ Reinsurance claims ceded +)❸ Reinsurance claims paid -)❹ Retrocession claims ceded
❺ Net claims paid
  (Income statement item)
Risk assessment, underwriting approval / disapproval and decisions of terms and conditions
   Syndicate
  Managing agent
 (Management, operation for Syndicate)
 100 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way
Special Feature Our Platform Data Section
        Net Expense Ratio
The net expense ratio is obtained by adding the commissions and collection expense to operating expenses and general administrative expenses incurred in the insurance underwriting business, and dividing this by net premiums written. It is an indicator of the operational efficiency of
an insurance company. The net expense ratio can also be called simply “expense ratio.”
Net Loss Ratio
The net loss ratio is obtained by adding net claims paid
and loss adjustment expenses, and dividing this by net premiums written, and it indicates the company’s insurance underwriting business performance. It can also be called “published loss ratio” or “loss ratio.”
The net loss ratio is what is called a “written paid basis” indicator, as it can be calculated based simply on written premium and paid claims during the accounting period in question.
→ Earned-Incurred Loss Ratio (EI Loss Ratio)
Net Premiums Written
Net premiums written is obtained by totaling (adding or subtracting as indicated) items ❶ to ❹ listed to the right,
Policy Clauses
The policy clauses define the details of the insurance contract, including the policyholder’s obligation to pay the insurance premium and duty of disclosure, as well as the payment amount and terms and conditions of payment
by the insurance company. There are two kinds of policy clauses–common policy clauses, which are common to all insurance contracts of the same type, and special policy clauses (clauses containing special policy conditions), which are customized for individual contracts by adding to or changing/limiting some of the provisions in the common policy clauses.
Policyholder
The party applying to an insurance company for an insurance contract is called the policyholder. The policyholder is obliged to pay the insurance premium once the contract is concluded.
Policy Reserve
The reserve set aside by the insurance company at the period-end closing of accounts so that it can fulfill its obligation to pay insurance claims based on insurance contracts. It includes outstanding claims and underwriting reserves, and policyholder dividend reserves.
R
Reinsurance
Reinsurance is a form of insurance, that a insurance company purchase to share the risks of its insurance policies to another insurance company.
→ Direct Insurance
Reinsurance Premium
An insurance premium received from another insurance company via a reinsurance contract in return for underwriting a part of the risk.
Reinsurance Premium Ceded
An insurance premium paid to another insurance company via a reinsurance contract in return for covering a part of the risk of the original insurance contract, for purposes such as risk diversification.
Reorganization by Function
An unprecedented business model made possible by
the 2013 revision of Japan’s Insurance Business Act, Reorganization by Function calls for making the most
of the strengths of each group insurance company
while undertaking business reorganization. While
enabling the bypassing of the negative aspects of simple corporate mergers–including temporary costs and the business impediments, time losses and various other problematic factors that often arise at the time of mergers– Reorganization by Function is designed to realize smooth business integration without slowing the speed of business growth, and it concurrently enables the leveraging of individual companies’ strengths and the realization of efficiency in the pursuit of business scale and profitability.
Reserve for Price Fluctuation
In accordance with the Insurance Business Act revised
in 1996, this reserve is provided to cover losses incurred from future decreases in prices of assets such as stocks and bonds for which the value is likely to fluctuate.
Retrocession Premium
When a reinsurance company reinsures a certain portion
of the accepted reinsurance risks to other reinsurers, a reinsurance company pays a retrocession premium to other reinsurers based on the retrocession contracts.
and plainly shows
the income earned from the non-life insurance business (excluding deposit premiums from policyholders).
❶ Direct premiums written -)❷ Reinsurance premiums ceded +)❸ Reinsurance premiums written -)❹ Retrocession premiums ceded
❺ Net premiums written
  (Income statement item)
 Non-Fleet Grade System (Automobile Insurance)
A system of insurance premium discounts and surcharges based on the accident history applied to non-fleet contracts. The term non-fleet contracts refers to contracts where the total number of contract automobiles owned
and used by the policyholder (the number of contracts
with other insurance companies included) is nine or less. (Cases where the number of automobiles is 10 or more are referred to as “fleet contracts.”) The grades are divided into 20 levels (Grade 1 to Grade 20), and the grade is maintained even if the insurance company changes. For more details, see P. 103.
O
Ordinary Outstanding Claims Reserve
A type of outstanding claims reserve set aside based on an estimation of future liability of individual claims that have occurred and been reported but not yet settled.
→ Incurred but Not Reported Loss (IBNR)
Ordinary Underwriting Reserves
The amount of unearned premiums (premium reserve) or the initial year balance, whichever is greater, is set aside as a liability reserve and called “ordinary underwriting reserve.” ・Unearned premiums (premium reserve): Insurance
premiums corresponding to the time period remaining on
an insurance policy, collected beforehand.
・Initial year balance: Premiums received during the fiscal
year less claims paid, reserves for outstanding claims and other expenses incurred under those contracts.
Outstanding Claims
When an accident has occurred prior to the balance sheet date and the related claim has not been paid, provisions are made to the outstanding claims to fund the claim payment.
P
Policies in Force
The outstanding amount of valid insurance policies owned by an insurance company at the end of the fiscal year. It is an indication of the grand total amount (of insurance, etc.) guaranteed to policyholders.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 101
 Appendix
Supplementary Information
 
 S
Solvency Margin Ratio
The solvency margin of an insurance company, including its capital and reserves, seen as a percentage of a risk amount greater than what can be ordinarily expected, which might include catastrophic disasters or a massive drop in the price of owned assets. It is an indicator of the soundness of the company’s management.
Solvency margin ratio = solvency margin ÷ half of total risk amount greater than what
can be ordinarily expected
Strategic Equity
Investments in stocks with the intention of holding the stock over a long period to maintain and strengthen general business relationships with the issuer, while also securing
a stable stream of investment income and improving asset value over the long run.
T
Telematics
A combination of “telecommunication” and “informatics,” telematics refers to information services provided by equipping automobiles and other mobile objects with communications systems.
Telematics Automobile Insurance refers to automobile insurance with the premium rates calculated based on the collected data that relate to the driver’s driving tendency such as miles driven and drivers’ use of accelerator and brake functions.
Term Insurance
A type of insurance where the term of the insurance is
fixed and the insurance benefits can be claimed only if the policyholder dies during the term. There are no maturity proceeds. This is ordinarily a fixed-amount insurance, where the insurance amount is fixed and remains unchanged throughout the term of insurance, but it could also be a decreasing term insurance, where the insurance premium
is fixed and the insurance amount progressively decreases over the insurance term, and increasing term insurance, where the insurance amount increases over the duration of the insurance term. → Whole Life Insurance
Third Sector
The third “sector” of insurance, positioned somewhere between the first sector (life insurance) and second sector (non-life insurance), includes many different types of insurance, such as medical insurance, cancer insurance, nursing care insurance and accident insurance.
Three Surplus Factors (Life Insurance)
The "three surplus factors" refer to three margins: the "administrative expense margin," which is the difference between the planned administrative expense based on
the planned expense ratio and the actual administrative expenses; the "risk margin (mortality margin)," which is the difference between the planned payment amounts from insurance, benefits, etc., based on the planned mortality rate and the actual payment amounts from insurance, benefits, etc.; and the "investment yield margin," which is the difference between the planned investment income based on the planned interest rate and the actual investment income. (If the investment yield margin is negative, it will be in a "negative spread" state.) The three surplus factors are a breakdown of "core profit," which is an indicator of the periodical profit and loss situation of a life insurance company.
Tontine-Type Annuity
Defined as “a plan whereby the guarantee of someone who has died is controlled and their share in an annuity devolved to the pension of someone living,” the tontine-type annuity product offers the benefit of the longer people live, the more pension is received. Its name is derived from an insurance system devised by the Italian Lorenzo de Tonti.
U
Underwriting Profit (Loss)
Claims payment and loss adjustment expenses, maturity refunds
and other underwriting expenses, and operating expenses and other general administrative expenses required for insurance underwriting are subtracted from net premiums written and other underwriting profit, and this is then adjusted to reflect other income and expenditure (such as expenses associated with compulsory automobile liability insurance, etc., corresponding to corporate
taxes) to calculate underwriting profit (loss).
As for non-life insurance companies, the principal
revenue sources are underwriting income and investment income, and underwriting profit indicates the profitability level of underwriting operations.
Underwriting Reserves
The general term for reserve funds set aside by insurance companies based on the legal requirement, for use toward insurance claims payments and other insurance-related obligations that could arise in the future. Underwriting reserves are broadly classified into five types:
(1) ordinary underwriting reserves, (2) catastrophe reserves, (3) contingency reserves, (4) refund reserves and (5) policyholder dividend reserves.
V
Variable Insurance
An insurance product where the premium is invested in stocks, bonds and other assets, and the insurance payment or payout upon cancellation varies depending on the performance of the investment. The investment risk (the risk fluctuation in pension or cancellation payout) is borne by the individual policyholder. When the policyholder dies, the beneficiary can claim the basic insurance + variable insurance. The basic insurance is a minimum amount guaranteed to the policyholder irrespective of the investment fund’s performance. Even when the variable insurance is negative, the basic insurance can be claimed.
W
Whole Life Insurance
Of the types of insurance providing for the receipt of death benefits on death, this is a type that is not for a fixed period but continues for a lifetime and does not have benefits on maturity. → Term Insurance
  Accounting Line Item Terminology
Please refer to the Guide Book for the Understanding of Disclosure Materials of Non-Life Insurance Companies1 (prepared by the General Insurance Association of Japan) and the Life Insurance Company Disclosure Notes Glossary2 (prepared by the Life Insurance Association of Japan) for details of accounting line items and other pertinent information.
1. http://www.sonpo.or.jp/archive/publish/sonpo/ pdf/0004/book_kantanguide.pdf (Japanese only)
2. http://www.seiho.or.jp/data/publication/tora/pdf/ tora_yougo.pdf(Japanese only)
102 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Data Section
          Catastrophe Reserves
● These are reserves that insurance companies set aside to prepare for major disasters (e.g., typhoons, earthquakes) for which the “law of large numbers” does not function.
● The funds are accumulated as reserves (expense posted) at a certain percentage of each fiscal year’s net premiums written.
● If a fiscal year’s loss ratio (ratio of net losses paid to net premiums written) exceeds a certain threshold, reserves are reversed and posted as income.
● This is one of the mechanisms used to mitigate the impact on an insurance company’s fiscal year profit and to guarantee it has a suitable capacity to pay insurance claims.
●
Non-Fleet Grade System (Automobile Insurance)
This system applies discount percentages to grades defined from Grade 1 to Grade 20.
    Amount of reversal of catastrophe reserve
If the net loss ratio exceeds the reversal threshold determined for each insurance line (group), the amount exceeding the threshold is reversed out of the reserve.
(income)
High
Insurance premiums
Grade 1
Grade 2
Grade 3
Grade 4
Grade Grade Grade 18 19 20
 Low High
● When the contract is first concluded, the customer starts
at Grade 6 (or Grade 7) and then rises by a one-grade
increment if there are no accidents.
● If there is an accident, the grade drops by three-grade
increments and, at renewal time, the grade, in principle, drops by three-grade increments per accident.*
*Depending on the accident type and the type of claim received, there are cases where the grade drops by only a one-grade increment and cases where the matter is not counted as an accident.
Surcharges
Low
Low
Discounts
High
     100%
No reversal of catastrophe reserve
Example: FY2010
Reversal of catastrophe reserve
50%
In case of fire/ cargo group
Net Premiums Written
  Net Losses Paid
Net Losses Paid
 FY2011
     Principle
3 grades down for 1 accident
 About Residential Earthquake Insurance
High
Insurance premiums
Low
   Based on Japan’s Law Concerning Earthquake Insurance (the Earthquake Insurance Act), residential earthquake insurance is operated jointly by the government and non-life insurance companies. Reflecting the significant impact that earthquakes can have on society, residential earthquake insurance is
a prerequisite for and incidental to fire insurance. Recognizing the substantial damage that is likely
to occur in the event of a large-scale earthquake, residential earthquake insurance involves a government reinsurance underwriting mechanism
in preparation for the payment of massive insurance amounts. For their part, non-life insurance companies forego the accumulation of profits in similar fashion to compulsory automobile liability insurance. Premiums are set aside as a reserve to cover insurance payments in the event of an earthquake in the future.
Government and Private-Sector Burdens
If no accidents: 1 grade up
   Grade 13
Grade 14
Grade 15
Grade 16
Accident
Grade 17
 Grade 18
     As of April 2019
(¥ billion) 11,700
153.7 87.1
■Private sector: ¥133.8 billion
■Japanese government: ¥11,566.2 billion
High
Insurance premiums
Low
Discount %
Low
●
Even at the same grade, discount percentages differ, depending on whether there have been accidents in the past. When “accidents exist,” insurance premiums are set higher than when “no accidents exist.”
Not accident free
  Grade 15
 Grade 16
Grade
 Grade 17
 11,532.9
  33.3
 33.3
   13.4
 Grade 15
Grade 16
17
Discounts High
 Accident free
Discount %
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 103
 Appendix
Supplementary Information
 
  Corporate Profile
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings is an insurance holding company. The Company controls the entire MS&AD Insurance Group, planning strategies and allocating management resources across the Group, as well as monitoring and overseeing Group companies. The Company has thus established a system for Group corporate governance.
The Company will be the force to maximize the total potential of the Group, forming the center of efforts to raise the level of management control, pursue Group synergies, accelerate decision making and develop human assets through various business frameworks and personnel systems.
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
April 1, 2008 (Name changed on April 1, 2010)
27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Noriyuki Hara, Representative Director, President & CEO ¥100,000 million (As of March 31, 2020)
409 (41,582 on a consolidated basis) (As of March 31, 2020)
Our activities as an insurance holding company are as follows:
1. Management of non-life and life insurance companies and companies qualified to become subsidiaries
under the Insurance Business Act.
2. Any business associated with the above.
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section) Nagoya Stock Exchange (First Section)
KPMG AZSA LLC
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. Organizational Chart (As of April 1, 2020)
  Corporate Name
 Date Established
 Headquarters
 Representative
 Paid-in Capital
 Number of Employees
 Business Description
 Stock Listings
 Independent Auditor
                Office of Audit & Supervisory Board
   Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Shareholders’ Meeting
 Audit & Supervisory Board
  Nomination Committee
 Remuneration Committee
Board of Directors
  Internal Audit Dept.
Group Management Committee
Governance Committee
 Task-Specific Committee Meetings
  Officers in Charge
               104 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Data Section
 Corporate Planning Dept.
Sustainability Section Investment Planning Section
Innovations Section
Data Management Dept.
Information Technology Planning Dept.
Business Development Dept.
Human Resources and General Administration Dept.
Healthcare Administration Center Speakup Section Shareholder Relations and Legal Section Real Estate Section
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept.
Corporate Risk Management Dept. Investment Risk Management Section
International Supervisory Dept. International Life Insurance Business Dept.
Accounting Dept.
Compliance Dept.

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
       Stock and Shareholders (As of March 31, 2020) 1 Summary of Issued Shares
 Class of Stock
Total Number of Issued Shares
2 Shareholding Profile Breakdown by Sector
Common stock 593,291,754
Total Number of Authorized Shares 900,000,000
Item
Japanese Financial Institutions
Japanese Securities Companies
Number of Shareholders
63,251
  Other Japanese Companies
Foreign Companies and Individuals
Japanese Individuals and Others
Total
        Number of Shareholders
176
211.56
35.7%
54
18.68
3.1%
32,216
50.9%
309.99
52.2%
1,509
95.49
16.1%
11,479
18.2%
17.28
2.9%
892 60,620
189.50 78.04
31.9% 13.2%
1,002 375
1.6% 0.6%
1.99 2.09 2.11
0.3% 0.4% 0.4%
63,251
593.29
100.0%
63,251
100.0%
  Number of Shares Held (millions)
  Percentage of Shares Issued
  Breakdown by Number of Shares Held
 Item
1–99
100–999
1,000–9,999
10,000–99,999
100,000 and Above
Total
        Number of Shareholders
  Percentage of All Shareholders
  Breakdown by Region
3 Major Shareholders
18,179
28.7%
1.03
0.2%
2.82
0.5%
66.46
11.2%
189.49
31.9%
593.29
100.0%
9.25
8.06
6.38
4.39
2.52
1.87
1.85
1.71
1.65
1.49
39.16
 Item
 Number of Shares (millions)
Hokkaido
Tohoku
Kanto
Chubu
Kinki
Chugoku
Shikoku
Kyushu
Overseas
Total
             Percentage of Shares Issued
    Shareholder Name
Address
Number of Shares Held (thousands)
Percentage of Shares Issued (%)
    Toyota Motor Corporation
 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
 NIPPON LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 7)
 JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 380055
(Standing agent: Settlement & Clearing Services Dept. Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 5)
 GOVERNMENT OF NORWAY
(Standing agent: Citibank, N.A., Tokyo Branch)
 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 9)
 JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
(Standing agent: Settlement & Clearing Services Dept. Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
 Total
   1, Toyota-cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture 52,610
2-11-3, Hamamatsu-cho, Minato-ku, Tokyo 45,857
  1-6-6, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
c/o Nippon Life Securities Operations Department
36,325
 1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 25,006
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 14,363
  270 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10017, U.S.A. (2-15-1, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
10,620
 1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 10,504
 BANKPLASSEN 2, 0107 OSLO 1 OSLO 0107 NO (6-27-30, Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo)
9,709
 1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 9,367
 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5JP, UNITED KINGDOM (2-15-1 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
8,479
222,845
  Note: Number of shares held is rounded down; percentage of shares issued is shown as rounded to the nearest basis point. The Company owns 24,244 thousand treasury shares, but these are omitted from the table above.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 105
 Data Section
 
 4 Changes in Total Number of Issued Shares, Paid-in Capital and Capital Reserves
(40,000) thousand 593,291 thousand - ¥100,000 million - ¥729,255 million
Note: The decrease in the total number of issued shares was due to the retirement of treasury shares.
 Date
       Balance
Increase/Decrease
Balance
Increase/Decrease
Balance
      June 30, 2017
  5 Basic Information Fiscal Year
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Record Date
Method of Public Notification
Stock Exchange Listings
Administrator of Shareholders’ Registry
Place of Business of Administrator of Shareholders’ Registry:
Special Account Management Institution: (Postal Address)
Telephone Inquiry
April 1 to March 31 of the following year
Within three months of the end of each fiscal year
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders: March 31, every year Year-end dividends: March 31, every year
Interim dividends: September 30, every year
Electronic reporting can be found online at https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/ir/notification.html (Japanese only) In the event of an incident or other event that prevents electronic reporting, the Company will publish its notifications in the Nikkei newspaper.
Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange (First Section) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, Stock Transfer Agency Dept. (1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan)
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited*
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, Stock Transfer Agency Dept. (2-8-4, Izumi, Suginami-ku, Tokyo 168-0063, Japan)
0120-782-031
* Following a share exchange effective April 1, 2010, the Company inherited the responsibility for a special account that was established on the same day for the shareholders of Aioi and NDI. As a result, the special account management institution for prior shareholders of these two companies will continue to be Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation (1-4-5, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo).
106 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Increase/Decrease
Issued Shares
Paid-in Capital
Capital Reserves
 
CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
       Group Business Schematic (As of March 31, 2020) The primary businesses undertaken by MS&AD Holdings and its Group companies
(subsidiaries and affiliates), and the main Group companies undertaking each business, are listed below. Business Overview
★ MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE COMPANY, LTD. (Mainly the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
〈International Businesses〉
★ MSIG Holdings(U.S.A.), Inc. <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc. <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America <U.S.A.>
★ MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc. <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A. <BRAZIL>
★ MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited <U.K.>
★ MS Amlin Underwriting Limited <U.K.>
★ MSI Corporate Capital Limited <U.K.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company(Europe), Limited <U.K.>
★ MS Amlin AG <SWITZERLAND>
★ MSIG Insurance Europe AG <GERMANY>
★ MS Amlin Insurance SE <BELGIUM>
★ MSIG Holdings(Asia)Pte. Ltd. <SINGAPORE>
★ MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd. <SINGAPORE>
★ MS First Capital Insurance Limited <SINGAPORE>
★ MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd. <TAIWAN>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China)Company Limited <CHINA> ★ MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited <HONG KONG>
★ MSIG Insurance(Vietnam)Company Limited <VIETNAM>
● Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited <INDIA> ● Max Life Insurance Company Limited <INDIA>
★ PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk <INDONESIA>
★ PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia <INDONESIA>
● Ceylinco Insurance PLC <SRI LANKA>
★ MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited <THAILAND> ● BPI/MS Insurance Corporation <PHILIPPINES>
★ MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd. <MALAYSIA>
● Hong Leong Assurance Berhad <MALAYSIA>
★ MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd. <LAOS>
〈Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business〉
★ MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd. <JAPAN> ● Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited <JAPAN> ★ Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP <U.K.>
★ MS Financial Reinsurance Limited <BERMUDA>
★ AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Mainly the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
〈International Businesses〉
★ DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited <U.S.A.>
★ DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited <U.S.A.>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited <U.K.>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance UK Limited <U.K.>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG <GERMANY>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE <LUXEMBOURG> ★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd <AUSTRALIA> ★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China)Company Limited <CHINA>
★ MITSUI DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business) ★ MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Life Insurance Business) ★ MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Life Insurance Business)
〈International Businesses〉
● ReAssure Group Plc <U.K.>
● Challenger Limited <AUSTRALIA>
〈Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business〉
★ MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc.
Note: The above shows the primary consolidated subsidiaries and other entities in each business.
The ★ and ● symbols indicate the following: ★: Consolidated subsidiary ●: Equity-method affiliate
         INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 107
 Data Section
 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

 Main Subsidiaries
1. CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
 Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
       Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
 MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc.
 MSIG Holdings (U.S.A.), lnc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America
 MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
 DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited
 DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance UK Limited
 MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
 MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
 MSI Corporate Capital Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited
 Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP
 MS Amlin AG
 MSIG Insurance Europe AG
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG
  Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
Honolulu, U.S.A.
Honolulu, U.S.A.
São Paulo, Brazil
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
Zurich, Switzerland
Cologne, Germany
Ismaning, Germany
Oct. 21, 1918
June 30, 1918
June 3, 1999
Aug. 8, 1996
Sept. 7, 2001
Dec. 6, 1990
Jan. 4, 1993
Oct. 21, 1988
Jan. 28, 1988
Mar. 29, 2001
Jan. 11, 1994
Dec. 12, 1978
Feb. 2, 2007
Dec. 15, 1965
Nov. 8, 2017
Dec. 11, 2017
Sept. 19, 1994
Nov. 29, 1988
Jan. 7, 2000
July 28, 1972
Apr. 30, 2008
Aug. 19, 2010
Apr. 20, 2012
Dec. 8, 2005
Domestic Non- Life Insurance
Domestic Non- Life Insurance
Domestic Non- Life Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Financial Services
Risk-Related Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
Financial Services
International
International
International
¥139,595 million
¥100,005 million
¥39,106 million
¥85,500 million
¥41,060 million
¥1,000 million
¥330 million
US$920,440 thousand
US$5,000 thousand
US$5,000 thousand
US$5,000 thousand
US$4,500 thousand
US$2,500 thousand
BRL619,756 thousand
UK£350,010 thousand
UK£60,100 thousand
UK£1,700 thousand
UK£400 thousand
UK£5,200 thousand
UK£80,700 thousand
US$2,848 thousand
CHF10,000 thousand
€84,000 thousand
€5,000 thousand
100.0 ― 100.0 ― 89.7 ―
100.0 ―
100.0 ―
― 100.0
100.0 ―
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 80.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
                            108 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message
Who We Are
Special Report
Our Way Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
        Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
       MS Financial Reinsurance Limited
 MS Amlin Insurance SE
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE
 MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
 MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd.
 MS First Capital Insurance Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd
 MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China) Company Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China) Company Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Vietnam)Company Limited
 PT.Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk
 PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia
 MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd.
 MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd.
 46 other companies
  Hamilton, Bermuda
Brussels, Belgium
Strassen, Luxembourg
Singapore, Singapore
Singapore, Singapore
Singapore, Singapore
Melbourne, Australia
Taipei, Taiwan
Tianjin, P.R.C.
Shanghai, P.R.C.
Hong Kong, P.R.C.
Hanoi, Vietnam
Jakarta, Indonesia
Jakarta, Indonesia
Bangkok, Thailand
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Vientiane, Laos
Nov. 21, 2011
Jan. 4, 2016
Nov. 12, 2004
Sept. 23, 2004
Sept. 23, 2004
Dec. 9, 1950
Aug. 1, 2008
Sept. 22, 1961
Jan. 23, 2009
Sept. 6, 2007
Sept. 8, 2004
Feb. 2, 2009
July 17, 1984
Dec. 17, 1975
Apr. 14, 1983
Apr. 28, 1979
Sept. 18, 2009
Financial Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
¥46 million
€30,000 thousand
€41,875 thousand
S$783,018 thousand
S$333,442 thousand
S$26,500 thousand
A$87,800 thousand
NT$2,535 million
RMB625,000 thousand
RMB500,000 thousand
HK$1,625 million
VND300,000 million
IDR210,000 million
IDR100,000 million
THB142,666 thousand
MYR1,511 million
US$2,000 thousand
― 100.0 ― 100.0 ― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 97.7
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 80.0
― 80.0
― 86.4
― 65.4 [1.4]
― 51.0
                      Notes: Figures in square brackets [
] represent the percentage of voting rights belonging to closely allied entities or entities that are in agreement with MS&AD on voting issues.
2. EQUITY-METHOD AFFILIATES
 Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
       au Insurance Company, Limited
 Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited
 ReAssure Group Plc
 Challenger Limited
 Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited
 Max Life Insurance Company Limited
 Ceylinco Insurance PLC
 BPI/MS Insurance Corporation
 Hong Leong Assurance Berhad
 four other companies
  Minato-ku, Tokyo
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Shropshire, UK
Sydney, Australia
Chennai, India
Chandigarh, India
Colombo, Sri Lanka
Makati, Philippines
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Feb. 23, 2010
July 15, 1985
Oct. 1, 2018
Sep. 13, 1985
Nov. 2, 2001
July 11, 2000
Feb. 11, 1987
Oct. 1, 1965
Dec. 20, 1982
Domestic Non- Life Insurance
Financial Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
¥3,150 million ― 49.0
¥2,000 million ― 15.0
UK£100,000 25.0 ― thousand
   A$2,113 million
INR2,988 million
INR19,188 million
LKR1,324 million
PHP350,000 thousand
MYR200,000 thousand
16.5 ―
― 40.0
― 25.5
― 15.0
― 48.5
― 30.0
       INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 109
 Data Section
 
 History of the MS&AD Insurance Group in Japan
Major events in the insurance industry
1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002
      Start of Japan’s Big Bang (financial system reform)
Development of original products
Deregulation of premium rate
Diversification of insurance products
End of Japan’s Financial Big Bang First industry realignment
1996 ● Revision of the 1998 ● Abolition of obligation for members to
2001
● Ban on OTC bank
sales of insurance partially lifted
Insurance Business Act
・Mutual entry into non-life and life insurance businessbysubsidiaries   
use the premium rates calculated by the Rating
Organization (Transitional Measures: 2 years)
● Introductionofaninsuranceholdingcompanysystem
・Reform of Insurance Rating Organization system ・Introduction of products and premium rates notification system
Mitsui Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Dai-Tokyo Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Dowa
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Established in 1996
Business started in 2000
1997 ● Approval of risk-subdivision-type automobile insurance
History of the MS&AD Insurance Group
 Founded in 1918
Founded in 1893
Founded in 1918
Founded in 1897
Founded in 1897
In 1918, this company was established as Taisho Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd., with the support of a wide range of companies from many industries centered on Mitsui & Co., Ltd. Besides beginning direct underwriting operations in Thailand in 1934 and undertaking other moves to expand its overseas sales systems from an early stage, the company initiated fund procurement through the issuance of depositary receipts in London from 1964 and otherwise responded to the era of internationalization. It merged with Shin Nippon Fire in 1941 and with Mitsui Fire in 1944. In 1991, it changed its name to Mitsui Marine & Fire.
  This company was established as Osaka-based Osaka Insurance in 1893 by interests related to the copper
and trading industries. Another predecessor company, Tokyo-based Fuso Marine, was established in 1917.
Its management was later transferred to Sumitomo, and it was renamed Sumitomo Marine. Osaka Insurance and Sumitomo Marine merged in 1944, creating Osaka Sumitomo Marine. In 1954, the company’s head office was moved to Tokyo, and the company’s name was changed to Sumitomo Marine. In response to Japanese companies’ moves to establish overseas operations, it progressively built up an overseas sales system.
 Established in 1918 as Tokyo Dosan Fire, which was engaged in the basic fire insurance business, this company merged with Toshin Fire, which was engaged in the general fire insurance business, in 1944 to create Dai Tokyo Fire. From the early 1960s, Dai Tokyo Fire proactively worked to expand its automobile insurance business. It built one of the industry’s top claims handling systems in automobile insurance and organized a network of car repair and maintenance shops, thereby earning the epithet “Dai Tokyo of car repair and maintenance agencies.”
   Established in 1897 as Otaru Cargo Fire, this company merged with Okura Fire of the Okura zaibatsu in 1944. In 1945, it merged with the former Chiyoda Fire, which was established as a sister company of Chiyoda Life, and it changed its name to Chiyoda Fire in 1946. After the war, Chiyoda Fire cooperated with Tokai Bank and built strong ties with the financial industry in the greater Nagoya region. After building ties with Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd., it developed as a company with particularly strong operations in automobile insurance.
       110
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Established in 1897 as Yokohama Fire, it merged with three companies based in the Kansai region – Kobe Marine, Kyodo Fire, and Asahi Marine – in 1944 to create Dowa Fire. After the war, it redeveloped aviation insurance and developed satellite insurance products, earning a reputation as being particularly strong in the aerospace field, and it maintained one of the industry’s top levels of financial soundness.
Nissay General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
     Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Mitsui Mirai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Marine Yu-Yu Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Dai-Tokyo Shiawase Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda Kasai Ebisu Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Note: Because the 1996 Revision of the Insurance Business Act removed the prohibition of life and non-life insurance company moves
to enter the other insurance sector through subsidiaries, Mitsui Marine & Fire, Sumitomo Marine & Fire, Dai-Tokyo Fire & Marine and Chiyoda Fire & Marine, each established a life insurance subsidiary and began engaging in the life insurance business.
         
 Data Section
  2006 2009 2010 2012 2013 2016 2020
Second industry realignment, Strengthening of policyholder protection/deregulation
2006 ● Review of the policyholder protection system 2010 ● Implementation of 2013 ● Introduction of an insurance
 ● Introduction of a small-amount, short- the Insurance Act
soliciting subcontracting system
term insurance system
2007 ● Implementation of Financial Instruments and Exchange Act
● OTC bank sales of insurance fully liberalized
2012 ● Review, etc. of regulations relating
to the transfer of insurance contracts
2016 ● Establishment of basic rules for insurance soliciting
● Development, etc. of regulations relating to insurance solicitors
  Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Merged in 2001
Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
Merged in 2001
Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Merged in 2001
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki
Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Merged in 2001
Aioi Life Insurance
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings (MSIGHD)
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
  Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
  Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
  Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 CEO Message
Who We Are
Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Established in 2008
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd., and Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd., became subsidiaries of MSIGHD.
2010 Establishment of the MS&AD Insurance Group
Company name changed in 2010
  Merged in 2001
 Merged in 2010
      Co., Ltd.
Business started in 2002
Company name changed in 2005
Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd.
Inaugurated in 2011
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Company name changed in 2011
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
    Mitsui Sumitomo
CitiInsurance Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 111

 Group Network and History of International Business (As of July 1, 2020)
Overseas branches and offices ............ Branches  Offices
Overseas subsidiaries and affiliates ........................ ●
Branches and offices of
overseas subsidiaries and affiliates ........................... ○
Brussels Dublin
Paris Zurich
Madrid
Almaty New Delhi
GurugramChennai Mumbai
Saint Petersburg
Oslo Amsterdam Copenhagen Warsaw
Cologne Ismaning Bratislava
Underwriting agents for the Head Office and others ...
■
Expansion of Non-Life Insurance Business
Business expansion through M&A
2004 Acquired the Asian non-life insurance business of U.K.-based AVIVA
2005 Acquired Taiwan-based Mingtai
2015 Acquired U.K.-based Box Innovation Group
2016 Acquired U.K.-based Amlin
2017 Acquired First Capital (Singapore)
Sandton Johannesburg
Business initiations through capital investments in local markets
2000 Became the first Japanese non-life insurance company to establish a Lloyd’s syndicate
2000 Began Toyota Retail Business in Germany and France 2012 Established a company in Germany
2015 Invested in Ceylinco Insurance (Sri Lanka) 2019 Invested in IKBZ Insurance (Myanmar)
Bangalore
Colombo
Moscow
Gibraltar
2018 Investment in ReAssure (U.K.) Developing business in major countries/regions
1924 1934
U.K. Thailand (Office)*
1956 1957
U.K. U.S./ Hong Kong
1958 1962 1966
Singapore/ Malaysia Australia Germany
1969 1970
Indonesia New Zealand
Items not marked with * indicate the year in which a direct insurance license was acquired.
112 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Dubai Abu Dhabi
Saipan Guam
London Derby
Expansion of Life Insurance Business
Expansion and diversification of international life insurance business
Sydney Melbourne
Milan Rome
Senningerberg Istanbul
2010 Investment in Hong Leong Assurance Berhad (Malaysia) 2011 Investment in Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad (Malaysia) 2011 Investment in PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG (Indonesia) 2012 Investment in Max Life Insurance Company Limited (India) 2017 Investment in Challenger Limited (Australia)

 CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Net Premiums Written and Geographical Dispersion
 Americas 17%
  Americas
Europe  27%
¥461.6  Asia
billion
billion
56%
FY2015 (Results)
Yangon
Bangkok
Kuala Lumpur
Petaling Jaya Jakarta
Auckland
1974 1977
Phnom Penh Manila Ho Chi Minh
Honolulu
Plano Dallas
Irapuato
Mexico City
Seoul
Beijing
Tianjin
Wuxi Shanghai
Hangzhou Suzhou Macau Guangzhou Taipei
Hanoi Vientiane
Hong Kong
São Paulo Buenos Aires
Labuan
Singapore
Bandar Seri Begawan
Los Angeles
Toronto
New York
Trenton
Cincinnati Atlanta
Miami
Panama City Bogota
Lima
Hamilton
Shenzhen
1978 1997 1999
2001 2003
2005 2010 2015
Warren Overland Park
Detroit Chicago
Myanmar/ Brazil Philippines France Vietnam Taiwan (Shanghai) India Cambodia Laos SouthAfrica
(Office)*
Queretaro
China
23%
Asia ¥938.8 43%
Europe 34%
FY2019 (Results)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 113

 Global Network (As of July 1, 2020)
☆:Overseas Branches ★:Overseas Offices ●:Major Overseas Subsidiaries and Affiliates
△:Major Branches or Offices of Overseas Subsidiaries and Affiliates ■:Underwriting Agents for the Head Office ASIA AND OCEANIA
 SINGAPORE
 THAILAND
 MALAYSIA
 PHILIPPINES
 INDONESIA
 REPUBLIC OF KOREA
 PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
 HONG KONG
 MACAU
 MS&AD Holdings MSI
ADI MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
MSI
MSI MSI MSI
MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
MSI ADI MSI
● Interisk Asia Pte Ltd
● MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
● MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd. ● MS First Capital Insurance Limited
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Services Asia Pte. Ltd. ● InterRisk Asia(Thailand)Co., Ltd.
☆ Thailand Branch
● MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited
● MSI Holding(Thailand)Company Limited
● MSIG Service and Adjusting(Thailand)Company Limited ● Calm Sea Service Company Limited
● MBTS Broking Services Company Limited
★ Bangkok Representative Office
● Aioi Bangkok Insurance Public Company Limited ● Bangkok Chayoratn Company, Limited
● Bangkok Chayolife Company, Limited
● MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd.
● MSIG Berhad
● Hong Leong Assurance Berhad
● Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad
● BPI/MS Insurance Corporation ● PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia
● PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk. ☆ Korea Branch
● InterRisk Consulting(Shanghai)Co., Ltd.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China)Company Limited
△ Guangdong Branch Shenzhen Marketing Service Department △ Beijing Branch
△ Jiangsu Branch Suzhou Marketing Service Department
△ Shanghai Marketing Division
★ Beijing Representative Office
★ China General Representative Office
★ Guangzhou Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China)Company Limited △ Zhejiang Branch
● Guang Ai Insurance Brokers Ltd.
● MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited
★ Hong Kong Representative Office
△ MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited Macau Branch
                                114 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message
Who We Are
Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        TAIWAN
 VIETNAM
 INDIA
 MYANMAR
 CAMBODIA
 LAO PEOPLE’S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
 AUSTRALIA
 NEW ZEALAND
 SRI LANKA
 MSI ADI
MSI
MSI
MSI MSI
MSI
MS&AD Holdings MSI
ADI
MSI ADI MSI
● MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd. ★ Taipei Representative Office
● MSIG Insurance (Vietnam) Company Limited
△ MSIG Insurance (Vietnam) Company Limited, Ho Chi Minh City Branch
● Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited ● Cholamandalam MS Risk Services Limited
★ New Delhi Representative Office
● Max Life Insurance Company Limited
△ Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited Regional Office, Bangalore △ Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited J & K Office, Gurugram
★ Yangon Representative Office ● Asia Insurance(Cambodia)Plc.
● MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd. ● Challenger Limited
☆ Oceania Branch
★ Oceania Branch Melbourne Office
☆ Australian Branch
★ Sydney Representative Office
★ Melbourne Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd
★ Oceania Branch New Zealand Office ☆ New Zealand Branch
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Management New Zealand Limited ● Ceylinco Insurance PLC
★ New York Representative Office
● MSIG Holdings (U.S.A.), Inc.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Marine Management (U.S.A.), Inc. △ New York Office
△ Warren Office
△ Los Angeles Office
△ Cincinnati Office
△ Atlanta Office
△ Chicago Office
△ Detroit Office
△ Dallas Office
● Seven Hills Insurance Agency, LLC
● MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
● MSI GuaranteedWeather, LLC
● Vortex Insurance Agency, LLC
★ New York Representative Office
★ Honolulu Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Services USA Corporation ● Advanced Connectivity, LLC
● Connected Analytic Services, LLC
● Toyota Insurance Management Solutions USA, LLC
● DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited
● DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited
● DTRIC Management Company, Limited
                          THE AMERICAS
 U.S.A.
MSI
  ADI
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 115
 Data Section
 
  GUAM (U.S.A.)
 SAIPAN (U.S.A.)
 CANADA
 BERMUDA
 MEXICO
 PANAMA
 BRAZIL
 COLOMBIA
 PERU
 ARGENTINA
 ADI ■ Takagi & Associates, Inc.
ADI ■ Takagi & Associates, Inc. Saipan Branch
    ★ Toronto Representative Office c/o Chubb Insurance Company of Canada ■ Chubb Insurance Company of Canada
MSI
MSI ● MSI GuaranteedWeather Trading Limited
  ● SPAC Insurance(Bermuda)Limited
● MS Financial Reinsurance Limited
MSI △ MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc. Mexican Representative Office c/o Mapfre Tepeyac, S.A. MSI ★ Panama Representative Office
● Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A.
MSI ● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited-Escritório de Representação no Brasil Ltda.
★ São Paulo Representative Office MSI ★ Bogotá Representative Office
MSI ★ Lima Representative Office
MSI ★ Buenos Aires Representative Office
EUROPE, THE MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA
              UNITED KINGDOM
 GERMANY
  MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
MSI ADI
● ReAssure Group plc
★ London Representative Office
● MS Amlin Corporate Services Limited
● MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
● MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited
△ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited Derby Office ● MSIG Corporate Services (Europe) Limited
● Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP
★ London Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance UK Limited
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Management Limited ● Box Innovation Group Limited
● Insure The Box Limited
△ Insure The Box Limited UK Branch
● ITB Services Limited
● ITB Web Limited
● ITB Telematics Solutions LLP
● ITB Premium Finance Limited
● MSIG Insurance Europe AG
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Region Germany
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE German Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE German Branch
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG
          116 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message
Who We Are
Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        NETHERLANDS
 FRANCE
 BELGIUM
 LUXEMBOURG
 SWITZERLAND
 SPAIN
 ITALY
 SLOVAKIA
 RUSSIA
 NORWAY
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
 KAZAKHSTAN
 DENMARK
 POLAND
 MSI MSI
ADI
MSI
ADI
ADI
MSI MSI
ADI MSI ADI MSI MSI
ADI
ADI MSI
MSI ADI ADI ADI ADI
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG The Netherlands Branch △ MSIG Insurance Europe AG France Branch
★ Paris Representative Office
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE French Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE French Branch
● MS Amlin Insurance SE
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Belgium Branch
△ MSIG Corporate Services (Europe) Limited Belgium Branch
★ Brussels Representative Office
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Belgian Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE Belgian Branch
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE ● Toyota Insurance Management SE
● MS Amlin AG
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Spain Branch
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Spanish Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE Spanish Branch
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Italy Branch
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Italian Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE Italian Branch
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Slovakia Branch ★ Moscow Representative Office
★ St. Petersburg Representative Office
★ Moscow Representative Office
● LLC Toyota Insurance Management Limited (Insurance Brokers) ● LLC Toyota Insurance Management Limited (Insurance Agency)
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Norwegian Branch ★ Dubai Representative Office
★ Abu Dhabi Representative Office
△ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited Johannesburg Representative Office ● Toyota Insurance Management South Africa Proprietary Limited
● Toyota Insurance Management (Insurance Broker) LLP
△ Toyota Insurance Management SE Nordic Branch
△ Toyota Insurance Management SE Polish Branch
                                          INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 117
 Data Section
 
 Credit Ratings
Credit Ratings for Domestic Insurance Companies
This section contains information about credit ratings assigned to the following companies in the Group.(As of July 1, 2020) ー A+ A+ ー A+
ー A+ A+ ー A+ (Stable) (Stable) (Stable)
ー A-1 A-1 ー ー
ー A1 A1 ー ー (Stable) (Stable)
ー A1 ー ー ー (Stable)
ー AA AA ー ー (Stable) (Stable)
  Rating Agency
Moody's
Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR)
Rating Assigned
Long-Term Issuer Rating
MS&AD Holdings
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
       Financial Strength Rating
 Standard & Poor’s
Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating
 Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating
  Insurance Financial Strength Rating
   Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
Issuer Rating
 Insurance Claims Paying Ability
  Ability to Pay Insurance Claims
 Long-Term Issuer Rating
 Short-Term Rating (Commercial Paper)
  A.M. Best
Financial Strength Rating
 Issuer Credit Rating
   (Stable) (Stable) (Stable)
      ーーー
ー ー AA+ (Stable)
AA AA+ AA+ (Stable) (Stable) (Stable)
ー J-1+ J-1+
ー A+ A+ (Stable) (Stable)
ー aa aa (Stable) (Stable)
Credit Ratings for Overseas Insurance Companies
The table below indicates information about credit ratings of overseas subsidiaries.
(As of July 1, 2020)
A+ (Stable)1
A+ (Stable)2
A+ (Stable)
A (Stable)
A1 (Stable)
A+ (Stable) aa (Stable)
A (Stable) a+ (Stable)
A- (Stable) a- (Stable)
A (Stable) a (Stable)
AA AA (Stable) (Stable)
ー ー
ーー
ー ー
ー ー
ー ー
       Rating Agency
Standard & Poor's
Overseas Subsidiaries
Credit Rating
    Moody’s
 A.M. Best
   Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co. (Europe), Ltd. MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Ltd.
MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
MSIG Insurance Europe AG
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance UK Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA, Inc.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (China) Co., Ltd. MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS Amlin AG
Amlin Insurance SE
Syndicate 2001 MS Amlin AG
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA, Inc.
MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
Syndicate 2001 MS Amlin AG
DTRIC Insurance Company Ltd.
DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (China) Co., Ltd.
MS First Capital Insurance Limited
Financial Strength Rating
Financial Strength Rating
Financial Strength Rating
Financial Strength Rating
Insurance Financial Strength Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
         1. Applicable to the same ratings of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance with the guarantee on insurance/reinsurance policies, issued by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (the issuer of the guarantee, the “Guarantor”). The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee rank pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor. The guarantee is unconditional and covers the subsidiaries' obligations of payment and not collection.
2. Applicable to the same rating of Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance with the guarantee on insurance/reinsurance policies, issued by Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (the issuer of the guarantee, the "Guarantor"). The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee rank pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor. The guarantee is unconditional and covers the subsidiaries' obligations of payment and not collection.
118 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
       Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI)
Responsible for the non-life insurance business, which is a core business of the MS&AD Insurance Group. Drawing on its wide range of partnerships centering mainly on the Mitsui and Sumitomo groups, MSI is leveraging the full range of its capabilities to develop and rollout global insurance and financial services that meet every conceivable need of customers around the world.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
   Item
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
Net premiums written
 1,507.4
 1,469.6
 1,500.3
 1,512.4
 1,547.9
 1,502.0
 Growth rate of net premiums written
4.3%
(2.5%)
2.1%
0.8%
2.3%
(3.0%)
 Net loss ratio
 58.9%
 61.2%
 61.6%
 66.2%
 63.3%
 61.2%
 Net expense ratio
  31.0%
  31.2%
  31.3%
  31.5%
  32.0%
  34.5%
 Combined ratio
89.9%
92.4%
92.9%
97.7%
95.3%
95.7%
 Underwriting income
  19.1
  81.7
  84.4
  47.3
  7.3
  48.0
 Investment income
152.8
139.4
182.5
185.9
93.9
75.0
 Ordinary profit
  167.8
  215.5
  262.5
  226.4
  89.1
  114.0
 Net income
113.9
164.5
198.2
171.1
94.0
76.0
 Net assets
 1,527.4
 1,645.0
 1,877.0
 1,832.6
 1,640.0
 -
 Total assets
  6,786.5
  6,777.0
  7,098.2
  6,977.1
  6,686.0
  -
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
1,251.1
1,294.0
1,419.7
1,226.7
947.8
-
 Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated)
 585.9%
 657.9%
 701.1%
 723.2%
 701.3%
 -
 Number of employees
  14,691
  14,650
  14,572
  14,577
  14,371
  -
   Notes: 1. Net premiums written, net loss ratio, net expense ratio and combined ratio figures are presented exclusive of Good Result Return premiums of propriety automobile insurance product “ModoRich,” which contains a special clause related to premium adjustment and refund at maturity.
2. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
3. Net expense ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net premiums written × 100 4. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expense ratio
5. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair
value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
 (¥ billion)
1,547.9
Other ¥279.0 billion
Fire and Allied ¥206.0 billion
Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2019)
   1,550 1,500 1,450 1,400 1,350 1,300
1,500.3
2017
1,512.4
1,502.0
2020 (Forecast)
95.7
18.0%
13.3%
    Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥183.8 billion
Total ¥1,547.9 billion
Marine ¥61.9 billion
11.9%
4.0%
Automobile ¥670.3 billion
Personal Accident ¥146.6 billion
  2018 2019
97.7 95.3
2018 2019
(FY)
43.3%
9.5%
 Combined Ratio
(%)
110.0
100.0
92.9
90.0 80.0
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
(¥ billion)
300 250 200 150 100
50 0
Net Income
Ordinary Profit 262.5
226.4
198.2
171.1
     2017
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
2017
2018
89.1 94.0
2019
114.0
76.0
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 119
 Data Section
 Company Overview
President: Noriyuki Hara
(concurrently serving as representative director,president and CEO of MS&AD Holdings)
Date Established: October 1918
Number of Employees: 14,371 (As of March 31, 2020) Head Office: 9, Kanda-Surugadai 3-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo URL https://www.ms-ins.com/english/
 
Company Overview
President: Yasuzo Kanasugi (concurrently serving as representative director, vice chairman and vice chairman of MS&AD Holdings) Date Established: June 1918
Number of Employees: 13,775 (As of March 31, 2020) Head Office: 28-1, Ebisu 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo URL https://www.aioinissaydowa.co.jp
(Japanese language only)
 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (ADI)
Responsible for the non-life insurance business, which is a core business of the MS&AD Insurance Group. Harnessing the networks of the Toyota and Nippon Life groups as well as the strength of its community-based retail market development capabilities, ADI is working diligently to further develop its business.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
   Item
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
Net premiums written
 1,192.0
 1,200.5
 1,222.0
 1,233.5
 1,276.7
 1,242.0
 Growth rate of net premiums written
2.7%
0.7%
1.8%
0.9%
3.5%
(2.7%)
 Net loss ratio
 59.2%
 59.1%
 59.2%
 67.8%
 62.0%
 62.6%
 Net expense ratio
  34.3%
  33.5%
  33.4%
  33.8%
  34.5%
  35.7%
 Combined ratio
93.5%
92.6%
92.6%
101.6%
96.5%
98.3%
 Underwriting income
  24.8
  39.5
  4.8
  15.5
  1.1
  7.0
 Investment income
34.9
32.2
(1.9)
43.0
55.3
16.0
 Ordinary profit
  61.7
  75.1
  5.6
  61.3
  58.6
  26.0
 Net income
31.0
50.3
15.6
37.3
44.7
23.0
 Net assets
 745.1
 793.0
 781.0
 735.5
 638.0
 -
 Total assets
  3,418.5
  3,498.2
  3,486.6
  3,410.9
  3,420.7
  -
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
473.7
505.3
578.7
506.3
375.3
-
 Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated)
 829.3%
 851.6%
 784.0%
 688.2%
 702.3%
 -
 Number of employees
  13,260
  13,052
  13,287
  13,657
  13,775
  -
   Notes: 1. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
2. Net expense ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net premiums written × 100 3. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expense ratio
4. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair
value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2019)
Total ¥1,276.7 billion
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
 (¥ billion)
1,300 1,250 1,200 1,150 1,100
1,276.7
2019
96.5
2019
Other ¥137.4 billion
Fire and Allied ¥199.2 billion
     1,222.0
2017
1,233.5
2018
1,242.0
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
98.3
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
10.8%
15.6%
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥162.8 billion
Marine ¥7.2 billion
   Combined Ratio
(%) 110.0
100.0
90.0
80.0
(¥ billion)
80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
0
Ordinary Profit 61.3
Net Income
101.6
2018
37.3
58.6 44.7
12.7%
0.6%
Automobile ¥713.0 billion
Personal Accident ¥56.9 billion
  55.8%
4.5%
     92.6
2017
15.6 5.6
2017
2018 2019
26.0 23.0
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
   120
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
       Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
(Mitsui Direct General)
Mitsui Direct General is a non-life insurance company that engages in the direct sale of individual voluntary automobile insurance via the Internet and smartphones.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
   Item
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
Net premiums written
 36.5
 37.6
 37.8
 36.6
 36.3
 36.6
 Growth rate of net premiums written
4.3%
3.0%
0.6%
(3.2%)
(0.8%)
0.6%
 Net loss ratio
 79.0%
 75.9%
 73.0%
 76.2%
 74.9%
 75.7%
 Net expense ratio
 21.9%
 22.0%
 23.3%
 25.3%
 28.3%
 29.4%
 Combined ratio
 100.9%
 97.9%
 96.3%
 101.5%
 103.2%
 105.1%
 Underwriting income
 (5.45)
 (1.00)
 0.38
 0.33
 0.13
 0.12
 Ordinary profit
 (5.37)
 (0.95)
 0.45
 0.38
 0.17
 0.16
 Net income
 (5.42)
 (1.00)
 0.32
 0.24
 0.15
 0.10
 Net assets
 6.4
 13.3
 13.6
 13.9
 14.0
 -
 Total assets
  51.0
  59.9
 61.4
 60.9
 59.7
 -
Solvency margin ratio(non-consolidated) 230.4%
 431.4%
 457.5%
 497.6%
 526.9%
 -
 Number of employees
  554
  572
  571
  545
  552
  -
   Notes: 1. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
2. Net expense ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷
net premiums written × 100
3. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expense ratio
Principal Management Indicators
 (¥ billion)
40.0 39.0 38.0 37.0 36.0 35.0 34.0
Personal Accident ¥0.07 billion
Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2019)
Total ¥36.37 billion
  37.8
2017
0.2%
 36.6 36.3 2018 2019
36.6
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
105.1
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥0.48 billion
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
Automobile ¥35.81 billion
1.3%
98.5%
  Combined Ratio
(%) 110.0
100.0 90.0
(¥ billion) 0.5
0.4 0.3 0.2 0.1
0
Ordinary Profit
Net Income
101.5 96.3
103.2
0.4
0.3 0.3
0.2 0.17 0.15 2017 2018 2019
    80.0 2017
2018 2019
0.16 0.10
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 121
 Data Section
 Company Overview
President: Akio Miyamoto
Date Established: June 1999
Number of Employees: 552 (As of March 31, 2020) Head Office: 5-3, Kouraku 1-chome, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.mitsui-direct.co.jp (Japanese language only)
 
Company Overview
President: Hitoshige Tanbo
Date Established: August 1996 Number of Employees: 2,588
(As of March 31, 2020)
Head Office: 27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.msa-life.co.jp (Japanese language only)
 Domestic Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
(MSI Aioi Life)
MSI Aioi Life is a life insurance company that offers protection-type life insurance products, while leveraging the Group’s marketing network and customer base. The company is realizing a growth model that involves a combination of strategies to utilize unique marketing channels.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
   Item
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
Amount of new policies
 2,423.3
 2,377.1
 2,639.5
 3,114.5
 2,068.4
 1,615.1
 Amount of policies in force
22,576.0
23,214.2
23,806.8
24,533.1
24,458.0
24,133.2
 Annualized premiums of policies in force
 375.7
 401.0
 412.3
 431.5
 448.1
 441.7
 Ordinary profit
  18.6
  16.1
  16.9
  19.5
  18.6
  19.8
 Core profit
19.4
18.6
12.8
15.5
13.6
-
 Risk differential gains/(losses)
  51.5
  55.8
  59.9
  62.7
  62.6
  -
 Expenses differential gains/(losses)
(16.3)
(14.6)
(15.3)
(13.0)
(10.8)
-
 Investment income differential gains/(losses)
  2.0
  (0.2)
  (2.2)
  (4.3)
  (7.9)
  -
 Net income
6.0
4.5
5.2
7.9
7.5
8.0
 Net assets
 199.7
 276.2
 264.5
 275.9
 260.7
 -
 Total assets
  3,229.0
  3,619.1
  3,869.7
  4,229.6
  4,510.4
  -
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
165.2
126.3
107.5
114.0
86.9
-
 Embedded value (EEV)
 595.8
 794.2
 835.5
 819.4
 890.2
 912.0
 Solvency margin ratio
  1,598.4%
  1,893.2%
  1,726.7%
  1,681.8%
  1,549.3%
  -
 Number of employees
 2,554
 2,595
 2,609
 2,602
 2,588
 -
   Notes: 1. Amount of new policies, amount of policies in force and annualized premiums of policies in force are the total of individual insurance and individual annuity insurance. 2. Core profit is an insurance business profitability indicator that is calculated by deducting capital gains/(losses) and non-recurring income and losses from ordinary profit. 3. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair
value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
Annualized Premiums of Policies in Force
Weight by Type of Product (FY2019)
Savings-Type Products (whole life insurance, endowment insurance, individual annuity insurance, lump sum whole life insurance, other)
25%
Protection-Type Products (medical insurance, income guarantee insurance, term life insurance, increasing termlife insurance, other)
 (¥ billion) 450
448.1
2019
Medical Insurance
   412.3
2017
431.5
2018
441.7
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
21%
 401.0 350
300
2016
 400
Income Guarantee Insurance (including income guarantee special clause)
  (¥ billion)
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
794.2
2016
835.5
2017
819.4
2018
890.2
2019
912.0
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
(¥ billion) 25
20 15 10
5 0
Ordinary Profit
16.9
Net Income 19.5 18.6
19.8
8.0
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
75%
Other 9% 45%
 Embedded Value (EEV)
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
(Refer to the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” on P. 98)
       16.1
4.5 2016
7.9 7.5 5.2
     122
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
2017
2018 2019
 
CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
       Domestic Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
(MSI Primary Life)
Specializing in over-the-counter sales via financial institutions, MSI Primary Life is a life insurance company that offers asset-building-type and asset-inheritance-type products centered on individual annuity insurance and whole life insurance.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
    Item
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
Premiums income
 1,299.4
 1,071.1
 1,015.6
 1,095.6
 872.1
 500.0
 Amount of new policies
1,262.6
1,032.2
1,015.6
1,118.2
882.7
528.5
 Amount of policies in force
 4,910.8
 5,680.7
 6,061.8
 6,678.5
 6,514.0
 6,290.0
 Ordinary profit
  39.9
  57.6
  28.9
  35.5
  31.4
  24.6
 Core profit/(loss)
14.3
52.7
8.8
(12.3)
(27.9)
-
 Core profit + Capital gains
  41.9
  58.9
  30.0
  44.2
  27.6
  -
 Net income
17.8
20.7
29.2
23.3
20.3
15.0
 Net assets
  125.0
  137.7
  164.0
  195.3
  194.8
  -
 Total assets
5,191.2
5,838.0
6,201.7
6,885.3
6,814.9
-
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
  14.6
 10.4
 11.3
 27.3
 (7.4)
 -
 Embedded value (EEV)
  333.8
  375.3
  416.2
  436.1
  348.4
  -
 Solvency margin ratio
985.5%
1,030.5%
992.9%
825.4%
746.0%
-
 Number of employees
  381
  384
  394
  400
  396
  -
   Notes: 1. The amount of new policies and amount of policies in force are the totals of individual insurance and individual annuity insurance.
2. Core profit is an insurance business profitability indicator that is calculated by deducting capital gains/(losses) and non-recurring income and losses
from ordinary profit. In this business, the sum of core profit and capital gains (losses) provides a more appropriate indicator of actual profit for the period. As for MSI Primary Life, the sum of core profit and capital gains(losses) provides a more appropriate indicator of actual profit for the period instead of core profit(loss). Meanwhile, the method for disclosing the breakdown of ordinary profit was revised effective from FY2017. As a result of retroactive adjustments to FY2016 data, core profit (fundamental profit) for FY2016 has been revised.
3. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represent the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
Premiums Income
Weight by Type of Sales Channel (FY2019)
 (¥ billion)
1,200 1,000 800 600 400 200 0
Fixed Variable
1,071.1 1,015.6 1,095.6 872.1
Japan Post Bank, Securities Firms, etc.
 11%
    (¥ billion) 8,000
7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
Fixed
5,680.7
Variable
6,061.8 6,678.5 6,514.0 6,290.0
(¥ billion)
60 50 40 30 20 10
Ordinary Profit 57.6
28.9 29.2
20.7
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) (Forecast)
2016
2017 2018
2019
34%
55%
500.0
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
Mega Banks, Trust Banks, etc.
Regional Banks, Shinkin Banks
  Amount of Policies in Force
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
Net Income
35.5 31.4
23.3 20.3
      24.6 15.0
      2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) 0 (Forecast)
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 123
 Data Section
 Company Overview
President: Yasuhiro Nagai
Date Established: September 2001 Number of Employees: 396
(As of March 31, 2020)
Head Office: Yaesu First Financial Building, 3-7, Yaesu 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.ms-primary.com (Japanese language only)
 
 International Business
MS Amlin
 Centered on three operating companies―Lloyd’s, Reinsurance and Continental Europe Primary Insurance―MS Amlin is a leading insurer that provides both insurance and reinsurance services around the world.
Principal Indicators
(£ million)
  Principal Indicators
 Item
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
Net premiums written
 3,093
 2,955
 3,050
 3,220
 2,755
 Growth rate of net premiums written
-
(4.5%)
3.2%
5.6%
(14.4%)
 EI claims ratio
64%
 97%
 71%
 67%
 -
  EI expense ratio
 32%
  36%
  35%
  34%
  -
  Combined ratio
 96%
 133%
 106%
 102%
 -
 Underwriting income/(loss)
107
(964)
(174)
(55)
-
 Investment income
 117
  181
  54
  263
  -
  Net income
 83
 (759)
 (94)
 55
 (105)
  Net Premiums Written and Combined Ratio
Net Premiums Written (left axis) Combined Ratio(%)(right axis) NPW of former MSI Lloyd's & Reinsurance business
 (£ million) 3,500
3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500
(%)
3,093 2,955 3,050 3,220 150
 439 2,392 2,654
133
2018
2,755 140 130
120
102 110 100
       Notes: 1.Onalocalreportingbasis.Theaccountingmethodwheresecurities 1,000 market fluctuations are reflected in the profit-loss statement has been
adopted for investment profit. 500 The EI expense ratio and combined ratio are calculated by taking into
account foreign exchange gains/losses included in underwriting profit.
2. Figures for FY2016 include results of MSI’s Lloyd’s and Reinsurance 0
subsidiaries that were consolidated into MS Amlin at the end of
FY2016.
3. Figures for FY2020 are the sum of MS Amlin Underwriting Limited, MS
Amlin AG, MSAmlin Insurance SE, and other services companies.
Gross Premiums Written by Product Line
96※
106
89 2015
2016
2017
2019
90 80
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
 *After consolidation of MSI’s Lloyd’s and Reinsurance businesses into MS Amlin
Gross Premiums Written by Geography
 Casualty and Other
Marine & Aviation Insurance
Others
UK
£3,705 Europe million 33%
   32%
FY2019 Gross Premiums Written for
£3,705 million
17%
14%     16%
FY2019 Gross Premiums Written for
 Motor Insurance
Property Insurance
North America
  13%
38%
37%
 Overview of the Insurance Business of the Three MS Amlin Companies (As of March 31, 2020)
  Company Name
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
MS Amlin AG
MS Amlin Insurance SE
Headquarters
 UK, London
 Switzerland, Zurich
 Belgium, Brussels
 CEO
Tom Clementi
Chris Beazley
Ludovic Senecaut
 Number of Employees*
  Approx. 540
  Approx. 160
  Approx. 450
 FY2019 Net Premiums Written (£ million)
 1,549
 1,144
 520
  Business Description
  Lloyd’s businesses
 Reinsurance business in Switzerland, Bermuda, the United States, etc.
  Continental Europe Primary Insurance business with
a focus on Belgium, the Netherlands and France, etc.
  * In addition to the aforementioned, the company has approximately 600 employees in service and other companies.
124 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
       International Business
Asian Region
 As the sole insurance group with underwriting operations in all 10 ASEAN countries in the Asian region, we are leveraging our solid business base to create further growth and expand locally rooted businesses.
Principal Indicators1
Net Premiums Written and Net income
Gross Written Premiums by Product Line (FY2019)
  (¥ billion)
200 150 100
Net Premiums Written (left axis) Net Income (right axis)
(¥ billion)
 156.1
138.9
11.7
25%
Motor Insurance
168.9 26.1 166.9 146.7
11.2
160.8 17.6
30 20 10
Others
        9.5 00
Marine Insurance
50
37.3 6.5
31.4 4.0
12.6 0.9
12.0 0.4
4.2 0.6
Trends in Premium Growth Rates (FY2015-FY2019)45
10%
Property Insurance
Country / Region
Net premiums written
16.6
40%
  2015 2016 2017 2018
Conditions by Major Country and Region (FY2019)
2
2019 2020 (FY) (Forecast)
25%
  Net income
Net premiums written
Net income
       Singapore
Vietnam
1.5
36.8
30.7
52.8
6.5
(¥ billion) 0.5
2.0
1.5
0.9
0.4
    Malaysia
China
    Hong Kong
Taiwan
    Thailand
India3
    Indonesia
Country / Region
 Philippines3
    (%) 50
40 30 20 10
0
-10
-20
(%) 120
110
100
 90
 80
 70
Singapore Malaysia
Hong Kong Thailand
Indonesia Vietnam
China Taiwan
India Philippines
Trends in Combined Ratios (FY2015-FY2019)
                        2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(FY)
60 2015
2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY)
1. Figures are calculated and presented using data for subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates in Asia (excluding countries in Oceania). Figures for overseas offices are not included. 2. Data reflects consolidated figures for MS Fist Capital Limited of Singapore from FY2018.
3. Equity-method affiliates. Net premiums written are shown on a 100% basis, regardless of equity ownership. Net income is presented on an equity ownership basis.
4. The premium growth rate is the percentage increase in net premiums written (on a local currency basis) from the previous fiscal year.
5. Singapore’s FY2018 premium growth rate has been calculated after taking into account a comparison with MS First capital Limited’s net premiums written in FY2017 following that company’s inclusion in the scope of consolidation in FY2018.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 125
 Data Section
 
 Short Commentary: Group Financial Statements
Commentary 1: Balance Sheet (B/S)
On its consolidated balance sheet, the Group has total assets of ¥23.1 trillion, and the majority liabilities, ¥17.8 trillion, are policy liabilities ―that is, reserves for paying future insurance claims. On the other hand, the largest asset item is investments in securities, which have a total market value of ¥15.4 trillion. Unrealized gains (after tax-effect deduction) in excess of the market value of investments in securities at acquisition costs are recorded in unrealized gains/losses on investments in securities (¥0.9 trillion). This means that policy liabilities, which account for the majority of the Group’s balance sheet liabilities, are invested in securities. In addition, unrealized gains on investments in securities (after tax-effect accounting) accounted for approximately 40% of net assets (¥2.4 trillion) as of the end of FY2019.
  (Main) assets
 (Main) liabilities
   Cash, deposits and savings
Money trusts Investments in securities (of which: stocks)
1,846.2
1,666.4 15,494.5 2,180.4
Policy liabilities
Bonds issued
Other liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Total liabilities
(Main) Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized gains/losses on investments in securities
Total net assets
(¥ billion)
17,809.5 809.0
1,672.2
17.2
20,702.4
1,588.1 982.0 2,494.0
         Loans 892.3
 Tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets
Other assets
488.3
442.6
1,535.4
          Total assets
  23,196.4
  Total liabilities and net assets
  23,196.4
  Commentary 2: Statements of Income (P/L)
1 Main components of the statements of income
 A summary of the Group’s consolidated statements of income (P. 142) is provided below. It consists primarily of underwriting income and expenses and investment income and expenses.
        FY2019
FY2018
Income (+): underwriting income, ¥4,640.5 billion; investment income, ¥511.5 billion; other ordinary income, ¥16.2 billion
Expenses (-): underwriting expenses, ¥3,749.8 billion (of which ¥196.1 billion is provision for underwriting reserves)
Investment expenses, ¥512.9 billion; operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, ¥694.6 billion; other ordinary expenses, ¥53.2 billion Ordinary profit: ¥157.7 billion
Income (+): underwriting income, ¥4,918.6 billion; investment income, ¥561.1 billion; other ordinary income, ¥20.6 billion
Expenses (-): underwriting expenses, ¥4,406.8 billion (of which ¥700.5 billion is provision for underwriting reserves)
Investment expenses, ¥104.8 billion; operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, ¥680.9 billion; other ordinary expenses, ¥17.0 billion Ordinary profit: ¥290.8 billion
                 2 Underwriting profit for domestic non-life insurance companies and catastrophe reserves
Underwriting profit can be dramatically affected by events such as natural catastrophes. Non-life insurance companies are legally required to build up catastrophe reserves to mitigate that impact. When companies have to pay extremely large insurance claims, they can reverse the catastrophe reserves, which mitigates the impact to a certain degree. The following table indicates past underwriting profit, incurred losses related to natural catastrophes and changes in catastrophe reserves (net provision). (See P. 98 of the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” for details on catastrophe reserves and P. 103 for underwriting profit.)
Impact of natural catastrophes on underwriting profit
(¥ billion)
8.4
(172.3)
139.0
–
–
–
–
–
93.0
46.0
33.3
 FY2010
FY2011
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
           Underwriting profit/(loss)
 Impact on underwriting profit -(A+B)
 Incurred losses due to natural catastrophes (A)
 Great East Japan Earthquake
 2011 Thailand floods
 2014 massive snowfalls
 Large-scale natural catastrophes incl. 2017 hurricanes in North America
July heavy rain, Typhoon No. 21, No. 24 in 2018
  Typhoon No.15, No.19 in 2019
 Other natural catastrophes
 Net provision for catastrophe reserves (B)
  (83.7)
(65.9)
65.9
62.7
–
–
–
–
–
3.2
0
(190.0) (3.0)
(172.0) (13.2)
311.5 55.1
(7.7) 1.3
264.3 0.6
– –
– –
– –
– –
54.9 53.2
(139.5) (41.9)
(36.1) 28.7 43.9
(93.3) (58.5) (149.7)
96.3 27.2 68.1
– – –
(23.0) (5.1) –
82.1 2.2 0.3
– – –
– – –
– – –
37.1 30.1 67.7
(3.0) 31.3 81.6
121.3 89.3 62.8
(132.9) (159.0) (160.8)
51.0 114.3 240.7
– – –
– – –
– – –
– 41.3 –
– – 183.7
– – –
51.0 73.0 56.9
81.8 44.6 (79.8)
           * Simple sum of MSI and ADI
Example: The impact of loss of ¥311.5 billion from natural catastrophes for FY2011 was mitigated by the reversal of catastrophe reserves of ¥139.5 billion and resulted in an underwriting loss of ¥190.0 billion.
126 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   Performance Record
  Five-Year Summary (Unaudited) 128 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 129
Premiums Written and Net Claims Paid— Non-Life Insurance (Unaudited)
Policies in Force and New Policies— Domestic Life Insurance (Unaudited)
Investment Assets and Investments in Securities (Unaudited)
136
138
139
Consolidated Balance Sheets 140 Consolidated Statements of Income 142
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
143
144
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 147 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 148 Independent Auditor’s Report 172
Summary of Business Results of Main Consolidated Subsidiaries
174
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 127

 Five-Year Summary (Unaudited)
 Yen in millions
FY2017
¥ 5,217,835 3,440,976 211,548
154,057
311,096 2,968,387 22,472,927
Yen
¥ 260.04
259.98 4,964.64
13.09% 5.45% 12.90
Yen in millions
¥ 822,640 (963,105)
42,329 1,323,506
41,295
US$ in millions
  FY2019
 ¥ 5,168,361
3,573,732
157,701
143,030
(157,288)
2,494,038
23,196,455
  FY2019
 $ 47,416
32,787
1,447
1,312
(1,443)
22,881
212,812
     Ordinary income:
Net premiums written
Ordinary profit/(loss)
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Comprehensive income/(loss) Net assets
Total assets
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share - Basic
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share - Diluted
Net assets per share
Equity ratio
Return on equity Price earnings ratio
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
Number of employees
FY2015
¥ 5,013,038 3,078,732 291,578
181,516 (233,116)
2,725,274 20,303,649
FY2016
¥ 5,335,239 3,407,389 352,612
210,447
114,294 2,734,432 21,234,300
FY2018
¥ 5,500,438 3,497,572 290,847
192,705 (79,701)
2,778,047 23,132,539
¥ 328.72
328.60 4,712.11
11.89% 6.77% 10.25
¥ 776,724 (252,417) (33,337)
1,798,526 41,467
 US$
  ¥ 248.36
248.22
4,308.37
10.57%
5.50%
12.18
  $ 2.28
2.28
39.53
–
–
–
 ¥ 298.72 ¥ 350.94 – 350.90
4,469.58
13.29% 6.36% 10.50
¥ 1,291,017 (1,217,980)
199,075 1,056,407
40,617
4,572.82
12.76% 7.78% 10.09
¥ 1,086,948 (614,899) (100,198)
1,415,903 40,641
US$ in millions
   ¥ 667,896
(330,363)
65,321
2,198,680
41,582
  $ 6,127
(3,031)
599
20,171
–
  Note: U.S. dollar amounts in this report have been translated from yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥109=US$1. For details, see Note 1 of Significant Accounting Policies (p. 148).
128 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 1. OVERVIEW
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) provides information on the nature of the businesses conducted by MS&AD Holdings and its affiliates (173 subsidiaries and 33 associates as of March 31, 2020), and the positioning of the principal affiliates within these businesses.
MS&AD is a specified listed company pursuant to the provisions stipulated in the Japanese Cabinet Order 49-2 and is regulated under this Order with respect to securities transactions and other matters. As a result, investors should make decisions based on the Group’s consolidated financial statements as provided for under the minimal standards criteria
of material facts set forth in restrictions on insider trading.
Description of Businesses
1) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
MS&AD’s domestic non-life insurance business is operated by the following three subsidiaries and others in Japan:
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Company, Limited (“Mitsui Direct General”)
2) Domestic Life Insurance Business
MS&AD’s domestic life insurance business is operated by the following two subsidiaries and others in Japan:
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSA Life”) Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSP Life”)
3) International Business
MS&AD’s international business is operated by international divisions of domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries in Japan, and overseas subsidiaries, and overseas branches of domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries in overseas countries.
4) Financial Services Business / Risk-Related Services Business
a) Financial Services Business
MS&AD’s financial services business, including asset management, financial guarantees, 401k, ART (alternative risk transfer), personal finance, and venture capital finance, is operated by domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries, Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited, MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co.,Ltd, Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP and others.
b) Risk-Related Services Business
MS&AD’s risk-related services business, including risk management
and the nursing care business, is operated by MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc., Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Care Network Company, Limited, and others.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
MS&AD Holdings’ consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (Japan GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires MS&AD Holdings’ management to select and apply accounting policies as well as to make a number of estimates regarding the impact on disclosure of assets and liabilities as well as revenues and expenses. The management bases their estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that they consider reasonable. Nevertheless, these estimates contain inherent uncertainties and thus could differ from actual results.
Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of MS&AD
Holdings’ consolidated financial statements are presented in “SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES” of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”
The management recognizes the following significant accounting policies and estimates could have significant impacts on the consolidated financial statements.
Details of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic are outlined in the “9. Additional information” section of “SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES” of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. While making certain accounting estimates based on a defined set of assumptions, it remains unclear when the spread of the pandemic will dissipate and what impact COVID-19 will have on the global economy. This in turn could have a significant impact of the Group’s operating results and financial position in the next consolidated fiscal year.
1) Method for Determination of Fair Value
Certain assets and liabilities are recorded on the Company’s balance sheet at their fair values. These fair values are determined based on market prices. For certain derivatives for which market prices are not available, reasonable estimates of fair value are made based on the present value of future cash flows, the price of the underlying assets, the contract period, and other factors.
2) Impairment of Securities
Since securities held by the Group companies are subject to the risk of price fluctuations in securities markets, MS&AD applies impairment accounting for securities based on reasonable criteria. If securities markets decline, an impairment loss could be incurred.
3) Impairment of Fixed Assets
When the profitability of fixed assets declines and investments in these assets are unlikely to be recovered, MS&AD recognizes impairment losses to reflect recoverable amounts under certain circumstances.
The recoverable amount for an asset or asset group is the higher of the net sales value (the value computed by deducting expected disposal expenses from the fair value of an asset or asset group) and the value in use (the present value of expected future cash flows resulting from the continual usage and subsequent disposal of an asset or asset group).
Accordingly, the amount of the impairment loss for fixed assets depends on estimated future cash flows based on the assumption and forecasts that MS&AD considers reasonable. Consequently, an additional impairment loss could be incurred in the event of a change in the usage of fixed assets or in the event of changes in real estate or leasing market prices.
4) Deferred Tax Assets
In determining recoverable deferred tax assets, future taxable income is estimated based on the assumptions and forecasts that MS&AD considers reasonable. Since the recoverable amount of deferred tax assets depends on estimates of future taxable income, the amount of deferred tax assets could fluctuate in the event of a subsequent change in estimates of future taxable income.
5) Allowance for Credit Losses
In preparation for losses on bad debts, MS&AD records estimated amounts deemed to be unrecoverable as an allowance for credit losses. Unrecoverable amounts and recorded allowances for credit losses could change from their initial estimates due to changes in the financial condition of debtors.
6) Outstanding Claims
MS&AD estimates and sets aside reserves as outstanding claims for any unpaid amounts of its payment obligations as determined or recognized by
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 129
 
 insurance contracts. Claim payments and recorded outstanding claims could change from their initial estimates due to such factors as the results of legal judgments and exchange rate fluctuations.
7) Underwriting Reserves
To meet future obligations in accordance with insurance contracts, MS&AD sets aside underwriting reserves. It could, therefore, become necessary to increase underwriting reserves in the event of unforeseen losses due to significant changes in the business environment, operating conditions and other factors.
8) Retirement Benefit Expenses and Retirement Benefit Obligations
Retirement benefit expenses and retirement benefit obligations are calculated based on certain assumptions that include discount rates, future retirement rates, and mortality rates. However, future retirement benefit expenses and obligations could change in the event that actual results differ from the assumptions used, or in the event that it becomes necessary to change the assumptions.
3. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS RESULTS
During the fiscal year under review, the global economy remained on a path of gradual recovery due to factors such as the strong U.S. economy. In addition, the Japanese economy also recovered gradually mainly in internal demand due to factors such as the improvement of employment and income conditions. However, the global and Japanese economies both drastically slowed down due to the impact of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) that has been spreading globally since the beginning of this year.
The MS&AD Insurance Group (“the Group”) is aiming to “become a world-leading insurance and financial services group” and “create resilient*1 systems that can swiftly respond to changes in the environment” based on the Medium-Term Management Plan “Vision 2021” that started from FY2018. For achieving these goals, the Group has been making efforts for the three key strategies of “Pursue Group’s comprehensive strengths,” “Promote digitalization,” and “Reform portfolio.”
personnel at call centers and disaster countermeasures offices. Furthermore, we made efforts to pay insurance claims promptly to customers by promoting the ability to make claims using the internet, verify the status of damages using drones (unmanned helicopters), investigate damages using video chat, and utilize various digital technologies such as the automation of claims service work utilizing RPA*3.
Also, we set diversity and inclusion as the basis for our human resource strategy and arranged an environment where diversified human resources can continue to play active roles respecting different values regardless of nationality, gender, age, and experience.
*1 Resilient
Having the power to adapt flexibly and skillfully, reduce impact and recover quickly in against changing circumstances and unexpected events.
*2 Telematics technology
A word made from combining telecommunication and informatics. A telecommunication system made from combining moving bodies such as automobiles that provides information services.
*3 RPA
An acronym for “Robotic Process Automation.” A software-based robot that performs routine computer work in place of a human.
As a result of these efforts, earnings for the current consolidated fiscal year to date are as follows.
Ordinary income was ¥5,168.3 billion, due to underwriting income of ¥4,640.5 billion, investment income of ¥511.5 billion and other ordinary income of ¥16.2 billion. At the same time, ordinary expenses amounted to ¥5,010.6 billion, including ¥3,749.8 billion in underwriting expenses, ¥512.9 billion in investment expenses, ¥694.6 billion in operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, and other ordinary expenses amounting to ¥53.2 billion.
As a result, ordinary profit for the current fiscal year was ¥157.7 billion, reflecting a year-on-year decrease of ¥133.1 billion. After adjustments to ordinary profit mainly for extraordinary income and losses and income taxes, net income attributable to owners of the parent for the current fiscal year was ¥143.0 billion, reflecting a year-on-year decrease of ¥49.6 billion.
 Pursue Group’s comprehensive strengths
Promote digitalization
Reform portfolio
We made efforts to realize higher efficiency and quality by promoting standardization and sharing such as standardizing automobile, fire, accident and casualty insurance products and administration, and reviewing the status of reinsurance on a Group basis to strengthen competitiveness by utilizing group synergies.
For the purpose of enhancing the value of customers’ actual experiences and improving the business productivity of the Group, we promoted initiatives that link with the overall reform of business that utilizes digital technologies. In addition to developing and introducing “MS1 Brain,” a new system that supports the provision of optimal products and services through agents at MSI, we also provided claims services that utilize telematics technology*2 at ADI. Furthermore, we made investments in startups through a corporate venture capital (CVC) established in Silicon Valley, the US.
We made efforts to reform our business portfolio with diversified geography and businesses by focusing on strengthening and expanding the overseas business and domestic life insurance business in addition to expanding sales of casualty insurance in the domestic non-life insurance business, and also reformed our risk portfolio by reducing strategic equity holdings and strengthening risk management for natural catastrophe risks on a Group basis.
[Key Consolidated Financial Indicators] FY2018
Change
¥ 76,159
(343,143)
(133,146)
(49,675)
(Yen in millions)
Change (%)
2.2
(26.7)
(45.8)
(25.8)
   FY2019
 ¥3,573,732
 943,721
 157,701
 143,030
    Net premiums written
Life insurance premiums
Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
¥3,497,572
1,286,864
290,847
192,705
        In the fiscal year under review, multiple natural disasters, such as typhoons, occurred, flexible responses were implemented in not only the claims services division, but other divisions as well, such as deploying more
Net premiums written increased by ¥76.1 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥3,573.7 billion. Despite a downturn in revenue in the international business owing mainly to the impact of foreign exchange rates, most notably a strong yen and weak pound, this increase largely reflected growth in automobile and fire insurance in the domestic non-life insurance business.
Life insurance premiums decreased by ¥343.1 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥943.7 billion owing to a decline in revenue at Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Ordinary profit fell by ¥133.1 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥157.7 billion. During the fiscal year under review, MS&AD Insurance Group posted a decrease in gains of sales of securities and an increase in impairment losses on securities. Other movements included provisions to underwriting reserves, most notably catastrophe reserves in preparation for future claims payments in the domestic non-life insurance business. Large insurance claims were also paid during the fiscal year under review due to
130 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
natural disasters such as Typhoon No. 19. Compared with the previous fiscal year, which experienced a succession of natural disasters including Typhoon No. 21, however, the Company incurred losses linked to natural catastrophes in Japan (the total of net claims paid and provision of outstanding claims) declined.
After adjustments to ordinary profit mainly for extraordinary income and losses as well as income, inhabitants’ and other taxes, net income attributable to owners of the parent declined by ¥49.6 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥143.0 billion. In specific terms, an impairment loss for assets such as goodwill and other intangible fixed assets of ¥171.9 billion was recognized as an extraordinary loss in connection with the Lloyd’s and Europe primary insurance businesses previously treated as one asset group for impairment tests under the umbrella of MS Amlin plc as a part of the reorganization of the international business of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI). In the fiscal year under review, MS&AD Insurance Group also posted a reversal of reserve for price fluctuation as extraordinary income while reporting a decrease in income taxes. Note: MS Amlin plc changed its trade name to MS Amlin Limited on December 3, 2019.
Taking into account the impact of COVID-19 on its operations, MS&AD Insurance Group recognized an increase in impairment losses on securities due to the decline in domestic and overseas stock markets as of the end of the fiscal year as a result of the pandemic and a one-time amortization of goodwill (loss on equity method investments) owing to a drop in the stock price of a listed affiliated company in the fiscal year under review.
Direct Premiums Written (including Deposit Premiums from Policyholders)
Net Claims Paid
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
Other
¥
FY2018
Share Change Amount (%) (%)
526,294 24.7 39.1 83,445 3.9 1.4 110,904 5.2 4.4 872,529 40.9 3.6
247,757 11.6 (2.1) 291,224 13.7 6.4
(Yen in millions)
(22.9) (2.0)
(5.9) 7.1 (4.9)
      2.9
0.9
 Amount
185,068
311,984
1,570,344
347,736
677,583
75,553
609,575
FY2019
Share (%)
8.2
41.0
9.1
17.7
17.1
2.6
Total ¥2,132,155 100.0 10.2
¥ 405,830
81,804
114,146
880,237
233,215
311,978
¥2,027,212
FY2019
 Amount
Share (%)
20.0
4.1
5.6
43.4
11.5
15.4
Change (%)
 100.0
     FY2018
Share Change Amount (%) (%)
Fire and Allied
Marine 184,578 4.9 9.5
(Yen in millions)
(3.0)
(0.6) 1.7
Note: The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
Recognition, analysis, and reviewed contents for financial performance and operating results by segment are as follows.
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
MSI focused on expanding sales of the "GK" series, while ADI focused on sales of the "TOUGH" series. In addition, MSI and ADI jointly promoted the development of products and services that respond to changes in the customer environment, such as actively selling automobile insurance "Mimamoru Car Insurance (Dashcam Type)" that supports safe driving using the latest telematics technology and dashcams (drive recorders), and also starting the provision of road services utilizing social networking services (SNS) and premium smartphone payment services that support the progress of a cashless society. Furthermore, they used digital technology to promote digitalization by responding to new mobility businesses such as CASE*1 and MaaS*2.
*1 CASE
It was coined from the initials "Connected" "Autonomous" "Shared &
Services" and "Electric"
*2 MaaS
An abbreviation of "Mobility as a Service". A service that provides each user with the best means of transportation. The idea is to provide transportation as a total service through all means of transportation from private cars to trains, buses, taxis and bicycles.
1) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (MSI)
Net premiums written climbed by ¥38.3 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,547.9 billion, because of such factors as an increase in automobile insurance revenue.
Meanwhile, net claims paid were down by ¥22.3 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥888.6 billion, primarily because of a decrease in the payment of fire insurance claims. Based on the aforementioned, the net loss ratio was 63.3%, which was 3.0 percentage points lower than in the previous fiscal year. In addition, the net expense ratio came in at 32.0%, which was 0.4 of a percentage point higher than in the previous fiscal year owing mainly to the increase in commissions and collection expenses.
After taking into account movements in other items, including deposit premiums from policyholders, maturity refunds to policyholders, reversal of outstanding claims, and provision for underwriting reserves, underwriting profit fell by ¥39.9 billion, to ¥7.3 billion, due to the increase in provision for underwriting reserves.
Interest and dividends income declined by ¥11.9 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥101.9 billion, and gains on sales of securities contracted by ¥63.2 billion year on year, to ¥58.2 billion. Taking into account these and other factors, total investment income after deducting investment gains appropriated to such items as maturity refunds to policyholders of savings-. type insurance fell by ¥ 71.1 billion, to ¥135.7 billion. Meanwhile, total investment expenses climbed by ¥20.4 billion over the previous fiscal year, to
  Lines of Insurance
Change (%)
  Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
321,651 8.6 0.3 1,550,037 41.2 0.3
¥ 677,543 18.0 8.1
¥ 734,573
19.2
4.8
8.4
0.3
1.3
0.4
346,258 9.2 0.8 Other 681,779 18.1 6.0
  Total ¥3,761,848 100.0 3.1 Deposit premiums
from policyholders 80,235 2.1 (7.1) (5.8)
Notes:
1. The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between
segments.
2. Direct premiums written (including deposit premiums from policyholders) are the premiums
from policyholders minus the surrender benefits and other refunds to policyholders. (Includes deposit premiums from policyholders for savings-type insurance.)
¥3,827,289
100.0
2.0
  Net Premiums Written
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied ¥
Marine 152,333
FY2018
Share Change (%) (%)
16.0 0.9 4.3 7.0 7.5 8.7
45.6 0.4
9.6 (4.0) 17.0 5.0 100.0 1.6
(Yen in millions)
(3.0) (5.5)
    Amount
 Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
261,273 1,593,578
337,844 Other 594,114
558,427
147,814
246,806
1,632,423
347,214
Share (%)
 ¥ 589,897
16.5
4.1
6.9
45.7
9.7
5.6
2.4
2.8
  Total ¥3,497,572
¥3,573,732
100.0
2.2
  Note: The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
Amount
FY2019
 Change (%)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 131
 
 ¥33.0 billion, owing mainly to the upswing in impairment losses on securities. As a result, ordinary profit decreased by ¥137.3 billion over the previous
fiscal year, to ¥89.1 billion. In the fiscal year under review, MSI recorded losses on valuation of shares of subsidiaries and associates as an extraordinary loss in line with the reorganization of its overseas business. Despite the decrease in income taxes associated with the impairment loss and reversal of reserve for price fluctuation posted as extraordinary income, net income declined ¥77.0 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥94.0 billion.
2) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (ADI)
Net premiums written climbed by ¥43.1 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,276.7 billion, primarily because of the increase in automobile and fire insurance revenue.
Meanwhile, net claims paid were down by ¥45.9 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥724.6 billion, owing mainly to the drop in payments of fire insurance claims attributable to natural disasters. Based on the aforementioned, the net loss ratio was 62.0%, which was 5.8 percentage points lower than in the previous fiscal year. In addition, as a result of increases in commissions and collection expenses as well as operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting, the net expense ratio was 34.5%, 0.7 of a percentage point higher than in the previous fiscal year.
After taking into account other items, including deposit premiums from policyholders, maturity refunds to policyholders, reversal of outstanding claims, and provision for underwriting reserves, underwriting profit fell by ¥14.4 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1.1 billion, primarily due to an increase in provision for catastrophe reserves.
Accounting for such factors as the increase in interest and dividends income by ¥3.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥59.3 billion, and the upswing in gains on sales of securities by ¥12.7 billion, to ¥35.1 billion, total investment income after deducting investment gains appropriated to such items as maturity refunds to policyholders of savings-type insurance grew by ¥19.0 billion, to ¥81.3 billion. Meanwhile, total investment expenses rose by ¥6.8 billion, to ¥20.7 billion, owing mainly to the increase in impairment losses on securities by ¥8.9 billion over the previous fiscal year.
As a result, ordinary profit decreased by ¥2.7 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥58.6 billion. Despite reporting an increase in extraordinary losses following the provision to reserve for price fluctuation, this was more than offset by a decrease in income taxes. Based on the aforementioned, net income increased by ¥7.4 billion, to ¥44.7 billion.
3) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (Mitsui Direct General)
In order to strengthen its brand power, Mitsui Direct General launched advertisements using various media, including the airing of new commercials, and worked to expand ICT-based services by updating smartphone applications for customers.
Net premiums written decreased by ¥0.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥36.3 billion.
Meanwhile, net claims paid declined by ¥0.6 billion, to ¥24.4 billion. The net loss ratio was 74.9%, which was 1.3 percentage points lower than in the previous fiscal year.
In addition, commissions and collection expenses as well as underwriting- related operating expenses and general and administrative expenses rose by ¥1.0 billion, to ¥10.2 billion. The net expense ratio came to 28.3%, which was 3.0 percentage points higher than in the previous fiscal year.
Underwriting profit fell by ¥0.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥0.1 billion, mainly because of the increase in underwriting-related operating expenses and general and administrative expenses.
As a result, net income after taking ownership interests into account (net income by segments) came in at ¥0.1 billion, which was around the same level as the previous fiscal year.
4) Domestic Life Insurance Business (MSI Aioi Life)
MSI Aioi Life engaged in the provision of products and services that contribute to solving social problems and launched “&LIFE New Comprehensive Income Guarantee Wide" and "&LIFE Life Support Hoken" which respond to the "risk of losing one's job" and expand the coverage of benefits for those who become unable to work or in need of nursing care due to illness or injury. We also supported corporate health management by introducing "Health management insurance premium rate" as a discount rate for corporations with excellent health management.
Insurance premium and others rose by ¥15.7 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥535.8 billion owing mainly to the upswing in individual insurance premiums.
Ordinary profit declined by ¥0.8 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥18.6 billion, primarily because of the increase in insurance claims and others. Net income fell by ¥0.4 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥7.5 billion.
5) Domestic Life Insurance Business (MSI Primary Life)
MSI Primary Life continued to focus on the expansion of sales of special whole-life insurance "Yasashisa, Tsunagu", which can be used for living gifts, and tontine pension insurance*1 "Ashita No, Yorokobi", which provides for the risk of longevity. In addition, MSI Primary Life provided products and services that contribute to the realization of a "sustainable society"*2 by, for example, commencing the handling of "Social Contribution Clause" for the first time in the industry. It also expanded the product lineup by launching the "Ashita Mo Jujitsu," an equal-payment foreign currency-denominated tontine annuity insurance.
*1 Tontine Annuity Insurance
Annuity insurance, in which the longer a person lives, the more pension he or she can receive in his or her lifetime due to the “Mechanism to reduce compensation for those who die and to transfer the compensation to the living person’s pension.”
*2 Sustainable society
A vital society where people across multiple generations can live in a safe and secure manner, while solving issues related to the global environment, society, and human beings.
Insurance premium and others decreased by ¥178.8 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥950.9 billion. This was mainly attributable to the drop in insurance premiums for foreign currency-fixed annuities and variable annuity premiums.
Ordinary profit fell by ¥4.1 billion, to ¥31.4 billion, primarily due to the upswing in provision for fixed whole life insurance underwriting reserve liability associated with a drop in interest rates.
Net income decreased by ¥2.9 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥20.3 billion.
6) International Business (Overseas Insurance Subsidiaries)
In our Group, we developed a variety of products and sales strategies that take advantage of the strengths of each region and line of business, and, as the Group’s driver, continued to work on business investments that contribute to sustainable growth and strengthening governance. At MSI, the regional holding company structure* was abolished, and its overseas subsidiaries became, in principle, direct subsidiaries of MSI, while the functions and authority of the regional holding companies related to strategy formulation were consolidated at the head office. In addition, MSI strengthened its business foundation in the rapidly growing Asian region by raising the stake in PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk, a life insurance company in Indonesia, and newly investing in KBZ MS General Insurance Company Limited, a non-life insurance company in Myanmar.
In the U.S., ADI jointly with Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company developed and launched a driving behavior reflecting type telematics car insurance "BrightDrive".
*Regional holding company structure
A structure in which a certain level of authority is delegated to regional holding companies established in Asia, Europe, and the Americas, and businesses
132 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
are developed in accordance with the characteristics of each regional market. Net premiums written declined by ¥2.7 billion over the previous fiscal
year, to ¥711.9 billion owing to the impact of foreign exchange rates. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates, revenue in fact increased in such regions as Europe including MS Amlin (MS Amlin plc (current MS Amlin Limited) and its subsidiaries).
Ordinary profit in this segment increased rapidly by ¥28.1 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥50.7 billion. This was mainly due to improvements in the underwriting balance and an increase investment profit and loss at MS Amlin. After taking ownership interests into account, net income (by segment) for the fiscal year under review grew by ¥16.7 billion, to ¥36.1 billion.
4. CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
With regard to cash flows in the fiscal year under review, net cash flows provided by operating activities decreased by ¥108.8 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥667.8 billion, due in part to a reduction in life insurance premiums. Net cash flows from investing activities decreased by ¥77.9 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥(330.3) billion, due in part to a decrease in income from sales under repurchase agreements, despite a decrease in expenditure due to an increase in money trusts. In addition, net cash flows provided by financial activities increased by ¥98.6 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥65.3 billion, due in part to the increase in income from cash collateral under securities lending transactions and income from the issuance of corporate bonds. As a result, cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year have increased by ¥400.1 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥2,198.6 billion.
5. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND ISSUES TO BE ADDRESSED FROM THE BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL PERSPECTIVES
In regard to the future of the global economy, including Japan, there are fears surrounding the global spread of COVID-19 and further downturn owing to limits on people’s movement and disruption to logistics networks caused by the impact of the disease. Taking into consideration these concerns, it is hoped that effective economic countermeasures will be implemented by national governments.
In the insurance industry, companies need to maintain their functions as a part of the social infrastructure, including contractual procedures and the payment of claims under the spread of COVID-19, while also focusing on areas such as the development and provision of products and services that contribute to the prevention and reduction of natural disasters, which are becoming increasingly frequent and large in scale, further enhancing risk management, and contributing to the realization of a sustainable society.
In facing this kind of national emergency, the Group invoked its business continuity plan (BCP), and is working as one to continue operations in order to ensure that the payment of insurance to customers is not delayed, with the highest priority placed on suppressing the spread of the pandemic both within and outside Group companies and ensuring the safety of customers and employees.
Carrying on from Stage 1, we are pushing forward three key strategies under Stage 2 (FY2020-FY2021) of the Medium-Term Management Plan “Vision 21,” which starts in fiscal 2020. In specific terms, we are working to “pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths, “promote digitalization,” and “reform the portfolio.”
With the aim of achieving sustainable growth and enhancing corporate value, we are endeavoring to evolve the initiatives implemented in Stage 1. We will employ the Group’s resources to the maximum extent possible to realize “business of a substantial scale and quality, in a bid to be recognized as a world-leading insurance and financial services group.” At the same time, we will “build systems ahead of changes in social structures that can respond in a timely manner.”
In the domestic non-life insurance business, we will maintain and expand our dominance as a core business and one of the Group’s strengths. We will also generate further synergies while pursuing quality and productivity
improvements by demonstrating our collective power. Moreover, steps will be taken to reform the portfolio by expanding casualty and other insurance. Energies will also be directed toward maintaining and improving our market share and profitability in automobile insurance as well as fire insurance profitability.
In the domestic life insurance business, we will develop and provide products and services that meet customer needs through an accurate understanding of people’s prolonged and healthy life expectancies and other trends including changes in the social structure. In addition to further strengthening marketing capabilities through our sales bases as the largest non-life insurance group in Japan as well as our OTC channel, which holds the leading position in the industry, we will bolster customer-first business operations and offering management systems while improving quality and customer satisfaction.
With an eye to activities outside Japan, we will continue to position the international business as the Group’s growth driver. We will actively invest in management resources (capital, human, and other assets), strengthen existing businesses and carry out business investment (M&A and additional investment in existing businesses), an diversify the business portfolio along geographical and business lines.
Furthermore, in order to contribute to solving social issues and realizing a “resilient and sustainable society” by 2030, we will continue focusing on creating shared value (CSV) with society, using the sustainable development goals (SDGs) as our guide.
6. RISK ANALYSIS
The MS&AD Insurance Group specifies material risks that have the potential to significantly affect its financial position, operating results, and cash flows as follows.
(1) Group material risks
The Group identifies risks to be controlled by management, formulates a management action plan and regularly monitors the status with respect to individual risk.
a. Occurrence of a large-scale natural catastrophe in Japan or overseas
The monetary damage attributable to such natural disasters as typhoons and earthquakes can be massive. In addition, a variety of factors including climate change may lead to an upswing in the frequency and size of natural disasters on a global scale. These circumstances could in turn result in damages of a greater magnitude than anticipated. On top of a deterioration in its working capital owing to such factors as an increase in natural disaster insurance payments, the Group could be forced to procure funds under terms and conditions that are significantly less favorable than usual. While the Group prepares for insurance payments to cover damages caused by natural disasters through the use of reinsurance and provisions for catastrophe reserves, its operating results could be affected should insurance claims reach massive amounts.
b. Sharp fluctuations in financial markets in Japan or overseas
The Group holds various assets under management (including off-balance sheet assets) such as securities, loans, and real estate. Changes in the value of assets and liabilities due to a deterioration in the economic environment and financial markets may affect the Group’s operating result. The main risks in this instance are as follows.
(a) Risk of a downturn in stock prices
MS&AD Insurance Group holds a considerable volume of shares in order, for example, to maintain medium- to long-term relationships with business partners. In the event of a stock market decline, the Company may incur a downturn in the value of assets, and a loss on devaluation or sales.
(b) Risk of interest rate variability
The value of such assets as bonds and loans held, savings-type insurance and long-term third sector insurance products as well as insurance liabilities
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 133
 
 to be paid in the future to life and other insurance policyholders may change due to variations in interest rates.
(c) Risk of foreign currency exchange rate variability
The Company holds assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars and other foreign currencies. The value of these assets and liabilities may change due to variations in foreign currency exchange rates.
c. Substantial increase in credit risk
The value of assets held including shares, bonds, and loans, as well as credit, guarantee, and other insurance contracts sold may decline in value or the principal and interest become uncollectible should the issuers of stocks and bonds, or such parties as lenders experience a downturn in their creditworthiness, or file for bankruptcy, and in the event of a disruption in credit markets. While utilizing reinsurance in a bid to diversify the insurance liability assumed through insurance contracts and to stabilize earnings, the Group may not be able to collect on reinsurance proceeds should, for example, reinsurance companies file for bankruptcy. Based on the aforementioned, there is a risk that the Group’s operating results may be affected by these factors.
d. Occurrence of behavior that is detrimental to the corporate value of the Group, loss of social credibility
Actions that lead to a loss of social credibility encompass violations of the law and regulations related to the Group’s business, major labor-related issues (long working hours, harassment, etc.), inadequate data governance (the large-scale leakage and frequent misuse of personal and confidential information, etc.), and the lack of or inadequate customer-oriented approach (conduct risk).
There is a risk that the Group’s operating results could be affected should it engage in such behavior.
e. Occurrence of cyberattacks that cause large-scale and serious impediments to operations, information leaks, and the payment of insurance
The Group is exposed to system risks that could lead to the shutdown, malfunction or improper use of its information systems or the leakage of information owing to unauthorized access or inadequate information systems as a result of a cyberattack. Although the Group is working to put in place a system risk management system, there remains the risk of a major information system shutdown, malfunction or misuse, as well as the leakage of information. In addition, the underwriting of insurance policies that cover cyber risk may result in the payment of insurance claims. Taking these factors into consideration, there is a risk that the Group’s operating results may be affected.
f. Frequent occurrence of IT system failures, the occurrence of critical IT system failures and large-scale IT system development plan-related progress delays, shortfalls, budget overruns, and expected effects being unrealized
In the development of large-scale systems aimed at further improving business profitability, there is a risk that such factors as unforeseen accidents may cause progress delays in development work or development budget overruns. Although the Group is working to put in place a system risk management system, there remains the risk that the Group’s operating results may be affected should certain incidents arise including progress delays in the development of large-scale systems or development budget overruns.
g. Pandemic of such diseases as a new strain of influenza (including the
novel coronavirus)
There is a risk that the Group’s operating results may be affected by the following events:
(a) While the Group has a system in place to prepare for such unforeseen accidents and situations as a pandemic of a new strain of influenza or other infectious disease that encompasses the formulation of a business continuity
plan (BCP) and the development of a crisis management system to ensure that any disruption in its business is limited to a minimum period and that the Group can its operations, there is a risk that the Group’s business continuity could be impeded or impacted beyond expectations despite these crisis management measures.
(b) A slowdown in the economy due to a pandemic of a new strain of influenza or other infectious disease, or heightened anxiety regarding the same, could trigger significant volatility in domestic and international financial markets (see b. above) and a substantial increase in credit risk (see c. above).
(c) Premiums may decline due to a variety of factors including cutbacks in customer proposal activities for the purpose of proposing new policies and a decrease in business activity and the distribution volume of companies. In addition, the underwriting of insurance policies that cover risks related to infectious diseases such as new strains of influenza could result in the payment of insurance claims.
(2) Group emerging risks
Group emerging risks are defined as events that could affect the Group’s business from a medium- to longer-term perspective and events that management should be aware of but are difficult to measure in terms of scale and timing. We regularly monitor Group emerging risks, certain examples of which are presented as follows.
a. Declining birthrate and aging population, advances in medical technology b. Resource depletion
c. Climate change and environmental disaster
d. Trends in new technologies and mechanisms (including the spread of IoT, sharing economy) that significantly alter the economy and consumer behavior, major changes in business models owing to such factors as the rise of digital platforms
e. Newly established/revised domestic and overseas laws and systems
f. Major changes to domestic labor supply-demand
g. National governance/political turmoil, dysfunction, collapse, interstate conflict (including economic disputes), and Japanese security crisis
7. SOLVENCY MARGIN RATIO
Insurance companies build reserves to cover payments of insurance claims. Moreover, they must secure adequate ability to cover payments even in the event of a crisis beyond the scale of what is ordinarily forecast, such as a major disaster or a significant decline in asset prices. An insurance company’s payment capability, including capital and reserves, is known
as the solvency margin total amount, “(A)” in the tables below, and its risk amount, “(B)” in the tables below, reflects such a risk exceeding ordinary forecasts. The ratio of (A) to (B) is an index called the solvency margin ratio, “(C)” in the tables below, which is calculated based on the Insurance Business Act.
The solvency margin ratio is an objective decision-making index used by government agencies for monitoring insurance companies and insurance holding companies. A solvency margin ratio of 200% or higher is taken to indicate that an insurance company has sufficient capability to pay insurance claims and other obligations.
The status of MS&AD and its domestic insurance subsidiaries as of the end of the fiscal year under review is as follows.
134 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
MS&AD
Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2018
¥4,992,937
1,236,911
807.3%
b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
¥1,184,723
330,268
717.4%
  FY2019
 ¥1,154,579
 317,927
 726.3%
  FY2018
  FY2019
 ¥4,727,430
 1,210,003
 781.3%
          Note: The consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Article 210–11, 3 and Article 210–11, 4 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and in the Financial Services Agency (FSA) Public Ministerial Announcement No. 23 of 2011.
The solvency margin ratio was 781.3%, down 26.0 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end. This was mainly due to a drop in the solvency margin total amount of ¥265.5 billion as a result of the decline in the net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) associated with the fall in the market value of shares held.
Note: See the note for MSI “b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio increased by 8.9 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 726.3%, largely due to the issuance of domestic unsecured subordinated bonds.
  FY2019
 ¥15,305
 5,809
 526.9%
  MSI
a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2018
¥3,321,706
918,540
723.2%
Mitsui Direct General
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2018
¥15,222
6,117
497.6%
     FY2019
 ¥3,076,392
 877,260
 701.3%
       Note: The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Article 50 of the Notification of the Ministry of Finance 1996.
The solvency margin ratio was 701.3%, down 21.9 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end. This was mainly due to a drop in the solvency margin total amount of ¥245.3 billion as a result of the decline in the net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) associated with the fall in the fair value of shares held.
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio improved by 29.3 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 526.9%. Factors included a year-on-year decrease in the total amount of risks of ¥0.3 billion, which resulted mainly from a decrease in the equivalent amount of general insurance risk.
  FY2019
 ¥492,307
 63,551
 1,549.3%
    b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
MSA Life
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2018
¥505,779
60,145
1,681.8%
 (Yen in millions)
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 132.5 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 1,549.3%. Factors included a year-on-year increase in the total amount of risks of ¥3.4 billion, which resulted mainly from an increase in the equivalent amount of third sector insurance risk.
   FY2019
 ¥2,716,180
 737,738
 736.3%
  FY2018
¥2,743,601
769,193
713.3%
    Note: The consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Article 86-2 and Article 88 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and FSA Public Ministerial Announcement No. 23 of 2011.
While consolidated net income had the effect of increasing shareholders’ equity, the solvency margin total amount decreased by ¥27.4 billion over the previous fiscal year-end owing to the decline in the net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) associated with the fall in the fair value of shares held. However, the solvency margin ratio increased by 23.0 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 736.3%, largely reflecting the year-on-year drop in the total amount of risks of ¥31.4 billion on the back of a decrease in the equivalent amount of asset management risk.
MSP Life
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2018
¥616,094
149,278
825.4%
  FY2019
 ¥546,005
 146,376
 746.0%
      ADI
a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2018
¥1,168,396
339,508
688.2%
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 79.4 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 746.0%. Factors included a year-on-year decrease the solvency margin total amount of ¥70.0 billion, which resulted mainly from a decrease in the excess of continued Zillmerized reserve on the back of a downturn in interest rates.
  FY2019
 ¥1,148,081
 326,916
 702.3%
      Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio increased by 14.1 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 702.3%, largely due to the issuance of domestic unsecured subordinated bonds.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 135
 
 Premiums Written and Net Claims Paid—Non-Life Insurance (Unaudited) (a) Direct Premiums Written (including deposit premiums from policyholders)
    (Yen in millions)
      Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
Deposit premiums from policyholders
(b) Net Premiums Written
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
(c) Net Claims Paid
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
Amount
¥ 657,398 132,284 319,937 1,475,596 356,465 527,502
¥3,469,185 ¥ 116,225
Amount
¥ 471,476 106,108 218,487 1,495,339 357,639 429,680
¥3,078,732
FY2015
Change Share (%) (%)
Amount
¥ 602,521 168,715 321,055 1,524,096 366,523 632,874
¥3,615,785 ¥ 98,546
Amount
¥ 540,715 145,697 237,918 1,559,958 356,088 567,010
¥3,407,389
FY2016
Change Share (%) (%)
(8.3) 16.7
Amount
¥ 627,029 168,602 320,764 1,546,108 343,370 643,233
¥3,649,108 ¥ 86,371
FY2017
Change Share (%) (%)
4.1 17.2 (0.1) 4.6 (0.1) 8.8
1.4 42.4 (6.3) 9.4 1.6 17.6
0.9 100.0 (12.4) 2.4
   5.2
1.0 (6.2) 3.8 0.3
10.8
3.6 (16.3)
FY2015
Change (%)
10.7 2.6
(5.4) 4.0 2.7 9.5
4.8
FY2015
Change (%)
(9.3) 3.4 (4.2) (1.3) 0.4 7.2
(1.4)
19.0 3.8 9.2 42.5 10.3 15.2
100.0 3.4
Share (%)
15.3 3.4 7.1 48.6 11.6 14.0
100.0
Share (%)
14.5 3.0 6.7 47.7 15.9 12.2
100.0
27.5 0.3 3.3 2.8 20.0
4.7
8.9 42.1 10.1 17.5
   4.2
(15.2) 2.7
FY2016
Change Share (%) (%)
14.7 15.9 37.3 4.3 8.9 7.0 4.3 45.8 (0.4) 10.4 32.0 16.6
10.7 100.0
FY2016
Change Share (%) (%)
26.6 16.3 102.0 5.3 (1.3) 5.9
2.8 43.6 (0.2) 14.1 36.6 14.8
12.6 100.0
100.0
        (Yen in millions)
      Amount
¥ 553,183 142,339 240,450 1,587,008 352,063 565,931
¥3,440,976
FY2017
Change Share (%) (%)
2.3 16.1 (2.3) 4.1 1.1 7.0 1.7 46.1 (1.1) 10.2 (0.2) 16.5
1.0 100.0
              (Yen in millions)
         ¥
Amount
235,176 48,009 109,376 776,606 259,078 199,092
¥
Amount
297,850 96,981 107,937 798,736 258,465 271,905
¥
Amount
378,241 82,302 106,233 841,807 252,990 273,589
FY2017
Change Share (%) (%)
27.0 19.5 (15.1) 4.3 (1.6) 5.5 5.4 43.5 (2.1) 13.1 0.6 14.1
5.6 100.0
   ¥1,627,340
¥1,831,876
¥1,935,165
     136
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
DIRECT PREMIUMS WRITTEN (FY2019)
    (US$ in millions)
   FY2019
 Amount
 Change (%)
 Share (%)
 ¥ 734,573
 8.4
 19.2
185,068
0.3
4.8
311,984
(3.0)
8.2
1,570,344
1.3
41.0
347,736
0.4
9.1
677,583
(0.6)
17.7
 ¥3,827,289
 1.7
 100.0
¥ 75,553
 (5.8)
 2.0
  FY2019
 Amount
 $ 6,739
1,698
2,862
14,407
3,190
6,216
 $35,113
$ 693
    Amount
¥ 677,543 184,578 321,651 1,550,037 346,258 681,779
¥3,761,848 ¥ 80,235
Amount
¥ 558,427 152,333 261,273 1,593,578 337,844 594,114
¥3,497,572
Amount
¥ 526,294 83,445 110,904 872,529 247,757 291,224
¥2,132,155
FY2018
Change Share (%) (%)
8.1 18.0 9.5 4.9 0.3 8.6 0.3 41.2 0.8 9.2 6.0 18.1
3.1 100.0 (7.1) 2.1
FY2018
Change Share (%) (%)
0.9 16.0 7.0 4.3 8.7 7.5 0.4 45.6
(4.0) 9.6 5.0 17.0
1.6 100.0
FY2018
Change Share (%) (%)
39.1 24.7 1.4 3.9 4.4 5.2 3.6 40.9
(2.1) 11.6 6.4 13.7
10.2 100.0
Total ¥3,827.2 Billion
Other, 17.7%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 9.1%
Fire and Allied, 19.2%
   Voluntary Automobile, 41.0%
Marine, 4.8%
Personal Accident, 8.2%
      (US$ in millions)
NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN (FY2019)
Total ¥3,573.7 Billion
Other, 17.1%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 9.7%
  FY2019
 Amount
 Change (%)
 Share (%)
 ¥ 589,897
 5.6
 16.5
147,814
(3.0)
4.1
246,806
(5.5)
6.9
1,632,423
2.4
45.7
347,214
2.8
9.7
609,575
 2.6
 17.1
 ¥3,573,732
 2.2
 100.0
  FY2019
 Amount
 $ 5,412
1,356
2,264
14,976
3,185
5,592
 $32,787
      Voluntary Automobile, 45.7%
Fire and Allied, 16.5%
Marine, 4.1%
Personal Accident, 6.9%
Fire and Allied, 20.0%
Marine, 4.1%
Personal Accident, 5.6%
  NET CLAIMS PAID (FY2019)
   (US$ in millions)
  FY2019
 Amount
 Change (%)
 Share (%)
 ¥ 405,830
 (22.9)
 20.0
81,804
(2.0)
4.1
114,146
2.9
5.6
880,237
0.9
43.4
233,215
(5.9)
11.5
311,978
 7.1
 15.4
 ¥2,027,212
 (4.9)
 100.0
  FY2019
 Amount
 $ 3,723
750
1,047
8,076
2,140
2,862
 $18,598
  Total ¥2,027.2 Billion
Other, 15.4%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 11.5%
    Voluntary Automobile, 43.4%
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 137
 
 Policies in Force and New Policies—Domestic Life Insurance (Unaudited) (a) Policies in Force
       (Yen in millions) FY2017
(US$ in millions)
     FY2019
 Amount
Change (%)
 ¥28,056,161
(0.2)
2,915,890
(5.8)
8,888,416
3.9
294
 (3.4)
 FY2019
 Amount
 $257,396
26,751
81,545
3
          Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
FY2015 FY2016
Change
Amount (%) Amount
¥24,277,843 7.1 ¥25,813,254 3,208,994 (11.8) 3,081,777 6,518,709 23.0 7,074,353
351 (4.7) 325
Change (%)
6.3 (4.0) 8.5 (7.4)
Amount ¥26,882,564 2,986,168 7,859,834 302
Change (%)
4.1 (3.1)
11.1 (7.1)
FY2018
Change Amount (%)
¥28,117,507 4.6 3,094,163 3.6 8,554,605 8.8
305 1.0
    Notes:1. The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves in the case of individual variable annuities) for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
2. The amounts of group annuities represent the underwriting reserves.
(b) New Policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
(Yen in millions) FY2017
Amount ¥3,438,585 216,635 144,570 –
(US$ in millions)
           FY2019
 Amount
 ¥2,773,532
177,730
96,406
–
  FY2019
 Amount
 $25,445
1,631
884
–
  FY2015 Amount
¥3,495,356 190,634 1,005,973 –
FY2016 Amount
¥3,249,483 159,925 61,074 –
FY2018 Amount
¥3,847,186 385,662 92,813 –
            Note: The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves at the time of enrollment in the case of individual variable annuities).
138 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Investment Assets and Investments in Securities (Unaudited)
 (a) Investment Assets
Deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities
Loans
Land and buildings
Total investment assets
Total assets
(b) Investments in Securities
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Stock
Foreign securities Other securities
Total
FY2018 (Yen in millions)
Amount Share
¥ 1,471,135 6.4% 472,377 2.1 97,241 0.4 1,544,406 6.7 16,061,871 69.4 903,006 3.9 420,618 1.8
¥20,970,656 90.7%
¥23,132,539 100.0%
FY2019
(Yen in millions)
FY2019
(US$ in millions)
      Amount
 Share
¥1,837,978
7.9
%
407,722
1.8
160,091
0.7
1,666,494
7.2
15,494,580
66.8
892,335
3.8
416,301
 1.8
¥20,875,505
 90.0
%
¥23,196,455
 100.0
%
 Amount
 $ 16,862
3,741
1,469
15,289
142,152
8,187
3,819
 $191,518
 $212,812
      Note: "Other securities" consists mainly of investment trusts managed in separate accounts.
FY2018 (Yen in millions)
Amount
FY2019
(Yen in millions)
FY2019
(US$ in millions)
     Amount
 Share
¥ 3,922,433
25.3
%
312,237
2.0
1,599,490
10.3
2,180,458
14.1
5,268,252
34.0
2,211,707
 14.3
¥15,494,580
 100.0
%
 Amount
 $ 35,986
2,865
14,674
20,004
48,333
20,291
 $142,152
 ¥ 3,807,212 23.7% 314,035 2.0 1,643,168 10.2 2,594,315 16.2 5,208,217 32.4 2,494,921 15.5
¥16,061,871
100.0%
Share
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 139
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020
Assets
Cash, deposits and savings Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Securities
Loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Lease assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Software
Goodwill
Lease assets
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets
Assets for retirement benefits
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen in millions 2019
¥ 1,474,306 472,377 97,241 1,544,406 16,061,871 903,006 463,356 231,671 188,947 2,032 6,746 33,959
545,450 64,664 203,423 206 277,155
1,454,825 30,075 59,317 35,500
(9,195) ¥23,132,539
US$ in millions
    1,666,494
15,494,580
2020
892,335
488,331
231,122
185,178
24,722
12,463
34,843
442,695
108,892
138,584
194,873
1,535,400
346
24,113
219,385
31,500
(12,421)
¥23,196,455
2020
   ¥ 1,846,225
407,722
160,091
$ 16,938
3,741
1,469
15,289
142,152
8,187
4,480
2,120
1,699
227
114
320
4,061
999
1,271
1,788
14,086
221
2,013
289
(114)
3
   $212,812
          140 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Yen in millions 2019
US$ in millions
    Liabilities and Net Assets
Liabilities Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued
Other liabilities
Liabilities for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates Reserve for reorganization by function
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
Net Assets Shareholders’ equity:
Common stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss):
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥17,637,713 2,222,637 15,415,076 659,093 1,490,882 176,550 414 27,788 – 6,498 173,248 173,248 146,802 35,500
20,354,492
100,000 553,168 962,385
(32,539)
1,583,013
1,273,881 25,168
(135,992) 4,448
1,167,505
785 26,743
2,778,047
¥23,132,539
(84,432)
(140,106) (9,381)
¥17,809,540
2,149,921
15,659,619
2020
    809,093
1,672,264
179,686
325
28,392
16,957
137,400
137,400
17,254
31,500
–
$163,390
2020
19,724
143,666
7,423
15,342
1,648
260
156
1,261
1,261
158
289
3
–
    20,702,416
100,000
553,163
1,019,468
189,930
917
5,075
9,353
(775)
    1,588,199
982,042
30,916
14,571
9,010
284
(1,285)
(86)
     863,470
1,206
41,161
  2,494,038
7,922
11
378
  22,881
    23,196,455
$212,812
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 141
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020
Ordinary income and expenses Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Life insurance premiums
Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income Investment gains on money trusts Investment gains on trading securities Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Investment gains on separate accounts
Other investment income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income:
Gains on equity method investments
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses: Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Life insurance claims
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities
Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Investment losses on separate accounts Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense
Provision for bad debt reserve
Losses on bad debts
Losses on equity method investments Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit/(loss) Extraordinary income and losses
Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserves under the special laws:
Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation Gains on step acquisitions
Gains on change in equity interests
Other extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Losses on accelerated depreciation of tangible fixed assets Provision for reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates Other extraordinary losses
Yen in millions
US$ in millions
2020
$47,416 42,574 32,787
693
359 8,658 77 4,693 2,794 593 511 1,090 40 - 25
(359) 149
- 149
45,969 34,402 18,598
1,627 6,673 2,025
1 3,455 183 1,800 39 4,706 434 165 364 3 170 527 3,043 6,373 488 123 41 1 283 40
1,447
472 44 329 329 60 26 13
1,804 27 1,593
- - -
156 28
        2019
¥5,500,438 4,918,626 3,497,572
80,235
42,406 1,286,864 11,547 561,169 304,142 75,461 17,237 161,608 371 43,162 1,593
(42,406) 20,642
3,751 16,890
5,209,590 4,406,840 2,132,155
175,703 705,189 232,073
149 395,989 60,981 700,502 4,096 104,806 171 17,389 9,089 50 9,331 – 68,775 680,910 17,032 10,960 696 181 – 5,194
290,847
17,069 13,069 – – – – 4,000
28,075 2,695 2,936
20,320 20,320 5 – 2,116
2020
¥5,168,361 4,640,584 3,573,732
75,553
39,177 943,721 8,400 511,529 304,514 64,627 55,652 118,845 4,387 - 2,679
(39,177) 16,247
- 16,247
5,010,660 3,749,818 2,027,212
177,354 727,409 220,697
103 376,620 19,962 196,179 4,278 512,978 47,310 18,021 39,685 310 18,547 57,457 331,646 694,618 53,244 13,363 4,456 163 30,878 4,383
157,701
51,426 4,809 35,848 35,848 6,587 2,804 1,377
196,622 2,973 173,611 - - - 16,957 3,080
            142
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Yen in millions 2019
279,842 88,614
(3,154) 85,460
194,382 1,676 192,705
US$ in millions
   2020
 Income/(loss) before income taxes Income taxes - current
Income taxes - deferred
Total income taxes
Net income/(loss)
Net income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020
Net income/(loss)
Other comprehensive income/(loss):
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments
Total other comprehensive income/(loss)
Total comprehensive income/(loss)
Allocation:
Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
US$ in millions
 Yen in millions 2019
¥194,382
(198,656) 4,493
(61,093) 5,023
(23,850)
(274,084)
¥(79,701)
¥(80,135) 434
   2020
 (298,942)
6,101
3,001
(13,737)
721
2020
  ¥145,567
$ 1,335
(2,743)
56
28
(126)
7
   (302,855)
  ¥(157,288)
   ¥(161,004)
3,716
(2,778)
 $(1,443)
$(1,477)
34
        INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 143
2020
   12,505
34,420
(167,482)
(133,061)
115
316
(1,537)
(1,221)
   145,567
2,536
¥ 143,030
1,335
$ 1,312
23
    
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
 MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
2019
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated)
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries with non-consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated)
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries with non-consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
Common stock
¥100,000
100,000
Capital surplus
¥554,320
554,320
5
(1,157)
(1,151)
¥553,168
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥849,044
849,044
(79,367)
192,705
1
113,340
¥962,385
Treasury stock
¥(2,599)
(2,599)
(30,029)
88
(29,940)
¥(32,539)
(Yen in millions)
Total shareholders’ equity
               –
¥100,000
¥1,500,765
–
1,500,765
(79,367)
192,705
(30,029)
94
1
(1,157)
–
82,248
¥1,583,013
Total net assets
¥2,968,387
   Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
     Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
  Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
  Foreign currency translation adjustments
  Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
   Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
   ¥1,487,258
1,487,258
¥20,043
20,043
¥(66,274)
(66,274)
¥(679) ¥1,440,346
Stock acquisition rights
¥566
Non- controlling interests
¥26,709
  ––
  (679) 1,440,346
566
26,709
2,968,387
(79,367)
192,705
(30,029)
94 1
(1,157)
–
(272,588)
(190,340)
¥2,778,047
              (213,376)
(213,376)
¥1,273,881
5,125
5,125
¥25,168
(69,718)
(69,718)
¥(135,992)
5,127
5,127
¥4,448
(272,841)
(272,841)
¥1,167,505
218
218
¥785
33
33
¥26,743
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
144 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
2020
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated)
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries with non-consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated)
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries with non-consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
(52,019)
(Yen in millions)
(942)
(83,951) (52,019)
(1,052)
   Shareholders’ equity
     Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
      ¥100,000
¥553,168
¥962,385
¥(32,539) ¥1,583,013
     (942)
     100,000
553,168
961,442
            (83,951)
(32,539) 1,582,070
      143,030
143,030
            (5)
127
121
                        –
(5) 58,026
(1,052)
–
 –
     ¥100,000
(51,892) 6,128
   ¥553,163
¥1,019,468
¥(84,432) ¥1,588,199
           Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
           Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights
Non- controlling interests
Total net assets
        ¥1,273,881
¥25,168
¥(135,992) ¥4,448
¥1,167,505
¥785
¥26,743
¥2,778,047
         –
(942) (83,951)
143,030
(52,019)
(1,052) (289,194) (283,065)
         2,777,104
  1,273,881
                                           121
 –
 –
                                  (291,838) 5,747
25,168
(135,992) 4,448
(4,113) (13,829) (304,034) 421
  (4,113) (13,829) (304,034) 421
1,167,505
785
26,743
14,418
   (291,838) 5,747
14,418
       ¥982,042
¥30,916
¥(140,106) ¥(9,381) ¥863,470
¥1,206
¥41,161
¥2,494,038
       See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 145
 
 2020
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated)
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries with non-consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated)
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries with non-consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
(477)
(US$ in million)
(9) (770)
(477)
(10)
   Shareholders’equity
     Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Totalshareholders’ equity
      $917
$5,075
$8,829
$(299) $14,523
      (9)
      917
5,075
8,821
            (770)
(299) 14,514
               (0)
1,312
1,312
   1
1
     –
      –
     (10)
            -
(0) 532
(476) 56
     $917
$5,075
$9,353
$(775) $14,571
           Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
          Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights
Non- controlling interests
Total net assets
        $11,687
$231
$(1,248) $41
$10,711
$7
$245
$25,487
         –
(9) (770)
1,312
(477)
(10) (2,653) (2,597)
         25,478
  11,687
                                           1
 –
 –
                                  (2,677) 53
231
(1,248) 41
(38) (127) (2,789) 4
  (38) (127) (2,789) 4
10,711
7
245
132
   (2,677) 53
132
       $9,010
$284
$(1,285) $(86) $7,922
$11
$378
$22,881
       146 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020
I. Cash flows from operating activities:
Yen
2019
in millions
US$ in millions
2020
$115
602 1,593 117
(617) 1,707
29 (1) 4
121 (60) (95)
(329) (2,794) (159) (1,109)
170 527 123
2,932 (21)
283 (60) (26)
(283) 698 (207)
3,260 3,685
(122) (696)
6,127 187
(173) 147
(2,137) 1,068 (41,630)
40,681 (2,076) 1,836
(512) 578 105
(1,927) 4,200
(294) 68 (720) (89) (58) (11)
(3,031) 1,370
(1,538) 1,371
726 –
(477) (769) (11)
– (72) 599
(25) 3,671
16,500
$20,171
         Income/(loss) before income taxes ¥279,842 Adjustments for:
Depreciation 59,483 Impairment losses on fixed assets 2,936 Amortization of goodwill 14,633 Increase/(decrease) in outstanding claims 68,042 Increase/(decrease) in underwriting reserves 691,707 Increase/(decrease) in bad debt reserve (193) Increase/(decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits for officers (124) Increase/(decrease) in accrued bonuses for employees 764 Increase/(decrease) in reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates – Increase/(decrease) in reserve for reorganization by function (9,842) Increase/(decrease) in liabilities for pension and retirement benefits (1,645) Increase/(decrease) in reserve for price fluctuation 20,320 Interest and dividends income (304,142) Losses/(gains) on money trusts (75,272) Losses/(gains) on securities (152,687) Losses/(gains) on derivative transactions 9,331 Investment losses/(gains) on separate accounts (43,162) Interest expense 10,960 Foreign exchange losses/(gains) 65,348 Losses/(gains) on disposal of tangible fixed assets (10,582) Losses/(gains) on equity method investments (3,751) Losses /(gains) on step acquisitions – Losses/(gains) on change in equity interests – Decrease/(increase) in other assets (201,857) Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities 85,128 Other, net (481) Subtotal 504,754
Interest and dividends received 402,460 Interest paid (10,872) Income taxes refunded/(paid) (119,619)
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities (a) 776,724
II. Cash flows from investing activities:
Net decrease/(increase) in deposits and savings 13,029 Purchase of monetary claims bought (9,027) Proceeds from sales and redemption of monetary claims bought 49,750 Purchase of money trusts (636,742) Proceeds from sales of money trusts 222,626 Purchase of securities (3,929,183) Proceeds from sales and redemption of securities 3,717,595 Investment in loans (197,312) Collection of loans 178,346 Net increase/(decrease) in payables under repurchase agreements 468,782 Net increase/(decrease) in cash collateral under securities borrowing and lending transactions (47,807) Other, net 10,293
Subtotal (b) (159,649)
(a + b) 617,075 Acquisition of tangible fixed assets (32,399) Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets 16,418 Acquisition of intangible fixed assets (75,584) Acquisition of shares of subsidiaries resulting in changes in scope of consolidation – Payments for sales of shares of subsidiaries resulting in changes in scope of consolidation – Other, net (1,202)
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (252,417)
III. Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from borrowings 26,452 Repayments of borrowings (45,386) Issuance of bonds 99,527 Net increase/(decrease) in cash collateral under securities lending transactions – Proceeds from stock issuance to non-controlling interests 501 Repurchase of treasury stock (30,029) Dividends paid to shareholders (79,286) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (915) Purchase of shares of subsidiaries not resulting in changes in scope of consolidation (2,359) Other, net (1,841)
Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities (33,337)
IV. Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (15,949)
V. Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 475,019
VI. Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 1,323,506
VII. Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ¥1,798,526
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
2020
¥12,505
65,613 173,611 12,737
(67,233) 186,053
3,145 (88)
461 13,143
(6,498) (10,352) (35,848)
(304,514) (17,299) (120,868) 18,547 57,457 13,363
319,557 (2,319)
30,878 (6,587) (2,804)
(30,875) 76,050 (22,530)
355,302
401,686 (13,259) (75,833)
667,896 20,391
(18,809) 15,982 (232,980)
116,399 (4,537,656)
4,434,208 (226,329)
200,104 (55,816) 62,989 11,452
(210,064) 457,831 (32,021)
7,439 (78,519) (9,715) (6,327) (1,152) (330,363)
149,381 (167,648) 149,427
79,080 –
(52,019) (83,861) (1,233)
– (7,805)
65,321
(2,701)
400,153 1,798,526
¥2,198,680
          INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 147
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of and for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1. Basis of presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated from the consolidated financial statements of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. (“the Company”) prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Rules of Corporate Accounting, the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act and related rules, and regulations applicable to the non-life insurance industry in general, and in conformity with accounting principles and practices generally accepted in Japan, which may differ in certain respects from accounting principles and practices generally accepted in countries and jurisdictions other than Japan. In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, certain additional information has been provided for the consolidated financial statements issued domestically in order to present them in a form that is more familiar to readers outside Japan.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are expressed in Japanese yen. As permitted by the regulations under the Rules of Corporate Accounting, amounts are rounded down to the nearest million of Japanese yen, except for those stated otherwise. As a result, the total amounts in Japanese yen shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of the individual amounts.
Solely for the convenience of readers, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 have been translated into US dollar at the rate of ¥109=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on the Tokyo foreign exchange market on the last business day of March 2020. Such translation should not be construed as presentations that the Japanese yen amounts have been, should have been, or could in the future be, converted into US dollar at that or any other rate.
“Subsidiary” and “Associate” appearing in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto refer to those defined in Article 2 of the Rules of Corporate Accounting.
2. Scope of consolidation
             (1)
Number of consolidated subsidiaries
87 companies
Major consolidated subsidiaries are as follows:
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”)
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSAL”) Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSPL”) MSIG Holdings (U.S.A.), Inc.
MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
MS Amlin AG
MS Amlin Insurance SE
MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Bhd.
Changes in scope of consolidation
PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk and 2 other companies have been included in the scope of consolidation since the year ended March 31, 2020 as they have become the Company's subsidiaries due to the acquisition of shares.
au Insurance Company, Limited became an equity method affiliate due to the sale of shares, and RaetsAsia P&I Services Pte Ltd and 4 other companies ceased to be subsidiaries due to the completion of liquidation and other reasons. As a result, these companies have been excluded from the scope of consolidation during the year ended March 31, 2020.
Unconsolidated subsidiaries
Major unconsolidated subsidiaries are as follows:
Anshin Dial Company, Limited MS&AD Systems Company, Limited
(2)
148
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Certain subsidiaries including the above subsidiaries are not consolidated, as they are not considered to have any impact on, in all material aspects, the consolidated financial conditions and business performance, in view of the size of their total assets, ordinary income, net income and retained earnings attributable to the Company.
3. Application of equity method
(1) Number of associates accounted for under the equity method 13 companies
Major associates accounted for under the equity method are as follows:
Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited ReAssure Group Plc
Changes in scope of application of equity method
As ReAssure Group Plc and Challenger Limited became associates due to the acquisition of shares and au Insurance Company, Limited changed from subsidiary to associate due to the sale of shares, these companies have been included in the scope of application of the equity method during the year ended March 31, 2020.
As ReAssure Jersey One Limited and 1 other company ceased to be associates due to the sale of shares and PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk changed from associate to subsidiary due to the acquisition of shares, these companies have been excluded from the scope of application of the equity method during the year ended March 31, 2020.
(2) Other affiliates, including unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates (e.g. Anshin Dial Company, Limited and Zenkankyo Small Amount and Short Term Insurance Holdings, Ltd.), are stated at cost as their effects on the consolidated net income and retained earnings are not considered material, individually and in aggregate.
(3) The Company holds 29.9% voting rights of Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company, Limited (“Japan Earthquake Re”) through MSI and ADI. However, Japan Earthquake Re is not included as an affiliate since the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial decisions of Japan Earthquake Re in view of its public nature.
4. Fiscal year of consolidated subsidiaries
The fiscal year end of 80 overseas consolidated subsidiaries is December 31, which is different from that of the Company. The Company uses the financial statements as of their latest fiscal year end for consolidation purposes since the intervening period does not exceed three months from its fiscal year end.
The Company makes adjustments to incorporate significant transactions occurred during the intervening period that materially affect the consolidated financial statements.
5. Accounting policies
(1) Valuation policies and methods of securities (including those included in Cash, deposits and savings, and Monetary claims bought as set forth in the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act)
(i) Trading securities are valued at their year-end market prices. Cost of sales is calculated using the moving average method. For certain overseas consolidated subsidiaries, cost of sales is calculated using the first-in, first-out method.
(ii) Held-to-maturity securities are valued at amortized cost.
(iii) Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates that are not accounted for under the equity method are valued at cost determined by the moving average method.
                  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 149
 
 (iv) Debt securities and money trusts earmarked for underwriting reserves are valued at amortized cost determined by the moving average method in accordance with Industry Audit Committee Report No. 21 “Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Debt Securities Earmarked for Underwriting Reserve in the Insurance Industry" (issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants on November 16, 2000).
A summary of the risk management policy for debt securities and money trusts earmarked for underwriting reserves is as follows:
To effectively manage risks of variability in interest rates related to assets and liabilities, MSAL establishes subgroups of “individual insurance” that meet certain criteria for each type of insurance and investment policy, as well as applies the investment policy and cash allocation policy reflecting their characteristics. In addition, MSAL periodically assesses whether the durations of the debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves fall within a certain range from those of the underwriting reserves in each subgroup.
To effectively manage risks of variability in interest rates related to assets and liabilities, MSPL establishes subgroups of “individual insurance and individual annuities” that meet certain criteria for each currency, as well as applies the investment policy and cash allocation policy reflecting their characteristics. In addition, MSPL periodically assesses whether the durations of the debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves fall within a certain range from those of the underwriting reserves in each subgroup.
(v) Available-for-sale securities (except for those without practically determinable fair value) are valued at their year-end market prices.
Net unrealized gains and losses are reported as a separate line item of net assets. For foreign currency bonds held by certain consolidated subsidiaries, changes in fair values due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates are reported in net unrealized gains and losses in net assets, while the remaining changes are reported as foreign exchange gains and losses in the consolidated financial statements of income. Cost of sales is calculated by the moving average method.
(vi) Available-for-sale securities without practically determinable fair value are valued at cost using the moving average method.
(vii) Money trusts specifically managed for the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries for trading purposes are valued at fair value.
Money trusts specifically managed for the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries, other than those held for trading purposes, held to maturity or earmarked for underwriting reserves, are valued on the same basis as available-for-sale securities.
(2) Valuation policies and methods of derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments are valued at fair value.
(3) Depreciation methods of significant depreciable assets
(i) Depreciation of tangible fixed assets is computed using the straight-line method.
(ii) Intangible fixed assets are amortized by the straight-line method. Capitalized software for internal use is amortized by the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.
(4) Accounting policies for significant reserves
150
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
(i)
Bad debt reserve
For domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established under the internal standards for self-assessment of assets and the policy for write-off and provision.
Bad debt reserve for loans to debtors who are legally deemed to be insolvent due to bankruptcy or special liquidation, or whose notes are under suspension at clearing houses, and loans to debtors who are deemed to be substantially insolvent is provided based on the outstanding balance remaining after deducting the resale value of collateral and the amount collectible through guarantees.
Bad debt reserve for loans to debtors who are likely to become insolvent in the future is provided based on the outstanding balance remaining after deducting the resale value of collateral, the amount collectible through guarantees and the amount expected to be repaid by the debtors considering their overall ability to pay.
For loans other than those described above, bad debt reserve is calculated by multiplying the outstanding balances by the historical bad debt ratios.
Bad debt reserve for all loans and receivables is provided based on the assessment under the internal standards for self-assessment of assets. The assessment is performed by the departments responsible for the respective assets and the results are reviewed by independent internal audit departments.

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
For other domestic consolidated subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established under their internal standards for self-assessment of assets and policies for provision similar to those of the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries.
For overseas consolidated subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established based on the assessment of collectability of individual receivables.
(ii) Reserve for retirement benefits for officers
Reserve for retirement benefits that covers the cost of services rendered by officers and operating officers of MSI and MSAL up to the year ended March 31, 2005, the date on which the retirement benefit plans for officers were terminated, is established to provide for their future retirement benefits (including pension).
(iii) Accrued bonuses for employees
Accrued bonuses for employees are determined based on the estimated amounts to be paid at the year-end to provide for future bonuses for employees and operating officers.
(iv) Reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates
Reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates is established to provide for possible losses to be incurred due to the changes in the market value of listed shares which will be received as a consideration for the sale of shares of associates based on the sales contract. The amount of reserve is determined as a difference between expected amount of consideration and the carrying amount at the current year end.
(v) Reserve for price fluctuation
For the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the reserve for price fluctuation is recognized under Article 115 of the Japanese Insurance Business Act to provide for possible losses arising from price fluctuation of investment assets such as equity securities.
(5) Accounting for retirement benefits
(i) Attribution method of retirement benefits over the service period
In computing retirement benefit obligations, the estimated retirement benefits are attributed to the periods up to the current year using the plan's benefit formula.
(ii) Accounting for actuarial gains and losses
Actuarial gains and losses are amortized, commencing from the following year, using the straight-line method over a certain number of years (primarily 10 - 11 years) that do not exceed the expected average remaining service period of employees at the time of occurrence.
(6) Translation of foreign currency assets and liabilities
Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities of the Company are translated into Japanese yen using the spot exchange rate prevailing at the year end. The foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the translation are recognized in earnings. Foreign currency assets and liabilities of overseas consolidated subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen using the spot exchange rate prevailing at their respective year ends, while shareholders' equity is translated at the historical rates. Income and expenses of overseas consolidated subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen using the average exchange rate for the year. Differences arising from such translations are included in Foreign currency translation adjustments and Non-controlling interests in Net Assets.
(7) Accounting for consumption taxes
Consumption taxes received or paid by the Company and its major domestic consolidated subsidiaries are not included in income or expenses, except for those related to Loss adjustment expenses and Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses incurred by the domestic consolidated non-life insurance subsidiaries. Consumption taxes excluded from income and expenses are recorded at the net amount on the balance sheet.
Non-deductible consumption taxes are recognized as expenses for the period, except for those related to the purchase of depreciable fixed assets that are not charged to expenses but deferred as Other assets and amortized over a period of 5 years on a straight-line basis.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 151
 
 (8) Hedge accounting
Under Japanese GAAP, several methodologies are allowed for hedge accounting. Two fundamental approaches are the deferred hedge method and the fair value hedge method. Under the deferred hedge method, gains and losses on changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments are deferred and accounted for as a separate line item of net assets. Under the fair value hedge method, which is allowed only with respect to available-for-sale securities being the hedged items, gains and losses on changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are recognized in earnings together with the corresponding gains and losses of the hedged items attributable to the risks being hedged.
In addition, for certain derivative financial instruments, alternative treatments are permitted under Japanese GAAP. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and hedged by foreign exchange forward contracts or currency swaps can be accounted for by the allocation method. Under this method, the foreign exchange forward contracts and currency swaps used as hedging instruments are not measured at fair value since gains and losses on the derivatives are assumed to be offset with changes in fair value of the corresponding hedged items, and hedged items are translated at the foreign exchange rates that are stipulated in the foreign exchange forward contracts or currency swaps (hedging instruments). Interest rate swaps that qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not remeasured at fair value, but the differentials paid or received under the swap agreements are recognized and included in interest expense or income of the hedged items (the exceptional method).
For certain domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, gains and losses on equity forward contracts used for hedging risks of variability in the fair value of investments in equity securities are accounted for under the fair value hedge method. Gains and losses on currency swap contracts and certain foreign exchange forward contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency assets are accounted for under the deferred hedge method, the fair value hedge method or the allocation method. Gains and losses on currency swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency bonds issued by MSI are accounted for under the allocation method.
Gains and losses on interest rate swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in interest rates of loans, bonds and borrowings are accounted for under the deferred hedge method or the exceptional method when they meet certain criteria.
Gains and losses on interest rate and currency swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates and interest rates on foreign currency borrowings are accounted for under the integrated method when they meet certain criteria. The integrated method is to hedge foreign currency risks and interest rate risks using the allocation method and the exceptional method, respectively.
Hedge effectiveness is assessed quarterly by comparing cumulative fluctuations in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items and hedging instruments for the periods from the respective start dates of the hedges to the assessment dates. When the hedged items and the hedging instruments are highly and clearly interrelated, when the interest rate swap transactions meet the criteria for the application of the exceptional method, or when the interest rate and currency swap contracts meet the criteria for the application of the integrated method, hedge effectiveness is not assessed.
6. Goodwill
Goodwill is amortized using the straight-line method over a period of 15 to 20 years. Insignificant amounts of goodwill are charged to expenses as incurred.
7. Change in accounting policy
From the year ended March 31, 2020, International Financial Reporting Standard (“IFRS”) 16 “Leases" has been adopted by overseas consolidated subsidiaries that apply IFRS. As a result, lessees generally recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases at the lease commencement date.
In accordance with the transitional measures of IFRS 16, the Company has adjusted retained earnings for cumulative effects of the adoption at the beginning of the year ended March 31, 2020.
The effects of this adjustment on ordinary income and income before income taxes for the year ended March 31, 2020 were immaterial. The effects of the changes on the beginning balance of the year ended March 31, 2020 were an increase in lease assets of ¥23,875 million and a decrease in other tangible fixed assets of ¥653 million among tangible fixed assets, increases in lease assets of ¥7 million among intangible fixed assets, other liabilities of ¥24,172 million and a decrease in retained earnings of ¥942 million. As for the items of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, net cash used in operating activities decreased by ¥4,334 million and net cash used in financing activities increased by ¥4,334 million.
8. Cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated statements of cash flows
In preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents constitute cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities not exceeding three months.
                  152 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
   9. Additional information
(Consideration of the impact of COVID-19 pandemic in accounting estimates)
At present, it remains uncertain how long the COVID-19 pandemic will continue and how it will impact on the global economy. In this situation, accounting estimates, including the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the valuation of goodwill, incorporate certain assumptions with the scenario that the impact of COVID-19 pandemic will continue for a certain period of time during the year ending March 31, 2021.
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 153
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
1. The amounts of accumulated depreciation and accelerated depreciation of tangible fixed assets are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
Accumulated depreciation 374,923 Accelerated depreciation 14,002
Note: As permitted under Japanese tax legislation for the purpose of deferral in recognizing taxable income, the acquisition cost of certain qualifying properties is reduced to offset the taxable income that resulted from the sales of assets to be replaced by the acquired assets or receipts of governmental subsidies provided for the acquisition of the new assets. The total amounts deducted from the original acquisition cost of the qualifying properties as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020 were ¥14,002 million and ¥13,610 million, respectively.
Accelerated depreciation deducted from the original acquisition cost due to receipts of governmental subsidies during the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020 were ¥5 million and nil, respectively.
2. The carrying amounts of equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates are as follows:
  March 31, 2020
 399,393
13,610
     March 31, 2020
 30,138
293,110
17,212
 340,461
  Securities (Domestic stocks) Securities (Foreign securities) Securities (Other securities)
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
24,276 242,644 13,578
280,499
  3. The amounts of loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, overdue loans, loans overdue for three months or more, and restructured loans are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy – Overdue loans 204 Loans overdue for three months or more 345 Restructured loans 1,295
Total 1,845
Note: Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy represent those, excluding any part of bad debts that have been written off, on which accrued interest receivables are not recognized because repayments of the principal or interest have been overdue for considerable periods and regarded uncollectible (hereinafter, this category is referred to as “Loans not accruing interest”) and which meet the conditions prescribed in Article 96, Section 1-3 or 1-4 of the Corporation Tax Act Enforcement Ordinance (Cabinet Order No. 97, 1965).
Overdue loans represent loans not accruing interest excluding (a) loans to borrowers in bankruptcy and (b) loans that have been granted a grace period for interest payments in order to assist the debtors' operational restructuring or financial recovery.
Loans overdue for three months or more represent those of which the principal or interest has been past due for three months or more after the contractual due date for repayments of the principal or interest. The loans to borrowers in bankruptcy and overdue loans are excluded from this category.
Restructured loans represent those that have been granted favorable terms for the benefit of the debtors, such as interest exemption or reduction, a grace period for interest payments, a grace period for principal repayments or forgiveness of debts for the purpose of the restructuring of, or support to the debtors in financial difficulty. The loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, overdue loans and loans overdue for three months or more are excluded from this category.
  March 31, 2020
  43
177
299
1,165
 1,685
     4. The amounts of pledged assets are as follows:
Pledged assets:
Cash, deposits and savings Money trusts
Securities
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
28,918 2,283 806,098
837,300
  March 31, 2020
 3,638
2,241
846,152
 852,032
    Note: The amounts in the above table primarily consist of collateral assets required for payables under repurchase agreements included in Other liabilities, for international operations and for Real Time Gross Settlement of the current account with the Bank of Japan.
154 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
5. The amounts of securities loaned under securities lending agreements are as follows:
6. The amounts of assets received as collateral under loan agreements,etc.which the Company has the right to sell or repledge are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
Securities 296,885 Note: All securities in the above table have not been resold or repledged, and are held by the Company and its subsidiaries.
7. The amounts of assets and liabilities in separate accounts under Article 118 of the Japanese Insurance Business Act are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
380,429
  March 31, 2020
 573,550
       March 31, 2020
 144,617
     Yen in millions March 31, 2019
2,298,979
  March 31, 2020
 2,024,281
     8. Guarantees on transactions conducted by a limited partnership entity are as follows:
MSI provides guarantees on transactions conducted by a limited partnership entity. Aggregate net present value of these transactions was ¥115,078 million and ¥112,259 million, respectively in a negative liability position as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020. These amounts were not included in Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees or Acceptances and guarantees since there was no substantial exposure.
9. The unutilized balances of commitment lines to third parties are as follows:
10. Information on financial instruments
(1) Qualitative information on financial instruments (i) Policy on financial instruments
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
7,650
  March 31, 2020
 12,655
     MS&AD Insurance Group (“the Group”) applies Asset and Liability Management policies to maintain stability of investment returns, safety of assets and sufficient liquidity under an appropriate risk management framework to attain sustainable growth of the net asset value. In addition, the Group is exposed to investment risks such as market risks and credit risks and manages those risks in accordance with the risk management policies of the Group and each group company.
The Group's cash inflows which mainly arise from insurance operations and investment activities are affected by changes in external environment such as occurrences of natural disasters and changes in financial market conditions. To enhance efficiency of funds operations and strengthen financial capacity under such changing conditions, the Group undertakes to raise funds through the issuance of long-term or short-term corporate bonds or other financing methods as the needs arise.
(ii) Details of financial instruments and associated risks
The Group's financial assets mainly consist of securities including domestic bonds, domestic stocks and foreign securities, loans and other financial instruments. Risks pertaining to investments include market risks, credit risks, market liquidity risks and other risks. Market risks arise from fluctuations in interest rates, stock prices, foreign exchange rates and other market indicators. Credit risks arise from the deterioration in the financial condition of security issuers and counterparties of loans. Market liquidity risks represent the risks that investment assets are forced to be sold at extremely unfavorable prices under turmoil in the financial markets.
The Group utilizes derivative transactions represented by interest rate swaps, interest rate options, bond future contracts, equity index options, equity index future contracts, equity forward contracts, foreign exchange forward contracts, currency swaps, currency options, and interest rate and currency swaps for the purpose of hedging risks such as fluctuations in interest rates, stock prices and foreign exchange rates. In addition, the Group utilizes credit derivatives, weather derivatives and catastrophe derivatives to generate investment returns with consideration given to the associated risks.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 155
 
 (2)
For details of derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied, please refer to “Significant Accounting Policies, 5. Accounting policies, (8) Hedge accounting”.
Derivative transactions involve risks associated with fluctuations in fair value of derivative financial instruments, risks of non-performance resulting from insolvency of counterparties and market liquidity risks. Derivative transactions utilized by the Group are also exposed to these risks. However, market risks associated with derivative transactions utilized for the purpose of hedging are mitigated, as changes in the fair value of hedged items and hedging instruments offset each other. To mitigate credit risks arising from the non-performance of counterparties, most of the Group's derivative transactions are executed only with select counterparties of high credit quality and diversified among various counterparties. Furthermore, under Credit Support Annex (“CSA”), the Group obtains collateral from counterparties.
(iii) Risk management structure related to financial instruments
The Group manages risks in accordance with the basic policy for risk management and internal policies for asset management risks, which stipulate the definition of risks and management method established by the Board of Directors. At major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the trading department is segregated from the backoffice and risk management departments, and maintains a structure that enables to exercise organizational checks and balances on a daily basis. The risk management department assesses, analyzes and manages risks related to financial instruments by quantifying market and credit risks using the Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) method and risk limit management based on asset and liability position, and regularly reports the results to the Board of Directors.
(a) Market risk management
The Group maintains and operates a risk management structure taking into account the characteristics of each financial instrument in accordance with its internal policies for market risk management. In addition to monitoring of risk amount by quantifying risks using the VaR method as described above, major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries manage market risks through the assessment of potential risks that cannot be identified using the VaR method, analysis of sensitivity of existing assets to changes in interest rates, stock prices and foreign exchange rates and analysis of concentration and weakness of portfolio.
(b) Credit risk management
The Group maintains and operates a risk management structure in accordance with its internal policies for credit risk management. For securities and derivative transactions at major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the trading and risk management departments manage credit risks of security issuers and derivative counterparties by regularly monitoring the credit information and fair values associated with the investment assets. For loans at MSI, ADI and MSPL, the trading and risk management departments maintain a credit risk management structure through credit screening, setting internal credit ratings and credit limits, managing credit information, requiring collaterals and guarantees where necessary, and resolving delinquent loans on an individual loan basis.
(c) Liquidity risk management
The Group maintains and operates a funding and market liquidity risk management structure in accordance with internal policies for liquidity risk management. The Group's treasury management classifies funding needs into “ordinary” and “emergency” depending on the urgency level and oversees operation and management for the liquidity in each level, which gives the foremost consideration to the liquidity risk. The treasury management also ensures the diversification of fundraising activities to secure and maintain liquidity in various environments. The Group manages funding liquidity risks by holding a sufficient amount of cash, savings and deposits, and highly liquid securities such as government bonds, and regularly monitoring their aggregate amounts in case of unexpected events like catastrophes and the deterioration of funding liquidity arising from turmoil in the financial markets.
(iv) Supplementary explanation of matters related to the fair value of financial instruments and other information
The fair value of financial instruments is determined based on market prices and, when market prices are not available, based on reasonable estimates. In determining fair value, certain assumptions and methods are used, thus the fair value may differ if alternative assumptions are applied.
Supplementary information on fair value of financial instruments
The following tables summarize the carrying amounts on the consolidated balance sheets and the fair values of financial instruments as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020 together with their differences. The following tables exclude financial instruments in which the fair values are not practically determinable (see Note 2).
156
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Yen in millions
Fair value Difference
1,475,182 875 472,377 – 97,241 – 1,544,406 –
3,148,489 – 1,286,289 230,244 2,525,355 162,044
4,013 842 9,040,271 –
925,994 23,086
20,519,621 417,094
676,879 17,785
676,879 17,785
17,426 – 2,664 –
20,090 –
arising from derivative transactions are netted.
Yen in millions
Fair value Difference
 March 31, 2019 Carrying amount
(i) Cash, deposits and savings 1,474,306
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements 472,377
(iii) Monetary claims bought 97,241
(iv) Money trusts 1,544,406
(v) Securities:
Trading securities 3,148,489 Held-to-maturity securities 1,056,044 Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves 2,363,311 Investments in associates 3,170 Available-for-sale securities 9,040,271
(vi) Loans 903,006 Bad debt reserve (*1) (98)
902,907
Total assets 20,102,527
Bonds issued 659,093
Total liabilities 659,093
Derivative transactions (*2):
Hedge accounting not applied 17,426 Hedge accounting applied 2,664
Total derivative transactions 20,090
(*1) Bad debt reserve for loans is deducted from the carrying amount.
(*2) Derivative assets and liabilities included in Other assets and Other liabilities, are presented on a net basis. Debits and credits
         March 31, 2020
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements
(iii) Monetary claims bought
(iv) Money trusts
(v) Securities:
Trading securities
Held-to-maturity securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves Investments in associates
Available-for-sale securities
(vi) Loans
Bad debt reserve (*1)
Total assets
Bonds issued
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2):
Hedge accounting not applied
Hedge accounting applied
Total derivative transactions
Carrying amount
  1,846,225
 1,846,892
 666
407,722
407,722
–
160,091
160,091
–
1,666,494
1,666,494
–
2,889,688
2,889,688
–
1,099,432
1,315,739
216,307
2,402,920
2,613,059
210,138
51,732
29,796
(21,935)
8,560,362
8,560,362
–
1,666,494
1,666,494
–
(104)
   892,231
 923,010
 30,778
 19,976,903
20,412,858
435,954
 809,093
 802,081
 (7,011)
 809,093
 802,081
 (7,011)
   26,945
26,945
–
4,592
 4,592
 –
 31,538
 31,538
 –
         (*1) Bad debt reserve for loans is deducted from the carrying amount.
(*2) Derivative assets and liabilities included in Other assets and Other liabilities, are presented on a net basis. Debits and credits
arising from derivative transactions are netted.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 157
 
 (Note 1) Determination of fair value of financial instruments Assets
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
With regard to deposits and savings, the fair value is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at interest rates applicable to the same type of new deposits and savings based on duration. With regard to deposits and savings without fixed maturities and short-term deposits and savings, the book value is deemed as the fair value due to their demand feature or short term duration.
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements
With regard to Receivables under resale agreements, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period.
(iii) Monetary claims bought
With regard to commercial papers (“CP”), the price quoted by counterparty financial institutions is deemed as the fair value. With regard to certain CP, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period. With regard to Monetary claims bought other than CP, the price quoted by counterparty financial institutions is deemed as the fair value.
(iv) Money trusts
With regard to Money trusts, the price quoted by trustees is deemed as the fair value.
(v) Securities
The fair value of equity securities is determined based on the quoted market price, while the fair value of bonds is determined based on the price quoted by exchanges, independent price venders or counterparty financial institutions.
(vi) Loans
With regard to floating rate loans, the book value approximates the fair value contingent on no significant changes in the credit conditions of the debtor, because the floating rates on the loans reflect market interest rates. With regard to fixed rate loans, for loans sorted by type, term and credit rating, the fair value is based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at market interest rates, such as yields on government bonds, plus a credit spread. The fair value of certain personal loans is determined at the net present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at interest rates applicable to the same type of new loans.
With regard to policy loans that do not have contractual maturities, as the loan amount is limited to the surrender value, the carrying amount approximates the fair value, considering their estimated repayment periods and interest rates.
With regard to loans to debtors that are legally or substantially bankrupt and loans to doubtful debtors, the carrying amount less bad debt reserve is deemed as the fair value, because the bad debt reserve is determined based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows or the value of the collateral and the amount collectible through guarantees.
Liabilities
Bonds issued
With regard to Bonds issued, the fair value is determined based on “Reference Statistical Prices for OTC Bond Transactions” published by the Japan Securities Dealers Association or prices quoted by counterparty financial institutions.
Derivative transactions
With regard to derivative transactions, the fair value is determined based on published forward exchange rates, closing prices at major exchanges, prices quoted by counterparty financial institutions, etc.
 158 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
(Note 2) The carrying amounts of financial instruments in which the fair values are not practically determinable, which are not included in “(v) Securities” above, are as follows:
  March 31, 2020
 288,728
90,625
72,750
38,338
 490,442
  Unlisted stocks and other assets invested in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates Other unlisted stocks
Unlisted investment trusts
Partnership investments comprising unlisted stocks
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
277,328 86,042 51,633 35,578
450,583
  The fair value of the financial instruments in the above table is not disclosed because their fair value is not practically determinable due to lack of marketability and difficulties in reasonably estimating future cash flows.
(Note 3) Maturity analysis of monetary assets and securities with fixed maturities
March 31, 2019
Cash, deposits and savings Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities: Government bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities
Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Loans (*)
Within 1 year
1,447,793 472,377 86,590
- 7,000
-
-
- 2,400 173
60,140
20,579 197,407 88,449 87,324
Over 1 to 5 years
23,351 -
-
3,400 2,800
-
- 400 10,072 355,067
622,969 48,302 703,009 667,009 311,125
2,747,508
Over 5 to 10 years Over 10 years -0
--
Yen in millions
   Total 2,470,235
-
129,300 32,602
-
-
- 1,750 1,109,345
336,675 116,673 367,255 762,619 326,777
3,182,999
9,995
782,500 79,600
-
617,300 6,600 102,200 119,739
902,909 92,098 89,355
155,478 108,822
3,066,600
 (*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥295 million of loans in which repayments cannot be expected since the debtors are legally bankrupt, substantially bankrupt or likely to go bankrupt, and ¥68,950 million of loans without fixed maturities.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 159
 
 Yen in millions
 March 31, 2020
Cash, deposits and savings Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities: Government bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities
Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Loans (*)
Total
Within 1 year
Over 1 to 5 years
Over 5 to 10 years
Over 10 years
  1,814,338
 22,942
-
  700
407,722
-
-
-
142,299
-
1,350
15,958
-
28,100
121,400
805,300
2,300
23,502
9,600
81,300
-
1,145
750
2,093
-
-
-
862,500
-
400
-
6,600
400
9,421
1,750
110,100
6,182
493,344
792,960
74,099
91,590
480,290
316,490
891,214
12,443
45,878
117,962
101,541
168,308
719,422
328,660
107,144
134,510
738,015
663,334
242,649
102,182
 353,035
 264,950
 100,410
 2,882,278
 2,915,498
 2,619,209
 3,401,612
    (*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥297 million of loans in which repayments cannot be expected since the debtors are legally bankrupt, substantially bankrupt or likely to go bankrupt, and ¥71,721 million of loans without fixed maturities.
(Note 4) Maturity analysis of bonds issued
March 31, 2019
Bonds issued (*) Total
March 31, 2020
Yen in millions
 Within 1 year –
–
Within 1 year
Over 1 to 2 years
– –
– –
Over 3 to 4 years
22,000
22,000
Over 4 to 5 years –
–
Over 4 to 5 years
Over 5 years
536,191 536,191
Over 5 years
Over 2 to 3 years
       Over 1 to 2 years
Over 2 to 3 years Over 3 to 4 years
Yen in millions
  –
 –
  22,000
–
  100,000
 586,191
–
  –
   22,000
 –
   100,000
  586,191
  Bonds issued (*)
Total
(*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥100,902 million of bond issued without fixed maturities.
  11. Certain consolidated subsidiaries own investment properties in Tokyo and other areas. The carrying amounts and fair value of the investment properties are as follows:
  March 31, 2020
 74,981
 138,674
   Carrying amount
Fair value
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
74,996 135,321
    Notes:
1. Carrying amount represents the acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation.
2. Fair value is primarily determined based on the appraisal values provided by qualified external appraisers. With respect to the properties with no substantial changes in their appraisal values or
indices that were considered to appropriately reflect market prices since most recent appraisal dates, the fair value is determined based on these appraisal values or the values adjusted by the relevant indices.
160 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
12. Business combination
(1)
Transaction under common control
(Transfer of third sector long-term contracts)
Based on the Agreement on Reorganization by Function concluded on September 27, 2013 between the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”), Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”) and Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSAL”), MSI and MSAL as well as ADI and MSAL concluded the Absorption-type Company Split Agreement on June 28, 2018 and completed the Simple Absorption-type Company Split on April 1, 2019. The purpose of the agreement is to transfer the long-term contracts of the third sector insurance market held by MSI and ADI to MSAL.
(i) Overview of the transaction
(2)
(ii) Overview of the accounting treatment applied
The Company applied “Accounting Standard for Business Combination” (ASBJ Statement No. 21, January 16, 2019) and “Revised Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures” (ASBJ Guidance No.10, January 16, 2019) for the treatment of transaction under common control.
Business combination through acquisition
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, acquired additional shares of PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk (“Sinarmas”), an equity method affiliate of the Company. As a result of this transaction, Sinarmas became a consolidated subsidiary.
(i) Overview of the transaction
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
Name and description of the subject business
Business related to the long-term contracts of the third sector insurance market held by MSI and ADI
Date of business combination April 1, 2019
Legal form of business combination
Simple absorption-type company split where MSI and ADI are designated as the splitting companies and MSAL as the successor company
Acquiring company name after the business combination Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Other items regarding overview of the transaction
By centralizing the product supply function in MSAL, the Group aims to realize efficient operations through further improvement of level of customer support and concentration of management resources, demonstrate the Group's comprehensive strength, and enhance customer satisfaction, its ability to grow and generate profits.
(a)
(b)
(c)
Name and description of business of the acquired company
Name: PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk Description of business: Life insurance business
Main reasons for business combination
Indonesia's life insurance market is expected to grow further in the future therefore the Company acknowledges Sinarmas as a strategic business base and intends to expand its business in cooperation with the Sinarmas Group, a strategic partner as well as a shareholder of Sinarmas.
Date of business combination
July 8, 2019 (deemed acquisition date: July 1, 2019)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 161
 
 (ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
Period of the acquired company's financial result included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company
The fiscal year end of the acquired company is December 31, which is different from that of the Company. The Company uses the financial statements as of the acquired company's latest fiscal year end for consolidation purposes since the intervening period does not exceed three months from its fiscal year end. Financial results from January 1, 2019 to June 30, 2019 were recorded as gains on equity method investments.
(vi)
Amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, together with major components, on the date of the business combination
unit:trillion rupiah
Total assets 17.3
(Securities 11.8)
(Intangible fixed assets 2.1)
Total liabilities 8.7
(Policy liabilities 7.2)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
Legal form of business combination Acquisition of shares
Company name after the business combination PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk
Ratio of acquired voting rights
Ratio of voting rights owned by MSI immediately before the acquisition: 50% Ratio of voting rights
acquired additionally by MSI on the date of business combination: 30% Ratio of voting rights after the acquisition: 80%
Grounds for deciding on the acquiring company
As a result of the acquisition of additional shares, MSI has gained substantial control of the acquired company.
Acquisition cost and consideration of the acquired company
Fair value on the date of business combination of shares held by MSI immediately before the business combination
Consideration (Cash) for shares additionally acquired by MSI Acquisition cost
Difference between acquisition cost and aggregate acquisition cost of transactions Gains on step acquisitions ¥6,587 million
Amount of goodwill, reason for recognizing goodwill, amortization method and the period
6.3 trillion rupiah
3.8 trillion rupiah 10.1 trillion rupiah
    (a)
(b) (c)
Amount of goodwill 3.2 trillion rupiah
Reason for recognizing goodwill
The amount of investments under the Share Acquisition Agreement exceeded the net amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Amortization method and the period
Amortized on a straight-line basis over 15 years
      162
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
(3)
(Calculation method for approximate impact)
These amounts of approximate impact on the Company’s consolidated statements of income represent the difference between the life insurance premiums, ordinary profit and net income attributable to owners of the parent calculated assuming that the business combination had been completed on the commencement date of the year, and their corresponding amounts in the consolidated statements of income of the acquired company. The amortization of intangible fixed assets including goodwill is calculated assuming that intangible fixed assets were recognized at the time on the commencement date of the year.
These notes have not been audited.
Transaction under common control (Reorganization of international business)
On January 1, 2020, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, reorganized its international business (“international business reorganization”) and transformed to a structure whereby international subsidiaries are placed under MSI's direct management, along with the termination of the regional holding company framework.
(i) Overview of international business reorganization
MSI designates 15 overseas subsidiaries as directly owned subsidiaries by acquiring subsidiaries' shares held by the regional holding companies through in-kind dividends. MSI completed the acquisition of shares of 9 companies for the year ended March 31, 2020 and plans to acquire shares of remaining 6 companies in the following years, subject to approval by relevant authorities.
(vii) Approximate impact on the consolidated statements of income and its calculation method, assuming that the business combination had been completed on the commencement date of the year
Life insurance premiums
Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
(Yen in millions) 2,922 210 (104)
Major subsidiaries for which MSI completed the acquisition are as follows: Name of company acquired
MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
MS Amlin AG
MS Amlin Insurance SE
MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
(ii) Purpose of international business reorganization
Description of business
Non-life insurance business
Non-life insurance business
Non-life insurance business
Non-life insurance business
Date of acquisition
January 1, 2020
January 1, 2020
January 1, 2020
February 28, 2020
     The purpose of the reorganization is to establish a system to further utilize skills and networks each group company has across regions and to accelerate decision-making speed for speedy business operations so that the Company can build future growth base and robust governance system as called for in the Medium-term Business Plan “Vision 2021” in light of environmental changes and challenges surrounding the international business.
(iii) Overview of the accounting treatment applied
The Company applied “Accounting Standard for Business Combination” (ASBJ Statement No. 21, January 16, 2019) and “Revised Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures” (ASBJ Guidance No.10, January 16, 2019) for the treatment of transaction under common control.
13. The amounts of net assets per share are as follows:
Net assets per share (in ¥)
Stock acquisition rights deducted from net assets (in ¥ million) Non-controlling interests deducted from net assets (in ¥ million) Outstanding common shares (in thousands)
March 31, 2019
4,712.11 785 26,743 583,711
  March 31, 2020
 4,308.37
1,206
41,161
569,047
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 163
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
1. The amounts of gains/(losses) on derivative transactions to reduce the currency risks of foreign currency reinsurance transactions, included in other underwriting income/(expenses), are as follows:
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2019
  For the year ended March 31, 2020
 (56)
     2.
4,434
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2019
63,767
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2019
682,532 305,078
The amounts of foreign exchange losses included in other investment expenses are as follows:
  For the year ended March 31, 2020
 320,697
     3. Major components of business expenses are as follows:
Commission expenses
Salaries
  For the year ended March 31, 2020
 699,841
306,163
     Note: Business expenses represent the aggregate amount of Loss adjustment expenses, Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, and Commissions and collection
expenses presented in the consolidated statements of income.
4. Losses on equity method investments:
Losses on equity method investments includes ¥36,629 million of accelerated amortization of goodwill associated with Challenger Limited which was recorded in accordance with the provisions set forth in Paragraph 9 of “Practical Guidelines on Accounting Standards for Equity Method” (JICPA Accounting Practice Committee Statement No. 9) and Paragraph 32 of “Practical Guidelines on Accounting Standards for Capital Consolidation Procedures in Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements” (JICPA Accounting Practice Committee Statement No. 7).
164 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
5. Impairment losses recognized on fixed assets are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Use
Investment properties
Idle real estate and real estate for sale and others
−
Category
Buildings
Land,buildings and other tangible fixed assets
Software, and other intangible fixed assets
Yen in millions
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Description Breakdown
        5 properties, including a building for rent in Fukushima
32 properties, including an office building in Niigata
Software and others related to telematics automobile insurance business operations in the UK
62 Buildings 62
Land 429 1,431 Buildings 860
Other tangible
fixed assets 141
Software 1,179 1,442 Other intangible
fixed assets 262
         Fixed assets used for the insurance business operations are grouped as a single asset group by each insurance company. Other assets such as investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale are grouped on an individual basis.
As the investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale in the above table were to be disposed in the near future, the carrying amounts of the assets were reduced to recoverable amounts, and the aggregate difference between them was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses.
The recoverable amounts of assets to be disposed represent their net sales value, which are determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers or the assessment of inheritance tax using roadside land prices.
During the review of the Company’s business outlook based on current sales, an impairment test was conducted for software and other intangible fixed assets related to telematics automobile insurance business operations in the UK. As a result of the test, the aggregate difference between the carrying amounts of the assets and recoverable amounts was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses. The recoverable amounts are measured by value in use, determined by discounting the future cash flows at 9.3%.
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Use
Investment properties
Idle real estate and real estate for sale and others
Others
Category
Buildings
Land and buildings
Software
Goodwill,
other intangible fixed assets, etc.
Goodwill,
other intangible fixed assets, etc.
Yen in millions
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Description Breakdown
         0
Buildings
0
   598
Land Buildings
66 531
   1,059
Software
1,059
   Buildings Lease assets Other tangible fixed assets Software Goodwill Other intangible fixed assets
1,249 2,273
2,593
8,096 75,320
69,699
   12,720
Other tangible fixed assets Software Goodwill Other intangible fixed assets
136
862 2,202
9,517
       –
–
2 properties, including a building for rent in Ibaraki
16 properties, including an office building in Kagawa
Software related
to the insurance business held by overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Lloyd’s business conducted by MS Amlin plc through the affiliated company
European direct insurance business conducted by MS Amlin plc through the affiliated company
159,233
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 165
 
 Fixed assets used for the insurance business operations are grouped as a single asset group by each insurance company. Other assets such as investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale are grouped on an individual basis.
As the investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale in the above table were to be disposed in the near future or their demolition has been determined, the carrying amounts of the assets were reduced to recoverable amounts, and the aggregate difference between them was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses.
The recoverable amounts of assets to be disposed represent their net sales value or value in use. The net sales value is determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers or the assessment of inheritance tax using roadside land prices while value in use is determined as zero.
For software related to the insurance business held by overseas consolidated subsidiaries, impairment loss is recognized for the portion where the effects of decrease in expense in future are no longer assured due to the revision of software development plans and other reasons.
Non-life insurance business conducted by MS Amlin plc through affiliated companies had been treated as one asset group, however along with the elimination of regional holding company and the transformation to a structure under MSI’s direct management, the Lloyd’s business, the European direct insurance business, and the reinsurance business were treated as individual asset groups.
As the Lloyd’s business and the European direct insurance business were less profitable than expected when acquired, carrying amounts of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets were reduced to their recoverable amounts and the reduced amounts were recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses. The recoverable amounts were measured at net sales value for buildings and lease assets, and measured at value in use of zero for other assets. The net asset value was determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers.
MS Amlin plc changed its trade name to MS Amlin Limited as at December 3, 2019.
166 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
6. Details of Other extraordinary income are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Other extraordinary income represents reversal of reserve for reorganization by function. For the year ended March 31, 2020
Other extraordinary income represents reversal of reserve for reorganization by function.
7. Details of Other extraordinary losses are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Other extraordinary losses represent additional retirement benefits due to the personnel reduction at MS Amlin plc and its subsidiaries. For the year ended March 31, 2020
Other extraordinary losses represent expenses related to reorganization of international business.
8. Total income taxes:
MSI has decided to dispose of shares in MS Amlin plc after acquiring subsidiaries’ shares held by MS Amlin plc (currently MS Amlin Limited) and MSIG Holdings(Asia) Pte. Ltd. through in-kind dividends, and a part of the acquisitions has been completed.
As a result, income taxes decreased by ¥166,737 million due to the decrease in taxable income and recognition of deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries.
9. The amounts of net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share are as follows:
     For the year ended March 31, 2020
 248.36
 248.22
   Basic net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share (in ¥) Diluted net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share (in ¥)
Note: The basis of calculation is as follows:
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent (in ¥ million)
Average outstanding common stock during the year (in thousands of shares)
Increase in number of common stock used for calculation of diluted net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent (in thousands of shares)
For the year ended March 31, 2019
328.72 328.60
For the year ended March 31, 2019
192,705 586,215
212
     For the year ended March 31, 2020
 143,030
575,887
313
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 167
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
1. Reclassification adjustments and income tax effects of other comprehensive income/(loss)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments: Gains/(losses) arising during the period
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments: Gains/(losses) arising during the period
Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments Total other comprehensive income/(loss)
Yen in millions 2019
(127,313) (137,167) (264,481)
65,824 (198,656)
10,784 (4,895)
5,888 (1,395) 4,493
(61,093)
4,934 1,329 6,263 (1,240) 5,023
(23,579) (271) (23,850) (274,084)
  2020
 (358,657)
(63,100)
 (421,757)
122,815
 (298,942)
 18,271
(9,688)
 8,582
(2,481)
 6,101
 3,001
 (17,792)
(1,389)
 (19,182)
5,444
 (13,737)
 (3,530)
4,252
 721
 (302,855)
                              168 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS
For the year ended March 31, 2019
1. Type and number of issued stock and treasury stock
Issued stock: Common stock
Total
Treasury stock: Common stock
Total
in thousands of shares
Beginning balance Increase Decrease
593,291 - - 593,291 - -
880 8,728 29
880 8,728 29
Ending balance
593,291
593,291
9,580
9,580
      Notes:
1. The increase in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 8,728 thousand shares, as a result of open market repurchases of 8,714 thousand shares and repurchases of 14
thousand fractional shares.
2. The decrease in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 29 thousand shares, which is due to exercise of stock acquisition rights of 28 thousand shares and sales of 0
thousand fractional shares.
2. Stock acquisition rights
 Category Filer
Total
Breakdown
Stock acquisition rights as stock options
Yen in millions Ending balance 785 785
Effective date
June 26, 2018
December 5, 2018
Effective date
June 25, 2019
         3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting held on June 25, 2018
Board meeting held on November 19, 2018
Type of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Aggregate amount of Dividends per share dividends
(Yen in millions) (in Yen)
38,506 65
40,860 70
Date of record
March 31, 2018
September 30, 2018
   Note: Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
(2) Dividends declared effective after March 31, 2019 for which the date of record is in the year ended March 31, 2019
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting to be held on June 24, 2019
Type of shares
Common stock
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
40,859
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Dividends per share (in Yen)
70
Date of record
March 31, 2019
  Note: Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 169
 
 For the year ended March 31, 2020
1. Type and number of issued stock and treasury stock
Issued stock: Common stock
Total Treasury stock:
Common stock Total
in thousands of shares
 Beginning balance
Increase
Decrease
Ending balance
     593,291
 -
 -
 593,291
 593,291
-
-
593,291
    9,580
 14,701
 37
 24,244
 9,580
 14,701
 37
 24,244
      Notes:
1. The increase in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 14,701 thousand shares, as a result of open market repurchases of 14,688 thousand shares and repurchases of 13
thousand fractional shares.
2. The decrease in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 37 thousand shares, which is due to exercise of stock acquisition rights of 36 thousand shares and sales of 0
thousand fractional shares.
2. Stock acquisition rights
Category Filer
Total
3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General shareholders' meeting held on June 24, 2019
Board meeting held on November 19, 2019
Type of shares
Breakdown
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
Dividends per share (in Yen)
Date of record
Yen in millions Ending balance
Effective date
Effective date
   Stock acquisition rights as stock options
 1,206
   1,206
      Common stock
  40,859
  70
  March 31,2019
  June 25,2019
 Common stock
 43,092
 75
 September 30,2019
 December 4,2019
    Note: Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
(2) Dividends declared effective after March 31, 2020 for which the date of record is in the year ended March 31, 2020
Aggregate amount of dividends Resolution Type of shares (Yen in millions)
General shareholders’ meeting to be held on June 25, 2020
Note: Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
Source of dividends
Dividends per share (in Yen)
Date of record
  Common stock
  42,678
  Retained earnings
  75
  March 31,2020
  June 26,2020
   170 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
For the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020
1. Reconciliation of balance sheet items to cash and cash equivalents
Cash, deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements
Monetary claims bought
Securities
Time deposits exceeding three months and deposits pledged as collateral Monetary claims bought other than cash equivalents
Securities other than cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
Yen in millions 2019
1,474,306 472,377 97,241 16,061,871
(226,746) (49,238) (16,031,285)
1,798,526
  2020
 1,846,225
407,722
160,091
15,494,580
(202,120)
(52,132)
(15,455,687)
 2,198,680
        2. Major components of assets and liabilities of newly consolidated subsidiaries due to acquisition of shares
For the year ended March 31, 2020
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company,
acquired additional shares of PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk (“Sinarmas”), an equity method affiliate of the Company. As a result of this transaction, Sinarmas became a consolidated subsidiary of the Company. The following summarizes the recognized amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the relationship between the acquisition cost of shares and the expenditure for the acquisition (net) at the acquisition date:
  Securities
Intangible fixed assets Other assets
Goodwill
Policy liabilities
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Non-controlling interests
Investments accounted for using the equity method prior to the acquisition of shares Gains on step acquisitions
Acquisition cost of Sinarmas’ shares
Less: Cash and cash equivalents held at Sinarmas
Net consideration paid for acquisition of Sinarmas
3. Cash flows from investing activities include those from investments made as part of the insurance business.
Yen in millions 91,036 16,623 25,657
133,316 25,370
(55,916) (11,285) (67,201)
(962) (13,222) (41,725) (6,587)
28,987 19,272 9,715
        INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 171
 
 Independent Auditor’s Report
 172 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
  Independent Auditor’s Report To the Board of Directors of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.:
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. (“the Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group"), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2019 and 2020, the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net assets and cash flows for the years then ended , and notes, comprising a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as of March 31, 2019 and 2020, and its consolidated financial performance and cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audits of the consolidated financial statements in Japan, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Responsibilities of Management and Corporate auditors and the board of corporate auditors
for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Corporate auditors and the board of corporate auditors are responsible for overseeing the directors’ performance of their duties including the design, implementation and maintenance of the Group’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
・ Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
・ Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, while the objective of the audit is not to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
・ Evaluatetheappropriatenessofaccountingpoliciesusedandthereasonablenessofaccountingestimatesandrelateddisclosures made by management.
 
CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
 ・ Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
・ Evaluate whether the presentation and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements are in accordance with accounting standards generally accepted in Japan, the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
・ Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with corporate auditors and the board of corporate auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. We also provide corporate auditors and the board of corporate auditors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
Convenience Translation
The U.S. dollar amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to the year ended March 31, 2020 are presented solely for convenience. Our audit also included the translation of yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts and, in our opinion, such translation has been made on the basis described in Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Interest required to be disclosed by the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan
We do not have any interest in the Group which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the provisions of the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan.
Hiroyuki Yamada
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Ikuo Hirakuri
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Fumito Hirose
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
KPMG AZSA LLC Tokyo Office, Japan June 24, 2020
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 173

 Summary of Business Results of Main Consolidated Subsidiaries MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
 Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Due from agencies
Co-insurance accounts receivable
Reinsurance accounts receivable
Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable
Agency business accounts receivable
Other receivables
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Deposits with the Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company Suspense payments
Initial margins for future transactions
Derivative financial instruments
Cash collateral pledged under derivative transactions
Other assets
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥
  March 31, 2020
 ¥ 489,791
31
489,760
–
8,217
2,961
4,925,543
874,430
92,416
567,429
1,433,930
1,894,855
62,481
400,609
6,000
394,609
209,951
77,417
112,617
2,208
17,707
98,478
49,756
48,722
419,666
7,604
125,333
9,435
63,139
92,577
805
56,711
4,917
10,597
4,365
39,716
711
2,241
941
565
111,516
25,987
(6,635)
 ¥6,686,089
    451,820 57 451,762 6,999 13,650 3,543 5,399,897 979,885 87,459 555,690 1,728,866 2,003,496 44,498 396,292 6,515 389,776 207,392 78,087 115,698 335 13,271 73,972 14,527 59,445 393,734 4,311 122,339 12,721 64,100 94,274 607 35,260 5,632 10,323 4,138 36,911 701 1,347 393 670 – 33,123
(3,282) ¥6,977,145
    174 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
  March 31, 2020
 ¥3,715,273
629,241
3,086,032
587,093
566,927
12,977
62,131
35,347
630
61,603
198,381
3,744
60,177
24
45,225
21,088
2,770
56,402
1,297
3,913
1,212
120,827
316
10,633
–
19,007
19,007
–
25,987
 5,046,067
 139,595
93,107
93,107
698,675
46,487
652,187
15,561
636,626
931,378
683,030
25,613
708,643
 1,640,022
 ¥6,686,089
  Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued Other liabilities:
Co-insurance accounts payable
Reinsurance accounts payable
Foreign reinsurance accounts payable
Agency business accounts payable
Payables under securities lending transactions Borrowings
Income taxes payable
Deposits received
Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Derivative financial instruments
Cash collateral received under derivative transactions Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for reorganization by function Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees Total liabilities
(Net assets)
Common stock
Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Tax-exempted reserve for accelerated depreciation
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥3,798,043 644,153 3,153,890 487,093 502,358 11,656 63,195 29,004 16 – 196,767 18,683 64,182 25 46,990 23,220 1,787 40,357 1,294 3,881 1,295 134,438 403 10,447 906 76,003 76,003 101,693 33,123 5,144,511
139,595 93,107 93,107
685,439 46,487 638,951 15,837 623,113 918,142 885,036 29,454 914,491 1,832,634 ¥6,977,145
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 175
 
 MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
  Items Year ended March 31, 2019
Ordinary income: ¥1,908,617 Underwriting income: 1,696,441 Net premiums written 1,509,617 Deposit premiums from policyholders 55,858 Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders 32,235 Reversal of outstanding claims – Reversal of underwriting reserves 98,308 Foreign exchange gains 348 Other underwriting income 73 Investment income: 206,852 Interest and dividends income 113,912 Gains on sales of securities 121,459 Gains on redemption of securities 256 Gains on derivative transactions 2,343 Foreign exchange gains 625 Other investment income 491
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders (32,235) Other ordinary income 5,322
Ordinary expenses: 1,682,140 Underwriting expenses: 1,436,790
Year ended March 31, 2020
¥1,784,456 1,644,049 1,547,930
52,386 30,105 13,585
–
– 42 135,749 101,912 58,254 862 3,419 – 1,405
(30,105) 4,657
1,695,343 1,419,697 888,652 90,679 278,348 157,089 84 – 3,337 985 520 33,085 566 4,387 20,878 162 4,313 2,776 229,308 13,251 9,353 3,427 27 442
89,113
61,429 4,432 56,996 56,996 189,539 1,307 499 – – 186,325 1,407
(38,997) 485
(133,562) (133,076)
Yen
in millions
      Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense Provision for bad debts Losses on bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserves under the special laws:  Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
 Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Losses on valuation of shares of subsidiaries and associates Other extraordinary losses
Income/(loss) before income taxes Income taxes – current
Income taxes – deferred
Total income taxes
Net income ¥
910,965 89,662 265,429 167,736 118 2,442 – – 436 12,622 171 5,375 4,052 44 – 2,978 223,294 9,434 7,734 172 1 1,526
226,476
2,982 2,982 – – 6,095 1,265 639 4,190 4,190 – – 223,363 58,143
(5,882) 52,260
171,102
¥ 94,079
        176 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Insurance companies running their business in Japan calculate the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio pursuant to the provisions of Articles 86 and 87 of the Insurance Business Act Enforcement Regulations and Public Notice No. 50 issued by the Ministry of Finance in 1996.
While insurance companies set aside reserves to provide for payments of insurance claims should an insured event occur, they are also required to maintain sufficient funds to pay out in an event outside the normal range of estimates such as a major catastrophe and a significant drop in the value of their assets.
The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio, or item (C) in each of the tables below, which is calculated in accordance with the Insurance Business Act, is the ratio of “solvency margin of insurance companies calculated based on their capital and other reserves”, or (A) the total amount of solvency margin, to “risks exceeding the normal range of estimates”, or (B) the total amount of risks.
The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio is one of the objective indicators used by the insurance regulatory authorities to supervise insurance companies. A non-consolidated solvency margin ratio of 200% or over indicates adequate ability to satisfy insurance claims and other payment requirements.
  March 31, 2020
 ¥3,076,392
879,578
19,007
–
550,227
86
852,586
54,618
–
487,093
–
3,642
236,835
 877,260
136,088
–
13,475
700,269
19,617
131,040
 701.3%
    (A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥3,321,706 856,325 76,003 60 527,790 111
1,104,761
48,551 – 487,093 – 6,642 227,650 918,540 131,847 – 14,611 757,347 20,376 115,025
723.2%
  (B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 177
 
 AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Money trusts Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Lease assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Due from agencies
Due from foreign agencies
Co-insurance accounts receivable
Reinsurance accounts receivable
Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable
Agency business accounts receivable
Other receivables
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Deposits with the Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company Suspense payments
Derivative financial instruments
Prepaid pension expenses
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
  March 31, 2020
 ¥ 174,108
18
174,090
2,441
2,317,658
487,098
36,695
305,287
696,983
715,866
75,728
218,147
2,258
215,889
182,184
74,281
85,562
2
10,048
12,288
55,884
24,166
31,718
381,021
2,222
83,351
834
5,635
49,147
143,958
325
43,965
6,353
6,612
2,591
28,023
7,998
19,427
63,162
7,500
(804)
 ¥3,420,733
    ¥
181,470 18 181,452 2,483 2,411,362 562,094 20,930 257,869 823,412 677,156 69,898 201,022 2,590 198,431 177,051 74,275 84,965 3 6,368 11,438 42,914 9,783 33,131 354,507 2,412 81,701 897 5,747 49,733 126,947 71 43,036 7,014 6,777 2,499 24,825 2,842 20,501 16,426 4,500
(1,251) ¥3,410,989
    178 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
  March 31, 2020
 ¥2,366,879
564,436
1,802,443
72,000
265,188
3,721
49,778
60,815
2,285
79,080
10,090
3,545
26
33,642
17,678
3,629
2
891
0
34,378
6,619
–
30,088
30,088
7,500
 2,782,654
 100,005
81,207
52,593
28,614
185,491
47,411
138,079
138,079
366,703
271,374
271,374
 638,078
 ¥3,420,733
  Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued Other liabilities:
Co-insurance accounts payable
Reinsurance accounts payable
Foreign reinsurance accounts payable
Agency business accounts payable
Payables under securities lending transactions Income taxes payable
Deposits received
Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for reorganization by function Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Acceptances and guarantees Total liabilities
(Net assets)
Common stock
Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Other capital surplus
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥2,426,782 591,844 1,834,938 22,000 171,219 3,433 52,448 53,043 1,500 – 3,060 3,249 27 32,064 19,507 2,034 3 847 0 31,288 6,016 253 13,373 13,373 4,500 2,675,433
100,005 81,207 52,593 28,614
180,526 47,411 133,114 133,114 361,739 373,815 373,815 735,555 ¥3,410,989
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 179
 
 AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income: Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Reversal of outstanding claims
Reversal of underwriting reserves
Foreign exchange gains
Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income Investment gains on money trusts Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities Foreign exchange gains
Other investment income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense Provision for bad debts Losses on bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation Losses on reduction of tangible fixed assets
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income
Yen
Year ended March 31, 2019
¥1,425,517 1,354,477 1,233,581
24,377 16,539 – 75,120 242 4,616 62,276 56,150 2 22,397 90 77 97
(16,539) 8,763
1,364,135 1,159,840 770,582 66,390 238,394 64,336 30 18,865 – – 1,240 13,890 5,379 2,076 – 4,861 – 1,572 188,607 1,796 398 55 0 1,342
61,382
701 701
14,463 1,203 1,569
11,684 11,684 5
47,620 9,584 728 10,312
37,307
in millions
    Year ended March 31, 2020
¥1,414,439 1,324,161 1,276,770
23,167 15,130 8,847 – – 244 81,322 59,396 2 35,125 1,868 – 60
(15,130) 8,956
1,355,823 1,133,794 724,662 66,686 251,774 63,608 18 – 22,641 3,139 1,263 20,788 3,039 11,023 0 3,953 620 2,150 198,919 2,321 617 – 1 1,702
58,615
168 168
18,420 1,444 261 16,714 16,714 –
40,363
13,559 (17,980) (4,420)
              ¥
¥
44,784
  180 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥1,168,396 333,503 13,373 780 288,003 231
456,845
23,420 – 13,200 – 4,822 43,859 339,508 109,193 – 7,283 216,865 8,304 81,872
688.2%
  March 31, 2020
 ¥1,148,081
348,002
30,088
906
299,132
123
338,684
27,385
–
58,800
–
4,269
49,228
 326,916
114,413
–
6,634
194,535
8,060
87,425
 702.3%
      √(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
(B) Total amount of risks
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 181
 
 MITSUI DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Yen Items March 31, 2019
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings: ¥ 7,036
Deposits in banks 7,036 Investments in securities: 42,042 Government bonds 901 Municipal bonds 20,158 Corporate bonds 14,479 Other securities 6,503 Tangible fixed assets: 548 Buildings 46 Other tangible fixed assets 502 Intangible fixed assets: 5,076 Software 4,601 Other intangible fixed assets 475 Other assets: 6,216 Premiums receivable 0 Reinsurance accounts receivable 418 Other receivables 3,589 Accrued income 44 Income taxes receivable – Guarantee deposits 352 Suspense payments 1,811 Other assets 0
in millions
        Bad debt reserve (3)
Total assets ¥60,917
(Liabilities)
Policy liabilities: 44,995
Outstanding claims 24,432
Underwriting reserves 20,563 Other liabilities: 1,398 Reinsurance accounts payable 2 Income taxes payable 157 Unearned income – Other payables 1,211 Suspense receipts 8 Asset retirement obligations 17 Reserve for pension and retirement benefits 163 Accrued bonuses for employees 280 Reserves under the special laws: 72 Reserve for price fluctuation 72 Deferred tax liabilities 84
Total liabilities 46,994
(Net assets)
Common stock 39,106 Capital surplus: 9,006
Additional paid-in capital 9,006 Retained earnings: (34,243) Other retained earnings: (34,243) Retained earnings brought forward (34,243)
Total shareholders' equity 13,868 Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities 54 Total valuation and translation adjustments 54
Total net assets 13,923
Total liabilities and net assets ¥60,917
March 31, 2020
¥12,133 12,133 35,972
– 17,072 12,459 6,441 447 40 407 5,880 5,880 0 5,339 0 13 3,350 35 40 350 1,547 0
(4)
¥59,768
43,705 22,946 20,759
1,405 1 95 49 1,218 22 18 219 288 79 79 50
45,750
39,106 9,006 9,006
(34,083) (34,083) (34,083) 14,028
(10) (10)
14,017
            ¥59,768
  182 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Reversal of outstanding claims
Reversal of underwriting reserves
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Provision for underwriting reserves
Investment expenses:
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Provision for bad debts
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Income before taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
(prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Yen in millions Year ended March 31, 2019
¥37,612 37,559 36,663
22 363 510 32 55
(22) 19
37,227 28,235 25,123
2,811 300 –
– 8,988 2
– 2
384 – 15 6 8 8 369 131
(10) 120
¥ 249
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥15,222 13,868 72 0 1,210 3
68
– – – – – –
6,117 5,516 – 0 1,031 205 300 497.6%
  Year ended March 31, 2020
 ¥37,933
37,883
36,374
21
1,486
–
28
50
(21)
21
 37,755
27,793
24,469
2,789
337
196
–
9,957
4
1
2
 178
 –
 31
24
7
7
 146
(0)
(12)
(12)
 ¥ 159
                    March 31, 2020
 ¥15,305
14,028
79
0
1,205
2
(10)
–
–
–
–
–
–
 5,809
5,227
–
0
955
194
300
 526.9%
       √(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
(B) Total amount of risks
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 183
 
 MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Receivables under resale agreements Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Buildings
Lease assets
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Due from agencies
Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Other receivables
Prepaid expenses
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Derivative financial instruments Suspense payments
Other assets
Bad debt reserve Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
  March 31, 2020
 ¥ 196,400
0
196,400
407,722
3,757,612
2,529,779
163,827
857,138
682
166,282
39,900
63,130
63,130
4,345
476
2,472
1,396
32,841
22,321
10,519
1,996
868
45,651
33,184
2,551
7,103
391
151
494
1,774
(97)
 ¥4,510,472
    ¥
73,027 0 73,027 465,377 3,548,477 2,213,343 183,243 883,523 770 195,146 72,449 59,506 59,506 3,347 532 1,486 1,328 30,851 8,067 22,783 186 3,230 45,775 34,197 1,182 6,940 369 1,400 1,551 131
(117) ¥4,229,662
    184 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
  Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Reserve for dividends to policyholders
Due to agencies
Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Payables under repurchase agreements Payables under securities lending transactions Income taxes payable
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Unearned income
Deposits received
Derivative financial instruments
Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Suspense receipts
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities
(Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Other capital surplus
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥3,415,379 29,520 3,376,079 9,780 4,296 253 509,173 468,782 23,687 2,496 389 8,376 0 184 11 1,624 434 631 2,554 3,474 10 7,799 7,799 13,359 3,953,747
85,500 93,688 63,214 30,473 14,645
946 13,698 13,698 193,833 82,081 82,081 275,915 ¥4,229,662
  March 31, 2020
   ¥3,779,645
31,886
3,737,682
10,077
3,623
449,640
412,965
291
25,072
532
777
7,480
110
1,296
437
475
491
3,856
8,725
8,725
3,891
0
–
9
 4,249,683
 85,500
93,688
63,214
30,473
19,000
1,365
17,635
17,635
198,188
62,599
62,599
 260,788
 ¥4,510,472
           INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 185
 
 MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Yen
in millions
    Items Year ended March 31, 2019
Ordinary income: ¥579,934 Insurance premiums and others: 520,148 Insurance premiums 504,235 Reinsurance income 15,913 Investment income: 57,106 Interest and dividends income: 44,921 Interest on deposits 0 Interest and dividends on securities 43,138 Interest on loans 1,675 Other interest and dividends 106 Gains on sales of securities 12,184 Gains on redemption of securities 1 Reversal of bad debts – Other ordinary income: 2,679 Receipts of annuities with special conditions 779 Receipts of deferred insurance claims 1,436 Other ordinary income 462
Ordinary expenses: 560,410 Insurance claims and others: 223,798 Insurance claims 41,875 Annuity payments 18,339 Benefits 21,920 Surrender benefits 123,934 Other refunds 3,846 Reinsurance premiums 13,881 Provision for underwriting reserves and others: 233,692 Provision for outstanding claims 1,417 Provision for underwriting reserves 232,274 Provision for interest portion of reserve for dividends to policyholders 0 Investment expenses: 6,092 Losses on sales of securities 4,794 Losses on derivative transactions 1,235 Foreign exchange losses 8 Provision for bad debts 3 Other investment expenses 51 Operating expenses 83,244 Other ordinary expenses: 13,582 Payments of deferred insurance claims 1,453 Taxes 6,963 Depreciation 4,821
Year ended March 31, 2020
¥604,202 535,885 521,297
14,588 65,682 48,920
0 47,078 1,728 113 15,396 1,346 19 2,633 1,251 1,250 131
585,542 239,304 44,867 19,046 30,996 122,671 4,237 17,484 232,193 483 231,709 0 13,999 7,790 1,241 2 – 4,965 82,423 17,620 1,280 7,526 8,419 381 12
18,659
0 0
939 13 926 926
8,638 9,081 2,962 (1,381) 1,580
7,500
    Provision for reserve for pension and retirement benefits
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income before income taxes
Income taxes – current
Income taxes – deferred
Total income taxes Net income
¥
337 6
19,524
0 0
1,135 198 936 936
7,842 10,547 3,634
(1,055) 2,578
7,968
¥
            186 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Business Results
Amount of Policies in Force and New Policies
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
March 31, 2019
Number of policies (in thousands)
Yen in 100 millions
Amount
  March 31, 2020
 Number of policies (in thousands)
 Amount
 3,726
 ¥237,974
171
6,605
-
88,884
-
 2
  2. The amounts of group annuities represent the underwriting reserves.
3,219 ¥238,475 177 6,856 - 85,546 - 3
 Notes:1. The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence. Annualized Premiums
(1) Policies in force
Yen in 100 millions March 31, 2019
Individual insurance ¥3,897 Individual annuities 417 Total: 4,315
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc. 1,078
(2) New policies
Yen in 100 millions Year ended March 31, 2019
Individual insurance ¥508 Individual annuities 3 Total: 511
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc. 177
Notes:1. An annualized premium is the annual total of premiums that is obtained by multiplying the amount of a single payment with the number of payments per year in accordance with the premium payment method. An annualized premium for a lump-sum payment policy is the premium divided by the number of years of coverage.
2. “Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.” represents the portion of annualized premiums that corresponds to medical coverage benefits (for hospitalization, surgeries, etc.), living benefits (for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.) and premium waiver benefits (excluding those for disability, but including those for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.).
  Year ended March 31, 2019
Number of
policies Amount
(in thousands) New policies
337 ¥31,072 31,072 1 73 73
Yen in 100 millions
Net increase by conversion
-
   - - 928 928 - - - - -
1
-
-
Year ended March 31, 2020
  Number of policies (in thousands)
Amount
  60
964
-
New policies
60
964
-
Net increase by conversion
-
    319
¥20,623
20,623
-
-
-
       March 31, 2020
 ¥4,075
406
4,481
1,381
    Year ended March 31, 2020
 ¥290
2
293
192
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 187
 
 MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Business Performance
Fundamental revenues:
Insurance premiums and others
Fundamental expenses
Fundamental profit
Capital gains/(losses)
Non-recurring gains/(losses)
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income taxes
Net income
Yen in millions
  Year ended March 31, 2020
 Change
 ¥588,805
 ¥21,038
535,885
15,736
575,198
23,005
13,607
(1,966)
6,366
234
(1,313)
867
18,659
(864)
0
(0)
939
(195)
8,638
796
1,580
(997)
7,500
 (468)
  Year ended March 31, 2019 ¥567,766 520,148 552,193 15,573 6,131
(2,180) 19,524
0 1,135 7,842 2,578 7,968
    188 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total capital
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and
net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions) × 90%
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land × 85%
Excess of continued Zillmerized reserve (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Brought in capital
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥505,779 192,668 7,799 35,067 22
102,601
– 162,392 – – – – 5,227 60,145 18,220 12,950 3,136 – 46,405 1,614 1,681.8%
  March 31, 2020
 ¥492,307
193,323
8,725
38,888
3
78,249
–
168,067
–
–
–
–
5,048
 63,551
18,352
16,532
3,210
–
47,841
1,718
 1,549.3%
    Deductions
Others
(B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R8)2+(R2+R3+R7)2+R4
   Insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R8) Assumed interest rate risk (R2)
Minimum guarantee risk (R7)
Asset management risk (R3)
Business administration risk (R4)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 189
 
 MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Deposits in banks
Yen in millions
March 31, 2019
¥
Buildings 284
March 31, 2020
      288,811 288,811 42,999 1,538,286 4,683,396 14,666 2,243 86,177 2,280,077 2,300,230 Loans: 244,618
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Monetary claims bought Money trusts Investments in securities:
¥ 399,783 399,783 100,995 1,660,997 4,342,621 14,566 2,225 64,909 2,235,824 2,025,095 215,294 338 311 244,280 214,983 938 1,046
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities Other securities
Lease assets
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Lease assets
Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Other receivables
Prepaid expenses
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Derivative financial instruments Suspense payments
Deferred tax assets Total assets (Liabilities)
Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Due to agencies
Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Income taxes payable
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Deposits received
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Suspense receipts
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Total liabilities (Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
542
110 10,655 10,449 206 9,788 28,814 7,325 1,062 19,651 576 – 198 37,012 ¥6,885,323
6,555,593 20,679 6,534,913 4,040 3,936 50,443 2,187 5,397 5,417 32,189 – 818 174 4,258 76,000 76,000 6,690,014
41,060 24,735 24,735
103,435 4,554 98,881 98,881 169,230 19,669 6,408 26,077 195,308 ¥6,885,323
322 632 90 12,565 12,398 167 8,971 29,497 9,691 1,310 17,618 579 6 290 43,132 ¥6,814,907
6,463,416 19,394 6,444,021 3,581 4,997 68,587 1,396 6,156 4,986 54,136 3 881 177 849 79,500 79,500 6,620,083
41,060 24,735 24,735
117,883 5,726 112,157 112,157 183,678
(5,340) 16,486 11,145
194,823 ¥6,814,907
              190 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items Year ended March 31, 2019
Ordinary income: ¥1,342,809 Insurance premiums and others: 1,129,772 Insurance premiums 1,095,699 Reinsurance income 34,072 Investment income: 209,425 Interest and dividends income: 88,316 Interest on deposits 78 Interest and dividends on securities 79,490 Interest on loans 8,525 Other interest and dividends 222 Investment gains on money trusts 75,458 Gains on sales of securities 2,465 Gains on redemption of securities 22 Investment gains on separate accounts 43,162 Other ordinary income: 3,611 Receipts of annuities with special conditions 3,216 Reversal of outstanding claims – Reversal of underwriting reserves – Other ordinary income 395
Ordinary expenses: 1,307,221
Year ended March 31, 2020
¥1,161,038 950,922 872,119 78,803 113,966 87,232 46 78,900 8,056 228 17,881 8,542 310 – 96,149 3,354 1,284 90,891 618
1,129,577 696,196 97,940 87,549 184,780 175,752 4,118 146,055 – – – 373,891 15 528 2,256 15 313,543 74 57,457 50,304 9,184 5,811 3,366 6
31,461
–
3,500 3,500 3,500
27,961 7,963
(312) 7,650
20,310
Yen
in millions
        Insurance claims and others:
Insurance claims Annuity payments Benefits
Surrender benefits Other refunds Reinsurance premiums
Provision for underwriting reserves and others:
Provision for outstanding claims
Provision for underwriting reserves
Investment expenses:
Interest expense
Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities
Losses on redemption of securities Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Investment losses on separate accounts
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Taxes
Depreciation
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income: Extraordinary losses:
Provision for reserves under the special laws: Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income ¥
539,542 87,300 89,168
176,160 109,120 3,662 74,130 638,877 3,296 635,581 64,920 6 20 – 3 64,837 53 – 55,000 8,880 6,728 2,150 2
35,587
–
3,500 3,500 3,500
32,087
12,027 (3,245)
8,782
23,305
¥
           INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 191
 
 MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Business Results
Amount of Policies in Force and New Policies
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
March 31, 2019
Number of policies (in thousands)
Yen in 100 millions
Amount
  March 31, 2020
 Number of policies (in thousands)
 Amount
 825
 ¥42,587
386
22,553
-
-
-
 -
  765 ¥42,699 379 24,085 - -
- -
  Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves in the case of individual variable annuities) for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Yen in 100 millions
  Number of Amount policies
(in thousands)
97 ¥7,399 62 3,783 - - - -
Net increase New policies by conversion
¥7,399 - 3,783 - - - - -
Year ended March 31, 2019
      Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves at the time of enrollment in the case of individual variable annuities).
Annualized Premiums
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
Yen in 100 millions March 31, 2019
¥3,110 2,722 5,833
0
Yen in 100 millions Year ended March 31, 2019
¥ 632 634 1,266 –
  March 31, 2020
 ¥3,318
2,660
5,979
0
     Year ended March 31, 2020
 ¥ 668
310
979
–
   Notes:1. An annualized premium is the annual total of premiums that is obtained by multiplying the amount of a single payment with the number of payments per year in accordance with the premium payment method. An annualized premium for a lump-sum payment policy is the premium divided by the number of years of coverage.
2. “Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.” represents the portion of annualized premiums that corresponds to medical coverage benefits (for hospitalization, surgeries, etc.), living benefits (for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.) and premium waiver benefits (excluding those for disability, but including those for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.).
192
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
26
-
-
Year ended March 31, 2020
  Number of policies (in thousands)
Amount
  1,716
-
-
New policies
¥7,111
1,716
-
-
Net increase by conversion
-
    95
¥7,111
-
-
-
    
CEO Message Who We Are Special Report Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
        Data Section
Non-Consolidated Business Performance
Fundamental revenues:
Insurance premiums and others
Fundamental expenses
Fundamental profit/(loss)
Capital gains/(losses)
Non-recurring gains/(losses)
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income taxes
Net income
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total capital
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
General bad debt reserve
Yen in millions
  Year ended March 31, 2020
  Change
 ¥1,229,009
¥(68,217)
950,922
(178,850)
1,256,981
(52,597)
(27,972)
(15,620)
55,671
(931)
3,762
12,425
31,461
(4,126)
–
–
3,500
–
–
–
7,650
(1,131)
20,310
 (2,994)
  Year ended March 31, 2019
¥1,297,226 1,129,772 1,309,578
(12,352) 56,602
(8,662) 35,587
– 3,500 – 8,782 23,305
    March 31, 2020
 ¥546,005
179,481
79,500
80,497
–
(7,417)
–
172,286
–
–
–
–
41,657
 146,376
996
2
53,345
1,656
88,480
2,889
 746.0%
     Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/
(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions) x 90% (100% in case of negative value)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land × 85%
Excess of continued Zillmerized reserve (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Brought in capital
Yen in millions March 31, 2019
¥616,094 165,034 76,000 84,260 –
24,586
– 229,718 – – – – 36,495 149,278 752 3 56,536 2,303 87,495 2,941 825.4%
Deductions
Others
(B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R8)2+(R2+R3+R7)2+R4
   Insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R8) Assumed interest rate risk (R2)
Minimum guarantee risk (R7)
Asset management risk (R3)
Business administration risk (R4)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 193
 
 In this report, the following abbreviations appear for company names.
MS&AD, The Group MS&AD Insurance Group
MS&AD Holdings, The holding company, or the Company   MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
MSI, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
ADI, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Direct General, Mitsui Direct General Insurance   Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Aioi Life Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Primary Life Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd. MSIG Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. Aioi, Aioi Insurance Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
NDI, Nissay Dowa General Insurance Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Kirameki Life Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Aioi Life Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS Amlin MS Amlin plc
MS First Capital MS First Capital Insurance Limited
ReAssure ReAssure Group Plc
Challenger Challenger Limited
              194 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  ESG Evaluation
The MS&AD Insurance Group utilizes the assessments provided by global ESG evaluation organizations to improve its sustainability initiatives. As of July 2020, the MS&AD Insurance Group was included in the following ESG-related indices.
   CDP’s Climate A List
FTSE4Good Index Series
S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (World / Asia Pacific)
MSCI Japan
ESG Select Leaders Index*
ISS ESG Corporate Rating Prime
FTSE Blossom Japan Index
MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)*
STOXX Global ESG Leaders Index
           *The inclusion of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., in any MSCI Index and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement or promotion of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI Indexes are the exclusive property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI Index names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
Participation in Initiatives
Participation in Global Initiatives and Working to Create Shared Value with Society
   The UN Global Compact
CDP
The Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity (JBIB)
The United Nations Environment Programme - Principles for Responsible Investment Finance Initiative (UNEP FI),
the Principles for Sustainable Insurance
Natural Capital Declaration Climate Change Initiative
● Paris Pledge for Action
● Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure
(TCFD)
● Financial Principles towards the Formation of a Sustainable Society (21st Century Financial Principles)
       INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 195

 Third-Party Assurance
To improve the objectiveness and accuracy of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2020, the MS&AD Insurance Group has engaged KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd., to perform third-party assurance on the following information included in this report.
The third-party assurance process
  STEP 1
Planning
● Examination of the calculation method for the data subject to assurance and the company’s outline of business
● Formulation of assurance engagement plan based on risk assessment
STEP 2
Implementation of assurance procedures
● Implementation of a site visit and analysis of compiled data, etc.
STEP 3
Review of draft report
● Confirmation that required corrections have been completed
● Reviewing the draft report to determine whether the assured information is presented appropriately
STEP 4
Submitting
the assurance report
● Review by a reviewer not directly involved in the assurance engagement
● Submission of the assurance report
   Items subject to the assurance engagement
● CO2 emissions (P. 51、P. 53)
● Total energy consumption (P. 41、P. 51)
● Number and ratio of female managers
(P. 41、P. 51、P. 53)
● Number and ratio of global employees
(P. 51、P. 53)
● Number and ratio of employees with disabilities
(P. 80)
* Details regarding the method for calculating data can be found on our official website. www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr/data.html
 196 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 On the Issuance of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2020
Since fiscal 2015, the MS&AD Insurance Group has published the Integrated Report to provide readers with a deeper understanding of the Group’s commitment to medium- to long-term value creation. We believe the issuance of the Integrated Report offers the opportunity for constructive dialogue with many stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, investors and employees, regarding the Group’s “story of value creation.”
Under its medium-term management plan, the Group states its aim of realizing a “resilient and sustainable society” while promoting the creating
shared value (CSV) initiatives where the SDGs serve as leading marks. In fiscal 2020, we are marking the 10th anniversary of the Group’s establishment and, under a new CEO, making a variety of efforts toward the next growth stage. In the MS&AD Integrated Report 2020, we explain the key strategies and management foundation that are key to achieving sustainable growth and showcase the Group’s initiatives that are designed to support social development in collaboration with a variety of stakeholders. We have also inserted our various efforts to deal with a society that has been greatly changed due to the impact of COVID-19.
With the goal of improving the objectivity and accuracy of the Integrated Report, we have engaged the
services of a third-party assurance firm to independently verify the key non-financial data indicated since fiscal 2017. For the results of the third-party verification included in the MS&AD Integrated Report 2020, please see page 196. Moreover, as a representative of the management team, the CEO has included a signed message at the beginning of the Report. As CFO, I am responsible for the editing process and, accordingly, reiterate the importance of ensuring that the assembly process for the Integrated Report is carried out responsibly and that the content in the report is indeed accurate.
With this year’s Integrated Report, we hope to promote amicable feelings for the Group by creating an even greater understanding of it among stakeholders such as customers, shareholders, investors and employees. We continue to value dialogue with all our stakeholders, and with the aim of further improving disclosure and enhancing transparency we invite our stakeholders to share with us their frank opinions.
October 2020 Director, Senior Executive Officer, CFO
Tetsuji Higuchi
  Responsibilities for MS&AD Integrated Report 2020 Preparation
  Board of Directors
MS&AD Holdings Integrated Report Project Team
Group CFO
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept. Sustainability Section, Corporate Planning Dept.
Related departments of MS&AD Holdings & Group companies
Director in charge
MS&AD Holdings: Corporate Planning Department, Corporate Risk Management Department, Compliance Department, Accounting Department, Human Resources & General Administration Department, Documentation & Legal Department and other departments
Group companies: corporate communications departments, corporate planning departments, business departments, overseas entities and others
<Forward-Looking Statements>
  Evaluation/Feedback
Plan proposal Whole structure Content creation
Cooperation on content creation
            Contact Information
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
These materials contain future plans, strategies and earnings forecasts for MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., and Group companies. They are based on information available to MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., at the present time. Investors are advised that actual results might differ substantially from our forecasts, for various reasons. Actual performance could be adversely affected by 1) economic trends surrounding our business, 2) fierce competition within the insurance sector, 3) exchange rate fluctuations and 4) changes in tax and other regulatory systems.
This report was prepared pursuant to Article 271-25 of the Insurance Business Act and Article 210-10-2 of the Insurance Business Act Enforcement Regulations.
 (Securities code: 8725) Tokyo Sumitomo Twin Building (West Tower), 27-2,
Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0033, Japan
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept. Tel.: +81-3-5117-0311, Fax: +81-3-5117-0605 https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ir/contact.html
 
 Printed in Japan
QR-Code for access to the MS&AD Integrated Report 2020.
www.ms-ad-hd.com
