CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Our Way Our Platform Appendix Data Section
        03
A sustainable regional economy with sufficient local employment and wealth reproduction in addition to being resilient to natural disasters is essential for resilient community development. Japan promotes policies for regional revitalization based on the “Act on Overcoming Population Decline and Vitalizing the Local Economy in Japan” under this concept. After participating in the NAGANO×KANTO Regional SDGs Consortium, held as a model project by the Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry in 2018, Nagano Branch of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and InterRisk Research & Consulting have engaged in supporting the system.
 Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
 Supporting Nagano Prefecture SDG-Promoting Companies Registration System
I
was assigned to Nagano Branch in April 2018, at the time which I started to experience global trends like the flourishing of ESG investment,
institutions, commerce groups and the Prefecture helping to raise the competitiveness of companies in Nagano; and our Group undertakeing CSV initiatives using the SDGs as leading marks. In 2019, along with four financial institutions in Nagano, we received the Minister of State for the Promotion of Overcoming Population Decline and Vitalizing Local Economy in Japan Award for this initiative as “‘Signature Initiative Examples’ by Financial Institutions Contributing to Regional Revitalization.”
As of May 31, 2020, approximately 380 companies in Nagano had registered as SDG-Promoting Companies. The initiative has led to increasing opportunities for registered companies to share information with each other and to generate new business opportunities. With our support, if the program provides opportunities to recognize the SDGs and this helps to launch new businesses among local companies, we will be able to contribute to regional revitalization and see a demand for insurance that can support their business. In this way, I feel that working closely together with local people and harvesting the business achievements together is exactly CSV (creating shared value).
Advancing these kinds of initiatives and active communication will get young, talented human resources from the region to find a job in the local areas. Moreover, regional revitalization requires local companies to be more competitive and regional economies to be energized. Along with this, we will seek our growth together.
which demands long-term economic growth over short-term profits. Although this movement had yet to penetrate within SMEs, I felt that if excellent companies in Nagano study the SDGs and become vigorous leaders, the regional economy would be energized and regional revitalization would take off. At that time, I heard that the SDGs Consortium was going to be launched in Nagano, I offered my support because I certainly wanted to participate in and support this initiative. Although I initially joined as an observer, as a result of cooperating with many departments within the Group that held the same motivation as myself and actively proposing ideas at each meeting, I earned the trust of the Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nagano Prefectural Government to become a formal member.
Nagano Prefecture was considering a system to support companies tackling the SDGs and had been studying the registration requirements. Initially, the Prefecture primarily discussed business opportunities that contribute to the SDGs, but from an insurance company’s standpoint, I was able to contribute to creating the requirements for the system by pressing the need to focus on the business risks in a society that demands the SDGs. And I was able to experience the joy of creating a regional revitalization model based on the SDGs as a result of the overlapping desires of the Japanese Government to create a model for revitalizing regional economies; as well as financial
     1
Nagano SDGs Market Development Project Report Meeting in February 2020
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Nagano Branch and Second Nagano Sub-Branch Manager
Shiro Katsumata
After joining the company in 1994, he worked in the Retail Sales and Sales Planning departments, was seconded to the Cabinet Office of Japan and served in the Corporate Planning Department. He has held his current position since April 2018.
           Social issues
Falling birthrate and aging population, as well as the concentration of populations in urban areas, are accelerating the decline of regional economies
Solutions
Revitalize regional economies based on support for sustainable growth among local companies
●
● ●
Impact on society
Realization of resilient community development via job creation and strengthened regional industries
Economic impact on the Group
Expansion of opportunities to provide insurance through regional economic revitalization
Expansion of the sales market by creating regional networks
             Related SDGs  8 :Decent work and economic growth         1 1:Sustainable cities and communities
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 069