04
As we approach an era in which average life spans could reach 100 years, in addition to prolonging healthy life expectancy, extending asset longevity (the duration asset holders can live without financial restrictions) is an important part of preparing for longevity risk. Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance is actively working to increase annuity payments by enhancing the tontine system,* as well as to develop and provide tontine annuities that cover longevity risk, as a means of ensuring customers can live more fulfilling post-retirement lives.
*Based on a system that reduces benefits paid to the deceased and transfers the reduced amount to the annuities of the living, those who live longer receive a larger annuity during their lives.
  Providing tontine annuities that cover longevity risk in
 anticipation of an era in which average life spans could reach 100 years
A lthough public pensions are raised as one method for supporting prolonged post-retirement lives in anticipation of an era in
which average life spans could reach 100 years, I feel there are many cases where individuals will need to dispose of financial assets to make up for shortages in retirement funds that cannot be fully covered by public pensions. However, we cannot predict how long we will live. Therefore, many people face uncertainty (longevity risk), for example, questions over how much funding they should prepare and what pace of disposal will cause financial assets to run dry. Providing products and services that cover this kind of longevity risk is something I feel connects to putting the MS&AD Insurance Group’s value creation story into practice. We worked to develop these products in the following two stages.
First, we developed an individual annuity insurance with a new structure that addresses longevity risk. Specifically, we developed a new type of individual annuity insurance that adopts a tontine system (tontine annuity) as a structure to effectively prepare retirement funds even at low interest rates.
Next, we captured the different ways in which people spend their post-retirement lives, their value systems and their diversifying needs by expanding this tontine annuity into “ASHITA NO YOROKOBI2,” a comprehensive annuity product consisting of four courses.
Specifically, the “Amount receivable oriented course” is designed to provide a larger annuity amount, the “Pre-pension benefit/whole life death protection course” allows for the annuity to be received while securing assets to be passed on to surviving family members, the “Fulfillment at maturity course” is designed to increase the annuity capital at the end of the deferment period and the “Target course” increases via compound interest to ensure investment results without overlooking the timing. Customers can choose from among these four courses to meet their different needs for “receiving,” “increasing” or “passing on.”
Upon developing these tontine annuities, we selected product content that captures different customer needs based on exchanges of opinions between relevant parties, both from inside and outside the company, and insurance agents. Through tontine annuities, we hope that as many customers as possible achieve more fulfilling post-retirement lives.
I will continue to work toward realizing our value creation story by providing products and services for new systems that support the “good health and longevity” of customers.
  1
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Product Group, Product and Marketing Department General Manager
Masako Kohei
After joining Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (current name) in 1993, she was responsible for product development, etc., in various underwriting departments and spent two years in the Production Department. She has held her current position since April 2014.
            Social issues
Demand to address longevity risk and lifestyle diversification coinciding with longer average life spans
Solutions
Support asset formation for an era in which average life spans could reach 100 years, and provide products and services corresponding to funding needs
● ●
● ●
Impact on society
Securing financial assets and extension of asset longevity that helps provide a sense of post-retirement security
More active seniors living fulfilling post-retirement lives
Economic impact on the Group
Expansion of the sales market from providing products and services that capture diversifying needs
Greater presence in OTC bank sales
             Related SDGs 3 :Good health and well-being
070 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS