  06
“Resilient and Sustainable Society” is based on natural capital (biodiversity). The European business community, in particular, has begun expressing a sense of crisis and taking concrete action in this area; for example, “biodiversity loss and ecosystem collapse” was ranked as one of the top global risks at the Davos World Economic Forum in 2020. Since 2010, the MS&AD Insurance Group has focused on land use, which is an important aspect of the connection between business activities and natural capital, and has worked on the joint development of a method to visualize the degree of biodiversity consideration in corporate green spaces. In 2013, this concept expanded into the “Association for Business Innovation in harmony with Nature and Community® Certification System,” and we continue to be involved in its operation.
  Implementing ABINC (Association for Business Innovation in
 harmony with Nature and Community®) certification system initiative
I
have been engaged in research and consulting related to business and biodiversity since 2000. At that time, people would ask me, “what is
Under the initiative from the business world, both JBIB and ABINC serve as movements that facilitate dialogue with academic experts, environmental NPOs and other stakeholders, and by which companies and society collaborate to create guidelines for solutions to social issues through business. Although the Group also engages in consulting regarding biodiversity and has received many such consultations from corporate customers, we feel that our track record in and network for these guideline creation will contribute to relationship building that supports sustainable business activities.
I imagine that many people were healed by the green radiance of nearby forests and ripples of water in nearby ponds and rivers during the period of self-quarantine this past spring. Currently, discussions of post-COVID-19 community development are showing growing interest in green infrastructure that brings out the attractiveness of nature and its multifaceted functions. We feel that companies creating guidelines in cooperation with society is expected to become much more important in the development of communities in the future where public-private partnerships are anticipated. We will continue to evolve what we have learned from the ABINC certification system into mechanisms for promoting green infrastructure and creating new businesses that are coexisting with local nature.
*The 10th meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity held in Aichi Prefecture in 2010
biodiversity?” However, toward CBD COP10* in 2010, there was a growing interest in biodiversity in Japan. In 2008, the Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity ( JBIB), organized by voluntary companies, was established with the aim of internalizing biodiversity into corporate management. We are still involved in its management.
The government of France proposed the establishment of an ISO standard for biodiversity. However, it is necessary to provide easy-to-understand guidelines for biodiversity issues as compared to climate change, which can be evaluated solely by CO2. In 2011, the JBIB had already established guidelines and standards for corporate green spaces that take biodiversity into consideration. There were strong demands for certification using these standards, so we took part in the launch of the ABINC certification system following the establishment of the Association for Business Innovation in harmony with Nature and Community. In response to the excitement over ESG investment in the real estate field, the ABINC certification system is now recognized as a green building certification among global investors. Moreover, for the purpose of achieving the SDGs, we have also created the ABINC ADVANCE certification, which evaluates urban development projects that contribute to resolving issues through biodiversity. The first certified project is “HARUMI FLAG,” which utilizes the Olympic and Paralympic Village after the event.
   Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Surugadai Building and Surugadai
New Annex Green Spaces which have received the ABINC Certification
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc. Fellow
Makoto Haraguchi
He has held his current position since December 1996. Advisor to JBIB(Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity), Advisor, of ABINC(Association for Business Innovation in harmony with Nature and Community).
Vice Chairman.
           Social issues
In urban development, consideration for biodiversity is insufficient and the blessings of nature are not felt
Solutions
Establish an evaluation method and certification system to visualize the degree of consideration to biodiversity (coexistence with nature)
Impact on society
● Expansion of green spaces that consider biodiversity, and reinforcement of multifaceted functions of nature
● Spreading awareness of coexistence with nature in society
Economic impact on the Group
● Expansion of the network between companies, governments, universities and NPOs engaged in improving the sustainability of natural capital
● Expansion of risk consulting opportunities regarding biodiversity and natural capital
             Related SDGs 6 :Clean water and sanitation         1 1 :Sustainable cities and communities         1 5:Life on land
072 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS