CEO Message
Who We Are Special Report Our Way Our Platform Appendix Data Section
         07
The SDGs aim to realize a world in which no one is left behind from the development of society. One of the core issues in achieving SDGs is the concept of “financial inclusion,” which enables all people to access financial services. There are still many people throughout the world who are unable to have a bank account, but access to financial services would allow them to safely manage financial assets, start companies and easily expand their business. As an insurance product that is provided to the low-income group at low cost, microinsurance is expected to become more widespread because it mitigates the degree of loss for vulnerable individuals in the event of unexpected circumstances. Furthermore, microinsurance enables a person to be more financially independent.
        Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
  Providing microinsurance to support self-employed
 micro-entrepreneurs (SEMEs) in the Philippines
B PI/MS Insurance Corporation is a joint venture between Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI), one of the
largest banks in the Philippines, with which we engage closely. In 2016, BPI Direct BanKo (BanKo), a subsidiary of BPI, began providing small loans to self-employed micro-entrepreneurs. To broadly provide financial services to many people who would typically be unable to have access to bank services, BanKo launched 10 pilot branches in 2016 and expanded to 300 branches across the country in 2019.
In 2018, we proposed to BanKo to combine our microinsurance with their small loans upon receiving information about their branch network expansion and new loan product sales plan. We developed a product together with BanKo and launched loans bundled with the microinsurance product, “BanKo Secure Assist,” in November 2019. Although insurance claim amount is not large due to small premium of 75 pesos, the prompt receipt of the claim amount in the event of unexpected circumstances is very helpful for small-scale enterprises. This is because for those who run businesses as individuals, encountering personal accidents or damage to business property due to disasters can directly lead to interruption of their business’ operations and reduction of their earnings.
Upon launching this product, however, we faced many difficulties in securing product approval from the regulator and in organizing the internal process
flow. With repeated modifications aimed at simplifying and fast-tracking the process of insurance claim payment from a customer-focused perspective, we have implemented improvements to enable payment of claims within 10 days.
Although the Company has provided microinsurance for some time, we have expanded the distribution of this product by working with the bank to bundle microinsurance with loans, which makes it easy for the SEMEs to access. Roughly seven months after launching this service, as of May 31, 2020, we had already provided more than 45,000 policies, despite the impact of COVID-19.
Many SEMEs are engaged in business in the Philippines. According to a 2018 study by the Philippines Department of Trade and Industry, such enterprises account for a little under 90% of all commercial enterprises and employ a little under 30% of all workers in the country, thereby serving as a critical economic unit for the Philippines. Small loans and microinsurance support their businesses and contribute to the expansion of their business scale.
Supporting these businesses will help revitalize the economy of the Philippines, while instilling the use of financial services is expected to expand the insurance market.
 Insurance claim payments
● Accidental Death and Permanent Disablement
● Hospital Cash Assistance
● Burial Cash Assistance
● Property Cash Assistance (Fire, Earthquake, Flood,
Typhoon)  Department members prepare
“BanKo Secure Assist” forms for sending
BPI/MS Insurance Corporation BPI Retail Sales Manager
Karen R. Abila
She joined FGU Insurance, the predecessor of BPI/MS Insurance Corporation, in 1996 and was assigned to her current department in 2011. She has been involved in the microinsurance business since 2016.
     Social issues
Insurance for SEMEs is insufficient, which makes them vulnerable to business interruptions due to accidents and disasters
Solutions
Provide microinsurance by partnering with banks that offers small loans
       Related SDGs 1 :No poverty
         2 :Zero hunger
         9 :Industry, innovation and infrastructure
      ● ●
● ●
Impact on society
Strengthening the management of SEMEs
Revitalization of regional economies via the growth of SEMEs
Economic impact on the Group
Expansion of microinsurance sales
Expansion of the market via the economic growth of SEMEs
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 073