Group Vision 2030Three Focal Fields1
A Safe and Secure Remotely Connected Society New value creation using remote technology Create a society that is
affluent, safe, and secure for all with remote technology
Kawasaki’s Solutions to Social Issues
•In industrial robots, we will use automation and remote technologies to offer solutions to labor issues ranging •from worker shortages in developed countries to difficult and dangerous worksites.
In the healthcare field, we will alleviate patient burden, the increasing burden on doctors, and regional healthcare •disparities (commercialization of robotic assisted surgery systems).
Reflecting work and lifestyle diversification, we will facilitate remote work environments that enable participation
in society regardless of distance, lifestyle constraints, or health limitations as well as the use of overseas workers •and skilled workers.
We will use sophisticated and diverse transportation and energy equipment to prevent and alleviate damage from increasingly severe natural disasters and help ensure economic continuity and stability in daily life.
  Medical and Healthcare Field
  Automated PCR Testing System
Amid the ongoing pandemic, restoring the movement of people and normal functioning of society will require the expansion of infectious disease testing. Kawasaki has overcome the previous barriers to such expansion using robots and offers automated PCR testing services that realize rapid, continuous, high-volume, high-accuracy processing.
         Easy reservation and recep- tion using a smartphone or other device
Rapid, high-accuracy test
Expansion of PCR testing allows the reopening of domestic and overseas travel
hinotoriTM Surgical Robot System
In 1968, Kawasaki was the first company in Japan to develop and manufacture robots, and it has remained at the forefront of Japan’s robotics industry ever since. In 2013, we estab- lished Medicaroid Corporation, specializing in medical robots, as a joint venture with Sysmex Corporation. Medicaroid Corporation then developed the hinotoriTM surgical robot sys- tem, the first medical robot produced in Japan. Following approval by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in August 2020, the system entered clinical use and has been well received. Going
forward, we will expand the types of surgery it can be used for and roll out the product overseas as we establish technol- ogies in such areas as telesurgery.
 16 Kawasaki Report 2021
Kawasaki Report 2021 17
Realizing safety and peace of mind
Offering New Ways of Working and Living
Remote work remains an option for only a relatively small number of people. Kawasaki has partnered with Sony Group Corporation to establish a joint venture with the aim of creating a remote robot platform business. The joint venture will seek to help solve a number of social issues, from enabling remote work in the service, manufacturing, and logistics indus- tries, to eliminating the need to engage in hazardous and highly strenuous labor, to enabling the participation of those who would like to work but cannot physically go to worksites.
Remotely controlled worksite Remote operator
Disaster Response
•Reducing the burden of hazardous and highly strenuous work
 •Creating opportunities to participate in society for the many people who cannot go to worksites
 Providing a platform to connect people who are willing to work with businesses that are looking for labor
   The Kawasaki Group offers a wide array of disaster-response products, including medical service helicopters, stand-by gas turbine generators, and off-road motorcycles and four-wheelers. Furthermore, we are considering the possibilities of hospital ships that bring together our wealth of technologies, such as transportation equipment, standby generator sets, and telemedicine via robots, to contribute to relief and services for remote and islands areas hit by disasters.
   Emergency response products
Medical service helicopters
Stand-by gas turbine Off-road generators motorcycles
Off-road four-wheelers
Telemedicine
Hospital ships equipped with disaster response products and that enable telemedicine using robots
    ©Tezuka Productions
               ANSWERS
Technology supporting patients and doctors. The robotic assisted surgery revolution. (Japanese only) https://answers.khi.co.jp/ja/connected-society/20210131j-01/
  