Group Vision 2030Three Focal Fields2
Near-Future Mobility  Transforming the movement of people and freight
Create a society where
people and freight move safely, quickly, and efficiently using new forms of mobility
Kawasaki’s Solutions to Social Issues
•We will provide new solutions based on Kawasaki’s wealth of technologies necessary to the transportation chain, including those related to airplanes, helicopters, ships, rolling stock, and motorcycles. These solutions will address
•the changing face of mobility, including growth in e-commerce, sharing services, and demand for personal mobility.
Addressing the increasingly severe issues related to labor shortages and worsening working conditions caused by
growing logistics volumes, we will offer new systems that combine transportation equipment with robotics and •remote technologies.
We will offer solutions leveraging transportation systems that combine land and air transport to address such issues as time lost in transport due to higher traffic congestion because of economic development and disruptions caused by increasingly serious natural disasters.
Logistics Solutions
VTOL Drones
The Kawasaki Group is a leading manufacturer in the Japanese aerospace industry, with an extensive track record in the manufacture of helicopters for the defense and commercial sectors as well as wide-ranging knowledge about such topics as air traffic control. Drawing on this technological prowess and expertise, we are developing VTOL* high-speed delivery helicopter drones with the aim of revolutionizing the last mile problem in logistics. We plan to carry out test flights within 2021.
  Social Implementation
  Working toward the Social Implementation of Near-Future Mobility
•Building strategic partnerships in logistics from fiscal 2022 with the aim of achieving social implementation in •regional cities, commercial facilities, hospitals, etc.
Participating in moves towards deregulation and institutional development with regard to remote and autono- mous mobility.
 Super City Using Near-Future Mobility
Airport logistics automation
*VTOL: Vertical take-off and landing aircraft
         Autonomous mobility (air)
Autonomous mobility (land)
      Logistics base automation
       Regional MaaS
Increased sophistication and system linkage of logistics bases
Kawasaki Group Channel on YouTube
Kawasaki Heavy Industries: Revolutionizing Air Transportation with VTOL Drones https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=Dgs79EmjoJY
  Delivery Robots
   Autonomous mobility for disaster response
We aim to revolutionize the last mile in transportation using delivery robots that combine our robotics technologies with the driving technologies of our off-road four-wheelers. Automatically recognizes and avoids obstacles
   Autonomous mobility (sea)
Drives fast where safe
Supports comfortable living
Enables communication
     18 Kawasaki Report 2021
Kawasaki Report 2021 19