Group Vision 2030Three Focal Fields3
Energy and Environmental Solutions Working toward the stable generation of clean energy Quickly achieve
a stably powered, carbon-neutral society at low cost
Kawasaki’s Solutions to Social Issues
•We will provide decarbonization and electrification solutions that leverage our wide-ranging technologies •and energy and transportation systems to address global warming.
Building on our track record (e.g., liquefied hydrogen tanks and liquefied hydrogen containers at the JAXA Tanegashima Space Center) and pioneering technological development of a CO2-free hydrogen supply chain (production, transportation, storage, and utilization), we will coordinate with rapidly advancing hydrogen proj-
•ects around the world to improve costs and transportation volumes, helping realize a carbon-neutral society.
With the global advance of transportation electrification and electricity supply infrastructure develop- ment, we will lead the shift to electric and hybrid technologies in motorcycles and other transportation equipment and systems, helping realize a carbon-neutral society.
 Developing a Hydrogen Supply Chain
 Steps Toward Expanding Hydrogen Use and Transport Volumes
Hydrogen-related businesses are increasingly being looked at as powerful potential tools in eliminating carbon emissions. The Kawasaki Group has been advancing R&D in this area for a decade, working to produce hydrogen cheaply and develop a hydro- gen supply chain. Scaling up our current technology demonstrations, we expect to realize a commercial demonstration supply of approximately 28,000 tons per year in 2025 and a commercial supply of approximately 225,000 tons per year by 2030.
Commercialization
Supply volume
225,000 t/y
Expansion in Hydrogen Use
Several projects related to the use of hydro- gen are currently in progress at Kawasaki. •Development of hydrogen gas engines in •the marine sector
Participation in the development of •hydrogen-powered aircraft
Leading the development of liquefied hydrogen fuel tanks, hydrogen fuel supply systems and other core technologies
In light of the expected expansion in the use of hydrogen across industrial fields, we have established the Hydrogen Strategy Division within the Head Office to coordi- nate our hydrogen-related businesses and advance a wide range of initiatives leverag- ing Group technologies.
ANSWERS
Realizing a Carbon-Neutral Society: The Global Acceleration of Hydrogen Energy Development (Japanese only) https://answers.khi.co.jp/ja/energy-environment/20210731-j02/
   Liquefied hydrogen supply chain
Energy Solution & Marine Engineering Company
Hydrogen power generation
Hydrogen valves
Precision Machinery & Robot Company
HQ Hydrogen Strategy Division
Fuel cell rolling stock
Kawasaki Railcar Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Hydrogen vehicles
Kawasaki Motors, Ltd.
     Production
Hydrogen production and liquefaction
Transportation Liquefied hydrogen carrier
Technology demonstration
Scale
Commercial demonstration
Supply volume
28,000 t/y
(provisional value)
Further Development of Hydrogen-Related Products and Businesses
                   Hydrogen jet engines Aerospace Systems Company
 Storage Liquefied hydrogen tank
Utilization
Hydrogen power generation and mobility
2025
         Carbon Recycling
20 Kawasaki Report 2021
Kawasaki Report 2021 21
2020 up 2030
Electrification
Reducing CO2 Emissions through Product-Based Contributions
   Kawasaki promotes the separation, capture, utilization, and storage of CO2 emitted by power stations and manufacturing plants. We are building a pilot-scale test facility at Kansai Electric Power’s Maizuru Power Station, where we will begin demonstration testing of CO2 capture in fiscal 2022.
In light of the changing social environment, Kawasaki will accelerate the shift to electric and hybrid technologies in its transporta- tion equipment and systems while reinforc- ing coordination within the industry.
More than 90% of the CO2 emitted during the life cycles of our products is released during post-sale product use. To promote the reduction of CO2 emissions during product use, since 2014 we have operated the Kawasaki-brand Green Products system, an ISO 14021-compliant internal system for certifying environmentally friendly products. Products that meet our proprietary standards related to boosting the environmental performance of the products themselves and reducing the envi- ronmental impact caused by associated manufacturing processes are registered under the system.
As of the end of fiscal 2020, the number of registered Kawasaki-brand Green Products stood at 61. We have also established rules for calculating CO2 emissions reductions through product-based contributions in order to quantify the contribu- tions of such products to the mitigation of global warming.* Calculations based on these rules showed that Kawasaki products sold in fiscal 2020 (mainly Kawasaki- brand Green Products) reduced CO2 emissions by about 24.0 million tons.
*For details about calculation rules, please refer to p. 67.
Transportation 2.5
Aerospace Systems 2.7
 Reduction of CO2 emissions through product-based contributions by business (million t-CO2)
24.0 million t-CO2
(fiscal 2020)
   5.3
Precision Machinery & Robot
13.4 Energy System & Plant Engineering
Group Vision 2030
  Promoting Environmental Management
Kawasaki established the Kawasaki Global Environmental Vision 2050 in 2017. To achieve this vision, we advance concrete initiatives according to environmental management activities plans formulated every three years. An over- view of the 10th plan (fiscal 2019–2021) and progress in fiscal 2020 is shown below.
Disclosure in Line with the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
Strategy
Based on the 2°C scenario and 4°C scenario of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and related scenarios (from the International Energy Agency and elsewhere), Kawasaki has conducted scenario analyses of its industrial plant business, with a target year of 2030. Going forward, looking at the entirety of the Group’s businesses, we will advance further analyses of businesses likely to be highly impacted by climate change and study the financial impact on them in quantitative terms.
    Kawasaki Global Environmental Vision 2050
10th Environmental Management Activities Plan
   Waste processing
2°C scenario
4°C scenario Fossil fuels
•Steps toward the widespread adoption of hydrogen will advance and its production cost will decrease (focus on hydrogen carriers using methods of transportation and storage other than liquefaction, such as using organ-
•ic hydrides or ammonia)
Demand for CO2 capture (such as Kawasaki CO2 Capture, “KCC”) for power generation and other industries will growHydrogen and CO2 capture  Kawasaki’s response
We determined that Kawasaki’s businesses will be resilient, based on the countermeasures shown in the diagram below.CO2 FREE
Waste FREE
Harm FREE
•Aim for zero CO2 emissions in business activities
(FY2019–FY2021 plan)
Reduce CO2 emissions per unit of net sales by 20% from the fiscal 2013 level (FY2021 target)
Target CO2 emissions per unit of net sales: 233 t-CO2/billion yen (FY2019– FY2021 average)
Maintain ratio of direct-to-landfill waste to total waste generation at less than 1% (non-consolidated)
Reduce environmental risk while operating factories with respect for biodiversity
Progress (FY2020)
226t-CO2/billion yen
•Promoted the use of renewable ener-
gy (installed solar power generation facilities produced by Kyocera and Century Tokyo Leasing at the Seishin Works)
•Landfill disposal rate of 0.4% •Confirmed water resource risks
•Maintained proper management of •harmful chemical substances
Properly manage green spaces at plants, etc.
•Waste incineration and waste-to-energy power demand will not decrease •Future regulatory tightening could limit CO2 emissions from waste incineration
•
main power source in 2030 (after 2030, LNG demand may also fall)
Vision of the Future (2°C Scenario) and Countermeasures
•Waste incineration and waste-to-energy power demand will not decrease
•
levels
Hydrogen and CO2 capture will not be
widely adopted
While it will take more time to recoup invest- ment in hydrogen and CO2 capture, Kawasaki will be able to maintain business continuity based on its current technology portfolio.
•Provide products and services that greatly curb CO2 emissions
 •Aim for zero waste emissions in busi- •ness activities
Thoroughly enforce conservation and the recycling of water resources
•Aim for zero harmful chemical sub- •stance emissions in business activities
Develop business with respect for biodiversity
•
Coal and gasoline demand will fall, but liquefied natural gas (LNG) will be a
Fossil fuel demand will remain at current *For details about environmental management, please refer to the Kawasaki Environmental Report 2021.
The Kawasaki Group’s Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
2030          The Kawasaki Group is studying measures to reduce CO2 emissions from its business processes. We plan to announce our CO2 emission reductions target for 2030 at a later date.
KCC1
(under development)
2021 (now)
Waste processing
Zero-Emission Plant
Waste-to-energy power generation
Renewable energy
Hydrogen use
Kawasaki Advanced Stoker System
Waste pit and gas burner
KCC1
Hydrogen liquefaction systems and tanks
Hydrogen and CO2 capture
       Reducing CO2 emissions at Group plants
Heat
Onsite power generation facilities (hydrogen power generation)
Hydrogen and CO2 capture
Hydrogen liquefaction systems and tanks
Business continuity
Gas duct Cement plant CKK2
      Waste processing
      Electricity
Kawasaki Advanced Stoker System
Waste pit and gas burner
Gas duct Cement plant CKK2
GTG3
Fossil fuels
GTG3
Gas reforming plant
      LNG tanks
Material handling systems (stackers, reclaimers, FDCs4)
Ash treatment facilities for coal-fired thermal power
Fossil fuels
Businesses shrink
Fossil fuels
GTG3
LNG tanks
Material handling systems
4 (stackers, reclaimers, FDCs )
Ash treatment facilities for coal-fired thermal power
         1. Kawasaki CO2 Capture 2. Conch Kawasaki Kiln system 3. Gas to gasoline plant 4. Flow dynamics conveyors
      22 Kawasaki Report 2021
Kawasaki Report 2021 23