 for VALUE CHAIN
          Economic Reports
Customer-centered Approach and
Collaboration with Suppliers
The Pacific Industrial Group endeavors to deliver products and services that satisfy our customers, while building strong partnerships with business partners aiming at co-existence and co-prosperity based on mutual trust.
Aiming to Become a No.1 Manufacturer by “Manufacturing with Persistency”
Joint training session and part of the improved process
Customers First, Quality First
We uphold Jikotei Kanketsu (defect-free process completion) as our basic principle to ensure that no defects are passed along to the next process and that our customers are satisfied with our products. To establish a quality assurance system that meets global standards, quality is built into all processes starting with the preliminary design and production stage.
In FY2019, each business division conducted an SSA (Smart Standard Activity: Activities to optimize quality and performance standards) to optimize quality standards, recognizing the gap between the needs of customers (end users) and the value provided. In May 2020, the SSA Promotion Award was given from Toyota Motor Corporation’s Kinuura Plant in recognition of the achievements of the forming department, which provided an overwhelming number of proposals.
In addition, all our offices and plants in Japan obtained certification for ISO 9001, an international standard on quality management systems, strengthening our quality assurance system consistently applied throughout all stages from development to production.
We recognize that human resource development is the very foundation of manufacturing. We are committed to passing on our manufacturing DNA and achieving cost reductions for further evolution. We base our manufacturing practices on the Toyota Production System, and take the “go and see for yourself” approach to implement Kaizen (improvement) initiatives at all production bases in and outside Japan.
In the activities of the Toyota Production System Voluntary Study Group, improvement activities were conducted through each process for oil pans, one of our main production items. In this activity, we promoted cost reduction through thorough labor saving and quality improvement, and built a line of fewer employees that can be adaptable for future production fluctuation.
Enhancing Customer Satisfaction
We make continuous improvements based on the information collected by our Sales Dept. and Quality Dept. from our customers, and enhance customer satisfaction so that we can meet the expectations and needs of our customers. We also hold technology exhibitions and give technical presentations in and outside Japan to introduce our new products, technologies and methods to our customers.
TOPICS
Selected as New Global Niche Top Company
In recognition of our large share in the tire valve, we were selected for 2020 Global Niche Top Companies Selection 100 by Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), which awards companies highly competitive in the global market. Our tire valves account for approximately half of the global market, and we are able to mass produce high-quality products through a quality assurance system that can be used in integrated in-house production lines, from development, design and evaluation to production and inspection. In 2018, we integrated Schrader, which used to compete for the market share, to solidify our leading global market shares.
| Highly relevant SDGs |
    Tire valves with a large global share
 27 Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2020
Major members of forming and stamping that won SSA Promotion Award
  | Together with Our Customers | https://www.pacific-ind.co.jp/csr/relation/guest/
Awards received from overseas customers
Pacific Industries Europe NV/SA
TD Deutsche Klimakompressor GmbH FY2019 BEST COMPRESSOR PART SUPPLIER (March 2020)
| Together with Our Business Partners | https://www.pacific-ind.co.jp/csr/relation/customer/
 WEB
  TOPICS
      Belgium France
Schrader SAS
Volvo Cars Quality Excellence (VQE) Award (March 2020)
South Korea Thailand
Taiwan
Pacific Valve Industrial Co., Ltd.
General Motors
Supplier Quality Excellence Award 2019 (June 2020)
Pacific Valve (Taiwan) Co., Ltd.
General Motors
Kuozui Motors Excellence in SSA Promotion Award
(April 2020)
Schrader-Bridgeport International, Inc.
American Honda Motor Supplier Performance Award (June 2020)
General Motors The U.S. Supplier Quality Excellence Award 2019 (June 2020)
         Pacific Industries (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
DAIHATSU ASIA TRADING (THAILAND)
Cost Performance Award 2019 (June 2020)
For Fair Business Practices
  We aim to achieve long-term co-existence and co-prosperity based good partnership in compliance with “the Guidelines on the Promotion of Appropriate Subcontracting Transactions” formulated by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, to grow with our business partners and ensure smooth implementation of our operations. Our views are set out in the “Basic
Purchasing Policies,” which are available in the “Purchasing Information” section on our website.
 We also hold company policy briefing sessions to our principal business partners biannually to share and discuss our policies, operational targets, and issues. We have introduced an evaluation system for our principal business partners, and recognize suppliers that demonstrated outstanding performance by presenting them with awards once a year in our effort to strengthen our partnership with the suppliers.
In recognition of these efforts, we were chosen by the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry as one of the “Twenty Cases of Co-existence and Co-prosperity Initiatives by Local SMEs and Large Enterprises!” in July 2020.
Activities of the Pacific Glocal Association
The Pacific Glocal Association, consisting of our 36 principal business partners, was formed with the aim of building relationships of mutual trust, strengthening the management foundation and enhancing manufacturing capabilities. The company and the association jointly host a variety of events and programs including plant tours, safety and quality improvement activities and study groups. In FY2019, we held a lecture meeting on cyber security countermeasures with 28 people from our business partners and 27 employees of the company to increase the level of knowledge of each company about security measures based on criminal cases. In addition, participants visited the Study Hall and learned about safety and quality efforts.
As for countermeasures against COVID-19, we are working to disseminate information on support, such as government subsidies and grants in addition to sharing various measures.
Awarding our business partners
 CSR Procurement
In its effort to promote CSR throughout its supply chain, we continually undertake initiatives based on its Supplier CSR Guideline.
We conduct environmental substance investigations on deliveries from our suppliers using the JAMA/JAPIA Standard Material Datasheet. To investigate conflict materials, we trace back to the very end of the supply chain using a special survey form. We have also issued the Green Procurement Guidelines to promote practices for procurement of environmentally friendly technologies and products.
Our policies and initiatives to address the global issues of
human rights and child labor are summarized in our Supplier CSR Guideline.
In order to meet further social
demands in the future, we will fulfill our
corporate social responsibilities together
with our business partners by adding
clauses about responsible procurement of
resources and raw materials,
conservation of water resources, and
information security to our Supplier CSR
Guideline. Green Procurement Guidelines
Lecture meeting on cyber security countermeasures
 Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2020 28