Social Contribution Activities
The Pacific Industrial Group endeavors to work with society for co-prosperity as a good corporate citizen, with the goal of becoming a “True Glocal Enterprise” trusted and counted on by communities and society. We promote activities rooted in the countries and communities that realize a prosperous society and contribute to sustainable development.
| Highly relevant SDGs |
Nurturing the Next Generation
We undertake initiatives to support children, students and researchers who shoulder the responsibility of the next generation.
  Summer Science Class
We held a science class for elementary school students in the community with our employees acting as instructors. Students learned about the mechanism of power generation and experienced wind power generation using a propeller made of plastic bottles and ran car models.
Plant Tours
Higashi Ogaki Plant: Inviting elementary school students for a plant tour
We held plant tours for elementary school to high school students living in the communities at sites in Japan. We also designed our tours so that the students could be able to be more familiar with manufacturing and cars.
Global Environment Juku of Gifu
In collaboration with residents, industry, government, and academia, our employees give lectures on environmental issues to local elementary school students and their parents. We explained what we can do to prevent global warming and our forest activities in Pacific Satoyama Woodland.
Overseas Efforts to Support the Next Generation
A volunteer club of Pacific Industrial has visited and made donations to an orphanage in Cambodia since 2017, and helped conditioning of farmland and other activities to support independence of the children.
Contribution to Local Communities
The OGAWA Science and Technology Foundation
Established by the late Soichi Ogawa, the company founder, The OGAWA Science and Technology Foundation awards grants to researchers in universities, technical colleges, high schools, and other institutions in Gifu Prefecture each year to contribute to the promotion of science and technology and the development of local industries.
In FY2019, the foundation provided grants totaling 13.05 million yen to 22 research projects. (187.47 million yen in cumulative total)
   31 Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2020
President explaining to Governor Furuta at the presentation ceremony
Letter of appreciation was given from Governor Furuta
  WEB
 We will contribute to SDGs as the secretariat of the Gifu Prefecture Branch of the Organization for Industrial, Spiritual and Cultural Advancement-International (OISCA).
We have been participating for many years in the activities of OISCA, a public interest incorporated foundation that mainly engages in rural development and environmental conservation activities. Since 2016, the President of the company has served as Chairman of the Gifu Prefecture Branch, and last November we held an exchange event with the Children’s Forest Goodwill Ambassadors from Indonesia and Thailand.Since May 2020, we
have taken over the secretariat of the Gifu Prefecture Branch, and will promote activities that can contribute to SDGs in the future.
 Exchanges with four Children’s Forest Goodwill Ambassadors 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
11.0622.1121.6512.2320.20 | Social Contribution Activities | https://www.pacific-ind.co.jp/csr/social/
Supporting Sports Promotion
Soft Tennis Teams
Pacific Industrial Soft Tennis Teams (Both men’s and women’s) are registered with the Japan Corporate Team League, the top league, and actively playing games in national competitions. In addition, we are striving to promote sports by volunteering to provide training to local elementary and junior high school students.
We provide support with the aim of stimulating regional development and fostering young people.
Ogaki Minamo Softball Club
Ogaki Minamo Softball Club is operated by 11 supporting companies including our company and local governments, and belongs to the Japan Women’s Softball League Organization. In addition, the President has been the Chairman of the “Ogaki Minamo Softball Club Support Association” since its establishment, and is making efforts to strengthen and develop the club.
     Social Contribution Activities in Overseas Countries
 Thailand PIT
Donated an ambulance with a local partner to commemorate the 30th anniversary of PIT founding
Donated stationery and sport goods to neighboring Employees and their families, 110 in total, planted 10 elementary schools 300 mangrove trees
Donation Activities
We make donations to support reconstruction and activities that contribute to the local community, including donations to areas affected by typhoons and floods, as well as anniversary projects
for local high schools and universities. We also make donations to local governments.
Made monetary donation to stricken areas of Typhoon Hagibis
(Miyagi Prefecture)
(Fiscal year; millions of yen)
South Korea PAC
Made donations and provided daily necessities to children fighting serious diseases and children from disadvantaged families
China TPA
Donated 10 meal warming equipment carts to local elementary and junior high school students
South Korea PVI
Volunteer activities once every three months (cleaning of care facilities for elderly people and welfare facilities for persons with disability, mural volunteer activities, etc.)
U.S. PMO
Blood donation volunteer every three months
       Donation*Pacific Industrial
Pacific Industrial Co.,Ltd. Sustainability report 2020 32