Passion for PROSPERITY
To ensure that all human beings can enjoy prosperous and fulfilling lives and that economic, social and technological progress occurs in harmony with nature
  The Role of Daiwa Securities Group in the Investment Chain
   Disseminating information
Investment chainProviding financial products and solutions
Asset administration
Asset management
Corporate supportRetail Division
Investment DivisionAsset Management DivisionWholesale Division (GM)
Wholesale Division (GIB)
Asset holders
Individual Household
Asset investment destination
CompaniesGM: Global Markets, GIB: Global Investment Banking
Daiwa Securities Group believes contributing to the sustainable development of society requires it to lead the investment chain to ensure an improved and balanced flow of funds, from investor asset formation to corporate action support. We also believe that fulfilling our mission and growing with society while maintaining healthy earnings requires us to form a strong relationship of trust with all our stakeholders.
Improving the sophistication of the investment chain
Examples of Creating Social Value
   Example
Providing Financial Products and Solutions
1Building a customer-oriented sales system
Division Strategies (Retail Division) Page 48
Provision of Quality Service to Customers Management Systems, pages 98-99 CSR Report, page 19
Basic Policy on Customer-oriented Operations (Daiwa Securities)* http://www.daiwa.jp/policy/fiduciary.html
Efforts to Realize Customer-oriented Operations (Daiwa Securities)* http://www.daiwa.jp/policy/fiduciary_example.html * Websites written only in Japanese
24 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018
Passion for PROSPERITY
    The solutions business Offering wrap account services that meet the needs of our diversifying and increasingly sophisticated individual and corporate customers
   We are promoting the development of wrap account services in line with the ideal of meeting all the varied needs of our customers, whatever their life stage.
Our wrap account services are based on investment discretionary contracts and include our suggestions for optimal portfolio performance according to each customers’ basic policy and risk tolerance. Following the 2004 establishment of Daiwa SMA, we introduced Daiwa Fund Wrap in 2007 and have remained focused on improving quality while continually improving services and expanding the product lineup. Thanks to these continuous efforts and favorable support from our customers, the outstanding balance in wrap services exceeded ¥2 trillion in April 2018.
We introduced Daiwa Fund Wrap Premium in 2016, which includes inheritance-related services in line with the large inheritance era in which we are seeing an increase in customers’ needs for inheritance preparation. These services include inheritance beneficiary designation services and an annual gift service, which converts some assets to cash which is then given to pre-designated family members. We also introduced Daiwa
The Daiwa Securities Equity Research Department provides investment information and ideas to institutional investors. We are enhancing our ability to provide ESG-related information by bolstering our organizational structure, including through the placement of multiple staff members in this field.
Daiwa Institute of Research is responsible for the Group’s think tank activities and under this function is committed to disseminating a wide range of information related to the capital markets and the real economy, providing policy advice, and disseminating ESG-related information.
Takashi Mamiya
Managing Director
Wrap and Fund Business Dept. Daiwa Securities
Fund Wrap Online, which allows asset accumulation from ¥10,000 per month in order to meet the growing need for asset formation among our customers.
With the goal of meeting the more diversified and sophisticated needs of our customers, including corporate customers, we introduced Daiwa Advance Wrap in March 2018. This product combines Core Investment, which focuses on stable and long-term asset formation using flexible international diversified investment, and Satellite Investment, which is based on the customer’s preferences. We will continue to evolve our wrap account services to become our customers’ first choice and their best partner.
  Example
Disseminating Information
2
    Daiwa Securities Equity Research Department report
April 2018
Renewable energy chosen voluntarily by consumers
Daiwa Institute of Research Research Quarterly Review Vol. 28 Fall 2017
Special Issue: Pressure to Tackle ESG Issues
Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 25
 SDGs Feature

Passion for PROSPERITY Example
Asset Administration and Asset Management
3
On September 26, 2017, three ESG-related ETFs set up by Daiwa Asset Management were simultaneously listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The first ETFs in Japan focusing on ESG are designed to track the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index, the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index, and the FTSE Blossom Japan Index, the three indexes in which the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) is conducting passive investment operations.
Use of these ETFs allows not only institutional investors, but also individual investors to make equity investments based on ESG assessments.
  Daiwa Asset Management
A customer-oriented business conduct policy and examples of initiatives for customer-oriented business conduct*
http://www.daiwa-am.co.jp/company/profile/service_policy.html * Website written only in Japanese
 Example
Corporate Support
4
The Fund Ecosystem Concept
Daiwa Securities Group is focused on strengthening its efforts in open innovation.
In one example, we are making further use of Daiwa Innovation Network, a business matching event for large corporations and venture firms that focuses on discovering and nurturing new businesses and industries.
In addition to Daiwa PI Partners and Daiwa Corporate Investment, the Group provides risk money through external venture capital funds such as DG Daiwa Ventures (established in 2016 as a joint venture with Digital Garage), and funds managed by WiL, LLC, showing its commitment to building and strengthening the Daiwa Fund Ecosystem that provides investment opportunities and supports the cycle of corporate growth.
Conceptual Diagram of Daiwa Fund Ecosystem
 Key investments made by venture capital funds managed by WiL, LLC
Raksul Inc.: Listed May 31, 2018 Mercari, Inc.: Listed June 19, 2018
Investors
26 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018