Passion for PEOPLE
1. Daiwa Securities Group's Job Satisfaction Innovation
Customer-oriented Operations are the foundation for achieving the industry’s highest quality. We believe that elevating customer satisfaction, however, is only possible when employees are highly motivated.
Daiwa Securities Group has upheld the concept of delivering the industry's highest quality as our primary management theme since April 2017. Since this time, we have worked to introduce Q-Road, a newly established education program designed to train young employees, and to introduce CQ1* meetings, which aim to enhance quality.
Further raising productivity as we move forward is enabling us to undertake the challenge of operations with high added value, improve work-life balance, and produce significant results through business reform. Likewise, we are working to evolve the Working Style Innovation we have undertaken thus far into Job Satisfaction Innovation, thereby creating a stronger positive cycle of customer satisfaction and employee satisfaction.
  Impact Investment initiatives
Supporting the success of female employees
To end poverty and hunger, in all their forms and dimensions, and to ensure that all human beings can fulfil their potential in dignity and equality and in a healthy environment
 * Clients first, Quality No.1
Initiatives Aimed at Enhancing Employee Satisfaction
  “Customer-first” Initiatives
1998-
2008-
2009-
2017-
“Working Style” Innovation
2005-
2007-
2008-
2015-
2017-
FY2018
“Job Satisfaction” Innovation
Improve employee satisfaction
Monitoring indicator: Employee satisfaction survey
   A robust business structure
“Passion for the Best” 2020
Knowledge
Skills & Techniques
DNA acquired over the 116 years since our founding   Initiatives for SDGs
Innovation initiatives
Productivity improvement
    Facing the challenge of operations with high added value
Contributing to customers and societyMindsets
 Corporate principle formulation (including “Building trust”)
  Began efforts to leave work by 7pm
 Work-life balance promotionBegan full-scale initiatives to promote better health
 Transition to a sales policy that focuses on the net increase in customer assets
  Sales promotion system reforms
Announcement of the Basic Policy on Customer-oriented Operations
Supporting the success of veteran employees (removed upper age limit for sales staff, etc.)
  Established Work-life Balance Committee, Takashi Hibino (Chairman of the Board) and Seiji Nakata (CEO) serve as co-chairmen
 Hold CQ1 Meetings (Quality No. 1 Meetings to instill the concept of customer-first)
Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 27SDGs Feature
 From “Working Style” Innovation to “Job Satisfaction” Innovation
        Employees’ productivity No.1 We will develop human resources who are able
to provide solutions that add high value through Quality No.1 with a high-level of integrity and expertise
We will engage in the improvement of productivity through increased work efficiency, and establish an environment that generates time for creating innovative results
Quality No. 1 Employees’ participation No.1
Development of professional human resources with the proper knowledge, skill & techniques and mindset
Establishment of an environment where employees can continue to work vibrantly from junior personnel to veterans
Employees’ job satisfaction No.1 Establishment of the best workplace
environment enabling each employee to feel satisfaction and joy in their work, and face challenges while exhibiting their full potential
Realization of a high level of work-life balance to enable participation by diverse human resources
 Productivity KPI
 CFP & securities analysts Holders of high-level qualifications Global personnel and IT personnel
Work efficiency index
 Participation KPI
 Progress of Q-Road and DBP*1 Targets related to encouraging women to succeed*2
State of self-improvement by veteran employees*3
 Job Satisfaction KPI
 Employee satisfaction survey
*1 Daiwa Basic Program
*2 Percentage of women in management positions, percentage of women hired, percentage of women receiving training, percentage of men taking childcare leave,
percentage of people taking annual leave
*3 Number of recipients of ASP (Advanced Skill-building Program) lectures
2. Education and Training System
Training for Young Employees
Daiwa Securities Group defines the first two years after new employees who have recently graduated from university and have entered the Company as the period of basic education for becoming professionals. During this period, new hires attend the Daiwa Basic Program, which we have greatly expanded in terms of content since FY2015. This program includes a set of predefined items and benchmarks that must be mastered, and trains new graduate hires by combining group training, OJT, e-learning, and support for acquiring qualifications in an organic manner. Moreover, in FY2017 we introduced the Q-Road education program for employees in their third to fifth years of employment. This program has evolved to enhance the knowledge, skills and techniques, and mindsets required to achieve the industry's highest quality, and specifies high-level goals to be achieved by the fifth year of employment, thereby encouraging the growth of employees.
Skill Training
Daiwa Securities Group provides skill training as an opportunity to acquire the skills and expertise required for employees to enhance the skills and techniques that they themselves desire to strengthen. In FY2017, we expanded the e-learning options to establish a system that is better able to address the motivation for self-improvement among our employees than before.
  Locating a Baby Salon at the Training Center
Starting with the training programs held during the first half of FY2018, we decided to locate a Baby Salon (short-term child care facility) at the training center to provide an environment that allows employees currently raising children to more easily participate in training. By enabling employees to entrust their preschool age children to the Baby Salon during training periods and to stay overnight with their children in the same room when necessary, we have taken into consideration the ability of employees, regardless of gender, to participate in training free from worry.
28 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018

Passion for PEOPLE
 Since FY2015, the Group has offered ASP (Advanced Skill-building Program), a training program designed to continuously enhance the skill level of employees aged 45 and over. Moreover, we introduced the License Certification System, which provides favorable treatment to employees continuously engaged in enhancing their skills. Over the three years since these programs were introduced, approximately 1,500 employees, 60% of our employees aged 45 and over, have participated in the more than 15,000 seminars offered by these programs.
The Group is expanding the following systems for the purpose of training globally minded employees and promoting the mastering of management skills unrivaled throughout the world.
3. Employee Support Systems
Until now, Daiwa Securities Group has worked to create an environment in which all employees can succeed, particularly young employees, female employees, and veteran employees, and has actively improved various programs and made investments in human resource development. As a result of these activities, for four consecutive years we have received the honor of being listed as a Health & Productivity Stock and a Nadeshiko Brand Stock, both organized jointly by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Of all of the companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, only four have successfully received both honors four years in a row.
Encouraging Women to Succeed
Daiwa Securities Group proactively appoints talented human resources regardless of gender. We are trying to appeal more to women’s individual interests by introducing thriving female employees in internal publications, in order to increase the number of women in management positions. A career consultation service has been set up on the Group’s internal Initiatives for WLB website. Female executives as well as heads of each department, office, and branch give advice on the concerns and inquiries of female employees.
There are a total of seven women in top management positions across the Group, including two female executives (director and corporate executive officer) at Daiwa Securities Group Inc. The number of women in management positions has increased every year, totaling 424 women at Group companies as of March 31, 2018. The ratio of women in management positions has risen from 2.2% (at the end of FY2004) to 9.4% for the Group, and from 2.3% to 11.6% for Daiwa Securities.
By increasing the number of role models, we are making it easier for the Group's female staff to envision their career path. In this context, there has been a sharp increase in female employees aspiring to advance their careers by switching to career-track and regional career-track positions in recent years. To date, more than 1,200 female employees have converted to career-track positions. An increasing number of employees have also taken advantage of our Professional Return Plan, a system for re-hiring employees who left work to raise children or care for family members, starting them at the same level of compensation as when they left. The scope of this system was expanded in FY2015. This has helped us secure talented personnel who support operations. Starting in FY2014, the Group launched the female employee career support training initiative (Daiwa Woman’s Forum) helping women to build networks among themselves.
 International MBA Study Abroad Program Global Expert Course Global Trainee Course International Business School Attendance
 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 29
 SDGs Feature

 We will continue to increase the number of female managers, aiming to develop female leaders who will drive the future of Japan’s financial industry.
The Group has a proven track record of implementing a wide range of initiatives that help female employees reach their full potential. Daiwa Securities has also clarified its objectives through to FY2020. In this manner, positive steps are being taken to provide an environment in which employees with diverse values can maximize their capabilities.
Introduction of a Student Loan Repayment Support System
Currently, approximately one third of university and graduate students in Japan rely on student loans, making the burden of repayment a challenge for society. In August 2018, Daiwa Securities Group introduced a system to help our employees repay their student loans. Through this system, the Group temporarily takes over the entire student loan and lends an equivalent value to the employee interest free. Repayment is deferred for the first five years after entering the company.
Promoting Health and Productivity Management
In order to balance the happiness of our employees with the enhanced productivity of the company, since FY2015 Daiwa Securities Group has worked to strengthen its health and productivity management system and to introduce various measures to establish an environment in which our employees can continue to work vigorously and actively over the long term. In FY2016, we introduced the KA•RA•DA Iki Iki Project, a project aimed at improving health and productivity. The project includes initiatives that award points for participating in health improvement programs and for attending health literacy seminars. These points can then be exchanged for donations to social contribution activities and health- related gifts. In FY2017, we introduced a plan to support employees who have been diagnosed with cancer so that they can continue to work worry-free while receiving treatment. Looking to the future, we will continue actively working to promote the health of employees from a managerial perspective.
 Targets through FY2020 (Daiwa Securities)
Ratio of women in management positions: Over 15%, more than five times the ratio reported in FY2005 Ratio of women among new graduate recruits: Stable at 50%
Ratio of women participating in training programs: 50%
Annual leave utilization rate: Over 70% Ratio of men utilizing childcare leave: 100%
External Evaluations
Nadeshiko Brand (Companies with excellent track records in empowering women)
Selected Four Years
Running
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry/ Tokyo Stock Exchange
Health and Productivity Stock Selection
Selected Four Years
Running/Selected Two
Years Running
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry/Tokyo Stock Exchange
Certified as a Family-Friendly Employer (Platinum Kurumin)
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Tomonin Mark for Promoting the Creation of a Work Environment That Balances Work and Family Care
         30 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare

Passion for PEOPLE
 Toward the Industry’s Highest Quality
Daiwa Securities Group is aiming to become one of the most excellent firms with the ability to boast the industry's highest quality. The industry’s highest quality, however, stands on the individual professionalism of our employees, the most important asset of the Group. We spoke to sales branch and head office staff at Daiwa Securities about the industry’s highest quality for which they are aiming as individuals.
1 My definition of the highest quality is when customers feel they can ask me anything regarding inheritance. As a result, my ultimate goal is for customers
to feel that they can entrust all of the assets they have entrusted to other financial institutions to Daiwa Securities. This is why I study every day so that I can address any question regarding inheritance.
2 In general, I have never met most of my customers before. Moreover, I listen to my customers, who can be wives who have lost their husbands and are due to receive an inheritance, for example, during very difficult periods of their lives. I have heard that first impressions are made in two minutes, which is exactly why I place importance on first impressions in striving to earn the trust of my customers. Moreover, I do my best to pay careful attention and listen to my customers’ stories, including their memories of the deceased. This is a very delicate period, so I also pay very careful attention to the timing of contacts, procedures, and follow-up proposals.
4 Inheritance is a process by which money is transferred from one generation to the next, for example from husbands to wives and then to daughters and sons. In this way, money can remain within Daiwa Securities through the generations. This is why I want our customers to trust me as the gateway for the Group and why I want to become the representative that they think of first.
Yuko Uemura
Director, Client Support Dept. at Kyoto Branch
Daiwa Securities
(Inheritance Consultants)
 1 How do you define the highest quality?
2 What specific actions are you taking to realize
the highest quality?
3 What actions do you take to improve quality within the limited time available?
4 What are the challenges and goals in quality improvement?
    Takaaki Nagano
Director, Corporate Clients Banking Dept. (V)
Daiwa Securities
1 My definition of the highest quality is the thank you I receive from my customers. As with individuals, it is also very difficult to receive a thank you
from corporate customers, and it is impossible to reach this point without
delivering a truly added-value solution.
3 Of the actions that I must take, I think the most important is ensuring that I do
not reduce my time with my customers. Given the time restrictions, this is why I work to improve my efficiency during office work. I focus my priorities on making the most efficient choices, ranking tasks, and working without sacrificing quality.
4 I want to truly and thoroughly know my customers, and, with an eye to the future, be able to make proposals that my customers have yet to imagine. Although I become frustrated with myself when I fail to do so, I hope to further improve myself as a way of gaining their trust. There are many employees within the company that have a firm understanding of both Japan and the international climate and play a global role, so another one of my goals is to succeed in this way.
Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 31
 SDGs Feature

  Satoshi Yazawa
Director, Global Equity Sales Dept. (II) Daiwa Securities
Financial Education Initiatives
Daiwa Internet TV
In 2000, Daiwa Securities Group began Daiwa Securities Information TV, Japan’s only channel dedicated to securities information, on multichannel pay TV broadcast service “SKY PerfecTV!” Following on from this, we have been producing Daiwa Internet TV at our own studio and distributing it to anyone who wants to watch for free since April 2011. Along with broadcasting timely Tokyo market information five times a day, the programs broadcast market information from Hong Kong and New York locally every day.
In addition, the programs broadcast corporate information and video reports in which analysts and economists from Daiwa Securities and Daiwa Institute of Research appear and explain current issues in an easy to understand manner.
Our Daiwa Internet TV initiative was introduced by the SDG Industry Matrix for Financial Services (issued jointly by the United Nations Global Compact and KPMG International in 2015) as a case for Goal 4 “Quality Education.” The report highlighted Daiwa’s timely and free of charge provision of a variety of financial and investment information.
We will continue to strive to produce programming that supports the transition from savings to investment so that the programs are viewed by both investors and those without investment experience.
http://www.daiwatv.jp/
1 My customers are institutional investors, and we are in the position of being evaluated by broker rankings. If we achieve the number one position on the
broker rankings, we will receive the greatest volume of orders. Therefore, we must ask ourselves what we must do to achieve the number one position. There are many individuals among my customers with far more knowledge than myself. This is why I study intensely and desire to become a presence that makes my customers think first of consulting Daiwa Securities. Investment trust asset managers are my customers, but beyond them, the retail customers buy their investment trusts. My goal is to ensure profits for both and that both are happy.
2 I maintain an awareness and hope that my customers can recognize the positive and attractive aspects of Daiwa Securities as a company. For me, this is not just a job that I do. Therefore, I myself work to maintain a deep understanding of the company, including our bases in Japan and overseas, and thereby grasp the kinds of solutions that we can deliver.
  32 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018

Passion for PEOPLEiDeCo Partnership Seminars
Since FY2017, Daiwa Securities has worked with newspaper companies and others to hold iDeCo Partnership Seminars during the weekends and weekday evenings for those in the working generation. In FY2017, a total of 19 seminars have been held and attended by 4,021 participants.
By inviting comedians and other celebrities as guests to the seminars held around Japan, we have helped customers become familiar with and gain an understanding of iDeCo. Moreover, through the cooperation of the Sales Planning Department, Daiwa Direct Planning Department, and local sales branches, these seminars have served as a good opportunity for those among the working generation, who often have jobs that prevent them from easily visiting branches during the weekdays, to learn about Daiwa Securities. Going forward, we plan to continue these types of initiatives as a chance for those in the working generation to recognize the importance of asset building and as an opportunity to know Daiwa Securities Group.
Seminar panel discussion
FinTech Revolution
iDeCo Partnership Seminars Held in FY2017
 Yamagata
Oct. Yamagata Shimbun
Niigata
Oct. Niigata Nippo
Kyoto
Oct. Kyoto Shimbun
Kobe
Aug. Kobe Shimbun
Hiroshima
Dec. Chugoku Shimbun
Fukuoka
Jul. Nishinippon Shimbun
Naha
Jan. Okinawa Times
Sapporo
Aug. Hokkaido Shimbun
Sendai
Jul. Kahoku Shimpo
Nagano
Sep. Shinano Mainichi Shimbun
Tokyo
Apr. Yomiuri Shimbun Jun., Mar. The Nikkei (held twice in March)
Oct., Feb. Money Forward, Inc.
Shizuoka Nagoya Feb. Shizuoka Shimbun
Jul. Chunichi Shimbun
Osaka
Oct. The Nikkei
         On April 3, 2018, Daiwa Institute of Research published FinTech Revolution. As a group-wide Daiwa Institute of Research project, the book was authored by members with knowledge on the forefront of finance and systems from six departments within Daiwa Institute of Research and Daiwa Institute of Research Business Innovation. The book investigates this topic from the perspective of forecasting the future of finance a decade from now based on cutting-edge cases of FinTech.
Participating in Nikkei Business Raise Online Internships
Daiwa Securities Group participated in the Nikkei Business Raise opinion platform established by the Nikkei Business Online business information site. This platform offers online internships that enable participants to acquire trial work experience over the Internet.
Internships provided by companies have been problematic in the past because they are only able to accept a limited number of applicants and because overlapping timeframes have made it difficult for students to participate in multiple internships. Nikkei Business Raise enables university students to learn about business practices, such as product development and marketing, over the Internet from employees of each participating company and to debate the ways in which companies can contribute to society.
https://raise.nikkeibp.co.jp/media/new
 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 33