Passion for PARTNERSHIP
To mobilize the means required to implement this Agenda through a revitalized Global Partnership for Sustainable Development, based on a spirit of strengthened global solidarity, focused in particular on the needs of the poorest and most vulnerable and with the participation of all countries, all stakeholders and all people
Integrated Securities Group with a Hybrid Business Model
  Collaboration between a traditional securities business and diversified business portfolioAdvantageous Position in the Securities Business
Image of Hybrid Securities Group
  Daiwa Securities GroupBusiness development not bound by industry law Group strategy centered on the securities business Stable and efficient diversified business portfolio
         Group strategy centered on the banking business
   Low
(Bank affiliates, etc.)
management
(Independent)
Investment business Daiwa PI Partners Daiwa Corporate Investment
New services utilizing FinTech
New business
IT/Think Tank
Daiwa Institute of Research
High
Independence of High
Asset Management business Daiwa AM Daiwa SB
Real Estate/ Infrastructure AM business Daiwa Real Estate AM Mi-Casa AM
Banking business Daiwa Next Bank
Traditional securities business (Daiwa Securities)
      34 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018
Low
Overseas business Overseas subsidiaries Alliance partners
Business model centered on the wholesale business
   1. Banking Business
 Eraberu Yokin
Within Daiwa Securities Group, Daiwa Next Bank in November 2017 launched Eraberu Yokin (a deposit account that provides value in ways other than traditional interest rates). Co-created with customers, companies, and organizations, this product consists of three types of fixed-term deposit account where (1) depositors can receive presents from the bank’s various partner companies, (2) support groups such as non-profit organizations provide social services through donations that cover the interest gap between time deposits and normal deposits, as well as an additional grant from Daiwa Next Bank, and (3) depositors can be excited by predicting index and
forex rate trends to receive a prize. As of the end of July 2018, there were more than 13,000 Eraberu Yokin accounts, with total deposits reaching about ¥15.6 billion. The donation type accounted for about 30% of all Eraberu Yokin accounts.
Eraberu Yokin Platform Deposit
Providing deposit products
Support
   Customer (depositor)
Companies, organizations
    Providing information, products
Requests
Eraberu Yokin
Providing deposit products
    Cooperation
Stability of the Group’s revenue base
Passion for PARTNERSHIP
 2. Real Estate Asset Management Business
Received GRESB Green Star Certification for
Sixth Consecutive Year
Daiwa Real Estate Asset Management participated in the 2017 Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) Real Estate Assessment for Daiwa Office Investment Corporation and earned the Green Star designation for the sixth year in a row.
GRESB is used by major European pension funds and others in making
decisions related to investment destinations. Use has spread to other institutional investors, including life insurance companies and investment trust management companies, as well as to the US and Asia.
Daiwa Securities Group is committed to improving its sustainability performance as it remains faithful to its environmental and social responsibilities.
Nippon Healthcare Investment Corporation
Nippon Healthcare Investment Corporation listed on the REIT section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in November 2014 as Japan’s first REIT specializing in healthcare facilities.
While providing residents with fee-based private nursing homes, elderly housing with supportive services and others, the mechanism of healthcare REITs is such that it also leases business assets to operators and receives rent from the operators who are the lessees. Therefore, the healthcare facilities owned by healthcare REITs have the feature of being management-type facilities.
The Healthcare REIT Mechanism
                  Residents
Municipalities, etc.
Operator’s Income
Advance fees
Monthly charges, etc.
Nursing care service operators
REIT’s Income
Fixed rent Dividends
Long-term lease
agreements Investment
Distribution to Investors
            Nippon Healthcare Investment Corporation
 Investors
  Nursing care fees
           Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 35
 SDGs Feature

 3. Initiatives Aimed at Creating Next-generation Financial Services
With the goal of fostering new businesses and the next generation of securities platforms, we are focusing our attention on a variety of promising areas while partnering with the leading companies in each of these fields.
Cooperation with Finatext and Smartplus
Daiwa Securities Group Inc. forged an agreement with Finatext to establish a next-generation securities platform in November 2017. Finatext subsidiary Smartplus announced STREAM, an SNS app allowing the exchange of stock trading information, in April 2018, launching the registration of users at the same time. Operations in full began in July 2018 with the addition to the STREAM app of a function allowing the trading of stock without the conventional fees.
Fintertech
Fintertech was established with the aim of flexibly providing through a variety of channels using cutting edge technologies and digital media, a wide array of goods and services to meet the ever diversifying needs of our digital native customers.
New company creating next-generation financial services Fintertech
= Finance × Entertainment × Technology
Foundation April 2018 Shareholder Daiwa Securities Capital* ¥800 million
* Includes capital reserve
Forefront Technology Digital Channel
Providing next-generation financial services to our digital native customers
CrowdWorks
Daiwa Securities Group Inc. has entered into a capital and business alliance with CrowdWorks, which provides the largest crowd sourcing platform in Japan to match the needs of those applying for work and those undertaking work (crowdworkers) over the Internet. We intend to continue working with the company to develop and provide services bolstering asset formation for these “crowd workers.”
Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
Conclusion of capital and business alliance as of May 14, 2018
     Group Inc. (100%)
       Research and development for new financing methods
36 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018
Expertise in Securities and Financial Business
Supply asset management and asset building products
 CrowdWorks
 The largest crowd sourcing platform in Japan
Number of users: 1.93 million (as of Apr. 2018) Annual contract amount: ¥6.3 billion (as of Sep. 2017)

Passion for PARTNERSHIP4. Initiatives in the Overseas Business Strengthening the global M&A network
Strategies by Division (Wholesale Division) Page 53
The Asia Alliance Strategy
Daiwa Securities Group has forged alliances with a number of financial institutions throughout Asia and remains focused on leveraging economic growth in the region to bolster our presence in the market.
In Vietnam, where real GDP expanded 6.8% in 2017 and growth moving forward appears likely to remain firm, we have more than 20% equity in SSI (formerly Saigon Securities), the largest securities firm in the country, in line with our efforts to promote cooperation in the equity brokerage and investment banking businesses. By advancing our alliance strategy to take advantage of economic growth in Asia, we are creating synergies with existing businesses while preparing for changes in the global competitive environment.
Private Equity Investment in Myanmar
Daiwa PI Partners has been actively focused on private equity investment in Myanmar since 2016 given the trend toward economic openness and deregulation in the country in line with the government making changes to corporate and investment laws and regulations. We have invested in FRONTiiR, one of Myanmar’s largest Internet service providers, as well as OWAY, a Yangon-based online travel booking and taxi-hailing service. The total amount of
   investment for the two projects is about $17 million, which makes it the largest investment in Myanmar by a Japanese financial institution. With new economic development just under way, there are a number of companies in Myanmar with the potential for growth. We intend to provide capital for growth to these companies, bolstering their expansion while simultaneously contributing to an improvement in the standard of living and social infrastructure for the people of the country.
FRONTiiR
A three-wheeled taxi operated by OWAY in Mandalay
5. Coexistence with Regional Economies
Revitalizing Local Economies through IPOs
In Global Investment Banking, we are taking advantage of our group’s domestic network to support the development of promising companies in local economies. We are focused on finding new IPO projects based not only on the information from group offices and sales branches nationwide, but also through agreements with local financial institutions in which they will introduce us to the leading companies in local markets they know so well. Through these activities and listing of local companies, we aim to help revitalize local economies.
 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 37