Passion for the PLANET
To protect the planet from degradation, including through sustainable consumption and production, sustainably managing its natural resources and taking urgent action on climate change, so that it can support the needs of the present and future generations
Noting the importance of international cooperation, Daiwa Securities Group is a participant in the United Nations Environment Program Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) and a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Outline of the TCFD
At the request of the G20, the Financial Stability Board established the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in December 2015 to develop recommendations for voluntary climate-related financial disclosures that are consistent, comparable, reliable, clear, and efficient, and provide decision-useful investment information. The TCFD released its final report, Recommendation of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures in June 2017, and had secured the agreement of more than 280 companies around the world as of May 2018.
1. Green Bonds
Since Daiwa Securities Group launched sales of vaccine bonds to individual investors in 2008, the domestic ESG/SRI bond market, including Green Bonds, has been developed mainly with individual investors. In addition, the issuance of green bonds, mainly overseas, jumped sharply after the International Capital Market Association established the Green Bonds Principles in 2014. The Japanese government thereafter launched its support, with the Ministry of the Environment in Japan formulating in March 2017 its Green Bonds Guidelines, 2017 and proposing a variety of related measures. This contributed to enhanced green bond interest not only by individual investors, but also institutional investors in Japan.
The Group has been active since 2008 in developing the ESG/SRI bond markets in Japan and overseas as a means to promote Impact Investment that contributes to solving environmental and social issues. In addition to practical achievements such as being a lead manager in the Development Bank of Japan’s successful effort to become the first Japanese bank to issue green bonds in the Euro market and Nacional Financiera launching the first green bond issuance in Mexico, the Group is promoting the spread of ESG/SRI bonds, including green bonds, in Japan and overseas, for example, by participating in the International Capital Market Association’s working group on Green Bond Principles and serving on the committee developing the Ministry of the Environment’s Green Bond Guidelines, 2017.
The issuance of green bonds entails additional costs and procedures for the issuer, including selection of the use of funds and the reporting of results, and given the additional burdens on the investor, including in regard to establishing new investment standards, there remain a number of challenges to overcome before these bonds become more prevalent. The Group is committed to ongoing educational activities aimed at deepening knowledge in this area among investors and issuers, leveraging its leading position in the industry in impact investment bonds while simultaneously contributing to an expansion in the market by providing reliable solutions to both investors and issuers.
    38 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018
Passion for the PLANET
 Green Bond Underwriting
FY2016 Crédit Agricole CIB
Central American Bank for Economic Integration (CABEI)
FY2017 Asian Development Bank (3 currencies)
Tokyo Metropolitan Government
Extending loans to companies and projects that contribute to environmentally friendly economic and social development
Supporting climate change mitigation and adaption projects in Central America
Efforts aimed at addressing climate change in the Asia-Pacific region
Efforts involving shifting to LED lighting in city-owned facilities and roads, shoring up small and medium-sized rivers, upgrading Tokyo Bay and Island preservation facilities, and addressing the heat island effect (improving heat shielding, water retention)
¥6.3 billion ¥7.7 billion ¥8.0 billion ¥2.0 billion
 Issuer
Fund use
Sales amount (Estimate)
             Note: Tokyo Metropolitan Green Bond was underwritten by five companies, including Daiwa Securities. The amount in the sales column represents the Daiwa Securities portion.
  Daiwa Securities Group’s outstanding SRI investment trust balance
¥146.5 billion (end of March 2018)
Daiwa ETF — FTSE Blossom Japan Index
Daiwa ETF — MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
Daiwa ETF — MSCI Japan Empowering Women Select Index (WIN)
          Daiwa Women Supporter Fund
  JICA Bonds
Ecology Bonds
Banking on Women Bonds Agri Bonds (2 times) Water Bond (KEXIM) Microfinance Bonds Vaccine Bonds
World Impact Investment Fund
Daiwa ETF — MSCI Japan Human and Physical Investment Index
2015
Water Bonds
Green Bonds (2 times)
  2014
Water Bonds
Inclusive Business Bonds Green Bonds (2 times)
2017
 2016
 2013
 2012
Water Bonds Green Bonds
 Green Bonds (2 times) Water Bonds (2 times) Agri Bonds
Banking on Women Bonds Inclusive Business Bonds JICA Bonds
  JICA Bonds Microfinance Bonds Green Bonds
Agri Bonds
Water Bonds
  SDGs Feature
 Daiwa Securities Group’s History of SRI Funds and Impact Investment Bonds for Individuals
SRI Funds
Impact Investment Bonds for Individuals
         Daiwa Securities cumulative domestic sales
in impact investment bonds for individuals
¥685.8 billion (March 2008 to the end of March 2018) Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 39
    
Passion for the PLANET
  2. Expanding the Renewable Energy Business through the Establishment of Daiwa Energy & Infrastructure Co. Ltd.
Daiwa Securities Group established Daiwa Energy & Infrastructure Co. Ltd. in July 2018 with the goal of promoting investment and loans in renewable energy.
 Daiwa PI Partners, which handles Daiwa Securities Group’s investment function, has been working to resolve social issues, including in regard to the conversion of the energy supply structure, through investment in renewable energies.
In order to further develop these efforts, the Group in July 2018 established Daiwa Energy & Infrastructure, a new company focused on investment and loans in energy and infrastructure. Daiwa PI Partners will transfer its energy investment function to the new company. The Group is also establishing alongside GI Capital Management Ltd., the Daiwa GI Green Fund, which only invests in newly set companies in domestic solar power.
The Group is participating in investment and development of eight solar power projects, and seven of these, including the Iwamizawa solar power plant in Iwamizwa, Hokkaido are being developed solely by the Group, have already achieved stable operations. The large-scale solar power plant in Tomakomai, Hokkaido is still under construction, but is expected to be completed in summer 2018.
In the field of biomass power generation, the Group in a capital and operational tie-up with Green Thermal Co. Ltd. is making steady progress in development of the woody biomass power plant, which uses as primary fuel unused wood materials. The first project in Yonezawa, Yamagata Prefecture is expected to come online in 2018, with the second power generation project in Kamitonda, Wakayama Prefecture expected to reach completion in 2020.
Through the new company, the Group aims to promote investment and loans focused on renewable energies.
Solar power generation
(Taki District, Mie Prefecture)
  Daiwa PI Partners Development of and Investment in Solar Power Generation Plants (including under construction)
Biomass power generation (Yonezawa, Yamagata Prefecture)
As of the end of July 2018
 Taki No. 1 power generation plant (Taki, Taki District, Mie Prefecture)
Iwamizawa Solar Power Plant (Iwamizawa City, Hokkaido)
Ofunato Solar Power Plant
(Ofunato City, Iwate Prefecture)/Joint investment
Tomakomai Solar Power Plant
(Tomakomai City, Hokkaido)/Joint investment
Takatoku Nikko Solar Power Plant (Nikko City, Tochigi Prefecture)
Total output capacity
Amount of electricity
4,070kW
8,970kW
19,830kW
38,400kW
16,744kW
Masuura Kushiro Solar Power Plant (Kushiro City, Hokkaido)
Boyo Kushiro Solar Power Plant (Kushiro City, Hokkaido)
Kan-onji Solar Power Plant
(Kan-onji City, Kagawa Prefecture)/Joint investment
South Yonezawa woody biomass power generation plant (Yonezawa City, Yamagata Prefecture)
Kinan woody biomass power generation plant (Kamitonda, Nishimuro District, Wakayama Prefecture)
105.8MW
Consumed by approximately 52,000 households per year
2,190kW
1,410kW
1,150kW
6,250kW
6,800kW
      (converted to a per household power consumption basis)
 40 Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018

Passion for PEACE
To foster peaceful, just and inclusive societies which are free from fear and violence. There can be no sustainable development without peace and no peace without sustainable development
Initiatives Aimed at Preventing Organized Crime Groups from Engaging in Anti-social Behavior, Acts of Terrorism, and Other Activities Including Money Laundering
Daiwa Securities Group believes that eliminating anti-social forces, an especially important social requirement in Japan, preventing organized crime from engaging in such acts as international terrorism and money laundering as a matter of global consensus, and stopping organizations and individuals identified by international institutions from utilizing finance and capital markets are key issues in maintaining the trust of customers. As a result, we have put in place the structures and systems necessary to confirm business partners.
Investment Policy against Cluster Munitions Producers (Daiwa Asset Management Co. Ltd.) The Convention on Cluster Munitions (Oslo
Declaration) came into effect in August 2010. As
an asset management company in Japan, a
country ratifying the convention, Daiwa Asset Management established basic principles for investments in, and other actions against, cluster munitions producers.
  1 Daiwa Asset Management shall not invest in securities issued by cluster munitions producers in active funds. In cases where the active funds hold such securities, Daiwa Asset Management shall immediately sell the securities.
2 In cases where withdrawal from, or contraction of, the business for producing cluster munitions is proposed
at shareholders' meetings of cluster munitions producers, Daiwa Asset Management shall agree with such shareholders' proposals.PassionforSDGs2018 -DaiwaSecuritiesGroup’sSDGsDeclaration-
Daiwa Securities Group recognizes the Sustainable Development Goals adopted by the United Nations in 2015 as overarching goals to lead the world. Through our Group business, we will work actively toward the realization of a prosperous society and the improvement of people’s lives by pursuing both the Company’s economic value and solutions to social challenges at the same time.
Creation of Shared Values
As an integrated securities group that provides a wide range of services for various customer needs, we will work to provide solutions to social challenges with a flexible mindset to create the Company’s economic value and social value at the same time.
Stakeholders and Partnerships
By utilizing our Group quality of taking a leading role in connecting countries, companies and investors, we aim to contribute to various social business solutions through partnerships with each of our stakeholders.
Developing and Realizing Work Styles for Diverse Human Resources
With measures like the promotion of better work-life balance and the success of female and veteran employees while creating a working environment in which our employees, regardless of their gender and age, would feel satisfying to work in and would demonstrate their potential fully, we will endeavor to develop diverse human capital and work styles.
Increase Recognition and Enhance Penetration
We will try to increase awareness and a deeper understanding of SDGs among both our employees and customers through our Group business as a main player in the financial and capital market.
         Daiwa Securities Group Integrated Report 2018 41