                                                                                              Sustained Growth through Value Creation
INTEGRATED REPORT
2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 The Kanematsu Group’s Value Creation Process
The Kanematsu Group is utilizing its capital in its corporate to society and increase its enterprise value as it works to
    Five Key Issues
A
Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
B
Mutual development with local communities
C
Consideration of the global environment
D
Enhancing governance
E
Promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity
   Organi- zational Capital
Human and Intellectual Capital
Financial Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
The Kanematsu Group’s Capital
• Five divisions, organized by business field, each with specific expertise
• Organizational functions that support business activities from specialized perspectives
• Locations around the world
• Highly specialized Group companies
• Wide range of business fields
• Expertise and technical capabilities regarding industries and products
• Accumulated know-how
• Global professionals/Diverse professionals • Business creation and proposal abilities
• Sound financial position (Net D/E ratio of less than 1.0) • Stable earnings base
• Average annual cash flows of approximately ¥20 billion
• High quality and quantity of business partners • Contribution to local communities
• Trust built over a period of 130 years
• Biodiversity (animals, plants, fungi, etc.)
• Sunlight, air, forests, and soil
• Geothermal, wind, and other forms of renewable energy
             Corporate Principle
“Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity”
“Sow a seed now,” and take action to benefit people around the globe, bade our founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, setting a standard of public duty that we at Kanematsu continue to uphold through a commitment to ethical business principles and corporate responsibility.
The beliefs and philosophies that inspired Fusajiro Kanematsu in the late nineteenth century Meiji period, a time when Japan was striving to build a national economy, remain the core of our efforts to contribute to society, humanity, and the environment, 130 years later.
   
    Our Beliefs: Kanematsu’s Guiding Principles
1. Reflecting the pioneering spirit of our predecessors, we believe that fairness and justice should guide our business dealings and the wise use of creative imagination and ingenuity will bring prosperity
2. Our purpose as a Company is not only to build a sound and flourishing business, but to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, contributing to society and the security and well-being of all.
3. As members of a corporation, we act not as individuals but as representatives of that organization and as such we are bound by Company rules and attendant loyalties and must work together with a spirit of cooperation while cultivating mutual understanding and respect for fellow members.
  What We Do
Businesses in the areas
where we have strength and expertise
   Electronics & Devices
Bolstering the management base
• Strengthen governance
• Increase sophistication of investment risk management
• Develop global professionals
Contributing to local communities and the environment
• Environmental management system • Social contribution activities
Foods & Grain
  Steel, Materials &
Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
    Where We Provide Value
 Customers and business partners
Shareholders and investors
Employees
Local communities
The global environment
       activities to provide new value address its five key issues.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths
1 The Kanematsu Group’s Value Creation Process 2 Kanematsu’s History
4 Message from the President
Special Features
14 Special Feature
Growth Strategy by Business under the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
20 Message from the CFO
Aiming to Increase Shareholder Value
Review of Operations
22 Review of Operations
24 Electronics & Devices
26 Foods & Grain
28 Steel, Materials & Plant
30 Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Sustainability
32 Sustainability
42 Corporate Governance
46 Messages from the Outside Directors
47 Corporate Officers
Financial Section and Company Information
48 Financial and ESG Highlights
50 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
52 Business Risks
54 Consolidated Financial Statements
60 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
117 Independent Auditor’s Report
118 Network / Organization Chart
119 Major Group Companies
120 Network
122 Corporate Profile
Editorial Policy
The content of the Kanematsu Group annual reports is based on an integrated reporting approach with reference to the International Integrated Reporting Council’s International Integrated Reporting Framework, the G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, a set of international standards created by the Global Reporting Initiative, and ISO 26000. We hope that the report will help readers deepen their understanding of the Kanematsu Group.
Forward-Looking Statements
This annual report contains statements regard- ing the Kanematsu Group's plans, strategies, and expectations for future performance. Such statements are inherently subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results could diverge materi- ally from the Group's projections due to changes in the economic and market environment sur- rounding the Group's business areas, such as exchange rate fluctuation.
Contents
              KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 1
 Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  Kanematsu’s History
Since its founding, contribution to the public good has been the basis of Kanematsu’s corporate activities. In line with this stance, Kanematsu has innovated and evolved with the times, continually creating and pro- viding value unique to Kanematsu.
Going forward, we will continue to leverage the strengths and experience built up over our long histo- ry to advance cooperation and mutual development with our customers and business partners and contrib- ute to solving social issues.
1989
100th anniversary of the Company’s founding
1990
Company name changed to Kanematsu Corporation
1991
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
1993
Kanematsu Computer Systems Ltd. (now Kanematsu Communications Ltd.) began mobile phone sales
1999
Implemented large-scale business selection and concentration
Net sales
2005
Acquired a majority stake in Shintoa Corp. (100% stake acquired in 2010)
1889
Fusajiro Kanematsu Shoten of Australian Trading founded by Fusajiro Kanematsu in Kobe
1890
1967
Merged with the Gosho Company to form Kanematsu-Gosho, Ltd.
1968
Kanematsu Denshi Service Ltd. established (now Kanematsu Electronics Ltd.)
1973
Listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
1974
Kanematsu Computer Systems Ltd. established (now Kanematsu Communications Ltd.)
    Branch opened in Sydney
Direct importing of Australian wool began
1918
Company name changed to Kanematsu Shoten Company
1936
Branches opened in New York and Seattle
1943
Company name changed to Kanematsu Corporation
1951
* Figures for fiscal 2017 onward are IFRS-basis profit before tax.
  Overseas affiliate established in New York, the first overseas office established by a Japanese trading company after World War II
  2000 2001
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006
     1889 –1950s
Guided by Kanematsu’s founder, a pioneer in trade between Japan and Australia, Kanematsu weath- ered financial panics and built a solid foundation. Eventually, the Company expanded to the United States and other countries.
1960s –1980s
Kanematsu grows larger, diversifying functions as a trading company and expanding geographically.
1990s –2000s
Following the expansion and collapse of Japan’s economic bubble and the Asian Financial Crisis, Kanematsu carried out decisive business selection and concentration aimed at rein- forcing its management framework. The Company also worked to improve and strengthen its financial base.
Solving Social Problems
 Kanematsu expanded its inter- national trading beyond Australia, opening overseas branches and building a founda- tion for the development of trade with Japan.
In step with Japan’s rapid economic growth, Kanematsu proactively developed third-county trading as well as importing and exporting between companies in Japan and overseas. At the same time, the Group promoted infrastructure develop- ment in developing countries.
Responding to the rapid uptake of IT throughout society, Kanematsu advanced business development in line with the needs of the information age, entering the mobile business and reinforcing information and communication technology (ICT) functions.
2 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
 
    2010 –
Kanematsu has enhanced its management base through business selection and concentration. Implementing M&A in highly specialized fields and business expansion, we are shifting to
an aggressive management stance.
 Kanematsu focused on developing products and services that take into account sustainability in such areas as food resources and the environment. The Group worked to create new, high-value- added business models, with an eye to responding to such technological innovation as AI and IoT.
 2012
Acquired North American oil- field tubing company Benoit Machine LLC
2013
Paid first dividends in 15 years
2014
Acquired a majority stake in Kanematsu-NNK Corp. (now Kanematsu Sustech Corporation)
2016
2019
130th anniversary of the Company’s founding
  Carried out an absorption-type merger with Diamondtelecom, Inc., aimed at expanding the mobile business
                   2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
April 2014 – March 2018
Medium-Term Vision “VISION-130”
April 2018 – March 2024 Medium-Term Vision – future 135 –
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 3
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   Message from the President
          1 Kanematsu’s Social Mission
 4 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
This year marks the 130th anniversary of the Kanematsu Group’s founding in 1889. In line with the entrepreneurial spirit that flows through the core of our business activities, which span three centuries, we believe that taking a broad view of international society and ambitiously working to solve social prob- lems through our businesses is our mission. Kanematsu has long played an important role in society by creating businesses that provide new added value, contributing to the
development of the Japanese and global economies.
Today, in agreement with the principles of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we are encourag- ing development in areas rooted in social issues and problem solving within fields unique to Kanematsu, where other trading companies do not operate. At the selection stage of each project, including the formula- tion of the of the medium-term vision, we

     Kanematsu is pushing ahead with future 135, its medium-term vision for the six years beginning fiscal 2019. Under future 135, we have established the priority initiatives of sustainable growth in fundamental businesses and the expansion of the revenue base through business investment, response to technical innovation, and establishment of management infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth. Leveraging our stable earnings structure and financial structure, we are advancing into the next stage of growth, with the aspiration of being a unique general trading company.
   President
Kaoru Tanigawa
   explore the project’s relevance to the SDGs. As a result of this approach, over the past year, I have noticed a rise in responsiveness to SDG- related topics both within the Company and among our suppliers and business partners. As a trading company, Kanematsu controls entire supply chains and coordinates operations across countries, regions, cultures, and levels of economic development. Accordingly, I think that communicating the importance of the SDGs from our positions at key nodes of busi- ness is extremely important. In addition, I think that we need to deepen our understanding of the role of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD), more comprehensively examine climate-related risks and opportunities, and factor such considerations into our businesses going forward.
Top management must take the lead in making clear their company’s role in society, mission, and growth trajectory so that each and every employee can understand their own social mission and social impact, and always act accordingly. To this end, we are proactively working to share timely information and mes- sages from management through such means as an internal Group website established in October 2018 that is accessible from overseas Group locations and Group companies.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 5
    Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  2 Where Kanematsu Stands and the Challenges Ahead
 6 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
Under future 135, Kanematsu’s medium-term vision launched in fiscal 2019, we are taking a long-term perspective to ensure that Kanematsu continues to grow in the future.
Kanematsu’s business model is rooted in trading, the very foundation of a trading com- pany. Kanematsu is a unique presence; while we do not invest in such volatile markets as natural resources, our business activities extend over a broad range of fields, and we engage in professionalized businesses based on sophisticated expertise in areas of strength. We are aiming for further scale expansion in these fields while focusing on securing greater added value in areas of strength. By doing so, I hope that the Kanematsu Group will be seen as leader in numerous areas of expertise. Furthermore, we are carefully reading market trends as we focus efforts on developing busi- nesses centered on AI, IoT, and other advanced technologies.
Turning to the challenges ahead, the long process of rebuilding our management base has taken the edge off the speed of Kanematsu’s business creation. This is an issue we have been facing for some time. Quick management decision making requires human resources with the know-how to maintain a comprehensive view of all operations, even when dealing with individual processes. We see the reinforcement of management per- sonnel development as the most important measure we can take to resolve the business challenges we face. Accordingly, during the six
years of the medium-term vision, we will strive to raise the level of management expertise and rebuild the Company as a dynamic organi- zation to speed up business creation.
Specifically, in July 2019, we reinforced and systematized our existing human resource training systems, creating a training system called Kanematsu University to guide and teach employees over their first ten years with the Company. We are also conducting man- agement education not only for current exec- utives, but at varying scales in accordance with each individual’s capabilities, regardless of gender or age. Winning the trust of our busi- ness partners, so that they are confident let- ting Kanematsu handle their business management, is a guidepost in determining the ideal as a trading company that we should aim for going forward. As president, I take pride in the high quality of the Kanematsu Group’s employees. By further reinforcing our human resource development, I feel that we will secure the people who will drive the Company toward our vision for the future. I therefore have tremendous expectations for the future of the Kanematsu Group. By taking a long-term approach to human resource development, spanning 20, or even 30 years, I hope, as a member of the Group’s leadership, to foster a sense of unity and trust within the Company.

   3 Fiscal 2019 Performance
  In fiscal 2019, the year ended March 31, 2019, gradual economic growth continued in and outside Japan, despite concerns about modu- lations in global financial markets and increas- ingly serious trade frictions. Within the Kanematsu Group, the energy business, which was affected by falling crude oil prices, the motor vehicles and parts business, which saw reduced shipments to the Middle East due to U.S. economic sanctions, and the semiconduc- tor parts and equipment business, which was impacted by U.S.-China trade frictions, each recorded year-on-year declines in revenue and profit. However, several other businesses achieved increased revenue and profit, driving the Group’s overall performance. These included the ICT solutions business, which enjoyed robust IT investment demand, the mobile business,
Change of Operating Profit in Main Segments
which benefited from continued synergy from the merger of two mobile phone sales subsid- iaries, the feedstuff business, which benefitted from stable mixed feedstuff prices, and the aerospace business, which saw favorable sales to Japanese government agencies and overseas aircraft part transactions. As a result, both reve- nues and sales rose year on year, and profit before tax reached a new record high.
Furthermore, reflecting the recording of retained earnings, the equity ratio* increased to 22.8%, and the net D/E ratio came to 0.4.
However, these results are merely a point on the way to the long-term growth we aim for. By focusing on how the Kanematsu Group can grow and contribute to society as society continues to evolve, we aim to reach even greater heights.
(¥ billion)
35.0 30.0 25.0 20.0 15.0 10.0
5.0 0
Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
     10.7
   1.4
FY2016
FY2017
VISION-130
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
future 135
    14.3
17.6
18.5
18.5
  4.0
4.0
  2.1
  2.5
  3.4
5.5
 2.8
3.9
4.4
     3.0
2.2
2.5
2.5
2.5
    Note The Other segment is not included.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 7
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

     Medium-Term Vision
 Quantitative Targets
Essentials
Image of growth
Consolidated profit for FY2024
(Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parents)
ROE
Total return ratio
April 2018 – March 2024
¥25 billion
13% – 15%
25% – 30%
 By further enhancing our strong business and achieving sustainable growth in the business segments of our stable revenue base, pursue the expansion of scale and the acquisition of added value with an effective investment in our business.
Target a consolidated profit for FY2024 of ¥25 billion.
Based on a stable earnings structure/financial structure, the dividend payout ratio (total return ratio) is set at 25%–30%, promoting management with the emphasis placed on capital efficiency.
The new Medium-Term Vision is for the six years from the fiscal year ending March 2019 to the fiscal year ending March 2024.
(Three years after the initiation of the Medium-Term Vision, the direction will be reconfirmed, including the progress of business investment.)
   Added value
Stable earnings base
Investment in innovation (seeds)
Expansion of scale
      Priority Initiatives
Customer • Market • Share
Sustainable growth in fundamental businesses and the expansion of the revenue base
through business investment
• Achieve sustainable growth by maintaining a stable revenue structure
• Carry out business investment while achieving a balance between capital and risk assets based on a stable financial structure
• Promote business investment in areas of strength through two strategies focused on “revenue base expansion” and “value added”
Response to technical innovation
• Promote and expand new businesses with advanced technology (IoT, AI, etc.) (“innovation investment”)
Establishment of management infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth
• Build a framework for global strategy
• Cultivate management-level human resources • Improve employee satisfaction (ES)
8 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
Function

   4 Priority Initiatives under future 135
  While maintaining and strengthening the sound financial base we have established, we will focus on more deeply developing our areas of strength and work to build businesses using innovative new technologies. Our targets for fiscal 2024, the final year of future 135, are con- solidated net income of ¥25 billion, ROE of 13%–15%, and a total return ratio of 25%– 30%. Implementing the vision’s three priority initiatives, we are moving forward on the past to growth.
I. The first priority initiative under future 135 is “Sustainable growth in fundamental businesses and the expansion of the revenue base through business investments.” Our existing businesses will remain the foundation of the Kanematsu Group’s revenue, and we will continue working toward sustained, steady growth in these busi- nesses. The feedstuff business, which plays an important part in food supply in Japan, is a good example. Going forward, as technologies evolve and needs change, some businesses will fade away, while other, new businesses emerge; in such an environment, I think that imagination and ingenuity will be particularly crucial to expansion in existing businesses. Technological innovation may bring more opportunities for investment in efficiencies and other areas. To make sure we do not drop the ball, we will advance collaboration between businesses and expand our revenue base through appropriate investment and M&A in areas where we have deep insight. The time span of the new vision, six years, is rather long. Each business must therefore set goals, such as, for example, doubling revenue in existing fields, and consider what is necessary to meet those goals as we move forward.
II. Second, “Response to technical innovation,” as exemplified by such technologies as IoT and AI, will be indispensable as we build the Kanematsu Group’s future. Across all business fields, the application and integration of IoT and other new technologies are advancing, cre- ating needs for structural innovation. In this environment, the Electronics & Devices Division is focusing on offering high-value-added busi- ness models using new technologies.
Going forward, trading companies will need to create added value that transcends individual business areas. We will promote the coordina- tion of businesses that possess cutting-edge technologies with other businesses and our partners, further reinforcing business creation through broad-reaching collaboration across business areas. From fiscal 2019, we have cre- ated the position of Chief Officer of Technologies and Business Collaboration, and we are working to accelerate the creation of new businesses and develop them into pillars of growth by harnessing technological innova- tion. By building new businesses in step with changes in society, the Kanematsu Group aims to fulfill its mission.
III. Third is “Establishment of management infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth.” We recognize that people are the foundation of all we do, and, accordingly, there are many things we must work on. First, we urgently need to cultivate management per- sonnel. To this end, we are creating new train- ing programs and enhancing other educational measures aimed at raising the quality of our employees. At the same time, we are imple- menting measures to raise employee satisfac- tion as well as work style reforms. Each
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 9
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 10 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
individual has different values, so it is extremely difficult to create something that everyone will be 100% satisfied with. It is important, howev- er, that we create frameworks in which employ- ees can find meaning in their work and enjoy the use of their imagination and ingenuity and then operate such frameworks while enhanc- ing communication. Furthermore, as we work toward global business expansion, we are
aiming to increase the number of specialized operating companies in key overseas markets. To this end, we are working to enhance our internal systems. We plan to complete these initiatives during the first half of the medium- term vision. In addition, we will implement sys- tems to quantitatively assess our management situation and related risks.
 5 Progress in the First Year of the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
 Looking back at the first year of future 135, I am confident that we have made steady, if gradual, progress on such fronts as replacing portfolio assets, advanced technology initiatives, and pro- moting consolidated management.
At the same time, I feel that growth was a little slow. Business creation and expansion are possible only if a business opportunity is identi- fied, researched, and assessed to determine its future potential. I have felt that we need to fur- ther accelerate this process leading up to business development. The most important factors in mak- ing accurate judgments are the amount of first- hand information obtained and the discernment to interpret it, and fostering such discernment entails equipping human resources with manage- ment knowledge. Therefore, human resource development is a pressing and essential task.
Looking at progress by segment, in the Electronics & Devices segment, which boasts a stable earnings base, the market for the ICT solu- tions business of Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. is in the midst of rapid technological innovation, which we believe will present further business opportunities going forward. Over the past 30 years, reflecting the tide of innovation from ana- log to digital technologies, the segment has steadily grown stronger and larger, becoming
one of the Group’s mainstay divisions. Today, the concept of digital transformation is causing a new wave of digitization in corporate opera- tions. By seizing on the opportunities presented by this shift, we expect the Electronics & Devices segment to develop and evolve immensely going forward.
The Foods & Grain segment maintains strong competitive advantages. However, the importance of developing new technologies and products is increasing, particularly in the areas of raw ingredients, processed foods, and cooked foods. As such, I think that we need to develop businesses in these areas even more aggressively.
In the Steel, Materials & Plant segment, we continue to aim for scale expansion centered on business investment and M&A in the areas of steel, chemicals and machinery and working to bring highly specialized human resources into the Group.
In the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace seg- ment, our strength is in our proposal- and prob- lem solving-based business model that leverages abundant information resources. Business expansion in next-generation automobile mar- kets as well as efforts in the space business are progressing smoothly.

     6 Growth Strategy by Business under future 135
 Expansion of scale, acquisition of added value, and investment in innovation (seeds) are the axes of growth strategy under future 135. The first, expansion of the scale, is aimed at grow- ing our customer base, markets, and market share. In addition to investing in the Electronics & Devices segment, which encom- passes numerous business areas where we are highly competitive, I think that the machinery and chemicals businesses in the Steel, Materials & Plant segment need a boost. The main areas for the acquisition of added value include feedstuff, foods, and steel, where we will add new functions to existing businesses. Looking at investment in innovation aimed at sowing the seeds of the future, we will need to take a new approach to business
investment. We will realize cross-division col- laboration focused on advanced technologies, such as AI and IoT, to create new businesses.
In light of the importance of advanced technologies and business collaboration, in November 2018, we established the Technologies and Business Collaboration Team to coordinate across all segments and assigned an executive officer to manage it. By fostering collaboration within the Group and with overseas businesses, this team will accel- erate new business creation. Going forward, we will intensify our response to technical innovation and advance investment in busi- ness creation and innovation in pursuit of the expansion of scale and acquisition of added value based on effective business investment.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 11
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   12 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
7 Investment in Growth under future 135
 In fiscal 2019, we made new investments totaling approximately ¥8 billion in areas where we have strength and insight. In the Electronics and Devices segment, we made G-Printec, Inc., a domestic card printer compa- ny, a wholly owned subsidiary. G-Printec has already contributed to division results. In the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace segment, we invested in Cyber Innovation Partners II, a U.S. cyber security fund. Through this fund, which is set up by AllegisCyber Capital, a U.S. venture capital firm, we aim to uncover advanced technologies in the cyber security field, which is expected to see continued growth, and to contribute funds toward the growth of such technologies. Furthermore, by purchasing used aircraft, we built up the assets of the air- craft part business. In addition, we made an equity-method investment in a South Korean steel sheet and plate processer and estab- lished a company for the primary processing and sale of meat products in China.
In terms of investment projects, we formed a business tie-up with WERU INVESTMENT Co. Ltd., a venture capital entity that originated at a major Japanese university. By linking Kanematsu’s business base with
WERU INVESTMENT’s venture capital invest- ment platform, we aim to reinforce our frame- work for finding and nurturing start-ups in and outside Japan that have promising advanced technologies or business models. Going forward, innovation through long-term R&D in such areas as space, AI, neurotechnolo- gy, synthetic biology, and quantum technolo- gy is expected to prompt the creation of new industries and revolutionize existing ones, driving sustained economic growth. We are therefore looking to focus efforts on develop- ing such areas. Over the remainder of future 135, we plan to invest approximately ¥60 bil- lion to ¥100 billion in such projects along the axes of expansion of scale, acquisition of added value, and innovation in each segment. We are currently considering specific pipeline projects in and outside Japan.
While we aim for ongoing growth, every investment will be carefully scrutinized to ensure that none becomes a burden down the line. To this end, we will rigorously apply our standards to investment decisions while pro- actively selecting our fields of specialization and honing our precision.

   In fiscal 2019, Kanematsu made major changes to its corporate governance and management framework. Specifically, we reduced the num- ber of directors to improve flexibility and effi- ciency, took steps to better separate management oversight from business execu- tion, and appointed a female outside director, helping to promote diversity. We also raised the number of overseas executive officers with an eye to expanding overseas businesses. Furthermore, in fiscal 2019, we introduced a performance-linked stock incentive plan for directors. By more closely linking director com- pensation with corporate performance and stock price, this system helps increase directors’ awareness of shareholder and investor value.
As I touched on earlier, we see preventing
a shortage in management personnel as a matter of urgent concern, and we are working to strate- gically develop human resources. Respect for diversity is deeply embedded in the bedrock of the Kanematsu Group. I think that the Group has the necessary resources and conditions, including the aforementioned respect for diver- sity, to develop the diverse human resources it needs. In addition, we are now even more aggressively advancing work style reform initia- tives. We believe that employee-friendly work- places increase motivation, ultimately helping improve revenue. Convincing others of the true benefit of such efforts and promoting their thorough adoption is one of the duties of top management, and we are working assiduously to do so.
8 Our Management Base
   9 Fiscal 2020 Outlook and Message to Stakeholders
 In fiscal 2020, we are planning for revenues of ¥740.0 billion, up 2.2% year on year, operat- ing profit of ¥31.0 billion, up 2.1%, and profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent of ¥17.0 billion, up 2.4%.
The Kanematsu Group considers provid- ing returns to shareholders to be one of its most important tasks. Since resuming the pay- ment of dividends in fiscal 2014, we have increased said payments each year. Under future 135, we have established a target total return ratio of 25% to 30%. We will continue to balance careful decision making with aggressive investment as we move into a steady growth trajectory and endeavor to
consistently fulfill our responsibilities to shareholders.
Kanematsu has continuously pursued growth for 130 years. As we celebrate this milestone, we promise to never be compla- cent, but always look for new, better approaches in all aspects of our corporate activities, from the management base to busi- ness creation. We will then return the results of these efforts to our stakeholders. Going for- ward, we will endeavor to ensure that stake- holders will be eager to deepen their relationships with Kanematsu by enhancing our enterprise value with a focus on growth.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 13
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Special Feature
Growth Strategy by Business under the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
Initiatives to Reach the Consolidated Profit Target
While maintaining and strengthening the sound financial base we have established, we will focus on more deeply developing our areas of strength and work to build businesses using innovative new technologies. By doing so, we will aggressively advance business expansion and creation. To do this, we must realize effective corporate governance to ensure exacting oversight in business management and investment as well as a corporate culture in which imagination and ingenuity are a constant while constructing mechanisms to achieve business creation.
2 Acquisition of added value
Electronics
Reorganization and reinforcement of the printer business
Reorganization and reinforcement of semiconductor business
New businesses based on advanced technologies such as AI/loT as a core
4 Investment in innovation (seeds)
1 Stable earnings base
ICT Solution Business
Sustained growth using our strengths
Foods & Grain
Scale expansion of meat products business
Expansion in the food markets in Asia
Steel, Plant, Energy, and Chemicals
Horizontal development in the machinery and chemicals businesses
Mobile Business
Strategic scale expansion Reinforcement of store revenue
Stable earnings base
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace 3 Expansion of scale Expansion into the Accumulation of assets in
space-related area the aerospace business
Composition of Revenue Growth
Through growth in core businesses and new business investment, we aim to raise operating profit to approxi- mately ¥45 billion.
Projected Growth in Operating Profit
Increase operating profit approximately ¥10 billion through new business investment
Approx. 45.0
(Billions of yen)
23.5
18.8
FY2015 FY2016
22.6
FY2017
26.2
FY2018
30.3
FY2019
(YoY increase in fiscal 2019)
Core businesses
FY2021
New business investment
14 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
VISION-130
future 135
FY2020
First three years
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Last three years

   1 Stable earnings base
ICT Solution Business: Sustained Growth Using Our Strengths
Stable earnings base
          Leverage Kanematsu’s competitive advantage as a provider of multi-vendor solutions to bolster sales capabilities
Develop one-stop IT infrastructure services
  KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
 KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
Japan, Asia (China, Southeast Asia)
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd., Nippon Office Systems Ltd.
Japan
KEL Technical Service Ltd.
 As a provider of multi-vendor solutions not bound to any specific manufacturer, Kanematsu operates businesses in virtualization solutions and infrastructure development, areas in which it has a strong track record, as well as a security busi- ness serving mainly large corporations as end users.
Furthermore, by providing services ranging from the design and construction of corporate information services to their maintenance and operation through a one-stop frame- work, we are working to differentiate our business and secure a competitive advantage.
In the IT market, investment in digital technologies has been expanding, spurred by work style reforms and digital transformation (DX) initiatives. In addition to strategic IT investment, corporate demand for system investment aimed at improving productivity and efficiency as well as saving labor is expected to be firm.
Moreover, with customer requirements for IT investment growing more advanced and complex, many companies are shifting from ownership to cloud-based usage models, driving rapid changes in business formats.
Market Environment
  Year One Progress
Over the past year, we continued to focus efforts on the infrastructure development business, drawing on our accu- mulated technological capabilities, and on our core solution businesses, including virtualization and security, thereby advancing business expansion.
Specifically, we continued to focus on building virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI), which is enjoying firm demand for use as a part of work style reforms, and the storage plat- form building business, which is seeing robust capital expen- diture, reflecting growing data volumes within companies. In addition, we continued to promote IT infrastructure replacement aimed at improving system efficiency and security.
Furthermore, we advanced initiatives to transition toward services, such as pay-as-you-go billing options that allow customers to use only the IT resources required by their specific business strategies.
Path to Achieving the Medium-Term Vision
  In this rapidly changing industry, we aim to expand our existing business areas and provide optimized ICT environ- ments while maintaining a clear vision for the future, securing outstanding human resources to provide cutting-edge, valu- able services, and improving our technological capabilities.
To establish comprehensive relationships with our customers as a strategic partner, we will make investments aimed at providing wide-ranging services and proactively form alliances. By doing so, we will strive to increase
enterprise value and achieve sustained growth. Furthermore, through the ICT solutions business, we will
help create platforms for industry and technological innova- tion. At the same time, we will support the creation of design and development environments for globalizing manufac- turing industries and promote the utilization of ICT in educa- tional and medical institutions. In these ways, we will help solve social issues.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 15
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  Growth Strategy by Business under the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
 2 Acquisition of added value Electronics: Reorganization and Reinforcement of the Printer Business
Added value
In March 2017, Kanematsu welcomed G-Printec, Inc. into the Group. Since then, we have realized synergy based on Kanematsu’s overseas sales network and extensive business experience and worked to maintain and expand G-Printec’s OEM trading. Furthermore, we worked with domestic manufacturers with which we have longstanding relationships to begin efforts to cultivate global markets. These efforts began to yield results.
Path to Achieving the Medium-Term Vision
We will further expand and diversify our manufacturer func- tions, centered on the product planning, design, and develop- ment functions of G-Printec, Inc. In addition, as a close partner to domestic manufacturers, we will invest human resources and capital to coordinate and secure overseas sales channels, aggressively working to enter downstream areas.
        Expansion of the printer business
Japan, United States, Europe, Asia G-Printec, Inc.
Market Environment
In the photo, card, and label printing industries—our main markets—demand for desktop printers is gradually expanding, buoyed by innovation in basic technologies and improvements in image quality. The aggressive market entry of manufacturers overseas is contributing to intensifying market competition.
Year One Progress
 KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
   Foods & Grain: Expansion in the Food Markets in Asia
Developing food markets in Asia
Asia
Kanematsu Corporation, P.T. Kanemory Food Service, PT. Abadi Tunggal Lestari
Market Environment
Indonesia boasts Southeast Asia’s largest population (approxi- mately 270 million) and GDP (approximately ¥110 trillion, steadily growing at more than 5% per year), * with a demo- graphic dividend that is expected to continue until around 2045, the 100th anniversary of the nation’s independence. Going forward, Indonesia’s standards of living and internal demand, especially in the food market, are expected to continue rising. Furthermore, as approximately 90% of the population is Muslim, Indonesia is attracting considerable attention and presents great opportunity as a halal market (the country’s Halal Product Assurance Law is slated to go into effect in October 2019).
*JETRO figures for 2018.
Year One Progress
Kanemory Food Service (KFS) is a Kanematsu Group food processing joint venture company focused mainly on delica- tessens that operates a halal-certified factory in Indonesia. The factory is now in its fifth year of operation. KFS is lever- aging the sales channels of its joint venture partner and of overseas affiliate Kanematsu Trading Indonesia (KTI), includ- ing Japanese-owned restaurant franchise businesses in which Kanematsu has invested, to steadily expand its sales, mainly to the restaurant market and to Japanese-owned
convenience stores and mass retailers. In addition, Dunia Express Transindo (DUNEX), in which Kanematsu has invest- ed, is one of the largest Japanese-owned warehousing and logistics companies in Indonesia. Targeting the refrigerated and frozen foods market, which is expected to grow going forward, in October 2018, DUNEX established a warehouse with three temperature zones (cooled, refrigerated, and frozen; halal certification application in process). By adding storage functions to its existing cold transport business, DUNEX is expanding its areas of business.
Path to Achieving the Medium-Term Vision
We will expand the scale and sales channels of KTI’s import, export, procurement, and wholesaling functions as well as the restaurant franchise business, strengthen coordination with DUNEX, which boasts refrigerated warehousing and distribu- tion functions, and reinforce KFS’s product development capa- bilities, which can accommodate customer needs ranging from small-volume, high-variety orders to mass production.
Furthermore, we are considering reinforcing manufacturing functions though coordination with Kanematsu KGK Indonesia, which has strengths in the food machinery field, as well as addi- tional investment aimed at expansion, namely, the establish- ment of a second factory.
We will bring to bear the Group’s integrated strength, centered on KFS’s processing functions, to target halal markets both in Indonesia and nearby countries. By doing so, we will expand the food busi- ness and build value chains.
 KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
    16 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

   3 Expansion of scale
Mobile Business: Strategic Scale Expansion/Reinforcement of Store Revenue
          Strategic expansion of scale
Kanematsu Communications Ltd.
• Nationwide network of mobile phone sales outlets • Directly operated stores: 157
Secondary agency stores: 269 (As of June 30, 2019)
Market Environment
Revisions to the Telecommunications Business Act will soon require the complete separation of telecom data fees from device prices, causing dramatic changes in Japan’s mobile industry from fiscal 2020 onward. Going forward, as competi- tion increases, efficient store operations and securing human resources will be more important than ever.
Year One Progress
By working to develop our human resources and improve their skills, we increased the earnings power of our stores. Furthermore, the implementation of a service reservation system at stores has further improved operational efficiency.
Expansion of scale
Path to Achieving the Medium-Term Vision
Kanematsu maintains a nationwide network of stores while providing services closely tailored to local needs. We are striving to improve the skills of our store staff so that they can provide clear, useful explanations and offer optimal services for each customer. We believe that such initiatives will be flex- ibly adaptable to changes in the market structure. Going forward, we aim to continue expanding our store network to leverage merits of scale.
In addition, we aim to create new business models for the coming 5G market.
   KEY BUSINESS COMPANY
       Foods & Grain: Scale Expansion of the Meat Products Business
 Scale expansion of the meat products business
Japan, Asia (China, Southeast Asia)
Kanematsu Corporation, Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp.
Market Environment
In the Japanese market, demand for animal products is expected to increase over the short and medium terms, reflecting such trade agreements as the TPP, the EPA with the EU, and the TAG with the United States, as well as the lifting of age restrictions on U.S. beef, and increasingly diverse production regions. However, the market is expected to shrink in the long term, due to demo- graphic graying and population decline.
Year One Progress
We expanded our beef business in China. Based on firm rela- tionships with suppliers developed through the trading of Japan-bound goods, we reinforced China-bound purchasing. In addition, leveraging the processing functions of our affiliate Dalian Matsutomo Foods Co., Ltd., we reinforced beef ingre- dient sales by providing additional value. Among other Japan- bound products, following the lifting of a 19-year ban on
Uruguayan beef, Kanematsu moved ahead of the competition to begin trading in related products. We also began handling Canadian beef, which benefitted from a decrease in tariffs under the TPP. Through these efforts, we diversified the production regions with which we do businesses.
Path to Achieving the Medium-Term Vision
Through business tie-ups with and investment in suppliers in North America, South America, Australia, and elsewhere, we will strengthen functions in upstream areas of the value chain and reinforce our beef ingredient procurement. Furthermore, we will build value chains in key locations in Southeast Asia and expand our sales network, focusing mainly on processing and sales functions. At the same time, in the Japanese market, we will reinforce sales of Japanese beef in and outside Japan. By handling beef produced in Japan, in addition to imported beef,
which has long been an area of strength, we aim to provide a stable supply of beef to consumers.
 KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 17
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  Growth Strategy by Business under the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
       Expansion of scale
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace: Accumulation of Assets in the Aircraft Parts Business
   Scale expansion of the aircraft parts business
Europe
KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd. (KGAR)
Market Environment
Robust passenger demand is expected over the long term, and the number of aircraft in service is forecast to steadily increase. Demand for single-aisle, narrow body aircraft, such as the Boeing 737 series and Airbus A320 series, is expected to be especially strong, with over 10,000 such aircraft to be delivered over the coming decade.
Year One Progress
In fiscal 2019, we purchased retired aircraft. Aiming to expand in scale, we dispatched our employee to Dublin, Ireland, working to improve business performance and reinforce inventory manage- ment systems. Furthermore, we began significant market research efforts in coordination with Kanematsu’s Aerospace Department with an eye to moving into Asian markets.
Path to Achieving the Medium-Term Vision
We will continue to expand the part-out business, in which we purchase used aircraft and disassemble them to sell the components. While expanding our customer base in Asia, we are considering opportunities to add new services, such as expanding the range of parts we handle and internally main- taining and repairing aircraft parts. As we advance such efforts, we aim to remain a trusted supplier. Through the aircraft rotable parts and part-out businesses, we will promote the reuse of aircraft parts while expanding and diversifying our businesses.
 KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
    Steel: Horizontal Development in the Machinery and Chemical Businesses
  Scale expansion in the steel plate processing business
South Korea, United States, Mexico, others
Kanematsu Corporation, Kanematsu Korea Corporation, Kanematsu USA Inc.
Market Environment
High-value-added household appliances, one of our key busi- ness areas, are expected to see stable growth going forward.
In addition, we are expanding sales of products for solar energy, smart farms, commercial vehicles, and other areas expected to see growth.
Year One Progress
Through our long-established trading relationships, we have built up a wealth of insight regarding this business’s market environment and products. Using this insight, we invested in overseas partners who can help us achieve differentiation in order to expand going forward.
Path to Achieving the Medium-Term Vision
By advancing and deepening post-merger integration, we will reinforce the integrated strength of the Group. At the same time, we will expand the business areas in which we operate.
 KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
    18 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

   4 Investment in innovation (seeds)
AI/IoT: New Businesses Based on Advanced Technologies
Investment in innovation (seeds)
          Market Environment
Rapidly ascending start-ups and venture capital investment remain brisk, most notably in Silicon Valley, and market condi- tions are expected to remain favorable for Kanematsu’s goals of uncovering advanced technologies and business models while supporting start-up growth.
Year One Progress
Kanematsu has invested in Cyber Innovation Partners II, a fund established by AllegisCyber Capital, a venture capital firm based in Silicon Valley that specializes in cyber security. In addition, through our own networks, we expanded communications with a wide range of startups, accelerating business creation efforts.
Path to Achieving the Medium-Term Vision
We will effectively utilize information provided by Cyber Innovation Partners II and Kanematsu’s own networks to deepen coordination with Kanematsu Group companies while developing new businesses. In addition, we will endeavor to cultivate networks not only in Silicon Valley, but in Japan, Israel, India, and China to serve as the core of the Group’s innovation investment.
         KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 19
  Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 20
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
50
40
30
20
10
0
26.2
FY2018
30.3
16.6
FY2019
31.0
FY2020 (Forecast)
Half of the approximately ¥20 billion increase in operating profit to come from business investment
45.0
25.0
Message from the CFO
The Roadmap for future 135
The Kanematsu Group has entered the second year of its medium-term vision, future 135. As we progress further into the term of the vision, I would like to explain the roadmap for reaching the consolidated profit target for its final year, ¥25 billion.
Reaching ¥25 Billion in Consolidated Profit
Compared with other trading companies, dividend income and profits from investments accounted for using the equity method represent only a small portion of Kanematsu’s profit. This gives Kanematsu the unique characteristic of having little difference between its operating profit and profit before tax. As such, when our consolidated profit reaches ¥25 billion, operating profit will be approximately ¥45 billion.
The medium-term vision calls for increasing operating
Aiming to Increase Shareholder Value
Tetsuro Tsutano
Director, Senior Executive Officer, CFO
profit by around ¥20 billion over six years from the ¥26.2 billion recorded in fiscal 2018. Around half of this increase will come from growth in core businesses, while the other half will come from revenue growth and increased added value via new business investment.
Fiscal 2019, the first year of future 135, marked a solid start, with operating profit increasing more than ¥4 billion year on year to ¥30.3 billion, mainly due to growth in core businesses.
Assumptions Underlying Business Investment
Business investment in fiscal 2019 totaled approximately ¥8 billion. In order to increase operating profit by around ¥10 billion under the vision, we plan to make another ¥60 billion to ¥100 billion in business investments over the coming five years. Kanematsu’s financial position is very sound, with a net D/E ratio of 0.4 at the end of fiscal 2019. Even if we make business investments of ¥100 billion over the next five
Figure 1. Operating Profit/Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(Billions of yen)
16.3
17.0
80
Operating profit Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent
FY2024 (Forecast)

 years, since operating cash flows will stably generate ¥10 billion to ¥20 billion per year, the net D/E ratio is expected to remain close to 0.5.
Furthermore, we are selecting business investments based on a hurdle rate of 8%, above our 7% cost of equity.
The Third-Year Midway Point
March 2021, the end of the vision’s third year, will mark its midway point. If at that point new business investment has not proceeded as planned, cash and bank deposits will increase instead, as will shareholders’ equity, and the net D/E ratio will further improve, at the cost of ROE. At this halfway point, we will reassess our direction going forward, including such scenarios.
Increasing Shareholder Value
Rationale behind the ROE Target
Under the medium-term vision, Kanematsu is targeting ROE (consolidated profit ÷ shareholders’ equity) of 13% to 15%. We expect Kanematsu’s gross consolidated financial lever- age (shareholders’ equity to gross interest-bearing debt) to be close to 1:1, and if we were, for example, to maintain ROE of 13%, ROIC (return on invested capital, calculated as consolidated profit ÷ (shareholder’s equity + gross interest- bearing debt)) would be around half of that, or 6.5%. By working to keep ROIC in the 6.5% to 7.5% range, we will maintain our target ROE.
In the vision’s first year, Kanematsu recorded ¥16.6 billion in consolidated profit, for ROIC of 6.4% and ROE of 13.8%, within our target range.
Comparison with WACC
As mentioned above, our cost of equity is approximately 7%, and, given the current zero-interest environment, our weighted average cost of capital (WACC) is less than 5%. We are working to provide greater shareholder value by achiev-
ing ROIC in excess of WACC and ROE of 13% to 15%.
Our Stock Price
Since March 2016, Kanematsu’s stock price has moved more than either the Nikkei average or TOPIX, steadily rising and boosted in part by our efforts to raise shareholder returns every year (Figure 3). While the dividend yield has increased from 3% to 4.9%, the price-earnings ratio has fallen from 7.9 to around 6 times, and the price-to-book ratio has been almost flat.
By leveraging the unique characteristics of Kanematsu as listed below, we will work to ensure Kanematsu’s true enter- prise value is clear to the market so as to maintain an appro- priate stock price.
• We are focusing business investment on businesses where
we have insight in key areas and use a hurdle rate based on the cost of equity to make investment decisions, striv- ing to maintain ROE and ROIC.
• The Group’s financial base is solid, with a net D/E ratio of 0.4, a risk asset ratio of just over 0.3, and very low risk of impairment on goodwill.
• Our stable revenue structure, with its relatively low portion of profits from investments accounted for using the equity method, makes it easy to return consolidated cash flows to shareholders.
• Although we aim to expand overseas going forward, a large portion of our total revenue—83%—is currently from domestic businesses, providing insulation from the impact of international developments, such as the recent U.S.-China trade frictions and Brexit.
• We have withdrawn from such high-risk businesses as natural resource and real estate investment.
Going forward, we will strive to maintain active communica- tion with shareholders and investors and take their views into account as we work to enhance shareholder value.
Figure 3. Comparison of Kanematsu’s Stock Price, the Nikkei Average, and TOPIX
2.2
2.1
    Figure 2. ROE/ROIC
(%)
20
15
10
(Billions of yen)
   Kanematsu
Nikkei Average
TOPIX
 16.3
16.6
17.0
20
15
10
2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1.0 0.9
           8.0
15.1
6.7
13.8
   8.4
3.5
  55
6.4
    0
0
  FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
16/3 16/5 16/7 16/9 16/11 17/1 17/3 17/5 17/7 17/9 17/11 18/1 18/3 18/5 18/7 18/9 18/11 19/1 19/3 19/5
ROE (Left)
ROIC (Left)
Profit for the year (Right)
Note Increase or decrease, with the value at March 31, 2016 as 1
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 21
(Year/Month)
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   Review of Operations
 Electronics & Devices
 Semiconductor Equipment
Electronic Components and Materials
Industrial Electronics
Semiconductors & Devices
Semiconductor/LCD Manufacturing Equipment
Semiconductor manufacturing and testing equipment; LCD manufacturing and testing equipment; OLED production equipment
Electronic Components
Amusement related products; Vehicle equipment; AV related products; Camera modules; Micro-lenses; System boards; Printed circuit boards and materials
Semiconductors/LCD Materials
LED components; OLED materials; Solar cell components; Battery components; Metal materials for electronic and functional components; Surface treatment agents; Functional films
Optical Device Materials
Components for display devices and optical devices
Industrial Printers
Industrial printers and related consumables
Livingwares
Batteries; Household supplies
Semiconductors & Devices
Semiconductor devices; Sensor devices; LCD panels; Components for smartphones and tablets; Control modules for lithium ion batteries; Image sensors; image sensor back-end processing; Board assembly; Finished EMS products; IoT solutions
ICT Solutions
Mobile
CCTV Systems
ICT and communications equipment and devices; ICT and communication services; System integration
Mobile communication terminals; Mobile internet system and services
Sale and installation of CCTV systems (security devices)
                     Foods & Grain
  Foods
Meat and Marine Products
Grain, Food Soybeans, Oilseeds
Feedstuff
Processed fruits (frozen/canned); Concentrated fruit/ vegetable juices; Confectionery ingredients (nuts, dry fruits, dairy products, couverture chocolate, cocoa powder, etc.); Coffee; Teas; Alcoholic beverages (wine, whiskey, sake, etc.); Sesame seeds; Sugar; Honey; Peanuts; Pulses and peas; Nuts and seeds; Cooked foods; Others
Meat products: Beef; Pork; Chicken; Mutton/Lamb; Special poultry such as turkey and duck; Horsemeat; Others
Marine products: Cephalopods (octopus, squid, etc.); Crustaceans (shrimp, etc.); Frozen fish; Seafood ingredients for sushi; Others
Rice; Wheat; Barley; Corn; Soybeans (for food, for oil); Defatted soya-flake for soy sauce production; Buckwheat; Corn grits; Corn starch; High-fructose corn syrup; Rapeseed; Cottonseed; Others
Feed grain (corn, milo, soybeans, etc.); Plant protein meal (soybean meal, rapeseed meal, etc.); Animal protein meal (Fish meal, etc.); Other by-products; Dairy products for feed (skim milk, whey powder); Roughage (baled hay, beet pulp pellets, etc.); Fish oil; Prebiotics (Laxel Force); Fertilizer; Others
Processed Agricultural Products
Pet Products and Groceries
Processed wheat (wheat flour, pasta, frozen bread dough, etc.); Cereal ingredients; Vegetable oil; Olive oil; Others
Pet food and snacks; Pet products; Tropical fish; Raw ingredients for pet food and snacks; Products wholesaled to DIY stores (home improvement retailers)
            22 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
s
e
c
i
v
e
D
&
s
c
i
n
o
r
t
c
e
l
E
n
i
a
r
G
&
s
d
o
o
F

  Steel, Materials & Plant
 Steel
Foreign Trade of Iron and Steel
Export of various kinds of steel sheets, plates, bar products, and pipe and tubing products; Export of porcelain enamel steel sheets
Foreign Trade of Specialty Steel
Export and third-country trading of stainless steel sheets and plates, specialty ferrous wire materials and bar products, and welding materials
Domestic and Foreign Trade of a Full Range of Steel Products
Import and third-country trade of ferrous raw materials; Export and import of steel materials and sub-materials
Materials
Functional Chemicals
Incense materials; Lubricant-related materials; Fertilizer materials; Papermaking chemicals; Synthetic rubber; Petrochemical products
Healthcare
Functional food materials; Health supplements
Life Science
Pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical and agrichemical intermediates; Pharmaceutical ingredients
Crude Oil, Petroleum Products
Crude oil; Jet fuel oil; Gasoline; Kerosene; Diesel oil; Fuel oil (bunker A and C); Lubricant oil and additives for industrial and automobile use
LPG
LPG (propane, butane, autogas)
Biomass fuel
PKS; Wood pellets
Development of Environment-Related Materials and New Technologies
Heat reflective paint; Carbon credit trading; Heat reflective paint; Carbon credit trading; Biomass fuel
Plants, Environmental Business
Chemical and petrochemical plants; Industrial plants (papermaking plants, auto-manufacturing plants and other plants); Utility and process systems for oil and gas plants; Infrastructure facilities; Scrap-processing facilities; Environmental facilities
Cargo Vessels
Shipbuilding; Used ships; Equipment package deals for new ships (including ship design, engineering)
Machine Tools and Industrial Machinery
Machine tools; Industrial machinery and peripheral equipment
Electric Power Cable Projects
Electric power and communication cable projects; Power generation plants (including design, engineering, installation)
ODA
ODA projects (medicine/pharmaceuticals, insurance, broadcasting and communications, power generation, environment, infrastructure, water supply, education)
              Plant & Ships
         Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
 Motor Vehicles and Parts
Motorcycle and automobile parts; Complete Built Up (CBU) vehicles; Construction & industrial machinery; Power products
Aerospace
Fixed-wing aircraft; Helicopters; Equipment and Components/Parts for aircraft & helicopters; Aircraft rotable parts; Small satellites; Space- related products, Small launch vehicles
Night vision goggles
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 23
S
t
e
e
l
,
M
a
t
e
r
i
a
l
s
&
P
l
a
n
t
M
o
t
o
r
V
e
h
i
c
l
e
s
&
A
e
r
o
s
p
a
c
e

   Segment Vision
Constantly provide solutions to interna- tional society by leveraging advanced technologies in all fields
 Electronics & Devices
Our operations include the ICT solutions and the mobile businesses as well as value chains ranging from electronics-related materials to components and equipment. Using our wealth of electronics technology and know-how, we are advancing new initiatives in the IoT and AI fields and offering new value to contribute to society.
  Division Composition
The Electronics & Devices Division comprises five busi- ness areas: 1. electronic devices and materials, 2. semi- conductor equipment and components, 3. ICT solutions, 4. the mobile business, and 5. CCTV systems. We are building supply chains and sales networks for these business areas in and outside Japan. In addition to our longstanding businesses in electronic devices, mainly for consumer and automotive use, and hardware compo- nent and material value chains, we offer services to meet a wide range of customer needs, including in the cloud solutions, security equipment, and mobile commu- nications businesses, which have been growing in recent years, as well as areas related to the Internet of Things (IoT).
Review of the First Year of future 135
Technological innovation in the ICT solutions business, mobile business and electronics industry is advancing rapid- ly, and globalized and flattered markets are becoming the norm are becoming the norm. While tech giants wielding powerful IT platforms are increasingly dominating markets, moves toward avoiding tech oligopolies have recently been emerging around the world. Furthermore, the impact of politics on economics has gradually been increasing, as with the U.S.-China trade frictions. The world thus faces turning points on a number of fronts. At the same time, demand for AI and the importance of internet solutions are growing, and new demand for self-driving and electric vehicles is expanding in the automobile industry. Such changing mar-
Masahiro Harada
Senior Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Electronics & Devices Division
kets are presenting growing needs for precisely tailored ser- vices and total solutions for increasingly global customers.
During the first year of future 135, we realized further synergies from the M&A conducted under VISION-130 and increased our holdings in a major player within a niche area to 100%, helping increase revenue. At the same time, we continued to advance measures to expand in scale and secure added value. Furthermore, following the spinoff of highly specialized sections, demand for semiconductors used in automobiles rose, and we finished the first year of future 135 on solid footing. We successfully captured grow- ing investment in LCD manufacturing equipment in China, leading to orders received that will be filled over the next several years. Meanwhile, we weathered somewhat chal- lenging conditions in semiconductor manufacturing equip- ment as a result of rapid market shrinkage.
Measures to Achieve future 135
The Electronics & Devices Division has assumed a policy aimed at coordination with the Group and growth. By pur- suing business tie-ups, capital alliances, business acquisi- tions, and R&D investment both within Kanematsu and throughout the Group, we will further develop and strengthen our current mainstay businesses to enhance syn- ergies and achieve scale expansion. We especially plan to advance M&A and innovation investment in and outside Japan. Meanwhile, we continue to work toward greater dif- ferentiation. Specifically, we are adding value through the supply of modules using electronics manufacturing services (EMS) and other services, including design and develop- ment; package solutions; and just-in-time supply backed by advanced warehouse functions. Furthermore, in ICT, we are reinforcing one-stop solutions and security services and making aggressive, future-oriented investments. Leveraging Kanematsu’s strengths as a trading company, we are collab- orating with other divisions, aiming to create new markets using IT, AI, and IoT in other business formats. Overseas, the Electronics & Devices Division continues to create support structures near customer sites in China, Southeast Asia, North and Central America, Europe, and elsewhere, as we
  24 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

     Business Results and Forecasts
FY2019
Revenue–external
¥265.5billion Segment profit
¥18.5billion
Segment Profit
FY2020 (Forecast)
(¥ billion)
20.0
15.0
  17.6 14.3
18.5 18.5
   ¥270.0billion
10.0
5.0
10.7
     ¥18.5billion
0
    work to establish global value chains. By actively incorporat- ing such innovations as IoT, M2M, CASE,1 MaaS,2 SaaS,3 cloud service, cyber security, fintech, and blockchain technologies, we will offer more advanced, flexible business models.
1. An abbreviation for four trends in the automotive industry: connected, autonomous, shared & services, and electric
2. Mobility as a service 3. Software as a service
Strengths and Tasks to Address
Our ICT solutions and mobile businesses boast solid foun- dations within the industry and are generating stable prof- its. However, we believe that we can further exercise our strengths and raise our industry position. In the semicon- ductor component and equipment as well as the electron- ic devices and materials fields, we maintain expansive supply chains handling items ranging from large LCD- related equipment to components and materials as well as a robust customer base, allowing us to offer unique proposals and solutions. In our Industrial Electronics busi- ness, we enjoy stable operations around the world in business printers, a niche market, supplying a wide portfolio of printer products and consumables. While this business area is small, it is growing steadily. We also offer such unique added value as industrial CMOS image sensors as well as component and module supply chains for the amusement market. Furthermore, in electronic materials, by providing just-in-time services, we are playing a crucial role in helping customers build their supply chains.
At the same time, we continue to face a variety of chal- lenges, such as rapid changes in Japan’s major electronics companies, changes in markets and their major players due to technological innovation, the saturation of PC mar- kets, the slowdown of smartphone markets, the impact of rate structure changes on mobile phone sales agencies, and supply chain changes due to U.S.-China trade friction.
Going forward, working toward further expansion by rallying overall Group strengths to continue advancing new initiatives and creating new businesses remains a pressing task.
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 (Forecast)
Group company’s comment
     Kiyoharu Ohtani
President & CEO, G-Printec, Inc.
G-Printec, Inc.
G-Printec, Inc. is a card printer manufacturer established in March 2017, when Kanematsu took over JVCKENWOOD Corporation’s printer business.
More than 20 years after the launch of the world’s first dye sublimation re-transfer card printer in 1997, we continue to step
up our printer development capabilities and control technologies, realizing Group synergies with Kanematsu’s overseas sales network and business experience as we aim for global business expansion.
Demand for cards for verification applications, such as government-issued IDs and driver licenses, is shifting from conventional magnetic cards to more secure smart cards embedded with IC chips. This shift is the result of the growing needs for counterfeit and manipulation prevention and for use with software applications. G-Printec offers a robust lineup of printers and peripheral equipment to meet these and other needs, including high-resolution, high-end printers for precision microtext printing that helps prevent counterfeiting.
Under the slogan “Global and Growing Printing Technology—G-Printec, Inc.,” we strive to contribute to
society through printing technology.
Dye sublimation re-transfer card printer
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 25
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   Segment Vision
Support people in Japan and across Asia by providing a stable supply of safe, reliable food ingredients
 Foods & Grain
Committed to safe, secure food, this segment works to ensure stable supplies of a wide range of foods, including grains, raw oil and fat materials, animal feedstuff, marine products, and other high-value- added items, through an integrated supply system spanning raw material procurement to finished product processing.
  Division Composition
As of April 1, 2016, to increase specialization, more effectively implement strategies, and strengthen cus- tomer relationships while reinforcing business develop- ment, the former Foods & Grain Division was split into the Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division, which handles such products as grain and animal feedstuff, and the Foods Division, which handles such products as pro- cessed foods and animal products. These two divisions provide a wide range of goods and services related to food for people and their pets, spanning everything from grain, agricultural products, meat and marine products, ingredients for desserts, alcoholic and non- alcoholic beverages, frozen foods, and processed foods to animal feedstuff and fertilizer.
Review of the First Year of future 135
Foods Division Under future 135, we aim to expand our earnings base, mainly by securing added value to add new functions to existing businesses, with a particular focus on scale expansion in the meat products business and develop- ing food markets in Asia.
future 135 got off to a smooth start in its first year. We established Dalian Matsutomo Foods Co., Ltd. in China to handle the primary processing and sales of beef and other meat products, setting up a firm foundation for the scale expansion of the meat products business in the Chinese market, which is seeing ongoing growth. Furthermore, we began importing Uruguayan beef in February 2019, culti- vating markets in and outside Japan to expand the beef
Masayuki Hamasaki
Senior Executive Officer,
Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division and Foods Division
business. To develop food markets in Asia, in Indonesia, we leveraged the refrigerated warehouse infrastructure of DUNEX, a Group comprehensive logistics company, to con- struct a cold chain for distributing processed food products produced at a Kanematsu Group cooked foods factory in that country to restaurants and mass retailers in and outside the Group.
Grain,Oilseeds&FeedstuffDivision Underfuture135,the Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division is advancing up-, mid- and downstream strategies to achieve its vision of contrib- uting to agriculture, the food supply, and the enjoyment of food around the world. Upstream, we are establishing logis- tics bases in raw material producing regions to secure a sta- ble supply of grain and feedstuff materials and promote sales in both domestic and overseas markets. Midstream, we are reinforcing the sales functions of Group companies to create frameworks to more quickly and precisely meet customer needs, thereby aiming for scale expansion. Downstream, we are actively developing restaurant and other businesses, focusing mainly on the Be Smile Project, a “sixth industry” business entity.
future 135 got off to a good start. In particular, we entered the business of manufacturing and selling puffed soybeans, a feedstuff material, in the city of Dalian, China, with the aim of securing a share of the growing Chinese market by capturing added value.
Measures to Achieve future 135
Foods Division We aim to evolve from mere trading opera- tions by implementing internal reforms to emphasize spe- cific functions and roles in order to build value chains. Moreover, we are actively implementing business invest- ments and M&A in order to improve the functions of the Kanematsu Group in up-, mid-, and downstream roles and realize scale expansion. Specifically, we are capturing important suppliers using exclusive contracts and invest- ment as our strategy for producing regions while securing processing functions overseas, mainly in Asia, as our added value strategy. Furthermore, as our scale expansion
  26 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

     Business Results and Forecasts
FY2019
Revenue–external
¥244.9billion Segment profit
¥4.0
strategy, we are pursuing horizontal integration via M&A.
Grain,Oilseeds&FeedstuffDivision WearehelpingJapan’s dairy and other farmers improve their productivity and competitiveness, aiming to achieve global business expan- sion alongside them. In terms of asset strategy, we are actively investing in logistics bases at production and con- sumption sites, working to ensure the stable supply of grain and feedstuff materials and expand sales channels in Japan and abroad. Using value chains built through vertical inte- gration, we aim to offer superior, highly differentiated ser- vices in such areas as pet-related businesses and food soybeans. Furthermore, Kanematsu is leveraging its strengths in business development that crosses industry boundaries to accelerate business creation in the smart agriculture field leveraging AI and IoT technologies.
Strengths and Tasks to Address
Foods Division Kanematsu’s strengths lie in the firm relation- ships with business partners and customers that it has culti- vated over the years as well as in its product manufacturing and development, which go beyond mere trading. At pres- ent, we face the urgent task of leveraging these strengths to horizontally expand and create new businesses. By opti- mizing roles within the Group to improve the responsive- ness of sales divisions and improving the new business acceleration framework, we will achieve robust growth.
Grain,Oilseeds&FeedstuffDivision Fromgrain,foodsoy- beans, oilseeds, feedstuff materials, fertilizer, and processed agricultural products to pet-related businesses, all of the Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division’s businesses boast dif- ferentiated products and provide added value, a Kanematsu hallmark. These are the division’s strengths. In terms of scale, however, these businesses have considerable room for growth. Through collaboration and alliances with our partner companies, we will improve the functions of the Kanematsu Group at every stage of the value chain to expand business scale and provide useful products and ser- vices to even more customers.
Segment Profit
FY2020 (Forecast)
¥250.0billion
¥4.0
(¥ billion)
5.0
4.0
3.0
2.0
1.0
0
4.0 4.0
     2.5 1.4
2.1
   billion
billion
 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 (Forecast)
Group company’s comment
Kanematsu Soytech Corp.
     Masanobu Nanse
President,
Kanematsu Soytech Corp.
Kanematsu Soytech began in 1883 as the Iimura Tofu Shop. In 1952, Iimura Trading Company was founded and, in 2006, its tofu ingredient sales division was split off to create Iimura Agri Co., Ltd., which, upon becoming a fully owned subsidiary of Kanematsu Corporation, was renamed Kanematsu Soytech Corp.
While procuring non-genetically-modified (non- GMO) soybeans for the Japanese market has become increasingly difficult in recent years, we have secured numerous suppliers, most notably an affiliate that gathers and sorts non-GMO soybeans in Ohio, in the United States, to meet demand. Thanks in part to this network, the volume of soybeans handled by the Kanematsu Group is among the highest in the industry.
In our grain business, which handles Japanese sweets, cooked beans, and red bean paste, we leverage expert knowledge of bean quality and ingredients to ensure a stable supply. Our procurement routes extend across Japan, North America, China, and as far as South America, to offer the best possible beans and pulses.
As important ingredients in traditional Japanese cuisine, soybeans and other beans and pulses are essential to daily life in Japan. Thanks to increases in health consciousness, expectations regarding soy and other beans are expanding from East Asia to the world. We see the stewardship of the knowledge and culture of these crucial foods as a vital mission. With that in mind, we strive to be the most trusted vendor of beans and pulses in Japan.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 27
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   Segment Vision
Change society by providing high-value- added products through businesses that support infrastructure
 Steel, Materials & Plant
This segment engages in operations covering the full range of iron and steel products, energy solutions, functional chemicals, and industrial plant and infrastructure facilities. While this segment handles a wide variety of operations, in each business area we boast highly specialized staff who uphold our commitment to supplying and developing high- value-added products.
  Division Composition
The Steel, Materials & Plant Division was launched in April 2013, integrating three divisions that, until then, had operated independently. By gathering experts in the fields of steel, materials (centered mainly on func- tional chemicals and energy), and plant to share infor- mation and insights, we believe that we can generate substantial synergies.
Businesses that span the fields of steel, materials and plant are already beginning to grow into pillars of profit. Such businesses include the oilfield tubing busi- ness and the specialty steel business for petrochemical plants, which supplies chimney desulfurization equip- ment and other products. At the same time, we are actively working to develop a new generation of busi- nesses for the future.
Review of the First Year of future 135
Under future 135, the Steel, Materials & Plant division aims to increase revenues from existing businesses based on the pillars of scale expansion and increased added value through business investment, one of Kanematsu’s Companywide priority initiatives.
During the first year of the vision, our North American oilfield tubing business performed very well. Backed by booming drilling demand in the United States, which is now the world’s leading oil producer, this business con- tributed significantly to increasing segment revenue. We
Eiji Kan
Managing Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division
expect a new technical center to be completed by the end of 2019 and a new factory to begin operations in summer 2020 to help meet rising demand for shale gas and oil drilling. We also intend to meet demand for off- shore production, which is expected to see further recov- ery going forward.
In March 2019, we invested in a South Korean steel sheet and plate processer. This company is a primary ven- dor of major South Korean electronics makers and boasts not only processing but product development capabili- ties, making it a highly valuable strategic partner. Going forward, we will work to strengthen our relationships with electronics manufacturers through said company while pursuing opportunities related to supplying Japanese-made steel sheets and plates and working to expand sales of our investee’s products worldwide by leveraging our overseas branches.
In the energy business, we commenced operations in January 2019 at a solar power generation business situ- ated on a formerly idle tract of land in Kobe owned by a Group company. The facility has been steadily producing power since its launch, and it promises to contribute sig- nificantly not only to consolidated revenue, but the envi- ronment as well.
The pharmaceuticals and machinery-related business- es, areas of strength for Kanematsu, have also begun to steadily see the fruits of M&A and innovation investment.
While some businesses were somewhat impacted by trade-related problems originating in the United States, the segment as a whole is beginning to see the positive effects of wide-ranging, well-balanced initiatives.
Measures to Achieve future 135
We will make future 135 achievable by focusing on reve- nue expansion. This will be supported mainly by business collaboration with suppliers and business partners with whom we have built strong relationships through years of trading and by investment in focus areas. In addition to business investment, we will seek to increase our
  28 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

     Business Results and Forecasts
FY2019
Revenue–external
¥139.4billion Segment profit
¥4.4billion
usefulness to customers in our existing trading opera- tions. For example, in the domestic iron and steel busi- ness, we have put together a team to reform business models with a focus on upstream strategy and are devel- oping and promoting new methods based on a tie-up with a design firm. Through such initiatives, we will increase the added value Kanematsu provides.
Strengths and Tasks to Address
Even as they pursue development in their own niche fields, the division’s departments have grown together into a solid, unified business, building a wealth of per- sonal relationships and business know-how. These are valuable assets and strengths of the segment.
While fully leveraging the synergies of integration remains a task we must address, we are seeing the sure beginnings of progress.
Furthermore, by advancing REDD+ initiatives based on cacao farming in Indonesia, the segment aims to help reduce CO2 emissions and relieve poverty in developing countries. We also boast expertise in the renewable ener- gy business, including biomass and solar energy. Going forward, we will dutifully carry out our social responsibili- ty of contributing to a sustainable society and the global environment.
Segment Profit
FY2020 (Forecast)
(¥ billion)
6.0 5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0
0
    ¥150.0billion ¥5.5billion
5.5 4.4
 3.9
  3.4
2.8
        FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 (Forecast)
Topics
Renewable Energy
Expanding renewable energy sales channels is a key measure for the energy business. Because wood and vegetable-oil biomass is a carbon-neutral resource, biomass power generation, which uses these fuels, helps reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate global warming.
We began to supply biomass fuels (wood pellets, palm kernel shells, etc.) for electric power generation around 2015. Today, we import such fuels from Southeast Asia and supply them to customers in Japan, helping reduce CO2 emissions. We continue working hard to expand this business.
The importance of safe and environmentally friendly renewable energy is only growing. Building on this business, we will strive to advance additional initiatives to reduce the environmental burden and contribute to sustainable development.
Wood pellets
       Palm kernel shells
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 29
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   Segment Vision
Contribute to society through proactive, next- generation business creation, one step ahead of changes in the business environment
 Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
This division comprises the motor vehicles and parts business, which handles motorcycle and automobile parts as well as completed built up vehicles, and the aerospace business, which handles aircraft and parts as well as space-related products. Leveraging its superb expertise and extensive information resources, the division operates these businesses on a global scale.
  Division Composition
The Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division was formed in April 2013 as an integration and concentration of the highly competitive automobile- and aerospace-related business units that previously existed as part of the Electronics & IT, Iron & Steel, and Machinery & Plant divi- sions. By integrating and concentrating our motor vehi- cles businesses, for which global demand is expected to grow, we aim to connect the supply chains and custom- er bases of our motorcycle and automobile businesses and thereby strengthen our sales and sourcing capabili- ties. Also, bringing the aerospace-related business units into this division has facilitated the sharing of informa- tion about cutting-edge aerospace technologies that can be used in the motor vehicles and parts field, and synergies between the aerospace and automotive units are helping create new businesses.
Since the launch of this division, we have been improving our global frameworks to reinforce our roles and functions and better serve our customers and busi- ness partners while constantly making future-oriented investments to create new businesses.
Review of the First Year of future 135
In our motorcycle and automobile businesses, as part of efforts to work with key business partners to build new businesses, a strategy carried over from VISION-130, we established a joint venture motorcycle electronics manu- facturing company in Tamil Nadu, India, with one of our
Yoshiya Miyabe
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer,
Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division
suppliers in Japan and a partner in India.
To enhance our global framework and reinforce logis-
tics we focused mainly on Asia, opening a sales office in Sriracha, Thailand, and launching operations at ware- houses in the cities of Pune, Bawal, and Chennai, India. In the aircraft business, we advanced measures to strength- en the personnel and business frameworks of the European private aircraft parts business while carrying out research and preparations aimed at entering Asian markets, which are expected to see major growth going forward. In the space business, the rocket downrange operations business gathered momentum, and small launch vehicle services attracted strong interest in Japan and other Asian countries. Furthermore, aiming to find cutting-edge technologies and new business models, we dispatched employees to Silicon Valley, established Kanematsu Ventures Inc., and invested in a Silicon Valley venture capital fund managed by AllegisCyber Capital, thereby kicking off efforts to build innovative new busi- nesses.
Measures to Achieve future 135
In our motorcycle and automobile businesses, in addition to existing OEM components trading, we are advancing initiatives in a number of new businesses. These include trading new products in the CASE1 and MaaS2 areas, data services that combine hardware with vehicle, driv- ing, and other data, and maintenance components ser- vices for growing markets in India and Asia. In the aircraft business, we are seeking expansion in scale and added value. To this end, we are extending the European pri- vate aircraft components business to Asia and North America, building on our business supplying special mis- sion aircraft made by Textron Aviation to Japanese gov- ernment agencies and helicopters made by the Italian company Leonardo to the Japan National Police Agency. We are also expanding into the maintenance, repair and operation (MRO) field. In the space business, we aim to commercialize the small launch vehicle business and
  30 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

     Business Results and Forecasts
FY2019
Revenue–external
¥62.1billion Segment profit
¥2.5billion
Segment Profit
FY2020 (Forecast)
(¥ billion)
4.0
3.0
  ¥60.0billion
2.0
3.0
  2.5 2.5 2.5
   ¥2.5billion
1.0
0
2.2
       establish a new data business model using data from positioning and micro satellite constellations. Furthermore, we will apply cutting-edge technologies from Silicon Valley, Israel, India, and China as well as information on startups to create new business models in the motorcycle and automobile, aircraft, and space busi- nesses. In the course of doing so, we aim to invest in cutting-edge technologies and establish joint businesses with our business partners.
1. An abbreviation for four trends in the automotive industry: connected, autonomous, shared & services, and electric
2. Mobility as a service
Strengths and Tasks to Address
Our greatest strength is the customer base and roster of business partners we have built up over the decades by doing business together. We have a global network that includes industry-leading customers and partners. In our efforts to find cutting-edge technologies and new busi- ness models, we talk with many startups, a practice that has the potential to generate numerous business oppor- tunities as we look to match their needs with our strengths. In recent years, commonalities between the aerospace and motor vehicles industries have been growing, expanding synergies and creating more oppor- tunities for cross-business projects within the segment in such areas as flying cars. In this once-in-century time of technological innovation, we are focusing on quickly making the necessary investments that will keep us at the head of the pack and create new businesses.
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 (Forecast)
Topics
New Space Initiatives
As a sales agency for European and American space- related manufacturers, Kanematsu is working to expand Japan’s space industry.
We provide overseas launch support for the H-IIA/B, the primary launch vehicles currently used by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). Furthermore, to enhance international competitiveness, we are working with the government to set up overseas downrange operation stations for the H3 launch vehicle, a next- generation flagship rocket currently in development, in anticipation of its maiden flight in fiscal 2020.
In addition to the conventional government-led space business, Kanematsu has been quick to get into the private-sector space business, making a forward- looking strategic investment in Vector, an American company developing micro satellite launch vehicles. Going forward, we aim to utilize data from positioning and micro satellite constellations with AI and big data technologies across our operations to further expand our business foundations.
In addition, we are proactively engaging in initiatives related to space safety, gathering data about space conditions, and dealing with space debris as we advance businesses related to space development and use.
     Vector rocket engine test firing
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 31
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Sustainability
Our Approach to Sustainability
The Kanematsu Group has codified the entrepreneurial spirit of Kanematsu’s founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, in its Corporate Principle. We engage in business in Japan and around the globe based on our mission of contributing to international society and economic development.
The challenges facing international society today, such as climate change and other increasingly serious social and environmental problems, are growing more diverse and complex. We believe that carrying out corporate activities proactively, with an awareness of these challenges and a sense of mission, serves to both help address such challenges and promote the growth of the Kanematsu Group.
With an eye toward cooperation and mutual development with our customers and business partners, we will continue to leverage the insight and know-how built up over Kanematsu’s long history to provide goods and services with added value. Through these corporate activities, we aim to achieve the sustained development of the global environment, society, economy, and of the Kanematsu Group.
 Business activities
Social contribution activities, etc.
          Business in high-value-added health foods for healthier living
Initiatives to introduce ICT to p35 livestock farming
Security business to guard against cyber attacks
Offering services closely tailored to local needs at mobile phone shops
Sustainable coffee plantation-related initiatives
Kanematsu Foundation for p34 the Research of Foreign Trade
A
Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
    B
Mutual development with local communities
Ensure health and safety through our corporate and social contribution activities to achieve mutual growth and development with local communities.
Increase management transparency, enhance appropriate oversight functions and systems, and promote sound corporate management to achieve sustained growth.
   Volunteering in areas p35 D affected by the Great East
Japan Earthquake
Supporting Amputee Soccer p34 e-Net Caravan activities
Enhancing governance
 Enhancing the corporate governance system
Enhancing internal control and risk management systems
p42 p44
32 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
Addressing the Five Key Issues

   • Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
• Mutual development with local communities
• Consideration of the global environment
• Enhancing governance
• Promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity
    Determining Materiality
The Kanematsu Group aims to take on social challenges based on a broad view of international society in order to create new markets and value. In this way we seek to contribute to the global environment, sustainable social development, and the growth of the Kanematsu Group.
At the start of the future 135 medium-term vision in fiscal 2019, we sought to determine which issues the Kanematsu Group should focus on in its corporate activities, taking into account international targets and standards—such as the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)—as well as stakeholder expectations, Kanematsu’s Corporate Principle, and importance to management. Through these efforts, we established five key issues (issues of high materiality).
     Meet the needs of people in many countries and regions by achieving the stable procurement and supply of goods and services to realize richer, comfortable living.
Aircraft rotable parts business/ part-out business
Forest conservation initiatives p36 in Indonesia (REDD+)
C
Consideration of the global environment
E
Promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity
Respect human rights, build sustainable value chains, and contribute to employment in emerging counties in our global corporate activities. Maintain environments in which diverse human resources can exercise their individuality and abilities while promoting the development of every employee.
Solar panel and converter supply business
Renewable energy power plant construction business
Business supplying high- efficiency industrial machinery employing low-carbon technologies
Business supplying heat reflective paint to combat global warming
Business selling biomass fuels to combat global warming
Lumber preservation treatment technology helping reduce global warming
Environmentally friendly ground improvement using wooden piles
Business in implementing switches to LP gas fuel
Development of mealworm- based feedstuff materials
Developing and utilizing global professionals in the IT industry
Demonstration project to increase effective EV range
p35
   Work to address environmental issues, including mitigating global warming and conserving biodiversity, through our corporate and social contribution activities.
    Promoting work-life balance
Human resource development initiatives
Activities to support the independence of persons with disabilities
p40 p37
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 33
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   1. Origin of corporate activities
2. Fair transactions
3. Information management & disclosure
4. Respect for human rights
5. Consideration of the global environment
6. Social contribution
Kanematsu’s Code of Conduct
We became involved in corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders by providing socially valuable goods and services in accordance with the aim of our founder to realize a sustainable society.
Our corporate activities are conducted in compliance with laws and ordinances in Japan and abroad, international rules and practices, and internal rules as well as with social common sense.
Information is properly managed to protect personal information, customer information, and intellectual property and is disclosed in a timely and proper manner to establish mutual trust between Kanematsu and the community and maintain a high level of transparency.
We respect human rights and do not discriminate. Employee career development and capability development are actively supported. Diversity, personality, and character are respected so as to create a dynamic corporate culture. We exercise sufficient consideration in our corporate activities to maintain a sound global environment for sustainable growth.
We are aware of the importance of our social responsibility as good corporate citizens, and proactively undertake social contribution activities. Employee activities to contribute to community development and to comfortable and safe living are supported.
  Environmental Initiatives
Kanematsu is engaged in environmental businesses in Japan and overseas that help protect and improve the global envi- ronment. The global Group also continuously works to improve its ISO 14001-based environmental management system. By effectively operating this system, the Group is reducing electricity and paper consumption, promoting comprehensive waste sorting and reduction, and helping to reduce CO2 emissions. Through these efforts, the Group strives to contribute to the creation of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
Social Contribution
 For more details, please refer to Kanematsu’s Environmental Report.
http://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/csr/environment/environmental_report.html
  The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade
The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade was established in 1940 with the purpose of contributing to economic development through support and funding for research into trade and international economics. The Foundation is jointly operated by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University and Kanematsu.
In 1993, the Kanematsu Prize—a Kanematsu postgrad- uate research scholarship—was jointly established by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University, the Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade, and Kanematsu Corporation. Every year, graduate students are invited to submit their disserta- tions to apply for the prize. The Kanematsu Prize thus provides graduate students in the fields of economics, management, and accounting across Japan with opportuni- ties to win a research fellowship and to present their research.
Beginning with the 2018 prize, the economics division and management
division are judged
separately. Through
such efforts, Kanematsu will continue to support research in the fields of economics, management, and accounting through the Kanematsu Prize.
Supporting Amputee Football
In April 2019, Kanematsu formed a partnership agreement with the Japan Amputee Football Association (JAFA).
As part of initiatives to address our five key issues of mutual development with local communities and promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity, we are supporting the parasport of amputee football.
In agreement with JAFA’s mission of realizing an inclusive society for all, regardless of disability, through soccer, Kanematsu supports amputee football.
This support is given in
recognition of the value of
diversity and to contribute
to the realization of an
inclusive society in which
everyone can express their
individuality and utilize
their talents.
Operational Support and Platform Provision
Since October 2018, Kanematsu has provided a meeting room at its Tokyo Head Office for JAFA to use as an office.
Based on our partnership agreement, we send employee volunteers to JAFA tournaments and actively engage in efforts to spread awareness of amputee football, broadly communicating the appeal and excitement of the sport.
Provision of the Kanematsu Tsuga Ground (Chiba City, Chiba)
The Chiba Prefecture amputee football team AFC BumbleBee Chiba holds practices at Kanematsu’s Tsuga Ground around twice a month.
     34 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

   Furthermore, the first match of the first tournament of the Eastern Japan Amputee Football League, inaugurated in fiscal 2018, was held at the Kanematsu Tsuga Ground. Kanematsu plans to not only provide its grounds, but wide-ranging cooper- ation with the aim of spreading league matches nationwide.
Awareness Raising through Experience Event
At the fifth annual Kanematsu Invitational Kids’ Soccer Tournament, held January 13, 2019, after the matches concluded, we held an amputee soccer experience event to spread awareness among the participating children.
This event served as an oppor- tunity to not only allow the children to see first-hand how fun and inter- esting amputee soccer is, but also to spark an interest in parasports and communicate the value of human life and resilience.
Reconstruction Support Volunteer Activities
Kanematsu is broadening the scope of the support it provides for volunteer activities in areas affected by natural disasters with the aim of encouraging employees to volunteer.
Specifically, the Company has amended its volunteer support system to cover transportation and lodging costs not only for Company-organized volunteer efforts, but also employee’s self-directed efforts.
Volunteering in Areas Affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
Kanematsu conducts volunteer efforts to support recovery in Rikuzentakata, Iwate, an area affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake, on an ongoing basis. From summer 2011 to autumn 2018, a total of more than 300 Kanematsu Group employees have taken part in 19 volunteer trips. On the 19th trip, employees volunteered to help operate the 2018 Road to
Recovery Rikuzentakata Marathon, held on November 18. This marathon, of which Kanematsu is a corporate sponsor, brought together runners and volunteers from around the country with local citizens in a shared hope for recovery.
Going forward, we will continue to support community building and recovery in Rikuzentaka through a variety of efforts.
Support for Areas Affected by Flooding in July 2018
Kanematsu sent a donation of ¥10,000,000 from the Company as well as donations from employees and execu- tives to areas in Western Japan impacted by severe flooding through the Japanese Red Cross Society.
In addition, under the new support system, employee volunteers went to Kure, Hiroshima, and Seiyo, Ehime, from August 8 to 12, 2018, to remove flood sediment from and clean homes affected by flooding.
Supporting Volunteering at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics
Kanematsu has designated special paid leave* to support the volunteer activities of its employees related to the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics as part of its CSR activities.
* Employees can take up to 15 special days of paid leave, separate from normal volunteer leave, to act as volunteers in Olympic-related activities taking place on workdays (this leave may also be used for training before the events).
     Addressing the Five Key Issues
  A Bringing ICT to Farming
Reflecting demographic graying and a shrinking population of farming professionals, dairy farms are seeking to make their operations more efficient and effective. The Kanematsu Group is working with Farmnote Holdings to develop systems that can assist with livestock management by using IoT-connected sensors to identify individual cattle, recognize their behavior using AI, and alert users to abnormalities (such as signs of oestrus or illness). Working together, we aim to realize efficient, next-generation dairy farming through the use of smart barns and other new initiatives utilizing ICT.
Through such initiatives, we will respond to changes in markets and customer needs while contributing to the development of dairy farming by leveraging new, Groupwide perspec- tives and ideas.
C Demonstration Project to Increase Effective EV Range
In northern California, in the United States, Kanematsu is working with Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and Nissan North America, Inc. on a demonstration project commissioned by the New Energy Industrial Technology and Development Organization (NEDO) aimed at expanding the effective range of electric vehicles (EVs).
This project is providing EV drivers with a smartphone app called DRIVEtheARC. Introduced in fiscal 2019, this app allows users to reserve EV charging stations. The project’s charging infrastructure now includes two CHAdeMO 100 kW high-power fast chargers. Under the project, 57 rapid chargers have been installed at 26 locations in the northern part of the state. The project is expected to
help improve the usability
of EVs and promote their
adoption.
Through such proj- ects, we will continue to work toward the creation of a low-carbon society while preventing air pollution and reducing global warming.
     KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 35
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 36 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
    Forest Conservation Initiatives in Indonesia: REDD+
Kanematsu is involved in REDD+ initiatives, which it believes have great potential as SDG-related busi- nesses.* Since 2011, Kanematsu has been working with Indonesia’s influential Gobel Group on a forest conservation project in Gorontalo Province.
 Gorontalo Province is located on the eastern Indonesian island of Sulawesi. Accompanying an increase in the province’s population, deforestation is causing a number of environmental problems. Depleted forests are unable to absorb heavy rains, leading to frequent flooding, while sediment from mountainous areas being washed downstream is causing Lake Limboto, a very important resource for local communities, to shrink. In addition, the deforestation itself is a major source of greenhouse gas emis- sions. As these environmental prob- lems are closely linked with poverty, providing appropriate support to the poor farmers living near forests is crucial to addressing said problems.
Slash-and-burn corn farming is a factor contributing to deforestation. However, local farmers depend on this crop for their livelihoods, so simply prohibiting such farming is not a viable option.
Nevertheless, the region needs solutions to its environmental and poverty problems. To this end, Kanematsu is working with chocolate companies in Indonesia and Japan, providing technical guidance to local farmers to help them produce high- quality cacao—highly lucrative but much less devastating to the local ecosystems—while advancing value chain development, including cacao purchasing and marketing.
We aim to continue to work
closely with local residents to market products made with cacao from this region in the Indonesian and Japanese chocolate markets and hope to expand this project.
Through this project, Kanematsu is helping protect the natural environ- ment, including forests and lakes, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Working toward the SDGs
No Poverty Climate Action Life on Land
Sales of chocolate in Japan help reduce CO2 emissions, combat poverty, address climate change, and conserve forests
 * REDD+ (reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation) is an initiative aimed at reducing forest loss and degradation and promoting sustainable forest management in developing countries.
SDG-Aligned Business Model of REDD+
   Kanematsu and the Gobel Group in Indonesia
1. 13. 15.
 1. Forest conservation in collaboration with cacao farmers
2. Chocolate made from cacao harvested through the project is sold in Japan 3. A portion of sales revenues are returned to cacao farmers
       Reducing CO2 by reducing
slash-and-burn farming
• Technical guidance
• Skills development
• Building value chains
• Chocolate sales
Appeal to consumers who value social contribution and environmental conservation
      Forest conservation in Boalemo, Gorontalo Province, Indonesia
 Chocolate markets
   
   Human Resource Development Initiatives
Human resources are a vital asset for Kanematsu, and retaining and training human resources is important for the Company’s growth. Kanematsu maintains systems to promote work-life balance, including child care support and family care support systems, seeking to create workplaces that are comfortable and rewarding for employees. Furthermore, we focus considerable effort on human resource development, an indispensable part of Kanematsu’s growth.
 Message from the Chief Officer of Human Resources & General Affairs
Creating Rewarding, Employee- Friendly Workplaces by Developing Professionals with Individuality
Kazuo Tanaka
Senior Executive Officer,
Chief Officer, Human Resources & General Affairs
  Human resources are the Kanematsu Group’s most valuable assets. Our Corporate Principle, established based on the entrepreneurial spirit of our founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, includes the passage, “Our purpose as a Company is not only to build a sound and flourishing business, but to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, contributing to society and the security and well-being of all.” Since the Group’s founding 130 years ago, Kanematsu has strived to develop its people and create employee-friendly work- places, growing and developing alongside a talented workforce.
One of the priority initiatives of the future 135 medium-term vision is the establishment of manage- ment infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth, under which we aim to build a framework for global strategy, cultivate management-level human resources, and improve employee satisfaction.
To develop management personnel, in July 2019, we launched Kanematsu University, a reinforced, more systematic version of our existing training systems. To make business investments and achieve the ongoing growth of the Kanematsu Group, we need human
resources who can effectively manage businesses. Our aim is for employees to acquire not only basic knowl- edge and know-how, but broad, long-term perspec- tives that encompass the entire Company. By doing so, we will realize qualitative improvement, nurturing the next generation of Kanematsu leaders.
Furthermore, in fiscal 2018, we conducted an employee engagement survey. We believe that when employees feel more strongly connected to the Company, they aim higher and are more self-motivated, increasing productivity. Accordingly, based on employee feedback and opinions, we are advancing initiatives to enhance our personnel systems and implement work style reforms with the aim of making the Company more rewarding and employee-friendly. Improving each employee’s physical health, mental health, and motivation contributes to work efficiency and new business creation. We thus aim to maintain environ- ments in which diverse human resources can exercise their individuality and abilities while promoting the development of every employee and contributing to the achievement of the SDGs.
   Kanematsu University
Kanematsu University, a reinforced, more systematic version of our existing training systems, was launched in July 2019 to develop management professionals who will create new busi- nesses.
All employees of Kanematsu and Group companies who have been with the Group for less than ten years are required to participate in the system, which grants credits and certifica- tions. The curriculum comprises the three categories of general education, interpersonal knowledge and skills, and
professional knowledge and skills. The system provides a rich range of courses administered via e-learning or group training, depending on the content. Content ranges from the fundamental, such as business manners and foreign languages, to specialized knowledge and skills, such as busi- ness investment, legal matters, and anger management. Using Kanematsu University, we are developing the next generation of management-level human resources.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 37
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  Executive Management Training
Kanematsu created a new executive management training system in fiscal 2017 to foster the skills to operate businesses and organizations from an executive management perspec- tive. Specifically, the targets of this training are to (1) foster strategy formulation and human resource management abili- ties and (2) acquire the basic knowledge necessary to an
Training in Business Plan Formulation
executive manager. In the first year, we implemented this training for general manager-level employees. Since fiscal 2018, we have been gradually expanding this training to the division manager level and below, planning to eventually include employees who are in approximately their 10th year with the Company.
 Kanematsu aims to improve corporate value by further developing areas of strength, making new investments for business creation, and taking on other new challenges. To this end, we have created training courses covering business plan formulation to impart the skills necessary for drafting road maps to the creation and successful launch of new businesses.
Business Plan Formulation Trainee’s Perspective
   Masahiro Marushima
Meat Department No. 1, Pork Section
 I decided to take part in this training because I wanted to learn the skills to not just come up with an idea, but to turn it into a real business.
The training comprised text-based study and applied group work. In the study sessions, we worked on problems we had received in advance to train our logical thinking and output abilities, using specific frameworks to systematically learn the basic skills needed to create a business.
In the group work portion, we applied our study to the creation of business plans from scratch. As my team discussed, researched, and
Overseas Dispatch Training System
tested our ideas together, I really felt my under- standing of the process deepen.
In addition, getting advice from the instruc- tors and working with team members from other industries exposed me to many new ways of thinking and looking at things, making every day eye-opening. This experience was extremely valu- able in terms of developing both my skills and mindset.
Going forward, I will put what I learned in this training into practice, and I hope to take on exciting new business creation.
 Kanematsu operates an overseas training system for employees in their first five years with the Company. Participants are dispatched to overseas subsidiaries, representative offices, and business corporations to experience local life- and workstyles for around six months. This system exposes employees to diverse values and provides the experiences, insights, and knowledge that members of a globally operating trading company need.
 Overseas Dispatch Training System Trainee’s Perspective
 During my overseas training in Detroit, in the United States, I mainly took part in handling customer audits and developing and launching new products. My most vivid memory from this experience was a time when, due to insufficient production capacity, we had a problem with prod- uct delivery, and a customer’s production line almost had to be stopped. I will never forget the experience of going to the production floor in Mexico to work on the line alongside the other staff, just barely managing to avoid a failure to deliver.
In addition, during our daily teleconferences, I felt firsthand the urgency of our customers and the particularities of the ways they do business. I think that this has enabled me to communicate information from customers to our suppliers with a greater sense of immediacy, even after returning to Japan. I also learned how difficult—and how interesting—it is to advance talks and projects while making sure to protect our interests and profit when negotiating contract terms, such as price and technical specifications, while each side is pushing for this and that.
  Shosuke Manabe
Motor Vehicles and Parts Department No. 2, Section 1
 Diversity
Promoting Greater Professional Success for Women
Action Plan to Help Women Excel
In fiscal 2017, we adopted new systems aimed at helping women succeed professionally.
1. A system to allow non-career-track employees to take division
manager or assistant manager positions
2. A system for rehiring employees who left the Company to
accompany a spouse who was transferred to another location
Furthermore, in fiscal 2018, we began the following new initiatives.
1. Extended eligibility for shortened working hours for child-
care to the end of the child’s third year of elementary school 2. Individual staggered work hours until the child finishes
elementary school 3. Flexi-time system
 38 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  Action Plan for Helping Women Excel (Outline) Plan duration: April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2024
 Issues the Company Faces
Although Kanematsu hires a certain number of women every year, the percentages of women among all new graduate hires, employees in core operations, and employees in management positions are low.
Targets
1. Increase the number of women working in core operations in assistant section manager-level or higher positions to 35 (from 27 as of March 31, 2019)
2. Increase the percentage of women among new graduate hires to 42% (from 34% in fiscal 2018).
Initiatives
Increasing the percentage of women among new graduate hires and creating systems to promote female employee retention
      FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
  Female career-track employees*
51 55 54 56 54 52 Responsibility band 3 16 21 22 22 22 27
  * Work location is determined according to the Company’s needs and not restricted to any specific area. These employees eventually move into core operations.
 Perspective of a Female Employee Working Overseas
 Sandy Tun
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation Yangon Plant & Machinery Division Deputy Manager
    Global Professionals
Kanematsu Yangon is a small and interdepen- dent representative office with a history of over 60 years in Myanmar. Being small means that each employee’s input matters, and our office’s interdependency with Japan and branch offices like those in Thailand endows us with tremendous support in working towards our shared goals.
I am in charge of Plant & Machinery, where we focus primarily on Japan Official Development Assistance projects ranging from power generation equipment to shipbuilding and finding new markets for machinery. All of which are very intriguing and play a vital role in developing the Myanmar economy. Electronics is another industry I am handling; it mainly involves developing the card printer business by appointing local distributors and finding ways
Global Staff Perspective
I joined Kanematsu USA in 2017, and currently work in finance. My main duties are day-to-day bookkeeping and providing finance-related support to our branch offices, as well as some tasks related to taxes and preparing financial statements. Maintaining an overall view of our finances and accounting takes time and work, and I am doing my utmost to help the Company take on challenges in many fields.
In August 2018, I had the opportunity to take part in a month-long training course in Japan. I not only gained new knowledge, such as about financial operations that are uncom- mon in American companies and Kanematsu’s
to expand our market share.
Working in Kanematsu has been reward-
ing because I not only get to meet and work with amazing people but have had the privi- lege of participating in a training program held in Japan. It was a good program for brushing up useful skills and knowledge that have fallen by the wayside since University, like those related to finance or critical thinking.
Female employees in a Japanese company or business in general provide a complemen- tary perspective to the male. Where I tend to focus on details and empathize, my male colleagues tend to look at the big picture and take it at face value. Combining both qualities makes a great team. Moving forward, I plan to improve my shortcomings and work efficiently to be a bigger asset to the company.
core businesses, but got to see the business from new perspectives, better understand the links between Kanematsu and its subsidiaries, and—by working with the staff of the parent company—experience Kanematsu’s corporate culture first-hand.
I believe that teamwork is the key to success. I enjoy working every day with my supervisors and kind coworkers who encour- age me to grow and always offer me advice. Going forward, I hope to put my experience to use within my team to contribute to the success of Kanematsu.
  Hoai Nguyen
Kanematsu USA Inc. Chicago Head Office / Finance Department
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 39
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  Work-Life Balance
Kanematsu is proactively committed to ensuring a good work-life balance and discourages long working hours in order to foster a healthy workforce. We have been improving the working environment so that employees can treasure the time they spend with their families as well as the time spent on hobbies and participating in social activities.
 Child Care Support
In addition to maternity and childcare leave systems, we have a number of systems in place to allow parents to continue working while pregnant or raising children. These include reduced duties and time off for doctor’s visits during preg- nancy, time off to care for sick children, and shortened work hours and flexi-time after returning from leave. From fiscal 2019, the period after returning from leave during which employees are eligible for reduced work hours has been extended from up to the child’s third birthday to the end of the child’s third year of elementary school. In addition, employees may work reduced hours with no reduction in pay until the child’s third birthday.
Family Care Support
Many mothers take childcare leave, and when they return to work, as a rule, they are placed in the divisions in which they worked before. These measures are taken to create a pleasant working environment.
Number of Employees Taking Childcare Leave
17* 14 18 20**
* Includes two male employees ** Includes two male employees
 FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
  In addition to the conventional family care leave system, Kanematsu has recently enabled special paid holidays for family care.
We also have in place a child-raising and care consultation office for
Systems for Using Paid Vacation
Bronze Week
Since fiscal 2016, Kanematsu has maintained a “Bronze Week” system for systematically encouraging the use of annual paid vacation days. This is intended to make it easier for employees to take off the time they are entitled to, improve work-life balance, and create workplaces that are comfortable and rewarding. Since the system’s introduction,
one-to-one consultation on these matters.
the rate of annual vacation days used has risen steadily, reaching 73.7% in fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2019, we raised the minimum number of days employees are required to use from two to four, aiming to create even more employee-friendly workplaces and further increase the paid annual vacation usage rate.
  Bronze Week System Outline
• Makes it easier to take off a bridge day between two ordinary days off or the day before or after a three-day weekend, effectively extending the number of consecutive days off for the individual to four or more.
• This system is aimed at helping employees have special experiences that are difficult to realize with one or two days off so that they will feel refreshed and have new ideas that they can then put to use in their work.
• The system is designed to allow employees to choose their own days off. At the start of the fiscal year, each section designates at least four days in the year as candidate days for paid vacation, and each individual then chooses at least four of these to take off.
• Applies to all employees, in principle, excluding those on dispatch within Japan, stationed overseas, or on leave.
• The system, which encourages the use of paid annual vacation, especially multiple consecutive days off, is named “Bronze Week” in reference to the yearly clusters of public holidays in Japan popularly known as “Golden Week” and “Silver Week.”
 My Weekend System
In fiscal 2019, we established the “My Weekend” system to encourage employees to take their paid annual vacation to, for example, pursue their hobbies or enjoy special family occa- sions. This system is aimed at helping employees feel comfort- able taking days off for important events and giving greater
priority to their personal lives. In particular, managerial employees, who often find it particularly difficult to take time off, are asked to use at least five days per year. This system thus provides support to help employees prioritize both their work and private lives.
 My Weekend System Outline
• By encouraging employees to take off not only ordinary weekends, but days of personal significance, such as their wedding anniversaries or the birthdays of family members, as “my weekends,” this system is aimed at helping employees take time for their personal interests and important family occasions.
• Managerial employees are asked to take at least five days off per year through the My Weekend system alone (no usage requirement has been set for non-managerial employees).
 40 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  Hourly Use of Paid Annual Vacation
In fiscal 2019, we introduced an hour-based system for using paid annual vacation. This provides even more flexibility than the previous system, which required employees to take an entire half day in the morning or afternoon, to better accom- modate employee’s private lives.
Annual Vacation Usage Rate
(%)
80
70
60
50
73.7
   60.4 59.7
FY2014 FY2015
65.6
FY2016
66.7
  FY2017 FY2018
 Outline of Hourly Use of Paid Annual Vacation
• Paid annual vacation, which previously could only be used in one-day or half-day units, can now be used in hourly units.
•Up to 40 hours per year of paid annual vacation (the equivalent of five 8-hour days) can be used in hourly units; in principle, managerial employees and non-full-time employees are not eligible to use this system.
•By expanding the range of options for using paid annual vacation, Kanematsu is creating work environments that are more accommodating of individual circumstances and promoting more flexible work styles.
  Individual Flexi-Time System
In fiscal 2019, we implemented a flexi-time system that applies at the individual rather than sectional level, as was previously the case. Now, in principle, individuals can freely adjust the times they come to and leave work in accordance with the varying demands of their own schedules.
 Overview of the Individual Flexi-Time System
• Employees must be at work during core time (10:00–15:30), but outside of this time, they are, in principle, free to decide what time to come to and leave work.
•To use this system, in principle, employees must submit notice of their planned arrival and departure times by the end of the previous week. However, after such plans are submitted, they may be revised as needed to accommodate urgent errands, illness, or other individual circumstances.
   General Employer Action Plan
In December 2010, Kanematsu was awarded the “Kurumin” certification of support for the nurturing of the next genera- tion by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s Tokyo Labour Bureau. In January 2017, we received the “Kurumin” certification a second time.
In October 2016, we formulated our fourth General Employer Action Plan. Based on this plan, we are continuing
Bring Your Child to Work Day
In fiscal 2019, Kanematsu held its third annual Bring Your Child to Work Day. By helping to deepen colleagues’ under- standing of and build support for their workmates balancing work and childcare while enhancing communication and understanding among families regarding work and the Company, this event is intended to increase employee moti- vation and foster a sense of belonging within the Company. We also hope that it will provide an opportunity for all employees to think about their own work-life balance. On the day of the fiscal 2019 event, the participating children saw displays of the products handled by each division, took a tour of the Company, practiced exchanging business cards with
measures to fully harness employee poten- tial by encouraging a better balance between work and childcare duties and by creating a more pleasant workplace for all.
the company president and executives, and made paper fans with messages of encouragement for their working parents.
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 41
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Corporate Governance
 Our Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
Kanematsu’s founder himself put down the words “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity.” The Kanematsu Group recognizes the pioneering spirit fostered by our predecessors along with the wise use of our cre- ative imagination and ingenuity, fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities through sound, flourishing business- es, and adherence to Company rules as key parts of its Corporate Principle. We operate in accordance with this principle and our Code of Conduct, striving to carry out corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders and help realize a sustainable society by providing socially valuable goods and services.
To this end, Kanematsu endeavors to strengthen corporate governance to increase the transparency of man- agement and create a more equitable, efficient, and sound company. We work to improve corporate governance with the aim of increasing our enterprise value and winning the support of all our stakeholders, including share- holders, customers, business partners, and employees.
 System of Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is made up of six directors. The Board decides on matters required of it as set out in law and Kanematsu’s Articles of Incorporation as well as business policies and other important matters and oversees business execution by directors. Two of the six directors are outside directors to ensure that the Board conducts appropriate decision making and to further reinforce the supervision of business execution. In principle, the Board of Directors meets once a month, with additional meetings held as necessary.
Advisory Bodies
To reinforce the objectivity, independence, and accountability of the Board of Directors, Kanematsu has established a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee as advisory bodies under the Board of Directors.
• Nominating Committee: Comprises the president as com- mittee chair and the two outside directors. The committee provides recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders related to the appointment
Corporate Governance Structure
Directors are appointed to the Board for one-year terms to allow the Board to respond appropriately to changes in the business environment. Kanematsu has adopted an executive officer system to improve the flexibility of business execu- tion, speed up management decision making, and further clarify roles and responsibilities through the separation of supervisory and executive functions.
and dismissal of directors and the necessary policy, rules, and
procedures for reaching related resolutions
• Compensation Committee: Comprises the president as com-
mittee chair and the two outside directors. The committee provides recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as policy regarding the setting of compensation levels and types for individual directors and executive officers as well as the necessary policy, rules, and procedures for reaching related resolutions.
    General Meeting of Shareholders
 Appointment/Dismissal
Appointment/Dismissal/ Supervision
Appointment/Dismissal
Audit
Appointment/ Dismissal
  Audit & Supervisory Board
 Four Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including three outside members)
Consultation Advice/Suggestions
Audit
Board of Directors
   Six directors (including two outside directors)
Collaboration
Accounting audit
Collaboration
 Nominating Committee
 Compensation Committee
  President
Management Committee
Collaboration
Internal controls
   Project Deliberation Committee
Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Internal Auditing Department
   CSR Committee
 Marketing Area/Support Area, Domestic and Overseas Offices
 Accounting Auditor
  (As of June 21, 2019)
42 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  Management Committee
To facilitate rapid decision making and flexible management, Kanematsu has set up a Management Committee composed of executive officers, including the president. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month. The Committee
Project Deliberation Committee
The Project Deliberation Committee was established to enhance debate and speed up decision making on important projects. The Committee considers and discusses matters from a Companywide perspective and submits recommendations
Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board acts as an independent organ to audit directors’ performance of their duties. Specifically, the four Audit & Supervisory Board members, including three out- side members, receive reports from directors and employees
establishes basic policies for general business execution in accordance with basic policies determined by the Board of Directors and provides instruction and guidance on the exe- cution of business.
to the designated decision makers for each item before the decision must be made. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month.
on the performance of their duties as required, and attend meetings of the Board of Directors, Management Committee, Project Deliberation Committee, Internal Control and Compliance Committee, and other important meetings.
  Reasons for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Outside Directors
Name
Seiichi Katayama
Yuko Tahara
Reasons for selection
So that he can utilize his wide-ranging knowledge and insight regarding corporate management as well as expertise amassed as a professor of economics—albeit with no direct experience in management other than as an outside director—in Kanematsu’s management and provide management oversight.
So that she can provide advice to management and appropriate oversight of business execution based on her wealth of experience in corporate management and deep insight gained through experience in human resources and organizational consulting.
Fiscal 2018 attendance
23 of 23 Board of Directors meetings
—*
 Outside Audit
& Supervisory Board members
Sohei Ogawa
Tsukasa Miyachi
Yusaku Kurahashi
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his abundant experience in the internal management of financial institutions and wide-ranging insight.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experience as a certified public accountant.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experience as a lawyer.
23 of 23 Board of Directors meetings
15 of 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
23 of 23 Board of Directors meetings
15 of 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
—*
        * As Ms. Tahara and Mr. Kurahashi were appointed at the June 21, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders, they did not attend meetings in fiscal 2018.
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
Breakdown of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
271 200 29 41 — 6
27 27 — — — 1
72 72 — — — 6 Note The above table includes one director who retired as of the conclusion of the June 22, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders
      Total compensation (millions of yen)
Total compensation by type (millions of yen)
Number of individuals receiving compensation
    Basic compensation
Stock incentives
Bonuses
Retirement benefits
       Directors (excluding outside directors)
 Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside members)
 Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
         Performance-Linked Compensation Plan
To clarify directors’ management responsibilities and enhance their incentives to improve corporate performance, Kanematsu has adopted a performance-linked compensation plan. Furthermore, the May 9, 2018 Board of Directors meeting and June 22, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders passed resolu- tions to introduce a performance-linked stock incentive plan employing a trust for Kanematsu’s directors (excluding outside directors). The Company also implemented a similar perfor-
mance-linked stock incentive plan for its executive officers. The new plan is aimed at more closely linking director compensation with corporate performance and stock price and better moti- vating directors to improve corporate performance and enter- prise value over the medium term by having directors share with other shareholders the potential benefits and risks of share price changes.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 43
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Internal Auditing
To ensure that proper accounting records are kept and to monitor appropriate business execution, Kanematsu has established auditing rules, in accordance with which the Internal Auditing Department conducts internal audits of all divisions and consolidated subsidiaries.
Internal Control System and Risk Management System
  Maintaining the Internal Control System
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, to comply with laws and regulations relating to oper- ational effectiveness and efficiency and business activities, to protect its assets, and to ensure the reliability of its financial reporting, the Kanematsu Group has built an internal control system. To operate this system effectively and efficiently, we
Compliance
In light of the importance of corporate legal compliance, we have set up internal control systems for the Company and the Group as well as an Internal Control and Compliance Committee to implement said systems, seeking to strengthen our internal compliance system. In addition to preparing a Compliance
Diagram of the Kanematsu Group Compliance System
have also established the Internal Control and Compliance Committee. We develop, operate, assess, and improve inter- nal controls related to financial reporting to ensure the cor- rectness of the Group’s reporting in line with the internal control reporting systems defined in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law.
Handbook that covers all Group companies, we work to enhance awareness of and training on sensible behavioral ethics. The Group also maintains a hotline system that allows employ- ees to directly report to or consult with the Internal Control and Compliance Committee or an outside lawyer.
Instructions, Feedback Reports, Consultation
        Board of Directors Management Committee Audit & Supervisory Board
       Internal Control and Compliance Committee
 Internal Control and Compliance Committee Members
 Promotion Office: Legal & Compliance Department
Marketing Area/Support Area
 Officers & Employees of Kanematsu Corporation
Departmental Compliance Officers
(Chief officers of business divisions and administrative departments)
 Compliance Officer (President of Head of Location)
 Officers & Employees of Group companies
         Elimination of Antisocial Forces
One of Kanematsu’s compliance commitments is to take a firm stand against and eschew all relationships with antisocial forces. To promote the elimination of antisocial forces, Kanematsu belongs to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department’s Special Violence Prevention Countermeasures Association, cooperating closely on a regular basis by sharing
(For units that do not have a controlling division at Kanematsu Corporation)
Group Companies
*Sub-subsidiaries report through their immediate parent companies
(As of June 21, 2019)
information. The Human Resources & General Affairs Department is designated to coordinate Companywide response and information gathering to address any unreason- able demands from antisocial forces, and the Company main- tains a framework for responding in coordination with outside organizations, including the police and attorneys.
44 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  Information Management System
With regard to information management, we have estab- lished standards for the custody, retention, and disposal of accounting records, balance sheets, agreements and con- tracts concerning the basic rights and obligations of Kanematsu, certificates related to properties, and other simi- lar documents.
As information is a valuable corporate asset, we have also formulated, and work to reinforce, rules on information secu- rity management with the aim of protecting and managing personal data and other information in line with compliance
Risk Management
With respect to business risks that may affect our operations, Kanematsu has designated departments responsible for each type of risk, established internal regulations and detailed enforcement regulations, and prepared operational guidelines. We furthermore use training and other means to ensure thor- ough awareness of risk management. The Company also sets up cross-departmental committees as necessary to control risks.
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, promote operational effectiveness and efficiency, maintain legal compliance in business activities, protect Group assets, and ensure the reliability of financial reporting, we have established
Quantifying and Monitoring Risk
The Kanematsu Group has laid out basic guidelines for control- ling and managing risk in its Risk Management Guidelines. Based on said guidelines, we classify and define risks, then respond to each appropriately, aiming to minimize losses to the Kanematsu Group and achieve sound business growth and development.
The Group monitors quantifiable risks (market risk, credit risk, investment risk, country risk, etc.) by regularly measuring such risks and reporting the results to management. Specifically, to measure maximum possible losses (risk assets) we apply a proprietary weighting scheme corresponding to the potential loss risk to all assets included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as well as off-balance sheet items.
Recently, to achieve more sophisticated capital manage- ment, we set an upper limit on the risk asset ratio, aiming to ensure a sound balance of risk assets and risk buffer (shareholder’s equity) and maintain a sound financial position while increasing enterprise value through business creation and revenue expansion.
Groupwide Activities
requirements.
With regard to the security of information systems, the
Group has established information security management rules aimed at preventing leaks and losses of important infor- mation and established standardized rules covering the use of PCs, networks, and e-mail to protect corporate and personal information. Furthermore, the Group continually reviews its systems framework aimed at enhancing security and operates and maintains said framework to ensure that security is main- tained at necessary and appropriate levels.
the Internal Control and Compliance Committee as a Groupwide organization. We have established an approval request system based on designated levels of authority to mini- mize business risks. The Project Deliberation Committee consid- ers important investments and loans by comprehensively examining relevant risks.
To address the risk of crises related to the occurrence of major events, such as natural disasters, we have put in place a system, including specific rules and policies of action, to ensure the appropriate management of the Group at such extraordi- nary times.
  Risk Assets
(Billions of yen)
140
120
100 0.49
80
60
40 44 20
(Times)
 92
100
116
125
0.7 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.3 0.2 0.1
         90
0.48
  44
0.44
44
0.40
46
0.33
41
      00
 FY2015
Risk assets
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
Shareholders’ equity Risk-asset ratio
FY2019
  Group company presidents meet twice a year and at other times as necessary to share information on Groupwide business activi- ties. These meetings are aimed at ensuring mutual understanding and awareness with regard to corporate governance issues.
Disclosure
We promote proper and transparent management by promptly and accurately disclosing important corporate information about management to shareholders and all other stakeholders, institutional investors, analysts, and the media. In addition to registering information with financial instruments exchanges, we disclose information through our website and engage actively in IR activities, including regular briefings for institutional investors and analysts and meetings.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 45
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Messages from the Outside Directors
 Management for a New Era
 Seiichi Katayama
Outside Director
This year, Kanematsu marked the 130th anniversary of its founding. The Company is steadily pushing forward with its medium-term vision, future 135, toward further growth and development.
Aiming to increase its enterprise value, Kanematsu has adopted a management structure with both a chairman and a president and adjusted its executive officer lineup. The decision to shift to the new management structure was based on exten- sive deliberation and aimed at moving Kanematsu’s management into a new era of growth. I am confident that the new structure will support the realization of Kanematsu’s medium-term vision. To raise capital efficiency, Kanematsu has set concrete targets under future 135 and is working to achieve expansion of scale and increase added value. There is a need for greater labor productivity across Japan’s economy as a whole. All Kanematsu employees, too, must work together to create greater added value. To that end, the Company has introduced a new compensation system for directors that incentivizes them to improve medium-term performance. This system is focused on ensuring that directors work effectively for the Company. Going forward, it may be useful to think of systems to incentivize labor productivity at other levels, Companywide.
Geopolitical conditions have been growing more complex, reflecting changes in post war Pax Americana free-trade regimes, while, at the same time, long-term economic stagnation is deepening. In such challenging circumstances, developing new revenue sources while protecting a stable earnings base is essential. I hope to do my part to help Kanematsu do so.
  New Value Creation through Human Resource Development
 Yuko Tahara
Outside Director
Kanematsu has considerable intangible and intellectual assets, such as know-how and expertise accumulated through the various business processes it undertakes around the world. These are a key part of new value creation. Such value creation is realized, however, by human resources. A company is only as good as its people; as such, human resource and organizational education and development are essential to a company’s success, and the growth of human resources is directly linked to corporate performance and growth.
Under future 135, Kanematsu has made the establishment of management infra- structure for achieving sustainable growth a priority initiative, under which it is working to build a framework for global strategy, cultivate management-level human resources, and improve employee satisfaction. Furthermore, Japan as a whole is rapidly approaching a turning point in human resource development and personnel strategy. Accordingly, companies are transitioning to new management styles, including the use of talent management and talent development approaches aimed at developing and leveraging the strengths of human resources, as well as HR technologies. Building on Kanematsu’s traditions, I intend to do my utmost to nurture outstanding personnel and organizations that are passionate, dynamic, trusted, and in possession of the utmost integrity and good judgment. Furthermore, I will strive to implement corporate governance with a proper balance of aggressive execution and careful oversight, in line with Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, focusing on ensuring effective monitoring while working to further increase Kanematsu’s enterprise value.
 46 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

Corporate Officers
(As of June 21, 2019)
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
    Masayuki Shimojima
Chairman
1974 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd. 2010 President & CEO
2017 Chairman (incumbent)
Yoshiya Miyabe
Director
1983 Joined Kanematsu-Gosho Ltd.
2018 Director, Senior Managing Executive
Officer (incumbent)
Testuro Murao
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)
1976 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd. 2015 President, Shintoa Corporation 2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
Kaoru Tanigawa
President
1981 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd. 2015 Director, Senior Managing Executive
Officer
2017 President (incumbent)
Tetsuro Tsutano
Director
1992 Joined Kanematsu Corporation 2017 Director, Executive Officer
2018 Director, Senior Executive Officer
(incumbent)
Sohei Ogawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)
1984 Joined The Norinchukin Bank
2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
      Yuko Tahara
Director
1998 President and CEO, Basic Inc. (incumbent) 2012 Representative Director, Framework Promotion Association (incumbent)
2018 Outside Director & Member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, Sanyo Homes Corporation (incumbent)
2019 Director, Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
Yusaku Kurahashi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
2007 Registered as attorney at law and joined Nakamura, Tsunoda & Matsumoto
2015 Partner of Nakamura, Tsunoda & Matsumoto (incumbent))
Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division,
General Manager, Osaka Branch; General Manager, Nagoya Branch, Chief Officer, Technologies and Business Collaboration
Chief Officer, Credit Control, Legal and Compliance Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division
Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division; Chief Officer, Foods Division Chief Officer, Electronics & Devices Division
Chief Officer, Human Resources & General Affairs, Traffic & Insurance
Chief Officer, Finance, Accounting, Business Accounting
Deputy Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division President, Kanematsu USA Inc.
Deputy Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division
President, Kanematsu G.m.b.H; President, Kanematsu Europe PLC Chief Officer, Corporate Planning, IT Planning
Deputy Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff; General Manager, Grain & Feedstuff Dept
Seiichi Katayama
Director
2000 Director, Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration, Kobe University
2007 Professor Emeritus, Kobe University (incumbent)
2015 Director, Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent) 2017 Research Fellow, Faculty of Economics,
Aichi Gakuin University (incumbent)
Tsukasa Miyachi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
1970 Joined Chuo Audit Corporation
2007 Opens Miyachi public accounting firm
(incumbent)
2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
             1. Mr. Seiichi Katayama and Ms. Yuko Tahara are Outside Directors.
2. Mr. Sohei Ogawa, Mr. Tsukasa Miyachi and Mr. Yusaku Kurahashi are Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
3. Mr. Seiichi Katayama, Ms. Yuko Tahara, Mr. Tsukasa Miyachi and Mr. Yusaku Kurahashi are Independent Officers, as defined in the Securities Listing Regulations.
2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
 Executive Officers
 President
Senior Managing Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officers
Executive Officers
Kaoru Tanigawa Yoshiya Miyabe
Toshihide Motoshita Eiji Kan
Masayuki Hamasaki Masahiro Harada Kazuo Tanaka Tetsuro Tsutano Koichi Koizumi Ryoichi Kidokoro Osamu Iwata Hiroshi Yamashina Yoichiro Muramatsu Jun Nakajima
                 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 47
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Financial and ESG Highlights
(As of March 31)
For the year:
Revenue —————
Net sales3
Gross profit
Operating income/Operating profit
Net income (loss)/Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent3
Cash flows from investing activities
At year-end:
Net assets/Total equity
Net interest-bearing debt
Per share (yen):
Net assets/Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Financial indicators:
Equity ratio (%)
19,027 12,186
(12,787) 3,528 (370) (19,149)
42,035 45,804
134,582 109,350
59.61 69.15
6.0 7.3
18,029
9,175 17,322
49,576
104,612
79.07
8.5
21,426
6,110 1,291
55,992
90,012
93.16
9.8
795 (238)
443.83 46.57
18,262
9,564 1,466
75,912
86,439
129.82
13.7
782 (242)
471.42 48.95
Income (loss) before income taxes and minority interests/Profit before tax
Cash flows from operating activities
Free cash flow
Total assets
Shareholders’ equity/Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
Net income/Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Parent3
Cash dividends
Return on equity (ROE) (%)
Net D/E ratio (times)
Employees—consolidated
Percentage of women among employees—non-consolidated (%)
Total paper use (sheets)7
Directors (outside directors)8
Average length of service (years)
Average overtime worked (hours/month)
¥1,138,755
86,292
17,177
16,807
414,928
24,936
¥(30.56)
(36.26)
4,874
8,153,681
77
—
5.4
29
10 (0)
14.6
11.5
2010
¥861,277
74,104
8,407
26,441
7,292
398,629
28,916
¥ 8.44
13.10
4,871
7,504,637
10 (0)
14.3
—
3.8
31
9.3
2011
¥936,891
76,905
13,030
7,827
25,149
388,676
33,101
¥21.93
29.59
4,770
6,801,305
10 (0)
15.1
—
3.2
30
7.2
¥1,006,365
80,900
13,529
15,822
17,113
399,753
39,008
¥14.60
JGAAP
 16.95
7,062,310
10 (0)
15.5
10.1
—
2.3
4,770
30
2013
 ¥1,019,232
80,021
16,781
1,355
2,821
     399,186
54,519
    ¥ 22.80
     20.45
     ESG* (Non-Financial) Data: *ESG: Short for environmental, social, and corporate governance.
Employees—non-consolidated (women)
CO2 emissions (t-CO2)6, 7
External disposal of general waste (t)7
Audit & Supervisory Board members8 (outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Three-yearjobseparationrate(%)9
890 (262)
598.15 87.17
850 (264)
731.92 87.80
832 (250)
644.76 71.50
4 (3)
10.0 9.8 6.5 10.3 0
4 (3)
4 (3)
4 (3)
4 (3)
5,522
6,874,521
10 (0)
16.0
—
1.6
31
8.3
   Notes
Fortheaboveitemswithtwotitles,thefirstappliestofiguresunderJGAAPandthesecondtofiguresunderIFRS.
1. Figuresareroundeddowntothenearestmillionyen.Percentageshavebeenroundedoff.
2. TheU.S.dollaramountsrepresentthearithmeticalresultsoftranslatingyentodollarsattherateof¥110.99toU.S.$1.00,theexchangerateprevailingonMarch31,
2019.
3. Net sales shown here for fiscal 2015 and after are based on accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, calculated as the sum of transactions in which the
Group acted as a party to the contract and transactions in which the Group acted as agent.
4. KanematsuexecutedashareconsolidationonOctober1,2017,ataratiooffivecommonsharestoone.Thecalculationoftheabovefiguresassumesthatsaidshare
consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2014.
5. Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five common shares to one. The calculation of the above figure assumes that said share
consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2017.
48 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
2009
2012
  
  2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2019
¥1,114,539
—
—
—
—
—
—
86,402
87,880
86,238
100,139
106,371
110,014
991,215
19,075
22,373
18,122
17,875
26,043
29,177
262,888
22,384
6,758
33,024
11,852
434
24,698
222,533
 21,273
 109
 28,810
 (2,839)
 1,537
18,123
163,291
428,459
466,314
443,592
479,717
519,889
549,459
4,950,532
71,657
90,244
91,599
100,357
116,012
125,246
1,128,452
¥ 28.09
¥ 125.494
¥ 106.464
¥ 95.644
¥ 193.794
¥ 198.224
$ 1.79
 3.00
 4.00
 5.00
6.00
48.005
60.005
0.54
  18.70
12.99
9.85
8.39
15.08
13.77
 0.9
 0.8
0.5
0.6
0.5
0.4
  5,747
6,002
5,832
6,727
6,666
6,915
31
31
32
33
33
34
6,648,353
6,645,797
6,087,765
6,256,363
5,920,960
5,510,121
6 (1)
15.7
8.0
7 (2)
15.5
7 (2)
4 (2) 4 (3) 4 (3) 4 (3) 4 (3) 4 (3)
13.8
2.6 3.5 4.8 5.2 — —
8.8
8.1
8 (3)
15.4
11.6
8 (3)
15.5
12.1
6 (2)
15.0
12.5
   IFRS
 Thousands of U.S. dollars2
$6,521,752 273,441
16,605
(6,575) (59,242)
  — ¥704,211 ¥668,374 ¥675,579
19,776 23,547 18,772 22,633 26,160
11,799 10,546 8,959 8,049 16,317 (1,111) (6,649) (4,214) (14,691) 1,103
96,204 119,015 120,706 129,863 147,050
68,038 72,155 48,813 55,429 59,045
Millions of yen1
¥723,849 30,349
¥714,790
149,613
          170.54
16.7
800 (246)
456.44 37.60
1,072.204
19.4
813 (253)
377.54 33.40
1,088.454
20.6
816 (259)
392.58 31.90
1,192.214
20.9
835 (273)
398.68 32.70
1,377.664
22.3
842 (282)
400.74 29.50
158,698 49,969
1,499.864
22.8
765 (263)
358.31 35.00
1,429,847 450,217
13.51
       6. The coefficients used to calculate the above figures are the most recent values published by the Japan Foreign Trade Council (originally published by the Electric Power Council for a Low Carbon Society via the Japan Business Federation).
7. The figures above are the totals for Kanematsu’s domestic locations on a non-consolidated basis and are subject to change due to changes in office space due to the consolidation of branches or sales offices, etc.
8. ThenumberfollowingtheGeneralMeetingofShareholders,aftertheyear-end.
9. ThepercentofemployeeshiredintheyearinquestionwhohadlefttheGroupasofthreeyearslater(forexample,ofthe42employeeshiredin
April 2015, 2 had left the Group as of April 2018, so the rate for the year ended March 31, 2016 is calculated as (2/42)×100).
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 49
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Business Results
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, revenue rose ¥9,059 million (1.3%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥723,849 mil- lion. Gross profit increased ¥3,643 million (3.4%) from the pre- vious fiscal year to ¥110,014 million. Operating profit rose ¥4,189 million (16.0%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥30,349 million, reflecting the increase in gross profit. Profit before tax increased ¥3,134 million (12.0%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥29,177 million, reflecting a decrease in finance costs, despite deterioration in profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent increased ¥288 million (1.8%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥16,605 million. As a result, return on equity (ROE) calculated on the basis of total equity attributable to owners of the Parent (shareholders’ equity) came to 13.8%.
Segment Information
Results for each business segment are described below.
Electronics & Devices
Performance in the ICT solutions business remained firm, reflecting IT investment demand for servers and storage, main- ly in the manufacturing and service industries and from the Japanese government. Performance in the mobile business was solid, due to the continued effects of the integration of two mobile phone sales subsidiaries. Results in the industrial electronics business improved, due to large orders secured in the fourth quarter by a card printer manufacturer that was made a wholly owned subsidiary in December 2018. However, the semiconductor parts and equipment business faced chal- lenging conditions due to a decline in demand.
As a result, revenue in the Electronics & Devices segment rose ¥2,220 million year on year to ¥265,530 million, and oper- ating profit increased ¥977 million to ¥18,533 million.
Foods & Grain
In the feedstuff business, animal feedstuff prices in Japan were steady, and sales of animal feedstuff for meat and marine product farming were especially strong. In the food business, processed agricultural product trading was firm, supported by
stable raw ingredient prices and robust demand due to increas- ing health consciousness. The meat products business enjoyed firm performance, despite fluctuations in market prices.
As a result, in the Foods & Grain segment, revenue increased ¥13,599 million year on year to ¥244,859 million, and operating profit rose ¥1,802 million to ¥3,951 million.
Steel, Materials & Plant
The energy business faced challenging conditions, reflecting a temporary drop in crude oil prices. In the iron and steel busi- ness, while some export transactions were impacted by trade problems, business in Japan was solid, backed by firm domes- tic demand. Performance in the North American oilfield tubing business was solid, backed by robust drilling demand. Performance in the machine tools and industrial machinery business was strong, supported by firm demand, mainly in Japan. In the chemicals business, pharmaceuticals-related trad- ing was particularly favorable.
As a result, revenue in the Steel, Materials & Plant segment decreased ¥13,639 million year on year to ¥139,436 million. Operating profit increased ¥507 million to ¥4,437 million.
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
In the aerospace business, performance in the mainstay aircraft parts business was solid. In addition, the segment expanded the scope of its businesses, including operations in the small vehicle launch business. In the motor vehicles and parts business, although shipments to the Middle East were down, the main- stay components business was firm, reflecting the expansion of Asian markets. Furthermore, the segment established an invest- ment office in Silicon Valley in the United States to handle advanced technologies in anticipation of widespread shifts toward the era of CASE (connected, autonomous, shared, elec- tric) and MaaS (mobility as a service) businesses.
As a result, revenue in the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace seg- ment increased ¥7,610 million year on year to ¥62,063 million. Operating profit grew ¥8 million to ¥2,549 million.
Other
In other, revenue decreased ¥731 million year on year to ¥11,960 million. However, due to a rebound from impairment on fixed
      Revenue
(Millions of yen)
800,000
600,000
400,000
200,000
Operating Profit
(Millions of yen)
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent / Basic Earnings per Share*
35,000
30,000
25,000
23,547
20,000 15,000 10,000
(Millions of yen) 20,000
(Yen) 198.22 200
    704,211
714,790 723,849
30,349
193.79
16,317
  668,374 675,579
16,605
       26,160
15,000 150
    22,633
125.49
106.46
10,000 10,546 5,000
  18,772
 95.64 100
50
    8,959
8,049
      5,000 0000
    FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
50 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent
Basic Earnings per Share
* Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. The calculation of the above figures assumes that said share consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2014.

 assets due to the transfer of the golf business posted in the previous fiscal year, operating profit was ¥850 million, an ¥870 million turnaround from fiscal 2018.
Analysis of Financial Status
Assets, Liabilities and Net Assets
Total assets at the end of the fiscal year under review increased ¥29,570 million from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥549,459 million.
Current assets increased ¥29,781 million from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥444,443 million, reflecting a rise in other current assets, mainly cash and bank deposits on hand and advance payments. Non-current assets decreased ¥210 million year on year to ¥105,016 million, due to a decrease in other investments as a result of decreases in stock prices, despite increases in goodwill due to new investments, intangi- ble assets, and the balance of equity-method investments.
Total liabilities increased ¥17,922 million year on year to ¥390,760 million, due to an increase in other current liabilities, mainly comprising contract liabilities and advance payments, despite the redemption of bonds.
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent increased ¥9,234 million to ¥125,246 million, reflecting the recording of retained earnings as a result of the profit for the year attribut- able to owners of the Parent.
As a result, the equity ratio at the end of the fiscal year under review was 22.8%. The net D/E ratio stood at 0.4 times.
Cash Flows
In the year under review, net cash provided by operating activi- ties totaled ¥24,698 million. Net cash used in investing activi- ties amounted to ¥6,575 million. Net cash used in financing activities amounted to ¥7,158 million. As a result, after the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year under review stood at ¥88,941 million, up ¥11,210 million from the end of the previous fiscal year.
Fundraising
The Kanematsu Group carries out fundraising in line with
a basic policy of stably procuring funds at low cost as needed
to realize sustainable growth in line with its six-year medium- term vision, future 135.
The Group raises funds primarily through indirect financing based on good relations with its main banks, regional banks, life and non-life insurers, and other financial institutions. Kanematsu also raises funds from capital markets by issuing straight corpo- rate bonds as a means of long-term capital procurement. In the period under review, Kanematsu redeemed ¥5,000 million in straight corporate bonds. At the end of the fiscal period under review, debt procurement through direct financing accounted for 11% of consolidated interest-bearing debt.
To facilitate capital procurement, Kanematsu receives ratings from Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) and Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I). The Group’s long-term ratings as of the end of the fiscal year under review are BBB+ (stable) from JCR and BBB (stable) from R&I.
To secure liquidity on hand, the Group maintains an ample balance of cash and bank deposits as well as cash equivalents and has established commitment lines with major financial institutions.
To efficiently procure capital on a consolidated basis, the Group has adopted a cash management system under which fundraising for major domestic subsidiaries and affiliates is concentrated at the Parent Company and proceeds are then allocated in response to capital requirements. At the end of the fiscal period under review, the Company’s interest-bearing debt accounted for 67% of the consolidated Group’s interest- bearing debt, a reflection of the concentration of fund pro- curement at the Parent Company.
As a result of the above fundraising activities, at the end of the fiscal period under review, gross interest-bearing debt stood at ¥139,504 million, an increase of ¥2,178 million from the end of the previous fiscal year. Net interest-bearing debt stood at ¥49,969 million, down ¥9,076 million from the end of the previ- ous fiscal year, due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents. As a result, the net D/E ratio stood at 0.4, and Kanematsu’s financial position remained sound.
Corporate bonds and long-term borrowings (including the current portion of corporate bonds and long-term borrowings) accounted for 65% of the balance of interest-bearing debt at the end of the fiscal year under review (or 89% on a non-con- solidated basis). As such, Kanematsu’s fundraising was stable.
    Net Interest-Bearing Debt*1 / Net D/E Ratio*2
Total Equity / Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent per Share*
Total Equity Attributable to Owners of
the Parent / Ratio of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(Millions of yen)
140,000
(Millions of yen)
(Times) (Millions of yen) 2.0 200,000
(Yen)
1,499.86 1,500 158,698 1,200
900
600
300
(%)
35 30 25 20 15 10
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
72,155
1,377.66
147,050
125,246 116,012
          59,045
1.5
1.0
0.5
160,000
120,000
80,000
40,000
1,072.20
119,015
1,088.45
120,706
1,192.21
129,863
120,000 100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Total Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent Ratio of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 51
    49,969
90,244
91,599
100,357
           0.8
55,429 48,813
      0.5
0.6
0.5
 0.4
  5 000000
19.4
20.6
20.9
22.3
22.8
    FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Net Interest-Bearing Debt Net D/E Ratio
*1 Net interest-bearing debt = Interest-bearing debt –Cash and cash equivalents
*2 Net D/E ratio = Net interest-bearing debt / Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Total Equity
Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent per Share
* Kanematsuexecutedashareconsolidationon October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. The calculation of the above figures assumes that said share consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2014.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Business Risks
Below are details of the risks that could affect the business performance and financial position of the Group. The forward-looking statements below are based on information available as of June 21, 2019.
The Group takes all risk that it faces on a daily basis in the course of its business very seriously. Risk control is undertaken through management mechanisms and methods tailored to the nature of each category of risk.
 Risk of Macro Economic Change
The Group is engaged in wide-ranging global businesses, including the trading of goods, business investment, and the provision of services in and outside Japan. As such, economic deceleration in Japan, the United States, China, Europe, emerging nations in Asia, or in the global economy as a whole could cause demand to stagnate, leading to decreases in sales and significant drops in market prices. Such developments could negatively affect the Group’s operating results and financial position.
Market Risk
Many of the risks related to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates, and the product prices attendant to the Group’s business transactions are hedged against in the terms of transactions agreed upon with its business partners. In addition, individual internal units and Group companies set position limits and loss limits based on risk level and revenue for foreign currency exchange, interest rates on fund procure- ment, inventories, and their derivative products so that if these limits are exceeded, the Group can promptly reduce its position. Furthermore, the Group utilizes derivatives as hedg- ing instruments to reduce the risk of fluctuation in the prices of such positions. The status of these positions is regularly reported to the Management Committee. When a position limit is exceeded, it is promptly analyzed before the position in question is reduced.
Foreign Currency Risk
Incidental to its export and import trading, the Group is engaged in foreign currency transactions in a number of cur- rencies and under a variety of terms. The Group participates in derivatives transactions such as forward contracts to reduce the risk of currency fluctuations.
The Group also includes local subsidiaries and business cor- porations overseas. Account balances at these companies are converted into yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the time of account closing for the purposes of preparing consoli- dated financial statements. Total equity attributable to own- ers of the Parent may thus change as a result of translation adjustments related to overseas operations due to exchange rate fluctuations. This could affect the Group’s operating results and financial standing.
Interest Rate Risk
The Group raises the majority of funds needed for operating and financing activities in the form of borrowings from finan- cial institutions at variable interest rates, with the exception of certain loans. Such borrowings and fund management are exposed to interest rate risk, as interest paid by the Group may increase due to a rise in interest rates.
In its asset-liability management, the Group regards the portion of its short-term investments, long-term assets, and other non-interest-sensitive assets that are procured at vari- able interest rates as constituting its position subject to inter- est rate risk. The Group uses interest rate swaps to avoid interest rate risk related to borrowings, thereby reducing the interest rate risk pertaining to a portion of this position. However, the impact of interest rate fluctuations cannot be avoided completely and may affect the Group’s operating performance and financial standing.
Risk Related to Supply and Demand and Prices of Goods
In its mainstay commodity trading business in Japan and over- seas, the Group deals with grains, meat products, petroleum products and other products that are readily influenced by market conditions. Although the Group uses commodity
futures trading to reduce the risk of price fluctuations of certain goods, when its positions vis-à-vis such commodities increase, such factors as rapid movements in commodities prices or declines in demand may lead to unexpected losses and impact the Group’s operating performance.
Price Fluctuation Risk of Marketable Securities, etc.
The Group may hold shares in trade partners as means of strengthening its relationship with them. There is a risk of price fluctuation inherent in these shares, which could have an effect on the financial position of the Group due to chang- es in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
Credit Risk
The Group extends credit in a number of forms, including accounts receivable, advance payments, loans, and guaran- tees, as part of diverse business transactions with its trading partners in Japan and abroad. For this reason, deterioration in the financial standing of its trading partners or other such cir- cumstances may result in late repayment or default. In the course of forming and carrying out commodity supply agree- ments, subcontract agreements, or other agreements, the Group could also be forced to honor obligations and thereby incur a monetary loss if a trade partner were to default on its obligation or contract. Although the Group has set aside an allowance for such losses in its accounting using certain esti- mates, an additional loss could arise if the loss exceeds the scope of the allowance. This could negatively impact the Group’s operating performance.
For the purposes of extending credit to trading partners in Japan and abroad, the Group regularly rates its trading part- ners based on their financial data and other information. It sets credit limits based on these ratings and the type of credit in question and insures credit where necessary. The Group ensures that total credit extended stays within these credit limits. Such credit includes transactional credit arising from normal business transactions as well as that related to financ- ing, guarantees, and other activities. The Group periodically monitors credit collection and delinquency status and takes steps to protect its interests as needed. However, these con- trol efforts are not a guarantee that credit risk will be entirely avoided. Furthermore, if a business partner’s credit worsens, the Group will reduce its dealings with said partner or take steps to protect its receivables. Moreover, the Group establish- es resolution policies for use if such a partner were to go bankrupt. In these ways, the Group strives to collect receiv- ables. However, if receivables or other forms of credit become unrecoverable, the Group’s operating performance may be negatively affected.
Country Risk
The Group engages in transactions, loans, and investments in other countries. The collection of receivables may be delayed or rendered impossible as a result of political or economic developments in these countries. To minimize losses that could arise should a country risk be realized, the Group regu- larly sets limits based on ratings given to each country and region according to the scale of their respective country risk and avoids overexposure to any particular country or region. The Group takes such steps as enrolling in trade insurance programs as warranted by ratings and project details in an attempt to minimize recovery risks. However, continuing rele- vant businesses and transactions may be difficult if such risks actualize in certain countries and regions, potentially affecting the business results of the Group.
       52 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  Business Investment Risk
Under the future 135 medium-term vision, the Group aims for sustainable growth in business fields where it has stable earn- ings structures while securing scale expansion and added value through effective and appropriate business investment in areas of strength.
The Group establishes investment criteria for these busi- ness investments, with a focus mainly on investing in areas of strength. Based on their objectives, content, business profit- ability estimated on a cash flow basis, and evaluations and analyses of risk factors, these investments are deliberated by the corporate areas. Major projects over a certain size are deliberated by the Project Deliberation Committee. Investments are made after establishing criteria for business withdrawal, following which the Project Deliberation Committee regularly reevaluates and reviews their business potential and investment value to minimize any loss. However, the value of business investments may fluctuate according to the financial condition of the investment targets and the success or failure of the business.
Local laws and relationships with partners may prevent the Group from executing its policy for operating or withdrawing from a business, leading to the loss of part or all of the invest- ment, or to a need to provide additional funding. This may negatively affect the Group’s operating performance.
Risk of Impairment on Long-Term Assets
The Group’s property, plant and equipment, goodwill, and intangible assets are exposed to impairment risk. As necessary, if the value of such an asset decreases, the Group records said decline as impairment, which may affect its operating perfor- mance. In particular, under the future 135 medium-term vision, the Group seeks growth through business investment and, accordingly, its goodwill and identifiable intangible assets may increase as a result of corporate mergers going forward.
Fundraising Risk
The Group procures business capital via borrowings from financial institutions in and outside Japan, corporate bonds, and other means. The Group strives to maintain good busi- ness relationships with financial institutions and effective asset-liability management as well as to minimize liquidity risk by fundraising as warranted by its asset holdings. However, disorder in financial markets, a major downgrading of the Company’s credit ratings from a ratings institution, or other such developments could constrain the Group’s fundraising ability or increase fundraising costs.
Legal Risk Related to Changes in Laws
The business activities undertaken by the Group are subject to a wide range of legal regulations in Japan and other coun- tries. The Group takes the utmost care to abide by these regu- lations and may become unable to continue certain transactions because of factors such as unexpected changes in laws, changes in export and import regulations, including punitive tariffs introduced unilaterally following changes in the international political environment, and changes in regu- lations, such as requirements for permits and licenses related to the sale and handling of products. In addition, lawsuits or orders issued by the relevant authorities in relation to such developments may result in unexpected expenses for the Group. This risk also includes the risk of changes in tax rates or tax arrangements imposed by the relevant authorities or between countries under international taxation arrange- ments. Changes in legal systems could thus influence the operating results and financial position of the Group.
Legal Risk Related to Lawsuits and Disputes
The Group’s business operations and associated assets and liabilities may become subject in various ways to legal
proceedings, including lawsuits, or other disputes in the course of business activities undertaken in Japan and over- seas. Such lawsuits and other disputes are generally unpre- dictable, and resolving them is often very time-consuming. Furthermore, any prediction of their results involves uncer- tainty. If such lawsuits or disputes arise and lead to unexpect- ed outcomes, the Group’s operating results and financial position may be affected.
Compliance and Improper Conduct Risk
The Group operates businesses to buy, sell, and provide a broad array of products and services in Japan and overseas and carefully monitors laws and regulations, including those related to security export control and other aspects of export- ing and importing, that are established and enforced for these products and services both domestically and abroad.
To ensure comprehensive monitoring of relevant laws and compliance, the Company has established the Internal Control and Compliance Committee, which implements regu- lar reviews of compliance maintenance and responds to sud- den issues. However, it is difficult to ensure the completely consistent execution of related procedures across the Group’s wide range of trading operations, which often involve multi- ple parties. Although the Group has in place a number of measures to prevent violations, there is a risk that these may fail to prevent a legal violation or instance of improper con- duct. If such violation or conduct is material, the operating results and financial position of the Group could be affected.
Information Security Risk
The Group builds and operates information systems for sharing information and streamlining its operations. The Group has adopted information security control rules and takes thorough- going steps to realize effective crisis control response to ensure the safety of its information system operations. However, infor- mation systems cannot be made entirely invulnerable to the unauthorized disclosure of sensitive business information or personal information as a result of unauthorized access, com- puter viruses or other threats, nor to inoperability due to such factors as natural disasters, destruction of information system facilities attributable to accidents and other causes, and com- munication line problems. Such issues may reduce the efficien- cy of operations that depend on information systems and, depending on the scale of damage, seriously affect the busi- ness results and financial position of the Group.
Disaster Risk
In the event of an earthquake, major storm, flood, or other natural disaster or extreme weather event, outbreak of influ- enza or other infectious disease, a major accident, an act of terrorism, a riot, or other unforeseen circumstance, the Group’s employees and assets, such as systems, facilities and equipment, including offices, warehouses, and manufacturing plants in Japan and overseas, may be impacted, impairing business or production activities. The Group also owns cargo being stored or transported in and outside Japan for business transactions. Such assets may be damaged or deteriorate as a result of natural disasters, accidents, or other developments, and the businesses of the Group may be suspended due to such developments as earthquakes, fires, floods, and riots. The Group takes steps to mitigate such risk, including the adoption of employee safety confirmation systems, formula- tion of disaster manuals and business continuity plans (BCPs), measures to protect buildings, facilities, and systems from earthquake damage (including data backup), disaster readi- ness training, preparation of stocks of necessary supplies, and coordination and information sharing with business locations and affiliates in and outside Japan. Nevertheless, depending on the extent of the damage, such incidents may affect the operating results and financial position of the Group.
        KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 53
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
(Assets)
I. Current assets
1. Cash and cash equivalents (Note 27) 2. Trade and other receivables (Note 8) 3. Inventories (Note 9)
4. Other financial assets (Note 30)
5. Other current assets (Note 14) Total current assets
JPY USD (Note 2)
 2019
2018
 2019
 77,731 220,583 93,957 2,433 19,955
88,941
801,350
227,300
2,047,939
96,232
867,041
3,546
31,957
28,420
256,067
 444,443
414,662
4,004,353
 21,900 6,571 20,377 5,169 1,582 37,969 4,479 3,696 3,478
22,090
199,034
8,810
79,382
23,051
207,692
6,867
61,872
1,449
13,056
32,416
292,063
4,216
37,991
2,609
23,512
3,504
31,578
 105,016
105,226
946,179
 549,459
519,889
4,950,532
      II. Non-current assets
1. Property, plant and equipment (Note 10)
2. Goodwill (Note 11)
3. Intangible assets (Note 11)
4. Investments accounted for using the equity method (Note 12) 5. Trade and other receivables (Note 8)
6. Other investments (Note 13)
7. Other financial assets (Note 30)
8. Deferred tax assets (Note 29)
9. Other non-current assets (Note 14)
Total non-current assets
Total assets
   (Notes) Presentation of fiscal year and amounts (Japanese Yen and U.S. dollars)
1. “2019” refers to the Company’s consolidated fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and the other fiscal year is referred to in the corresponding manner. 2. “JPY” means millions of Japanese Yen and “USD” means thousands of U.S. dollars.
54 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2019
2018
 2019
 188,791 61,210 7,009 3,773 156 23,371
196,054
1,766,417
74,316
669,574
6,093
54,898
3,469
31,257
189
1,703
32,321
291,211
 312,443
284,313
2,815,061
76,116 2,853 6,340 1,639
641 933
 65,188
587,339
2,636
23,756
6,555
59,060
1,368
12,332
1,362
12,273
1,205
10,865
 78,317
88,525
705,625
390,760
372,838
27,781 26,810 48,559
(193)
1,275 12,684
(905)
 3,520,686
27,781
250,303
26,882
242,210
60,748
547,331
(1,318)
(11,882)
1,865
16,809
9,580
86,323
(293)
(2,642)
 11,153
13,055
100,490
 125,246
116,012
1,128,452
33,451
31,037
 301,395
158,698
147,050
 1,429,847
 549,459
519,889
4,950,532
    (Liabilities)
I. Current liabilities
1. Trade and other payables (Note 15) 2. Bonds and borrowings (Note 16)
3. Other financial liabilities (Note 30) 4. Income taxes payable
5. Provisions (Note 17)
6. Other current liabilities (Note 18) Total current liabilities
II. Non-current liabilities
1. Bonds and borrowings (Note 16)
2. Other financial liabilities (Note 30)
3. Retirement benefit liabilities (Note 28) 4. Provisions (Note 17)
5. Deferred tax liabilities (Note 29)
6. Other non-current liabilities (Note 18)
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
(Equity)
1. Share capital (Note 19)
2. Capital surplus (Note 19)
3. Retained earnings (Note 19)
4. Treasury stock (Note 19)
5. Other components of equity (Note 26)
1) Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2) Financial assets measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income
3) Cash flow hedges
Total other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
6. Non-controlling interests Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
           KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 55
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income: (a) Consolidated Statement of Income
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
I. Revenue (Notes 6 & 7)
II. Cost of sales
Gross profit
III. Selling, general and administrative expenses (Note 20) IV. Other income (expenses)
1. Gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net (Note 21)
2. Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (Note 22)
3. Other income
4. Other expenses
Total other income (expenses)
Operating profit (Note 7)
V. Finance income
1. Interest income (Note 24)
2. Dividend income (Note 24)
3. Other finance income (Notes 24 & 30)
Total finance income
VI. Finance costs
1. Interest expenses (Note 24)
2. Other finance costs (Notes 24 & 30)
Total finance costs
VII. Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method (Note 12)
Profit before tax
Income tax expense (Note 29) Profit for the year
Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent Non-controlling interests Total
Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Parent:
Basic earnings per share (Note 25) Diluted earnings per share (Note 25)
JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2019
2018
 2019
 723,849
714,790 (608,419)
6,521,752
(613,834)
(5,530,537)
110,014
106,371 (78,420)
(250)
(2,148)
1,560 (950)
 991,215
(80,393)
(724,331)
(238)
(2,147)
(111)
(1,002)
2,669
24,050
(1,592)
(14,344)
 727
(1,790)
6,558
30,349
26,160
363 1,073 10
 273,441
371
3,351
1,189
10,720
—
—
1,561
1,447
(2,414) (730)
 14,071
(2,662)
(23,985)
(434)
(3,916)
(3,096)
(3,144) 1,579
 (27,901)
363
3,277
29,177
26,043 (6,384)
 262,888
(8,728)
(78,640)
 20,449
19,658
184,248
16,317 3,341
 16,605
149,613
3,844
34,636
 20,449
19,658
184,248
              Yen
U.S. dollars
  56 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
198.22
198.15
193.79 193.79
1.79
1.79

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income: (b) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
I. Profit for the year
II. Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: 1. Financial assets measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income (Note 26)
2. Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans (Note 26)
3. Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted
for using the equity method (Note 26)
Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
1. Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (Note 26) 2. Cash flow hedges (Notes 26 & 30)
3. Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted
for using the equity method (Note 26)
Total items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax Total comprehensive income for the year
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent Non-controlling interests Total
JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2019
2018
 2019
 20,449
19,658
3,402 307 0
184,248
(3,031)
(27,312)
199
1,795
(23)
(210)
(2,855)
3,710
(1,427) (485)
(57)
 (25,727)
948
8,547
584
5,266
(19)
(172)
1,514
(1,970)
 13,642
 (1,341)
1,740
(12,085)
19,108
21,398
 172,163
18,354 3,044
 15,003
135,183
4,104
36,980
 19,108
21,398
172,163
            KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 57
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
As of April 1, 2017
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests Total transactions with owners
Reclassification from other components of
equity to retained earnings (Note 26) As of March 31, 2018
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies (Note 2)
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year
Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests Share-based payment transaction (Note 37)
Total transactions with owners Reclassification from other components of
equity to retained earnings (Note 26) As of March 31, 2019
As of April 1, 2017
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposition of treasury stock Equitytransactionswithnon-controllinginterests
Total transactions with owners Reclassification from other components of
equity to retained earnings (Note 26) As of March 31, 2018
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies (Note 2)
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year
Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests Share-based payment transaction (Note 37)
Total transactions with owners Reclassification from other components of
equity to retained earnings (Note 26) As of March 31, 2019
(JPY)
 Equity attributable to owners of the Parent
Other components of equity
  Share capital
27,781
—
—
27,781
Capital surplus
26,797
—
13 (0)
13
26,810
Retained Treasury earnings stock
34,579 (217) 16,317
16,317 — (2,736)
(6) 30
(2,736) 23 398
48,559 (193)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
2,349
(1,073) (1,073)
—
1,275
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
9,455
3,351 3,351
— (123)
12,684
Cash flow hedges
(388)
(516) (516)
—
(905)
                                                                                       (61)
     27,781
26,810
48,498
(193)
1,275
12,684
(905)
   16,605
         589
 (2,940)
 612
 —
 —
 16,605
 —
 589
 (2,940)
 612
   (4,655)
               (1,128)
     8
  4
      (0)
           64
 —
  72
  (4,655)
  (1,124)
  —
  —
  —
 300
(163)
27,781
26,882
60,748
(1,318)
1,865
9,580
(293)
                           (JPY)
 Equity attributable to owners of the Parent
 Other components of equity
 Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans
—
275 275
— (275)
—
Total equity Total other attributable to
components owners of of equity the Parent
11,416 100,357 — 16,317 2,037 2,037 2,037 18,354
Non-controlling interests
29,506 3,341
(297) 3,044
Total equity
129,863 19,658 1,740 21,398
                       — (2,736)
— —
— (6)
— 43
— (0) (1) (1)
       (1,511)
(1,512)
31,037
(2,736) (1,511) (6)
                            — (2,698) (398) — 13,055 116,012
43
(4,211) —
147,050
          —
 (61)
  (61)
 —
13,055
115,951
31,037
146,989
  —
 16,605
 3,844
 20,449
 137
  (1,601)
  (1,601)
  260
  (1,341)
 137
(1,601)
15,003
4,104
19,108
  —
 (4,655)
  (4,655)
  —
 —
 (1,689)
 (1,689)
  —
 (1,128)
  (1,128)
  —
 12
  12
  —
 (0)
 (0)
 (1)
  —
 64
  64
 —
  —
  (5,708)
  (1,690)
  (7,398)
 (137)
(300)
—
—
—
11,153
125,246
33,451
158,698
                           58 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 (USD)
 Equity attributable to owners of the Parent
Other components of equity
   As of March 31, 2018
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies (Note 2)
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year
Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests Share-based payment transaction (Note 37)
Total transactions with owners
Reclassification from other components of equity to retained earnings (Note 26)
As of March 31, 2019
As of March 31, 2018
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies (Note 2)
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year
Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests Share-based payment transaction (Note 37)
Total transactions with owners
Reclassification from other components of equity to retained earnings (Note 26)
As of March 31, 2019
Share Capital capital surplus
250,303 241,561
Retained earnings
437,513
Treasury stock
(1,748)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
11,495
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
114,287
Cash flow hedges
(8,156)
   (552)
     250,303
241,561
436,961
(1,748)
11,495
114,287
(8,156)
   149,613
         5,314
 (26,494)
 5,515
 —
 —
 149,613
 —
 5,314
 (26,494)
 5,515
     (41,948)
             (10,172)
     79
  37
     (6)
        577
           —
 649
 (41,948)
 (10,135)
 —
 —
 —
 2,705
(1,470)
250,303
242,210
547,331
(11,882)
16,809
86,323
(2,642)
                            Equity attributable to owners of the Parent
(USD)
1,324,897
 Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
1,045,255
 Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans
—
Total other components of equity
117,625
Non-controlling interests
279,643
Total equity
   —
 (552)
  (552)
 —
117,625
1,044,702
279,643
1,324,345
   —
  149,613
  34,636
  184,248
 1,235
(14,430)
(14,430)
2,345
(12,085)
 1,235
 (14,430)
 135,183
 36,980
 172,163
  —
 (41,948)
  (41,948)
   —
  —
  (15,224)
  (15,224)
 —
(10,172)
(10,172)
  —
 116
  116
  —
 (6)
 (4)
 (10)
  —
 577
  577
 —
  —
  (51,433)
  (15,228)
  (66,662)
 (1,235)
(2,705)
—
—
—
100,490
1,128,452
301,395
1,429,847
                            KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 59
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
I. Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the year
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Finance income and costs
Share of (profit) loss of investments accounted for using the equity method
(Gain) loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net
Income tax expense
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables (Increase) decrease in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables Increase (decrease) in retirement benefits liabilities Other (Note 6)
Subtotal
Interest received
Dividends received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities II. Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
Payments for intangible assets
Purchases of other investments
Proceeds from sale of other investments
Purchases of other financial assets
Proceeds from sale of other financial assets
Proceeds from (payments for) acquisition of subsidiaries (Notes 5 & 27) Proceeds from (payments for) sale of subsidiaries (Note 27)
Proceeds from transfer of business
Increase in loans receivable
Proceeds from collection of loans receivable
Other
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities III. Cash flows from financing activities
Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings, net (Note 27) Proceeds from long-term borrowings (Note 27)
Repayment of long-term borrowings (Note 27)
Proceeds from issuance of bonds (Note 27)
Redemption of Bonds (Note 27)
Dividends paid
Payments for purchase of treasury stock Dividends paid to non-controlling interests Other (Note 27)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
IV. Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, net
V. Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
VI. Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents VII. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Note 27)
JPY USD (Note 2)
 2019
2018
 2019
 19,658 3,145 2,148 1,696
(1,579)
250
6,384 (33,261) (13,729)
23,798 (297) (1,395)
20,449
184,248
3,274
29,505
111
1,002
1,535
13,830
(363)
(3,277)
238
2,147
8,728
78,640
(6,295)
(56,718)
(1,132)
(10,204)
(2,067)
(18,624)
(285)
(2,569)
7,632
68,771
 31,826
6,821
286,750
375
358 2,159
(2,381) (6,523)
 3,380
1,579
14,228
(2,639)
(23,779)
(6,442)
(58,046)
 24,698
434
222,533
(2,136) 1,365
(544) (117) 292
— 1,010
(362) (22)
1,452 (1,522) 1,378
309
 (3,128)
(28,191)
443
3,992
(419)
(3,783)
(3,109)
(28,020)
1,490
13,429
(0)
(1)
15
135
(1,729)
(15,583)
—
—
—
—
(62)
(567)
296
2,676
(369)
(3,329)
 (6,575)
1,103
(59,242)
2,510 15,508
(24,229) 9,928 —
(2,730) (7) (1,542) (277)
 5,708
51,434
13,871
124,983
(14,035)
(126,457)
—
—
(5,000)
(45,049)
(4,643)
(41,840)
(1,130)
(10,182)
(1,709)
(15,402)
(220)
(1,986)
 (7,158)
(842)
(64,499)
10,964
694
 98,792
 77,731
77,566
700,349
245
(529)
 2,209
88,941
77,731
 801,350
                60 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
1. Reporting Entity
Kanematsu Corporation (the “Company”) is a company located in Japan. The addresses of the Company’s registered headquar- ters and main offices are available on its corporate website (http://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/). The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2019 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Consolidated Group”), and the Consolidated Group’s inter- ests in associates and joint ventures. The Consolidated Group operates its businesses as an integrated trading company by
2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements
(1) Statement of compliance with IFRS
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) pursuant to the provision of Article 93 of the Ordinance on Terminology, Forms, and Preparation Methods of Consolidated Financial Statements (Ordinance of the Ministry of Finance No. 28 of 1976) as all the requirements of the “Specified Company for Designated IFRSs” set forth in Article 1-2 of said Ordinance have been fulfilled.
The consolidated financial statements were authorized by the board of directors meeting on June 21, 2019.
(2) Basis of measurement
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for:
• financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through
profit or loss, which are measured at fair value;
• financial assets measured at fair value through other compre-
hensive income, which are measured at fair value;
• defined benefit assets or liabilities, which are measured at the
present value of the defined benefit obligations less the fair
value of plan assets; and
• Impairment of non-financial assets, which are measured at
value in use or fair value.
(3) Functional currency and presentation currency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese yen, which is the Company’s functional currency. All financial information presented in Japanese yen has been rounded down to the nearest million.
The U.S. dollar amounts appearing in the consolidated finan- cial statements and the notes thereto represent the arithmetical results of translating yen to dollars at the rate of ¥110.99 to U.S.$1.00, the approximate exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2019. The translation of such dollar amounts is solely for convenience of the readers outside Japan and should not be construed as a representation that the Japanese yen amounts have been, or could be readily converted, realized or settled in dollars at the above, or any other rate.
(4) Use of estimates and judgments
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accor- dance with IFRSs requires management to make judgments, esti- mates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. The effect of a change in an accounting esti- mate is recognized in the period of the change and future peri- ods. The following notes include information on critical judgments in the application of accounting policies that have
providing a broad array of products and services through the organic integration of domestic and international business net- works; expertise acquired in various fields; and the functions of a trading company, including commodities trading, information gathering, market exploration, business development and orga- nization, risk management, and distribution. Detailed informa- tion on the business operations for each reportable segment are provided in Note 7 Segment Information.
a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidat- ed financial statements:
• Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies: (1) Basis of consolidation • Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies: (11) Revenue
The following notes include information on uncertainties of assumptions and estimates that have a significant risk to cause material revisions in the next fiscal year:
• Note 22. Impairment Loss
• Note 28. Employee Benefits
• Note 29. Current and Deferred Income Tax
• Note 30. Financial Instruments: (6) Fair value of financial
instruments
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the
Consolidated Group uses observable market data as much as it is available. Fair values are categorized into the following three hierarchy levels based on the inputs to the valuation techniques: • Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identi-
cal assets or liabilities that the Consolidated Group can access
at the measurement date
• Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level
1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly • Level 3: unobservable inputs
The following notes include detailed information on assump- tions made when measuring the fair value:
• Note 22. Impairment Loss
• Note 30. Financial Instruments: (6) Fair value of financial
instruments
(5) Changes in Presentation Methods
(Consolidated statements of cash flows)
“Purchase of treasury stock,” which was included “Other” in “Cash flows from financing activities” in the previous fiscal year, is presented separately in the fiscal year under review because it become material due to the significance of its amount. Accordingly, (¥285) million presented in “Other” in “Cash flows from financing activities” in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the previous fiscal year has been reclassified into “Purchase of treasury stock” of (¥7) million and “Other” of (¥277) million.
(6) Changes in accounting policies
Significant accounting policies applied to the consolidated financial statements of the Consolidated Group are the same as the accounting policies applied to the consolidated financial statements for the previous fiscal year, except for the following.
(IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”)
The Consolidated Group has adopted IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” from the current fiscal year. On tran- sition of the IFRS 15, the Consolidated Group has adopted this
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 61
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

standard retrospectively by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially application of this standard .
Information on critical judgments in the application of accounting policies that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements is provided in “Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies.”
In conjunction with the application of this standard, the Company applied the standard by identifying contracts with customers and performance obligations and determining the transaction prices based on the five-step approach and compar- ing revenue recognized based on this approach with revenue recognized based on the prior and existing accounting stan- dards. A difference has occurred in the time of recognizing the satisfaction of the performance obligations in some transac- tions. It also results in reversing a provision (non-current) of ¥209 million and recognizing other current assets of ¥1 million, other non-current assets of ¥4 million, other current liabilities of
3. Significant Accounting Policies
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consis- tently to all the periods presented in these consolidated finan- cial statements, and have been applied consistently by the Consolidated Group.
(1) Basis of consolidation
1) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities which are controlled by the Consolidated Group. The Consolidated Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When the Consolidated Group holds more than half of the voting rights of another enti- ty, such entity is included in the subsidiaries of the Consolidated Group as it is determined that control exists, unless it can be clearly demonstrated that such ownership does not constitute control. In addition, even when the Consolidated Group holds only half or less of the voting rights of another entity, such entity is included in the subsidiaries of the Consolidated Group if it is determined through agreements with other investors that the Consolidated Group has control over such entity’s financial and operating policies and thus has the ability to affect returns from such entity.
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements of the Consolidated Group from the date the Consolidated Group obtains control of the subsidiaries until the date it loses such control of the subsidiar- ies. When the accounting policies adopted by the subsidiaries are different from those adopted by the Consolidated Group and the difference is considered material, the financial state- ments of the subsidiaries are adjusted as necessary.
Changes in the Consolidated Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The Company recognizes directly in equity any dif- ference between the amounts by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received, and attribute it to the owners of the Company.
If the Consolidated Group loses control of a subsidiary, the Consolidated Group derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the former subsidiary, and any non-controlling interests and other components of equity related to the former subsidiary. Any gains or losses arising from such loss of control are recognized in
¥46 million, and other non-current liabilities of ¥228 million at the beginning of the current fiscal year in the consolidated statement of financial position in comparison with the case where the prior and existing accounting standards were applied, retained earnings have decreased by ¥61 million.
Revenue, cost of sales, and other expenses decreased by ¥103 million, ¥118 million, and ¥25 million, respectively, compared with those if the prior accounting standard was applied, in the consolidated statement of income or loss in the current fiscal year. In addition, in the consolidated statements of financial position at the end of the current fiscal year, trade and other receivables (current), other current assets, other non-current assets, other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities increased by ¥35 million, ¥2 million, ¥5 million, ¥54 million and ¥216 million, respectively, while inventories and provisions (non- current) decreased by ¥23 million and ¥230 million, respectively.
profit or loss. If the Consolidated Group retains any interest in the former subsidiary after the control is lost, such interest is measured at fair value at the date that control is lost.
2) Associates and joint ventures
Associates are those entities over which the Consolidated Group has significant influence, where significant influence is defined as the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the entities but is not control or joint control of those entities. If the Consolidated Group holds between 20 per- cent and 50 percent of the voting rights of each those entities, it is presumed that the Consolidated Group has significant influ- ence over each of those entities.
Even if the Consolidated Group holds less than 20 percent of the voting rights of another entity, such entity is included in the associates of the Consolidated Group as long as it is determined that the Consolidated Group has significant influence over the entity through the dispatch of the board members, the share- holders’ agreement or the like.
Joint ventures are those entities with respect to which multi- ple parties, including the Consolidated Group, have joint control over the economic activities by contract and unanimous consent of all of such parties is required when deciding on the relevant activities, whereby the Consolidated Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement.
Except for those that are classified as assets held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, investments in associates and joint ventures (“equity method investee”) are measured at the carry- ing amount following the application of the equity method (including goodwill recognized at the time of acquisition) less any accumulated impairment losses.
The consolidated financial statements include the Consolidated Group’s share of profit or loss and other compre- hensive income of the associates and joint ventures from the date the Consolidated Group obtains significant influence or joint control until the date it loses such significant influence or joint control. When the accounting policies adopted by the equity method investees are different from those adopted by the Consolidated Group, the financial statements of the equity method investees are adjusted as necessary.
 62 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 3) Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The Consolidated Group recognizes goodwill as the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amounts of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree measured at the acquisition date; less the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed (generally measured at fair value). When such difference results in a negative balance, it is immedi- ately recognized in profit or loss. Non-controlling interests are measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The measurement method to be applied at the acquisition date is determined on a transaction-by-trans- action basis. Acquisition-related costs, which are costs that the Consolidated Group incurs to effect a business combination (excluding costs to issue debt or equity securities), are account- ed for as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred, and thus not included in the cost of goodwill. In a business com- bination achieved in stages, the Consolidated Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquiree at its acquisi- tion-date fair value and recognizes any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement in profit or loss. Changes in the value of the Consolidated Group’s equity interest in the acquiree that had been recognized in other comprehensive income prior to the acquisition date are recognized in profit or loss, or other comprehensive income, on the same basis as would be required if the Consolidated Group had disposed of the previously held equity interest.
4) Transactions eliminated in consolidation
Intragroup balances and transactions, as well as any unrealized gains and losses arising from intragroup transactions, are elimi- nated when preparing the consolidated financial statements.
(2) Foreign currency translation
1) Translation of foreign currency transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated into functional cur- rencies of individual companies using the exchange rates at the dates of such transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign curren- cies are translated into functional currencies using the exchange rate at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences on monetary items are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Non-monetary items that are measured on
a historical cost basis in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional cur- rency using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.
With respect to the exchange differences of a non-monetary item, when a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognized in other comprehensive income, the Consolidated Group recog- nizes any exchange component of that gain or loss in other comprehensive income. Conversely, when a gain or loss on a non-monetary items is recognized in profit or loss, the Consolidated Group recognizes any exchange component of that gain or loss in profit or loss.
2) Translation of foreign operations
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including any good- will and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of foreign operations, are translated using the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. In addition, income and expenses of foreign oper- ations are translated using the average exchange rate for the report- ing period unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly.
Exchange differences arising from the translation are recog- nized in other comprehensive income and the cumulative amounts of the exchange differences are included in other com- ponents of equity. When the Consolidated Group’s foreign oper- ations are disposed of, the cumulative amounts of the exchange differences related to foreign operations are reclassified to profit or loss when the gain or loss on disposal is recognized.
(3) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of cash on hand; demand deposits; and short-term, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition that are readily convertible to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
(4) Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost determined by the moving-average method and net realizable value.
(5) Property, plant and equipment
The Consolidated Group uses the cost model to measure an item of property, plant and equipment after initial recognition and carries it at its cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The cost of property, plant and equipment include the cost directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset.
Property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each com- ponent thereof. The ranges of principal estimated useful lives are presented as follows:
Buildings and structures: 3 to 50 years Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture & fixtures: 2 to 20 years Leased assets are fully depreciated over the shorter of the
lease term and their estimated useful lives if there is no reason- able certainty that the Consolidated Group will obtain owner- ship by the end of the lease term.
The depreciation method, useful life and residual value of an asset are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period and amended as necessary.
(6) Goodwill and intangible assets
1) Goodwill
Goodwill is carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
2) Intangible assets
The Consolidated Group uses the cost model to measure an intangible asset after initial recognition and carries it at its cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impair- ment losses.
A separately acquired intangible asset is initially recognized and measured at cost. The cost of an intangible asset acquired in a business combination is its fair value at the acquisition date. With respect to an internally generated intangible asset that does not qualify for asset recognition, expenditures on such an
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 63
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

internally generated intangible asset are recognized as expenses when they are incurred. Conversely, the cost of an internally generated intangible asset that qualifies for asset recognition is the sum of expenditures incurred from the date when it first meets the recognition criteria.
An intangible asset with a finite useful life is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life. The Consolidated Group’s intangible assets with finite useful lives are comprised mainly of software whose estimated useful life is 5 years.
The amortization method, useful life and residual value of an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and amended as necessary.
Certain intangible assets with indefinite useful lives such as carrier shop operating rights are not amortized, but instead test- ed for impairment based on the cash-generating unit at least once a year and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
(7) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Consolidated Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, it estimates the recover- able amount of the asset or the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Goodwill and an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that such assets may be impaired. If the carrying amount of an individual asset or the cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the carry- ing amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount and that reduction is recognized as an impairment loss.
The Consolidated Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognized in prior fiscal years for an asset other than goodwill may no longer exist or may have decreased. If any such indica- tion exists, the Consolidated Group will estimate the recoverable amount of that asset. If the recoverable amount exceeds the car- rying amount of that asset or the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs, the carrying amount is increased to its recov- erable amount, which is, however, limited up to the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of amortization or depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior fiscal years; and that increase is recognized as a reversal of an impairment loss. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.
In addition, because goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an equity method investee is not separately recognized, it is not tested for impairment separately. If it is indicated that the investment in an equity method invest- ee may be impaired, the entire carrying amount of the invest- ment is tested for impairment as a single asset, by comparing its recoverable amount with its carrying amount.
(8) Financial instruments
1) Financial assets
The Consolidated Group classifies financial assets at initial rec- ognition as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income or financial assets measured at amor- tized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes financial assets measured at amortized cost on the date that they arise and the other financial assets on the transaction date.
The Consolidated Group derecognizes a financial asset when, and only when (a) the contractual rights to cash flows from the financial asset expire, or (b) it transfers the contractual rights to cash flows and substantially all the risks and rewards of owner- ship of the financial asset.
(i) Financial assets measured at amortized cost
A financial asset that meets both of the following conditions is classified as a financial asset measured at amortized cost:
• The financial asset is held within a business model whose
objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contrac-
tual cash flow and,
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on speci-
fied dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial asset measured at amortized cost at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently mea- sures it at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
(ii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
(a) Debt instruments
Debt instruments that meet both of the following conditions is classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:
• The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flow and selling financial assets and,
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on speci- fied dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and recognizes the subsequent changes in fair value as other com- prehensive income. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss is reclassified to profit or loss.
(b) Equity instruments
With regard to a financial asset that has classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss, IFRS 9 per- mits an entity to make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income changes in fair value of an invest- ment in an equity instrument that is not held for trading. The Consolidated Group makes this election on an instrument-by- instrument basis.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures an equity instrument measured at fair value through other compre- hensive income at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and recognizes the subsequent changes in fair value as other compre- hensive income. When the equity instrument is derecognized, or its fair value substantially decreases, the Consolidated Group reclassifies the cumulative amount of other comprehensive income to retained earnings and not to profit or loss. Dividends are recognized in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly repre- sents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
64 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 (iii) Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
A financial asset other than those classified as (i), (ii) and (iii) above is classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss at its fair value and expenses the transaction costs as incurred that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and recognizes the subsequent changes in fair value in profit or loss.
2) Impairment of financial assets
The Consolidated Group assesses impairment of financial assets measured at amortized cost and financial assets measured at fair value through other compressive income based on the expected credit loss approach.
If, at the reporting date, the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Consolidated Group measures the loss allowance for that finan- cial instrument at an amount equal to the 12-month expected credit losses, i.e., the expected credit losses that result from default events on that financial instrument that are possible with- in the 12 months after the reporting date. Conversely, if, at the reporting date, the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Consolidated Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses, i.e., the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over the expected life of that financial instrument.
However, the Consolidated Group always measures the loss allowance for trade receivables, contract assets and lease receiv- ables at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses despite the above requirement.
If there is any objective evidence that financial assets are cred- it-impaired, such as a borrower’s significant financial difficulty, a breach of contract of default or delinquency by the borrower, etc., the Consolidated Group measured interest income to net carrying amount after deducting loss allowance following the effective interest method.
Detailed information on the assessment of significant increases in credit risk and the measurement of expected credit losses is provid- ed in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (3) Credit risk management.
3) Financial liabilities
The Consolidated Group classifies financial liabilities at initial recognition as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss or financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes financial liabilities measured at amortized cost on the date that they arise and the other financial liabilities on the transaction date.
The Consolidated Group derecognizes financial liabilities when they are extinguished, i.e., when obligations specified under a contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.
(i) Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
The Consolidated Group classified financial liabilities, other than financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial liability measured at amortized cost at its fair value less any transaction costs directly attributable to incurring of the liability, and subsequently measures it at amortized cost using the effec- tive interest method.
(ii) Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial liability measured at fair value through profit or loss at its fair value, and subsequently measures it at fair value and rec- ognizes subsequent changes in fair value in profit or loss.
4) Derivatives and hedge accounting
In order to hedge the foreign currency fluctuation risk, interest rate fluctuation risk and commodity price fluctuation risk, the Consolidated Group enters into derivative transactions, such as forward exchange transactions, interest rate swap transactions and commodity futures and forwards transactions.
When initiating a hedge, the Consolidated Group designates and documents the risk management purposes and strategies regarding the hedge relationship and initiation of such hedge. Such documentation includes the designation of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and methods of assessing the hedging instru- ment’s effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. In addition, such hedging is assessed on an ongo- ing basis whether it was actually effective throughout the reporting periods was designated.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures deriva- tives at fair value and subsequently measures them at fair value and accounts for subsequent changes in fair value as follows:
(i) Fair value hedge
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in fair value of a derivative used as a hedging instrument in profit or loss, and the changes in fair value of a hedged item attributable to the hedged risk in profit or loss by adjusting the carrying amount of the hedged item.
(ii) Cash flow hedge
Of the changes in fair value of a derivative used as a hedging instrument, the portion determined to be effective is recognized in other comprehensive income and the cumulative amount is included in other components of equity. Conversely, the portion determined to be ineffective is recognized in profit or loss. The amounts accumulated in other components of equity are reclas- sified from other components of equity to profit or loss in the same period that the transaction of the hedged item affects prof- it or loss; provided, however, that if hedging of a forecast transac- tion subsequently results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or liability, the amounts accumulated in other components of equity are then accounted for as an adjustment to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial asset or liability.
When the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised; or when the hedge no longer meets the criteria for the hedge accounting, the Consolidated Group discontinues the hedge accounting prospectively. The amounts accumulated in other components of equity remain in equity when hedge accounting is discontinued and are recognized in profit or loss when the forecast transaction is recognized in profit or loss. However, if the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the amounts accumulated in other components of equity are reclassified immediately from other components of equity to profit or loss.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 65
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(iii) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments in profit or loss.
5) Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount of such offset is presented in the consolidated state- ments of financial position only when the Consolidated Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and intends either to settle them on a net basis or realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
(9) Provisions
The Consolidated Group recognizes a provision when, only when (a) the Consolidated Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event; (b) it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; and (c) a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the Consolidated Group recognizes the provision by discounting it using a current pre-tax discount rate that reflects the risks specif- ic to the liability.
(10) Equity
When the Consolidated Group repurchases the shares of trea- sury stock, it is measured at cost and is presented as a deduction from equity. Transaction costs directly attributable to the repur- chase of the shares of treasury stock are deducted from capital surplus. When the Consolidated Group sells the shares of trea- sury stock, the consideration received is recognized as an increase in equity.
(11) Revenue
1) Recognition of revenue
The Consolidated Group recognizes revenue from contracts with customers based on the following five-step approach.
Step 1: Identifying the contracts with customers
Step 2: Identifying the performance obligations in the con- tracts
Step 3: Determining the transaction price
Step 4: Allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contracts
Step 5: Recognizing revenue when (or as) an entity satisfies the performance obligations
The Consolidated Group’s principal business is mainly to sell goods in its four segments of Electronics & Devices, Foods & Grain, Steel, Materials & Plant, and Motor Vehicles & Aerospace. It recognizes revenue from the sale of these goods at the time when promised assets are delivered that is, because customers obtain control of the goods and the performance obligations are satisfied at the time of delivery. In the provision of services, the Consolidated Group recognizes revenue in accordance with the performance obligations that will be satisfied over time according to the progress of individual contracts.
The Consolidated Group also measures revenue at an amount obtained by deducting discounts, rebates and returned goods from the promised consideration in the contract with the cus- tomer. If there is more than one identifiable performance obli- gation in a single contract, the contract is divided into each performance obligations, and revenue is recognized for each performance obligation. In addition, if an economic reality is not presented unless multiple contracts are considered as one, the Consolidated Group recognizes revenue by combining the mul- tiple contracts.
If the Consolidated Group receives the consideration from the customer before satisfying the performance obligations, the Consolidated Group recognizes it as a contract liability.
2) Presentation of revenue
If the Consolidated Group conducts a transaction as a principal, the Consolidated Group presents revenue at the total amount of consideration received from the customer. If the Consolidated Group conducts a transaction as an agent for a third party, the Consolidated Group presents revenue at the net amount of the commission.
When the Consolidated Group determines whether it conducts a transaction as a principal or as an agent for a third party, the Consolidated Group takes the following indicators into account. • Whether the other party is primarily responsible for fulfilling
the premise.
• Whether the Consolidated Group has inventory risk both dur-
ing shipping and upon return around the time when the cus-
tomer places an order for the goods.
• Whether the benefits that the Consolidated Group can obtain
from the goods or services of the other party are limited because of the fact that the Consolidated Group does not have discretion in establishing the price for the goods or services of the other party.
(12) Finance income and finance costs
Finance income comprises interest income, dividend income, gain on sale of financial instruments and gain arising from changes in fair value of financial instruments. Interest income is recognized at the time of receipt by using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized on the date when the Consolidated Group’s right to receive payment is established. Finance costs comprise interest expenses, loss on sale of finan- cial instruments and loss arising from changes in the fair value of financial instruments.
(13) Employee benefits
1) Post-retirement benefits
(i) Defined benefit plans
Defined benefit plans are retirement benefit plans other than defined contribution plans. Defined benefit obligations are cal- culated separately for each plan by estimating the future amounts of benefits that employees will have earned in return for their services provided in the current and prior periods, and discounting such amounts in order to determine the present value. The fair value of any plan assets is deducted from the present value of the defined benefit obligations. The discount rate is determined by reference to the market yields on highly rated corporate bonds at the fiscal year-end that have maturity terms that are approximately the same as those of the Consolidated Group’s defined benefit obligations and use the same currencies as those used for future benefits payments.
When the retirement benefit plans are amended, the change in defined benefit obligations related to past service by employ- ees is immediately recognized in profit or loss.
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in the net defined benefit liability (asset) due to remeasurements in other comprehensive income and immediately reclassifies them to retained earnings.
66 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 (ii) Defined contribution plans
Defined contribution plans are retirement benefit plans under which an employer pays fixed contributions into a separate enti- ty and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay fur- ther contributions. The obligations already paid or to be paid as contributions under the defined contribution plans are recog- nized as expenses in the period in which the employees render the related services.
2) Other long-term employee benefits
The Consolidated Group recognizes obligations for long-term employee benefits other than post-employment benefits as a liability by estimating the amounts as of the reporting date that will be paid to the employees in return for their services without discounting that amounts unless it is material.
3) Short-term employee benefits
The Consolidated Group recognizes short-term employee bene- fits as a liability and an expense by estimating the amounts that will be paid to the employees in return for their services without discounting those amounts. The Consolidated Group recognizes bonuses to be paid pursuant to the bonus system as a liability when it has present legal or constructive obligations to pay as a result of past employee service, and when the amounts of the obligations can be estimated reliably.
(14) Income taxes
Income tax expenses comprises current tax expense and deferred tax expense. The Consolidated Group recognizes them in profit or loss, except when they arise from items that are rec- ognized in other comprehensive income or directly equity, and from business combinations.
Current tax expense is measured by the expected taxes receiv- able from or taxes payable to tax authorities, and the tax rates or tax laws that are used to calculate the tax amount are those that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the fiscal year.
The Consolidated Group recognizes deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences between the carrying amount of an asset and liability in the statements of financial position and its tax base, the unused tax losses carried forward and unused tax credits carried forward. The amounts of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are calculated by applying the expected tax rate or tax law applicable as of the period in which assets are realized or liabilities are settled in accordance with a statutory tax rate or a substantially enacted statutory tax rate and the tax law as of the fiscal year-end. The Consolidated Group does not recognize deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities in the following cases:
• when taxable temporary differences arise from the initial rec- ognition of goodwill;
• when they arise from the initial recognition of an asset or a lia- bility in a transaction which is not a business combination; and on the transaction date, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit (tax loss); or,
• with respect to taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, when the Consolidated Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences; and it is probable that the tempo- rary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only when the Consolidated Group has a legally enforceable right to
set off the current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and, such deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes lev- ied on the same taxation entity. However, even in the case of different taxable entities, the Consolidated Group can set off if the tax taxable entities intend either to settle current tax liabili- ties and assets on a net bases, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, the unused tax losses car- ried forward and unused tax credits carried forward to the extent that it is probable that they can be used against future taxable profit. The carrying amounts of deferred tax assets are reassessed at each fiscal year-end, and such carrying amount will be reduced to the extent it is no longer probable that related tax benefits from such assets will be realized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are also reassessed at the end of each report- ing period and are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available to recover the deferred tax assets.
The Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries apply the consolidated tax payment system, by which the Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries are allowed to file a tax return and pay the corporation tax as a con- solidated tax filing group.
(15) Leases
The Consolidated Group determines whether an agreement is, or contains, a lease based on the substance of the agreement at inception of the lease. The substance of an agreement is assessed based on (a) whether fulfillment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of a specified asset or assets; and (b) whether the agreement conveys a right to use the asset.
1) Finance lease
A finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes a leased asset at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments, and subsequently accounts for the lease asset based on the applicable accounting policies. Minimum lease payments are apportioned between the finance charge and the reduction of the outstanding liability. The finance charge is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.
2) Operating lease
An operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease. The Consolidated Group recognizes lease payments under an operating lease as an expense on a straight-line basis mainly over the lease term. When the Consolidated Group is the lessor of assets under an operating lease, it presents the assets subject to the operating lease in its consolidated statements of financial position.
(16) Share-based payments
The Consolidated Group introduces a performance-linked stock compensation plan as an incentive plan for its Directors and Executive Officers. The equity-settled share-based payment plan measures at the fair value on the date of grant, recognizing it as an expense from the date of grant through the vesting period and rec- ognizing the same amount as an increase in capital surplus.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 67
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 4. Standards and Interpretations Issued but Not Yet Adopted
The following are the major standards and interpretations that have been newly issued or amended prior to the date of autho- rization for issuance of the consolidated financial statements.
The Consolidated Group has not yet adopted this standard for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
 Standard
IFRS 16
Title
Mandatory application (from fiscal years beginning on or after)
January 1, 2019
Fiscal year in which the Consolidated Group will apply the standard
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Summary of new or amended standard
Amendment of accounting treatment for lease contracts
 Leases
 Under IFRS 16 (hereinafter referred to as the “Standard”), the Consolidated Group will recognize a right-of-use assets repre- senting its right to use the underlying leased asset and a Lease liabilities representing its obligation to make lease payments for almost all lease contracts.
The adoption of the Standard is expected to increase of assets and liabilities for leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17 “Leases”. Operating lease payments that were expensed in the consolidated statement of income as incurred will be recorded as depreciation expense for right-of-use assets
5. Business Combinations
No major business combinations took place in the previous fiscal year (from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018).
The major business combination that took place in the fiscal year under review (April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) was as follows.
(1) Contents of the business combination
and interest cost for Lease liabilities, and reclassified from a reduction in cash flows from operating activities to a reduction in cash flows from financing activities in the consolidated state- ment of cash flows.
The Consolidated Group expects that right-of-use assets and Lease liabilities will increase approximately ¥17 billion each on the initial application date (April 1, 2019). The effect of the con- solidated statement of income of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 would be negligible.
       Name of the acquired company
Contents of business
Date of the business combination
Legal form of
the business combination
Company name after the combination
G-Printec, Inc.
Development, manufacture and sale of card printers and related devices
December 3, 2018
Acquisition of shares with cash as consideration
G-Printec, Inc.
(3) Acquisition costs and the detail
Fair value on the acquisition date of shares of the acquired company held immediately before the acquisition date
Fair value of shares of the acquired company additionally acquired on the acquisition date
Acquisition cost
(4) Acquisiton-related costs and its line item
JPY 1,440
2,160 3,600
        Percentage of the voting rights acquired
  Percentage share of voting rights owned immediately before the acquisition date 40.0%
Percentage share of voting rights additionally acquired on the acquisition date 60.0% Percentage share of voting rights after acquisition 100.0%
     (2) Purpose of the business combination
The card printer business, one of the key businesses in the Electronics & Devices segment, has been focusing on the distri- bution of card printers for many years. We position G-Printec, Inc. as an important strategic function to further enhance the added value of the card printer business, and we have decided that the acquisition of the printer design and development functions of G-Printec, Inc. will contribute to the enhancement of the corporate value of the Consolidated Group, because it will enable us to mutually generate synergistic effects by meet- ing even more diversified customer needs.
Gain from remeasurement relating to business combinations of ¥610 million is recorded in “Other income” in the consolidated statements of income as a result of re-measuring the fair value on the acquisition date of equity interest in the acquired compa- ny held immediately before the acquisition date.
(5) Assets and liabilities on the day of the business combination
JPY Fair value of the consideration paid 3,600
Cash and cash equivalents 439 Trade receivables 845 Inventories 301 Other current assets 91 Property, plant and equipment 124 Intangible assets 2,856 Other non-current assets 25
Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Goodwill (Note) 2,485
Total 3,600
(Note) The details of goodwill are mainly excess earning power and synergy effects with the existing businesses. The amount of goodwill recognized does not include the amount that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
(1,740) (1,831)
 68 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 (6) Impacts on cash flows through business combination
(7) Impacts on the operating results of the Consolidated Group
Operating results at the acquired company from the date of acquisition to March 31, 2019 are as follows:
JPY Revenue 1,628 Profit 287
Pro-forma information (unaudited information) concerning con- solidated operating results in the fiscal year under review in the case that the business combination is assumed to be conducted at the beginning of the period is revenue of ¥726,220 million and profit attributable to owners of the Parent of ¥16,760 million.
 Payments for acquisition costs (cash consideration) Cash and cash equivalents on the acquisition date Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries
6. Revenue
(1) Disaggregation of revenue
JPY (2,160)
439 (1,720)
   As disclosed in Note 7 Segment information, the Consolidated Group has four reportable segments: Electronics & Devices, Foods & Grain, Steel, Materials & Plant and Motor Vehicles & Aerospace. In addition, the Consolidated Group disaggregates revenue in Electronics & Devices recognized from contracts with customers into three categories: ICT solutions, Mobile and Others. Similarly , revenue in Steel, Materials & Plant is disaggregated into Energy and Others. The reconciliations of the disaggregated revenue with the group’s sales compo- nents are as follows.
The accounting methods for the revenue are consistent with those stated in Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies.
JPY USD
Electronics & Devices ICT solution Mobile
Others
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Energy
Others
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Total reportable segment
Others
Total revenue arising from contracts with customers
Revenue arising from other sources Total
(Notes) Revenue arising from other sources includes revenue recognized in accordance with IAS 17 “Lease”.
(2) Contract balances
Information on contract assets and liabilities arising from contracts with customers are as follows:
 2019
2018
 2019
 60,556 131,910 70,550 231,260
96,432 56,640 54,204
65,561
590,695
135,094
1,217,182
64,530
581,408
244,859
2,206,136
73,199
659,511
66,234
596,761
61,938
558,056
 711,417
701,555
6,409,748
11,960
12,691
 107,763
723,378
714,247
 6,517,512
470
543
 4,241
 723,849
714,790
6,521,752
            2019
The date of intial application (April 1, 2018)
2019
  Contract assets Contract liabilities
Contract assets primarily relate to the consolidated group’s rights to receive consideration for performance obligations that have been completed, but not yet billed for, as of the reporting date. Contract assets are reclassified as receivables when the Consolidated Group’s right to payment becomes unconditional.
Contract liabilities mainly relate to consideration received from customers before the Consolidated Group delivers goods or products to customers, based on receivables management and other considerations. The balance may fluctuate temporarily
JPY USD
168 4,504
at the timing of the contract. The Consolidated Group recog- nized revenue on all of the balance of contract liabillities as of April 1, 2018 during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. There are no significant amounts of revenue recognized during the year ended March 31, 2019 from performance obligations satis- fied in the prior fiscal year. The increase of contract liabilities is included in a reduction of other from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
11,273
7
101,571
67
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 69
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(3) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations
Regarding performance obligation satisfy over time in maintenance and warranty with service, the Consolidated Group recognize as a contract liability received consideration and the revenue has been allocated according to maintenance period or satisfaction of perfor- mance obligation. In addition, the Consolidated Group recognize as a contract liability that already received a part of consideration upon delivery of goods.
Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations are as follows. It`s not included expected transactions term within one years.
JPY USD
 2019
  2019
 10,517
94,762
11,387
102,599
 21,905
197,361
    Within one year Over one years
 Total
 (Notes) The transaction for remaining performance transaction by over one year is mainly sales of goods as of year ended March 31 ,2019. The performance obligation expect to satisfy within three years.
(4) Assets recognized from the costs of obtaining or fulfilling contracts with customers
There are no assets recognized from the costs of obtaining or fulfilling contracts with customers as of the year ended March 31, 2019. In addition, if the amortization period of the assets that the group otherwise would have recognized is one year or less, the group applies the practical expedient of recognizing the incremental costs of obtaining the contract as an expense when incurred.
 7. Segment Information
(1) Overview of reportable segments
The reportable segments of the Consolidated Group are compo- nents of the Consolidated Group for which discrete financial information is available and are reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company normally and regularly assesses its business performance and examines the allocation of manage- ment resources.
The Consolidated Group offers a broad array of merchandise and services, using expertise in each business field and trading function from Japan and its international network. Trading func- tions include commercial trade, information gathering, market development, business development and arrangement, risk management and logistics.
The Consolidated Group therefore consists of merchandise and service segments based on its business units: “Electronics & Devices”, “Foods & Grain”, “Steel, Materials & Plant”, and “Motor Vehicles & Aerospace”.
The principal merchandise and services handled by each seg- ment are presented as follows:
(Electronics & Devices)
The Electronics & Devices segment provides a wide range of products including electronic parts and components, semicon- ductor and LCD manufacturing equipment, materials and indirect materials related to electronics, coupled with develop- ment and proposal services. This segment also deals with mobile communications terminals, mobile internet systems, and infor- mation and telecommunication equipment and security equipment and services.
(Foods & Grain)
The Foods & Grain segment integrates the handling of a broad array of food and foodstuffs, with operations ranging from sourcing raw materials reliably to providing food and foodstuffs, including high value-added products. Merchandise in this seg- ment includes cooked foods, processed fruits, processed agricul- tural products, beverage ingredients, animal and fishery products, wheat, rice, soybeans, feedstuff and pet foods.
(Steel, Materials & Plant)
The Steel, Materials & Plant segment operates the domestic and international trade of general steel products including steel plates, bars and wire rods, pipes, and stainless products, carries out overseas projects such as plant and infrastructure develop- ment, and sells machine tools and industrial machinery. Additionally, this segment operates the domestic and interna- tional trade of crude oil, petroleum products, LPG, functional chemicals and food products, pharmaceuticals and pharmaceu- tical intermediates, and other products. It also operates busi- nesses related to environmental and emissions rights.
(Motor Vehicles & Aerospace)
The Motor Vehicles & Aerospace segment primarily operates international trade of aircrafts and aircraft parts, satellite- and aerospace-related products, automobiles, motorcycles and relat- ed parts, industrial vehicles, construction machinery, etc., and also provides products with added value based on demand or use.
70 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 (2) Information on reportable segments
The accounting methods for the reportable operating segments are largely consistent with those stated in Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies. Inter-segment revenue and transfers are based on the transaction prices to external customers.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
 Reportable segment
(JPY)
Consolidated
 Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Total
Others (Note 1)
Adjustment (Note 2)
         265,530
244,859
139,436
62,063
711,888
11,960
—
723,849
282
 1
 66
 24
 374
 103
 (478)
 —
 265,812
244,860
139,502
62,087
712,262
12,064
(478)
723,849
 18,533
 3,951
 4,437
 2,549
 29,472
 850
 26
 30,349
        1,345
579
864
390
3,179
116
(21)
3,274
(78)
53
28
32
35
327
—
363
 197,389
 124,172
 133,762
 48,296
 503,621
 9,520
 36,318
 549,459
        —
1,407
2,521
350
4,279
2,591
(3)
6,867
1,377
335
1,101
701
3,516
251
415
4,183
 Revenue External Inter-segment
Total revenue Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures
      Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
(USD)
Consolidated
 Reportable segment
 Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Total
Others (Note 1)
Adjustment (Note 2)
         2,392,379
2,206,136
1,256,294
559,180
6,413,989
107,763
—
6,521,752
2,543
 14
 595
 220
 3,372
 935
 (4,307)
 —
 2,394,922
2,206,150
1,256,889
559,399
6,417,361
108,698
(4,307)
6,521,752
 166,988
 35,600
 39,983
 22,968
 265,538
 7,665
 238
 273,441
        12,124
5,218
7,786
3,520
28,647
1,048
(190)
29,505
(708)
485
254
293
324
2,953
—
3,277
 1,778,447
 1,118,775
 1,205,172
 435,142
 4,537,536
 85,776
 327,220
 4,950,532
—
12,683
22,715
3,160
38,558
23,346
(32)
61,872
12,409
3,026
9,925
6,324
31,684
2,264
3,740
37,688
 Revenue External Inter-segment
Total revenue Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures
        (Notes) 1. The “Others” column is a business segment that is not included in the reportable segments and includes the logistics and insurance service business and the geotech business.
2. Adjustments are presented as follows:
(1)Adjustment for segment profit (loss) of ¥26 million ($238 thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥26 million ($238 thousand).
(2)Adjustment for segment assets of ¥36,318 million ($327,220 thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(10,141) million ($(91,373) thousand) and
corporate assets of ¥46,459 million ($418,593 thousand) that are not allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of cash and
bank deposits associated with financing activities and assets such as investment securities.
(3)Adjustment for depreciation and amortization of ¥(21) million ($(190) thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(21) million ($(190) thousand). (4)Adjustment for investments accounted for using the equity method of ¥(3) million ($(32) thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(3) million
($(32) thousand).
(5)Adjustment for capital expenditures of ¥415 million ($3,740 thousand) includes corporate assets of ¥415 million ($3,740 thousand) that are not allocated
to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of lease equipment related to the information system of the subsidiary.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 71
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
(JPY)
Consolidated
714,790 —
714,790
26,160
3,145
1,579
519,889
5,169
3,105
   Electronics & Devices
Revenue
External 263,310 Inter-segment 277
Foods & Grain
231,260 4
231,265
2,149
562
62
118,829
1,337
600
Steel, Materials & Plant
153,075 80
153,155
3,930
838
19
121,456
83
486
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
54,453 11
54,464
2,541
425
33
42,898
326
384
Total
702,099 374
702,743
26,179
3,032
476
477,972
2,620
2,831
Others Adjustment (Note 1) (Note 2)
12,691 — 62 (436)
12,753 (436)
(20) 2
135 (21)
1,102 0
9,112 32,803
2,552 (3)
120 153
Reportable segment
   Total revenue
Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets
Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures
263,587
17,556
1,205
361
194,788
873
1,359
     (Notes) 1. The “Others” column is a business segment that is not included in the reportable segments and includes the logistics and insurance service business and the geotech business.
2. Adjustments are presented as follows:
(1)Adjustment for segment profit (loss) of ¥2 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥2 million.
(2)Adjustment for segment assets of ¥32,803 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(15,610) million and corporate assets of ¥48,414 million that are
not allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of cash and bank deposits associated with financing activities and assets such
as investment securities.
(3)Adjustment for depreciation and amortization of ¥(21) million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(21) million.
(4)Adjustment for Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method of ¥0 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥0 million. (5)Adjustment for investments accounted for using the equity method of ¥(3) million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(3) million.
(6Adjustment for capital expenditures of ¥153 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(0) million and corporate assets of ¥153 million that are not
allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of lease equipment related to the information system of the subsidiary.
Adjustments from segment profit (operating profit) to profit before tax presented in the consolidated statements of income are presented as follows:
JPY
USD
     Segment profit
Finance income and finance costs
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Profit before tax
(3) Information on products and services
The information on products and services is disclosed in Note 6. Revenue.
26,160 (1,696)
1,579 26,043
72 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
2019
2019
 30,349
(1,535)
363
29,177
2018
273,441
(13,830)
3,277
262,888

 (4) Geographic information
1) External revenue
Japan
Asia
North America Europe
Others
Total
Revenue is classified by country or region based on the locations of customers.
2) Non-current assets (excluding financial assets and deferred tax assets)
Japan
Asia
North America Europe
Others
Total
(5) Information on major customers
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 597,774
592,687 51,411 48,665 17,397
4,627
5,385,845
51,157
460,922
53,708
483,902
16,492
148,592
4,716
42,492
 723,849
714,790
6,521,752
       JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 47,292
42,172 991 6,548 2,580 35
426,100
1,172
10,567
6,750
60,824
2,216
19,971
24
223
 57,457
52,328
517,685
       There is no customer whose transaction volume is equal to or more than 10% of the Consolidated Group’s revenue for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018.
 8. Trade and Other Receivables
The breakdown of trade and other receivables is presented as follows:
Notes and accounts receivable Loans receivable
Other
Less: loss allowance
Total
Current assets Non-current assets
Total
Information on changes in loss allowance is provided in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (3) Credit risk management..
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 222,551
215,705 3,425 5,021
(1,985)
2,005,148
3,195
28,790
4,830
43,518
(1,827)
(16,462)
 228,749
222,166
2,060,995
227,300
220,583 1,582
 2,047,939
1,449
13,056
 228,749
222,166
2,060,995
          9. Inventories
The breakdown of inventories is presented as follows:
Merchandise and finished goods Raw materials and supplies Work in progress
Total
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 93,299
91,334 2,045 577
840,614
2,335
21,046
597
5,381
 96,232
93,957
867,041
        The amounts of inventory write downs that were recognized as expense during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are ¥597,766 million ($5,385,767 thousand) and ¥592,212 million, respectively.
The amounts of inventory write downs that were recognized as expense during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are ¥276 million ($2,490 thousand) and ¥365 million, respectively.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 73
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 10. Property, Plant and Equipment
Changes in costs, accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses of property, plant and equipment are presented as follows:
[Costs]
As of April 1, 2017
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Transfers from construction in
Disposals
Exchange differences
Increases (decreases) due to a the scope of consolidation
Other
As of March 31, 2018
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
(JPY)
 Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
27,974
822 14——6
progress 80 478 25 (591)
Buildings and structures
16,439
Construction in Land progress
10,572 588
Total
55,575
  change in
— (31) (16) 580
301 50,831
522 3,216 2 129 28
(2,427) (2,676) (6) (289)
(12) (18) 500 21
15,400 26,825
514 2,179 25 101 108 214
(2,021) 149
(2,365) (6)
— 75
8,303
—
—
(6) (0) (7,470) (13) (316)
1,331
2 336
2,493
  Transfers from construction in
Disposals (546)
— (293)
progress
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
[Accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses]
— (1) (1) 12 — 0
8,301 544
Construction in Land progress
(37) —
— — (2,074) — 963 — — —
(2,569) 126
(75)
51,688
Total
(28,717)
(2,417) (2,146) 4,380
96
26 (152)
(28,930)
(2,552) (78)
1,963 (25)
26
(29,597)
(33)
99 (174)
 15,567 27,274
 (JPY)
 Buildings and structures
As of April 1, 2017 (9,663)
Depreciation (630)
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
(19,016)
(1,787) (1)
1,369 91
  Impairment losses
Disposals
Exchange differences
Increases (decreases) due to a change in the scope of consolidation
(69) 2,047 4
Other (112) 35
As of March 31, 2018 (8,413) (19,293)
Depreciation (759) (1,793)
(75) —
(1,224) —
— — — — — — — — — —
(1,224) —
10 15 — —
  Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
(58) (20) 390 1,573
6 (31) 4 22
(8,830) (19,543)
  74 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 [Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2018 As of March 31, 2019
[Costs]
As of March 31, 2018
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Transfers from construction in progress Disposals
Exchange differences
Other
As of March 31, 2019
[Accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses]
(JPY)
(USD)
 Buildings and structures
6,986 6,737
Buildings and structures
138,753
4,638
233
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
7,532 7,731
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
241,694
19,636 918 1,929
Construction in Land progress
7,079 301 7,077 544
Construction in Land progress
Total
21,900 22,090
    Total
 74,815 2,720 457,982
— 4,709 28,983
 974
(4,925) (18,213)
— 20
— (2,643)
— (16) (16) 111 — 2
74,799 4,903
Construction in Land progress
(11,030) —
— — — — — — — — — —
(11,030) —
Construction in Land progress
63,769 4,903
1,171
259 (23,155)
1,141 (678)
465,703 (USD)
Total
(260,662)
(23,001) (705)
17,692 (234)
241
(266,670) (USD)
Total
199,034
(304) 896
1,350 (1,576)
245,738
 140,264
   As of March 31, 2018
Depreciation Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019 [Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2019
Buildings and structures
(75,804)
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
(173,828)
 (6,839) (16,163)
(523) 3,515 54 38
(79,558)
Buildings and structures
60,706
(183) 14,177
(288) 203
(176,082)
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
69,656
     The amounts of expenditures relating to property, plant and equipment under construction are presented in the table above as “Construction in progress”.
Depreciation for property, plant and equipment are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 75
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(1) Goodwill
1) Costs, accumulated impairment losses and carrying amount
Changes in costs, accumulated impairment losses and carrying amount of goodwill are presented as follows: [Costs]
   2019
10,160
2019
  Balance at the beginning of the year Acquisitions through business combinations Exchange differences
Balance at the end of the year
[Accumulated impairment losses]
Balance at the beginning of the year Impairment losses
Balance at the end of the year
[Carrying amount]
Carrying amount
2) Impairment test
JPY
JPY
JPY
7,578
(1,006)
6,571
USD
USD
USD
7,578
2018
68,277
    2019
 (1,006)
   2019
2018
(899)
2019
 (9,065)
 (343)
(107)
(3,096)
 (1,349)
(12,162)
 2019
  The Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, and when- ever there is an indication that the Consolidated Groups may be impaired. The carrying amount of significant goodwill allocated to the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units was as follows:
8,810
  2019
2018
79,382
 2019
  Electronics & Devices segment
Electronics business of the domestic subsidiaries Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries
Foods & Grain segment
Pet-related businesses of the domestic subsidiaries
Steel, Materials & Plant segment
Oilfield tubing business of the foreign subsidiaries
The recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash- generating units to which significant goodwill has been allocat- ed were calculated based on its value in use founded on the five-year forecast that was approved by management.
The five-year forecast of cash flows is based on future plans reflecting past performance. In addition, the main assumption used to determine such forecast was the growth rates of gross
JPY USD
1,763 2,123
319 2,151
profits through such terms, such growth rates being consistent with the forecasts of the nominal GDP growth rates or the like of the countries in which such Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are situated. The ultimate growth rates are determined by considering the average long-term growth rates of the markets or countries to which the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units belong.
76 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
2,485
4,248
2,098
2,247
96
—
7,203
 495 (121)
2018
22,396
38,282
18,909
20,250
871
 91,544
—

 The pre-tax discount rates which were used in calculating the value in use of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units to which significant goodwill has been allocated were as follows:
   2019
 6.2%
8.9%
7.0%
11.8%
    Electronics & Devices segment
Electronics business of the domestic subsidiaries
Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries
Foods & Grain segment
Pet-related businesses of the domestic subsidiaries
Steel, Materials & Plant segment
Oilfield tubing business of the foreign subsidiaries
2018
2.8% 6.6%
5.6%
13.4%
 With respect to goodwill that has been allocated to the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units, the recoverable amount of such goodwill exceeds its carrying amount. Thus, even if major assumptions are changed to a reasonable extent, it is unlikely that such changes in major assumptions will reduce the recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units below the carrying amount.
(2) Intangible assets
Changes in costs, accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses of intangible assets are presented as follows: [Costs]
(JPY)
  As of April 1, 2017 Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Software 8,596 322
Carrier shop operating rights 17,140
Other 4,427
Total 30,164
 Disposals (313) Exchange differences (18) Other (19) As of March 31, 2018 8,568 Acquisitions 418 Acquisitions through
63
— (14) — (180) — (1)
17,140 4,295 — 17
— 2,804
— (21) — 144 — (104)
17,140 7,134 impairment losses]
Carrier shop operating rights Other
(234) (1,611)
— (314) — (1) — 0 — 61
386
(328) (198) (20)
30,004 435
2,856
(226) 158
(49) 33,179
Total
(9,228)
(780) (2)
— 0—11
  52 Disposals (204)
business combinations
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
14
54 8,904
  [Accumulated amortization and accumulated
Software
As of April 1, 2017 (7,383)
Amortization (465)
(JPY)
   Impairment losses
Disposals
Exchange differences
Other 25
As of March 31, 2018 (7,528)
Amortization (396)
  Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
(32) 200
(12) 25
(7,744)
—
(234)
— — — — —
(234)
(1,863) (9,626)
(368) (765) — (32)
4 205 (52) (64)
131 156
(2,148) (10,128)
(1) 279 15
279 77 1 27
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 77
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

[Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2018 As of March 31, 2019
[Costs]
As of March 31, 2018
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Software 1,039 1,159
Software
77,198
3,771 475
Carrier shop operating rights 16,906
16,906
Carrier shop operating rights
154,436
— —
— — —
154,436 impairment losses]
Carrier shop operating rights
(2,113)
— — — — —
(2,113)
Carrier shop operating rights 152,322
Other 2,432 4,986
Other
38,704
156 25,264
(195) 1,298
(942)
64,284
Other
(16,790)
(3,323) —
41 (470)
1,182
(19,360)
Other 44,925
Total 20,377 23,051
Total
270,337
3,928 25,739
(2,041) 1,430
(448)
298,945
Total
(86,737)
(6,897) (297)
1,850 (585)
1,412
(91,253)
Total 207,692
(JPY)
(USD)
       Disposals (1,846)
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
[Accumulated amortization and accumulated
132 495
 80,225
   As of March 31, 2018
Amortization Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
[Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2019
Software
(67,834)
(3,574) (297)
1,809 (115)
230
(69,780)
Software 10,445
(USD)
(USD)
      The carrier shop operating rights were recognized as intangi- ble assets upon acquisition of the mobile business by the consol- idated subsidiary of the Company. Fundamentally the rights are expected to exist as long as the business continues, they are determined to be classified as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.
The recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash- generating units including the carrier shop operating rights were calculated based on its five-year forecast’s value in use that was approved by management. The five-year forecast of cash flows is based on the future plans anticipated based on past perfor- mance. In addition, the main assumption used to determine
such forecast was the growth rates of gross profits through such terms, such growth rates is consistent with the forecasts of the nominal GDP growth rates or similar the countries in which such Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are situated.
The ultimate growth rates are determined by considering the average long-term growth rates of the markets or countries to which the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units belong.
There were no material internally-generated intangible assets as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018.
Amortization expenses are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidat- ed statement of income.
The discount rates before tax used to determine the value in use of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are presented as follows: 2018
Electronics & Devices segment
Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries 6.5%
With respect to the carrier shop operating rights, the recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units exceed their carrying amounts. Thus, even if major assumptions are changed to a reasonable extent, it is unlikely that such changes in major assumptions will reduce the recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units below the carrying amount.
   2019
 8.3%
     78 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  12. Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
There are no associates or joint ventures that are material to the Consolidated Group.
The aggregate amounts of interests in individually immaterial associates and joint ventures that are accounted for using the equity
method are presented as follows: [Aggregate carrying amount]
Associates Joint ventures
[Profit or loss from continuing business]
Associates Joint ventures
[Other comprehensive income]
Associates Joint ventures
[Total comprehensive income]
Associates Joint ventures
13. Other Investments
The breakdown of other investments is presented as follows:
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Total
14. Other Current Assets and Other Non-current Assets
The breakdown of other current assets and other non-current assets is presented as follows:
JPY
JPY
JPY
JPY
JPY
JPY
5,057 112
814 764
(57) —
757 764
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
   2019
  118
    304
  2019
59
 (42)
  2019
—
 261
59
2018
2018
2018
2018
2019
 6,749
60,807
1,065
 2019
2019
 2,740
537
 2019
 (381)
2019
2,358
—
  537
  2019
2018
 2019
 3,962
4,168 32,805 994
35,706
28,453
256,357
—
—
 32,416
37,969
292,063
        2019
2018
 2019
 19,666
11,001 4,766 — 7,666
177,193
4,809
43,336
7
67
7,441
67,049
 31,925
23,433
287,645
28,420
19,955 3,478
 256,067
3,504
31,578
31,925
23,433
287,645
    Advance payments Prepaid expenses Contract assets Other
Current assets Non-current assets
Total
Total
     KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 79
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 15. Trade and Other Payables
The breakdown of trade and other payables is presented as follows:
JPY
USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 142,951
141,292 36,468 11,030
1,287,965
42,443
382,405
10,660
96,047
 196,054
188,791
1,766,417
196,054
188,791 —
 1,766,417
—
—
 196,054
188,791
1,766,417
    Notes and accounts payable Import bills payable
Accounts payable - commission
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
16. Bonds and Borrowings
Total
Total
     The breakdown of bonds and borrowings is presented as follows:
Current portion of bonds
Short-term borrowings
Current portion of long-term borrowings Bonds (excluding the current portion)
Long-term borrowings (excluding the current portion) Total
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
(Note) The “average interest rate” is presented as the weighted average interest rate against the borrowings outstanding at the end of the fiscal year. The interest rate for bonds is presented in the “Details of bonds” below.
    2019
2018 JPY
Average interest rate (Note)
  JPY
USD
Maturity date
  —
 —
48,463
436,649
25,852
232,925
14,930
134,518
50,258
452,820
 139,504
 1,256,913
 74,316
 669,574
65,188
 587,339
 139,504
1,256,913
  4,987 42,653 13,568 14,910
61,205
137,326 61,210 76,116
137,326
—— 1.48% — 1.18% —
——
1.00%
September 2020
to October 2029
       [Details of bonds]
Issuer
Kanematsu Corporation
Kanematsu Corporation
Kanematsu Corporation
Kanematsu Corporation
2019
2018 JPY
4,987
4,978
4,965
4,966
     Bond Name
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 1 (3-year bonds)
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 2 (5-year bonds)
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 3 (5-year bonds)
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 4 (7-year bonds)
Issue date
March 10, 2016
March 10, 2016
December 14, 2017
December 14, 2017
Coupon rate Collateral
0.40% per
annum None
0.64% per
annum None
0.42% per
annum None
0.57% per
annum None
Over four years and within five years
JPY USD
— —
 JPY
USD
Maturity date
March 8, 2019
March 10, 2021
December 14, 2022
December 13, 2024
Over five years
JPY USD
4,971 44,792
  —
  —
 4,985
44,922
 4,972
 44,805
 4,971
 44,792
         (Note) The maturity schedule of bonds after the end of the current fiscal year is presented as follows:
 Within one year
JPY USD
Corporate bonds — —
Over one year and within two years
JPY USD
4,985 44,922
Over two years and within three years
JPY USD
— —
Over three years and within four years
JPY USD
4,972 44,805
   80 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  17. Provisions
Changes in provisions are presented as follows:
Balance as of April 1, 2018
Adjustment for IFRS15
Restated balance as of April 1, 2018 Provisions made
Provisions used
Provisions reversed
Unwinding of discount
Foreign exchange translation differences
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Balance as of April 1, 2018
Adjustment for IFRS15
Restated balance as of April 1, 2018 Provisions made
Provisions used
Provisions reversed
Unwinding of discount
Foreign exchange translation differences
Balance as of March 31, 2019
The current and non-current portions of provisions are presented as follows:
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
Asset retirement obligations are obligations for restoring offices and shops in accordance with provisions of the property leasing con- tracts. While these expenditures will be made after at least one year has passed, the amounts may be affected by the future business plan and other factors.
18. Other Current Liabilities and Other Non-current Liabilities
The breakdown of other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities is presented as follows:
(JPY)
 Asset retirement obligations
1,310
— 1,310 124
(115) —
19 —
1,338
Asset retirement obligations
11,810
— 11,810 1,118
(1,036) —
172 —
Other
485
(209) 276 27
(53) (39) —
7
218
Other
4,375
(1,880) 2,495 245
(484) (351)
— 66
1,971
Total
1,796
(209) 1,587 151
(168) (39)
19 7
1,557
Total
16,185
(1,880) 14,305 1,364
(1,520) (351)
172 66
14,035
USD
(USD)
          12,064
 JPY
 2019
2018
 2019
 189
156 1,639
1,703
1,368
12,332
 1,557
1,796
14,035
      JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 7,940
8,392 — 3,337 3,029 9,545
71,544
11,273
101,571
3,464
31,216
74
667
10,774
97,077
 33,527
24,304
302,076
32,321
23,371 933
 291,211
1,205
10,865
 33,527
24,304
302,076
    Advances received Contract liabilities Accrued expenses Unearned revenue Other
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
Total
     KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 81
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 19. Equity
(1) Capital management
The Consolidated Group has a basic policy of increasing share- holders’ equity (See Note 1) up to a certain level and strengthen- ing its financial base to enhance its enterprise value through building new businesses and increasing revenues while main- taining a sound financial position.
The Company sets the maximum ratio of risk assets (See
Note 2) and examines the appropriateness of scale of sharehold- ers’ equity in terms of it being a risk buffer to potential loss that could result from a deterioration in the companies’ respective businesses, so that it could manage shareholders’ equity minutely.
The key indices which the Consolidated Group uses for man- agement of shareholders’ equity are as follows, and these indi- ces are periodically reported to and monitored by management.
• Ratio of risk assets
• Net DER (See Note 3)
(Note 1)Shareholders’ equity is defined as equity attributable to owners of the Parent.
(Note 2) Ratio of risk assets is defined as a ratio of the amount of maximum potential loss to shareholders’ equity. The amount of maximum potential loss is the amount of all assets and off balance sheet transactions on the consolidated financial statements multiplied by the original risk weight set by our consolidated group according to the potential risk of loss.
(Note 3) Net DER is defined as a ratio of net interest-bearing debt to shareholders’ equity, while net interest-bearing debt is the total amount of interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents.
The figures of net DER as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are presented as follows:
2018 Net DER 0.5
(Unit: times)
   2019
 0.4
    The Consolidated Group is not subjected to any externally imposed capital requirements (except for general requirements, such as those in the Companies Act).
(2) Number of shares authorized to be issued, issued shares and shares of treasury stock
Shares authorized to be issued (No-par common stock)
Shares of treasury stock (No-par common stock)
(Unit: share)
    2019
200,000,000
2018 200,000,000
390,123
        Issued shares
(No-par common stock)
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
84,500,202 — 84,500,202
  1,068,136
 (Notes) 1. Shares of treasury stock in the current fiscal year includes 100,000 shares of the Company held by the associate and 711,500 shares of the Company held by the stock issuance trust for officers.
2.The Company consolidated its common shares at a ratio of five shares to one share on the effective date of October 1, 2017. Assuming that the company consolidated its shares on April 1, 2016, the number of shares after share consolidation is provided.
(3) Surplus
1) Capital surplus
Capital surplus mainly consists of legal capital surplus.
2) Retained earnings
Retained earnings consist of legal retained earnings and other retained earnings.
The Companies Act of Japan provides that an amount equal to 10% of distribution of surplus for each fiscal year must be
appropriated as legal capital surplus or legal retained earnings until the total aggregate amount of legal capital surplus and legal retained earnings equals 25% of share capital.
Under the Companies Act, the amounts available for distribu- tion are calculated based on the amounts of capital surplus and retained earnings, exclusive of legal capital surplus and legal retained earnings, all of which are recorded in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
82 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
84,500,202 — 84,500,202
 
 (4) Dividends
1) Amounts of dividends paid
 Resolution
May 21, 2018 Board of Directors meeting
Oct. 31, 2018 Board of Directors meeting
Resolution
May 22, 2017 Board of Directors meeting
Oct. 31, 2017 Board of Directors meeting
Source of Type of stock dividends
Common Retained stock earnings
Common Retained
Total amounts of dividends
Dividends per share
Record date
Mar. 31, 2018
Sep. 30, 2018
Record date
Mar. 31, 2017
Sep. 30, 2017
Effective date
Jun. 4, 2018
Dec. 3, 2018
Effective date
Jun. 5, 2017
Dec. 1, 2017
   stock
Type of stock
earnings
Source of dividends
JPY
2,569
2,106
USD
23,151
18,976
Yen
30.50
25.00
U.S.$
0.275
0.225
    Common Retained stock earnings
Common Retained stock earnings
Total amounts of dividends
JPY
1,263
1,474
Dividends per share
Yen
3.00
3.50
  (Notes) 1. The dividends per share resolved by the board of directors meeting on May 22 and October 31, 2017, with record date on March 31 and September 30, 2017 are provided as the amounts before share consolidation as of October 1, 2017.
2. The total amount of dividends resolved by the board of directors meeting on October 31, 2018 includes ¥17 million ($160 thousand) of the dividends to the shares of the Company held by the stock issuance trust for officers.
2) Dividends with record date in the current fiscal year, and effective date in the following fiscal year
 Resolution
May 20, 2019 Board of Directors meeting
Type of stock
Common stock
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Total amounts of dividends
Dividends per share
Yen U.S.$
35.00 0.315
Record date
Mar. 31, 2019
Effective date
Jun. 3, 2019
 JPY
2,948
USD
26,566
  * The total amount of dividends resolved by the board of directors meeting on May 20, 2019 includes ¥24 million ($224 thousand) of the dividends to the shares of the Company held by the stock issuance trust for officers.
 20. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
The breakdown of selling, general and administrative expenses is presented as follows:
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 2,174
2,027 43,444 7,264 6,742 18,941
19,594
44,944
404,943
7,670
69,108
6,512
58,677
19,091
172,009
 80,393
78,420
724,331
    Depreciation and amortization Personnel expenses Outsourcing service charges Rent expenses
Other
 Total
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 83
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 21. Gain or Loss on Sale or Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets
The breakdown of gain or loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets is presented as follows:
JPY
USD
     Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment
Total gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment
Total loss on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Loss on disposal of intangible assets
Total loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net
22. Impairment Loss
(1) Breakdown of impairment loss by each class of assets
32 32
(8)
(8) (241) (21) (262)
(238)
43
43 (68) (68)
(192) (34) (226)
(250)
        The breakdown of impairment losses by class of assets is presented as follows. Impairment losses for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are included in “Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets” , and impairment losses for goodwill are included in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
 2019
2018
 2019
 (78)
(2,146) (107) (2)
(705)
(343)
(3,096)
(32)
(297)
 (454)
(2,255)
(4,098)
   Property, plant and equipment Goodwill
Intangible assets
JPY USD
JPY USD
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the pet-related busi- ness of the domestic subsidiary recognized, an impairment loss of ¥319 million ($2,875 thousand) as a result of reducing the carrying amount of goodwill to the recoverable amount of ¥950 million ($8,563 thousand) because future cash flows is anticipat- ed to be lower than its originally value. The recoverable amount is based on the value in use and it was estimated by discounting future cash flows at a pre-tax rate of 7.01%. The asset belongs to the Foods & Grain segment.
While fair values are categorized into three levels depending on inputs to valuation techniques used, all the fair values above are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy with its details described in Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements, (4) Use of estimates and judgments.
 Total
 (2) Breakdown by reportable segment
The breakdown of impairment losses by reportable segment is presented as follows:
Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant Other/Adjustment and elimination
Total
 2019
2018
 2019
 (77)
(2) (107) (5) (2,141)
(701)
(377)
(3,397)
—
—
—
—
 (454)
(2,255)
(4,098)
      For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, an impairment loss of ¥1,161 million was recognized as a result of reducing the carry- ing amount of idle land owned in Japan to the recoverable amount of ¥602 million. An impairment loss of ¥975 million was also recognized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of assets for transfer of golf business to the recoverable amount of ¥1,566 million. The recoverable amount is based on fair value less costs of disposal and the fair value is estimated mainly based on sale value. The asset belongs to the Other segment.
Regarding the pet-related business of the domestic subsidiary, an impairment loss of ¥107 million was recognized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of goodwill to the recoverable amount of ¥359 million because future cash flows anticipated to be generated was judged to be lower than originally assumed. The recoverable amount is based on the value in use and it was estimated by discounting future cash flows at a pre-tax rate of 6.55%. The asset belongs to the Foods & Grain segment.
84 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
2019
2018
2019
 295
 295
 (73)
 (73)
 (2,178)
(190)
 (2,368)
 (2,147)
 
  23. Exchange Differences
Exchange differences recognized in profit or loss for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were ¥646 million ($5,828 thousand) and ¥521 million, respectively and are included in “Other income” in the consolidated statement of income. In addition, each amount includes gains or losses arising
24. Finance Income and Finance Costs
The breakdown of finance income and finance costs is presented as follows:
Interest income
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Total interest income
Dividend income
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Total dividend income
Other finance income (Note)
Other finance income
Total other finance income
Total finance income
Interest expenses
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost Derivatives
Total interest expenses
Other finance costs (Note)
Other finance costs
Total other finance costs
from currency-related derivative transactions that were entered into for the purpose of hedging the foreign currency risk. Gains and losses arising from translating assets and liabilities denomi- nated in a currency other than the functional currency or from settling such items are included in profit or loss as they arise.
 JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 352 11
371
3,351
—
—
 371
363
3,351
268 805
 227
2,046
962
8,674
 1,189
1,073
10,720
10
 —
—
 —
10
—
1,561
1,447
 14,071
(2,144) (269)
 (2,446)
(22,044)
(215)
(1,941)
 (2,662)
(2,414)
(23,985)
(730)
 (434)
(3,916)
 (434)
(730)
(3,916)
 (3,096)
(3,144)
(27,901)
               Total finance costs
(Note) The amounts of other finance income and other finance costs are those related to financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and the details
are presented in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (6) -3) - (ii) Recurring fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
  25. Earnings Per Share Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(1) Basic earnings per share
Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share
Yen
U.S. dollar
   2019
 The amount of diluted earnings per share is calculated by deeming the shares authorized to be issued subject to conditions which are expected to be provided under the performance-linked stock compensation plan as potential shares.
198.22
198.15
2018
193.79 193.79
2019
 1.79
1.79
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 85
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(2) Bases for calculation of basic earnings per share
Profit attributable to owners of the Parent
Amount not attributable to common shareholders of the Parent Profit used to calculate basic earnings per share
Profit used to calculate diluted earnings per share
Weighted average number of common shares
Increase due to performance-linked stock compensation plan Weighted average number of common shares adjusted for dilution
JPY USD
16,317 — 16,317 16,317
Thousand shares 2018
84,202 — 84,202
   2019
   2019
83,773
31
83,804
  (Notes) 1. The Company consolidated its common shares at a ratio of five shares to one share on the effective date of October 1, 2017. Assuming that the company consolidated its shares on April 1, 2016, earnings per share attributable to owners of the parent is provided.
2. In the calculation of the basic earnings per share, the shares of the Company owned by the stock issuance trust for officers below are included in the treasury stock which is deducted in the calculation of average number of shares during the fiscal year.
Previous consolidated fiscal year — shares
Consolidated fiscal year under review 437,846 shares
 26. Other Components of Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
Changes in other components of equity are presented as follows:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Reclassification to retained earnings
Balance at the end of the year Cash flow hedges
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Reclassification to retained earnings
Balance at the end of the year Other components of equity
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period Reclassification to retained earnings Balance at the end of the year
JPY USD
2019
2018
 2019
 2,349 (1,073)
1,275
11,495
589
5,314
 1,865
1,275
16,809
9,455 3,351
(123)
 12,684
114,287
(2,940)
(26,494)
(163)
(1,470)
 9,580
12,684
86,323
(388) (516)
 (905)
(8,156)
612
5,515
 (293)
(905)
(2,642)
— 275
(275)
 —
—
137
1,235
(137)
(1,235)
 —
—
—
11,416 2,037
(398)
 13,055
117,625
(1,601)
(14,430)
(300)
(2,705)
 11,153
13,055
100,490
               86 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
2019
16,605
16,605
16,605
—
2018
149,613
149,613
149,613
—

 The breakdown for the amounts of reclassification adjustments and deferred tax in other comprehensive income is presented as follows:
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 4,980
(4,440)
(40,004)
(4,440)
4,980 (1,577)
 (40,004)
1,408
12,692
 (3,031)
3,402
322
(27,312)
263
2,372
263
322 (14)
 2,372
(64)
(578)
 199
307
1,795
(1,427) —
 948
8,547
—
—
 948
(1,427)
8,547
(751) 49
 104
946
737
6,646
842
(701) 216
 7,592
(258)
(2,325)
 584
(485)
5,266
 (25) (31)
(70)
(632)
27
250
 (42)
(57)
(381)
(1,341)
1,740
 (12,085)
    Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Amount arising during the year
Amount before deferred tax Deferred tax
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans Amount arising during the year
Amount before deferred tax
Deferred tax
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Amount arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Cash flow hedges
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Amount before deferred tax Deferred tax
Cash flow hedges
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
Total other comprehensive income
27. Cash Flow Information
(1) Cash and cash equivalents
              The breakdown of cash and cash equivalents and its reconciliation to the amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
JPY
USD
   2019
88,941
—
2018
77,731 —
2019
   Cash and bank deposits except for time deposits with original term of more than three months
Short-term investments with original maturity of three months or less
Cash and cash equivalents
in the consolidated statement of financial position
Cash and cash equivalents
in the consolidated statement of cash flows
77,731
801,350
—
  88,941
 88,941
77,731
801,350
 801,350
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 87
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(2) Net payment for acquisition of subsidiaries
The breakdown of the main assets and liabilities of newly acquired subsidiaries at the time control thereof was acquired, and the recon- ciliation between consideration paid and net payment for the acquisition are presented as follows:
JPY
USD
  2019
1,700
3,012
(1,749)
(1,831)
2,480
(3,612)
1,440
443
(1,729)
2018
1,274 145
(242) (232) 154
(1,099)
— 737
2019
 15,322
27,143
(15,766)
(16,500)
22,353
 (32,551)
 12,974
3,994
 (15,583)
   Breakdown of assets at the acquisition date
Current assets (including cash and cash equivalents) Non-current assets
Breakdown of liabilities at the acquisition date Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Goodwill
Fair value of consideration paid
Fair value of holding shares of the acquired companies Cash and cash equivalents of the acquiree
Net proceeds from (payment for) acquisition of subsidiaries
(3) Net proceeds from sale of subsidiaries and transfer of business
(362)
   The breakdown of the main assets and liabilities upon loss of control in the subsidiaries or other businesses over which control was lost as a result of the sale, and the relationship between consideration received and net proceeds from the sale are presented as follows:
   2019
 Breakdown of assets upon loss of control
Current assets (including cash and cash equivalents) Non-current assets
Breakdown of liabilities upon loss of control Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Consideration received
Cash and cash equivalents included in the assets at the time control thereof was lost
Net proceeds from (payment for) sale of subsidiaries Net proceeds from transfer of business
(4) Changes in liabilities for financing activities
Changes in liabilities for financing activities are as follows:
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
JPY
JPY
505 1,600
(360) (105)
USD
USD
—
—
—
2019
 —
2018
—
—
—
—
 2019
2018
 2019
 —
1,638 (207)
—
—
—
—
(22) 1,452
 —
—
—
      (JPY)
      Borrowings Bonds
Lease obligations
Total
April 1, 2018
117,428 19,898 1,170
138,497
April 1, 2018
Cash flows Exchange differences
5,545 101 (5,000) — (214) 0
331 101
Cash flows Exchange differences
Non-cash movements
Increase and decrease from acquisition of subsidiaries
1,500 — —
1,500
Non-cash movements
Increase and decrease from acquisition of subsidiaries
Others
— 32 85
117
Others
March 31, 2019
124,574 14,930 1,041
140,546 (USD)
March 31, 2019
1,122,394 134,518 9,382
1,266,295
        Borrowings 1,058,009 49,960 911 13,515 — Bonds 179,282 (45,049) — — 286 Lease obligations 10,550 (1,928) 0 — 761
Total 1,247,841 2,982 911 13,515 1,046 88 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
  
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
      Borrowings Bonds
Lease obligations
Total
April 1, 2017
123,899 9,945 1,285
135,130
Cash flows
(6,211) 9,928
(240)
Exchange differences
(259) —
0
Non-cash movements
Increase and
decrease from Others acquisition of
subsidiaries
— — — 24 — 125
(JPY)
March 31, 2018
117,428 19,898 1,170
138,497
 3,476
There were no significant non-cash transactions for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018.
(258)
— 150
 (5) Significant non-cash transactions
 28. Employee Benefits
(1) Post-employment benefits
1) Outline of retirement benefit plans adopted by the Consolidated Group
The Company has a defined benefit pension plan and lump-sum retirement benefit plan covering substantially all employees other than directors and executive officers. The benefit amounts for the defined benefit pension plan are determined based on the period of employees’ enrollment in the plan, contribution granted to employees and other factors. The Company has a responsibility to manage pension assets faithfully and has an obligation to make contributions for the employees enrolled in the plan in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
The pension plan that the Company maintains is a contract- type defined benefit pension plan.
2) Defined benefit plan
(i) Net defined benefit liability (asset)
Matters such as asset management performance, status of the plan and accounting treatment are reported to the Management Committee by the Finance Department and the Personnel & General Affairs Department, which are in charge of operation of the pension plan. These departments hold a meet- ing on a timely manner to discuss the matters such as a revision to the plan and a change in the asset investment policy.
Most of the subsidiaries have unfunded retirement benefit plans and/or funded pension plans. Employees, other than directors, are entitled to, under most circumstances, upon man- datory retirement at normal retirement age or earlier termina- tion of employment, a lump-sum retirement benefit based on compensation at the time of retirement, years of service and other factors. Certain subsidiaries have adopted the defined contribution retirement benefit plan.
Reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of net defined benefit liability (asset) and the components for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are presented as follows:
  As of March 31, 2017
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements
Foreign exchange translation difference Employer contributions to the plan Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals Other
As of March 31, 2018
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements
Foreign currency translation difference Employer contributions to the plan Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals Other
As of March 31, 2019
Present value of the defined benefit obligation
19,625 1,439 69
Fair value of plan Effect of the asset assets ceiling
(13,305) 261 — — (59) —
(JPY)
Net defined benefit liability (asset)
6,581 1,439 9
(322) (22) (959) (544)
21 13
6,217 1,425 2
(263) (4) (1,013) (422)
492 120
6,555
 (30) —
(1,569) 21
5
3 —
(1,469) 492 111
20,036
98 (159) (261)
8 — (959) — 1,024 — — — 8 —
(13,442) — — — (60) — (248) (14) —
 19,659 1,425 62
  (7) — (1,013) — 1,047 — — — 9 —
(13,481) —
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 89
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  As of March 31, 2018
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements
Foreign currency translation difference Employer contributions to the plan Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals Other
As of March 31, 2019
Present value of the defined benefit obligation
177,127
12,844 563
(2,241) 30
— (13,241)
4,439 1,001
180,522
Fair value of plan assets
(121,112)
— (543) (132) (71) (9,130)
9,438 — 88
(121,462)
Effect of the asset ceiling
—
— — — — — — — —
—
(USD)
Net defined benefit liability (asset)
56,016
12,844 19
(2,372) (41) (9,130) (3,804)
4,439 1,089
59,060
   Remeasurements of the defined benefit obligation for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are the differences arising primarily from changes in financial assumptions.
(ii) Reconciliation of ending balances of defined benefit obligation/plan assets and net defined benefit liability/asset presented on the consolidated statements of financial position
JPY
USD
   2019
  Defined benefit obligations of funded plan
Plan assets
Net defined benefit liability of funded plan
Defined benefit obligations of unfunded plan
Net liability or asset presented on the consolidated statements of financial position (Before the effect of the asset ceiling)
6,217
15,726
2018
2019
 141,696
  The measurement date used to determine the main benefit obli- gations is March 31 of each year.
The Company’s funding policy is based on a number of factors including the tax deductibility of contributions, funded status, actuarial calculations and other considerations. Contributions are intended to provide not only for benefits attributable to ser- vice to date, but also for those expected to be earned in the future. In addition, the Company may contribute cash to an employee retirement benefit trust for any funding deficits in benefit obligations at the fiscal year end.
The Company’s investment policy is designed to increase the value of plan assets within acceptable risk levels to ensure pay- ments of pension benefits to eligible participants, including future participants. Taking into account the return and risk on plan assets thereon, the Consolidated Group formulates
(iii) Plan assets
The composition of the plan assets as of March 31, 2019.
Equity securities
Debt securities
Life insurance company general accounts Other
Total
a strategic asset mix which aims at an optimal portfolio on
a long-term basis and supervise asset management by selecting investment management companies and monitoring asset allo- cations. The strategic asset mix is subject to review in response to changes in expected market conditions or funded status. The strategic asset mix is not based on limitations but guidelines, and therefore, the actual allocation may temporarily exceed or fall below the guidelines. The Company’s target allocation is 10% equity securities, 44% debt securities, 36% life insurance company general accounts and 10% others.
The Company holds a meeting regularly with the asset man- agement institutions and discusses important issues regarding pension assets investment.
 Plan assets with a quoted market price in an active market
Plan assets without a quoted market price in an active market
JPY USD
 JPY
USD
 1,383
12,463
—
—
201
1,819
4,839
43,605
—
—
6,047
54,489
58
 528
 949
 8,557
 1,643
14,811
11,837
106,651
   90 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
(13,481)
4,309
16,046 (13,442)
2,604 3,613
(121,462)
 2,245
20,235
38,826
 6,555
59,060

 The composition of the plan assets as of March 31, 2018.
Equity securities
Debt securities
Life insurance company general accounts Other
Total
(iv) Significant actuarial assumptions
Discount rate
Plan assets with a quoted market price in an active market
Plan assets without a quoted market price in an active market
JPY (12)
445 5,965 1,323
7,721
2018 0.4%
  JPY 1,382 4,242
96
5,721
—
         2019
 0.4%
      The assumptions used for the actuarial calculation include the expected rate of salary increase, the mortality rate and the retirement rate other than the above.
(v) Sensitivity analysis of defined benefit obligations
Increase in the defined benefit obligation with a 50-basis-point decrease in the discount rate
Decrease in the defined benefit obligation with a 50-basis-point increase in the discount rate
JPY
USD
   2019
   This analysis is based on the premise that the actuarial assumptions other than the discount rate do not fluctuate and that only the dis- count rate fluctuates. This method of analysis is based on assumptions, and it is possible that the actual calculation could be influenced by fluctuations in other variables. Even if the discount rate falls below 0%, the calculation is performed assuming the lower limit of the discount rate is 0%.
(vi) Information on maturity profile of the defined benefit obligation
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were 10.6 year and 10.9 year, respectively.
(vii) Expected contribution to the plan for the year ending March 31, 2019
The amount of contribution to be made by the Consolidated Group to plan for the year ending March 31, 2019 is estimated to be ¥1,003 million ($9,041 thousand).
3) Defined contribution plan
Expenses recognized for the defined contribution plan for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were ¥3,368 million ($30,349 thousand) and ¥172 million, respectively.
(2) Employee benefit expenses
Employee benefit expenses recognized for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were ¥4,868 million ($43,866 thou- sand) and ¥1,744 million, respectively. Employee benefit expenses are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administra- tion expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
617
(926)
2018
735 (969)
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 91
2019
 5,559
(8,346)
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 29. Current and Deferred Income Tax
(1) Deferred taxes
1) Breakdown of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
The breakdown of main deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities by component is as follows:
JPY
USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 1,643 2,770 463 776 649 112 2,188 383 1,872 4,323
1,864
16,801
540
4,867
482
4,345
802
7,233
484
4,362
111
1,004
2,279
20,539
20
188
1,775
15,995
4,732
42,636
13,093
15,183 (11,487)
 117,971
(10,484)
(94,460)
 2,609
3,696
23,512
(423) (5,682) (5,287) (734)
 (450)
(4,058)
(4,273)
(38,508)
(6,216)
(56,010)
(905)
(8,157)
 (11,846)
(12,129) 11,487
(106,733)
10,484
94,460
 (1,362)
(641)
(12,273)
 1,247
3,054
11,238
     Deferred tax assets
Retirement benefits liabilities Loss allowance
Inventories
Impairment loss
Other investments
Golf club memberships
Tax losses carried forward Cash flow hedges
Goodwill
Other
Total deferred tax assets
Offset against deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities
Retained earnings in subsidiaries
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Intangible assets
Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Offset against deferred tax assets Total deferred tax liabilities, net Net deferred tax assets
2) Details of changes in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
Details of changes in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented as follows:
Beginning balance of net deferred tax assets Deferred tax expense
Income tax on other comprehensive income Acquisition through business combinations Other
Ending balance of net deferred tax assets
JPY
USD
              92 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
2019
3,054
2018
4,594
3,054
2019
 27,521
 (2,782)
1,086
(88)
(22)
(330) (1,376)
70 97
(25,072)
9,789
(799)
(201)
 1,247
11,238

 3) Deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses carried forward for which deferred tax assets were not recognized
The breakdown of deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses carried forward (by expiry date), for which deferred tax assets were not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position are presented as follows:
 2019
2018
 2019
 8,172
9,982
19,444 24,637 3,257 223
73,629
580
5,229
23,304
209,974
10,587
95,387
62
567
 34,535
47,563
311,157
     Deductible temporary differences Tax losses carried forward
Within one year to expiry
Between one and five years to expiry Between five and ten years to expiry Over ten years to expiry
Total tax losses carried forward
4) Temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities were not recognized
The total amounts of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities were not recognized as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are
(2) Income taxes
1) Breakdown of income taxes
The breakdown of income taxes is presented as follows:
Current tax expense (Note 1) Deferred tax expense (Note 2)
Origination and reversal of temporary differences Reassessment of recoverability of deferred tax assets Total deferred tax expense
Total income taxes
JPY USD
¥28,397 million ($255,854 thousand) and ¥24,562 million, respectively. Because the Consolidated Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of such temporary differences, and it is probable that such temporary differences will not be reversed within the foreseeable future, it did not recognize deferred tax liabilities with respect to such temporary differences.
JPY USD
   2019
2018
 2019
 (5,945)
(6,053)
(2,473) 2,143
(53,567)
(2,771)
(24,972)
(11)
(100)
 (2,782)
(330)
(25,072)
 (8,728)
(6,384)
(78,640)
        (Notes) 1. The amounts of the benefits arising from previously unrecognized tax losses or temporary differences of a prior period that were used to reduce current tax expenses for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were ¥12 million ($108 thousand) and ¥685 million, respectively, and these benefits were included in the current tax expenses.
2.Major causes for deferred tax expense by type are loss allowance of ¥(2,230) million ($(20,093) thousand) and goodwill of ¥(790) million ($(7,125) thousand) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, and loss allowance of ¥2,181 million and tax losses forward of ¥(1,715) million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
2) Reconciliation of statutory effective income tax rate in Japan
Reconciliations between the statutory effective tax rate in Japan and the average effective tax rate of the Consolidated Group were as follows:
   2019
 30.6%
1.2%
0.0%
(0.1)%
(0.2)%
(1.7)%
 29.9%
 2018 30.8%
0.6%
(8.2)% Effect of tax rate differences 1.0%
Average effective tax rate
   Statutory effective tax rate (Adjustments)
Permanent differences—additions such as entertainment expenses
Effect of reassessment of recoverability of deferred tax assets
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
(0.8)% Other 1.2%
   24.5%
 The statutory effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are calculated to be 30.6% and 30.8% based on the Corporation Tax, Inhabitant Tax and Business Tax in Japan.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 93
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 30. Financial Instruments
(1) Classification of financial instruments
The breakdown of financial instruments for each classification is presented as follows:
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables
Other investments
Other financial assets
Total financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Other investments
Other financial assets
Total financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Other investments
Total financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Total financial assets
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Trade and other payables
Bonds and borrowings
Other financial liabilities
Total financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
Other financial liabilities
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
Total financial liabilities
(2) Basic policies for risk management of financial instruments
The Consolidated Group is an integrated trading company engaged in a wide range of business activities on a global basis. Its headquarters includes business sections that handle mer- chandising, trading, product manufacturing, services, project planning and management, investments and financing activi- ties, both domestically and internationally. Such businesses are inherently exposed to various risks. The Consolidated Group defines and classifies risks per risk item and manages each of them in accordance with its nature.
(3) Credit risk management
1) Credit risks of financial assets owned by the Company (risk exposure and the occurrence of the relevant risk) The Consolidated Group extends credit to a large number of
customers in Japan and abroad in diverse business transactions, resulting in a number of financial assets such as trade receiv- ables, loans and other financial assets. These financial assets
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 77,731
88,941
801,350
222,166 994 6,531
 228,749
2,060,995
—
—
7,188
64,766
 235,938
229,692
2,125,761
4,168 382
 3,962
35,706
575
5,181
 4,538
4,550
40,887
32,805
 28,453
256,357
 28,453
32,805
256,357
357,871
344,781
 3,224,355
188,791 137,326 7,456
 196,054
1,766,417
139,504
1,256,913
7,225
65,096
 342,784
333,574
3,088,426
2,406
 1,504
13,557
 1,504
2,406
13,557
 344,289
335,981
3,101,983
                  94 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
provide credit accommodation to the various customers; there- fore, the Consolidated Group is mainly exposed to the credit risks related to those customers.
Moreover, other investments include debt instruments that are the investments in the customers, which expose the Consolidated Group to the credit risk arising from deterioration in the financial position of issuers.
Each department manages credit exposure to each customer by assigning credit ratings on a customer-by-customer basis and setting credit exposure limits within the framework of the Consolidated Group’s credit risk control.
2) Responses to the risk owned by the Company (purpose, policy and procedure of the risk management and method used to measure such risks)
The Consolidated Group manages its credit risk to the customers by defining risk management methods and management sys- tems for specific risks in accordance with the regulations on risk management. Based on such regulations, the Consolidated

 Group mitigates credit risk through periodical monitoring of the customer’s credit status and undertaking the maturity control and account balance control, while detecting promptly any doubtful accounts caused by deterioration in the financial con- ditions of customers and other factors. Expected credit losses are recognized and measured through transactions and financial information related to customers available in the course of such credit risk management, while taking macroeconomic condi- tions such as the number of bankruptcies into consideration.
With regard to loans, the Consolidated Group determines there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial assets since initial recognition in cases where the cash collection of the financial assets was delayed (as well as the case of request for a grace period) after the trade date. However, even when a late payment or request for grace period occurs, the Consolidated Group does not determine that there has been a significant increase in credit risk if such late payment or request for grace period would be attributable to temporary cash short- age, the risk of default would be low and objective data such as external credit ratings would reveal their ability to fulfill the obli- gation of contractual cash flow in the near future.
However, the Consolidated Group determines that the credit of the financial assets are impaired, when late payment or request for grace period do not arise from temporary cash shortage but significant financial difficulty of the debtor and the recoverability of the modified financial assets is significantly doubtful.
The Consolidated Group determines there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of debt instruments since initial recogni- tion when an “investment grade” at the initial recognition deterio- rates to the level below investment grade. For such purpose, rating information provided by major rating agencies is used.
When guaranteeing the debts of its customers, the Consolidated Group establishes the guarantee limit amounts based upon the financial position and business condition of the customers. The guarantee limit amounts are periodically reviewed and maintained at appropriate levels.
When entering into derivative transactions, the Consolidated Group only deals with major financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by independent rating agencies so as to minimize the credit risks. In addition, the Consolidated Group periodically reviews credit limits in accordance with the internal regulations.
The Consolidated Group considers trade receivables, loans receiv- able, and debt instruments as default when all or part of those financial instruments are not recovered or the recoverability of those financial instruments is determined to be extremely difficult.
Moreover, the Consolidated Group directly writes off the gross carrying amounts of the credit-impaired financial assets when all or part of the financial assets are evaluated to be uncollectible and determined that it is appropriate to be written off as a result of credit check.
(i) Measurement of expected credit losses on trade receivables
As trade receivables do not contain a significant financing com- ponent, the Consolidated Group measures loss allowance at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses until the
trade receivables are recovered. With regard to past due receiv- ables, the Consolidated Group estimates the lifetime credit loss- es on the financial instruments individually and measures the amount of loss allowance based upon historical credit loss expe- rience and future recoverable amount. Moreover, as performing trade receivables comprise a number of customers, the Consolidated Group measures expected credit loss collectively by grouping those receivables and considering historical credit loss experience. When those receivables are affected by a mate- rial economic change, the provision rate calculated based upon the historical credit loss experience is adjusted to reflect current and future economic prospect.
Even when a late payment or request for grace period has occurred, the Consolidated Group does not regard them as past due receivables if such late payment or request for grace period would be attributable to temporary cash shortage as the risk of default would be low, and the debtors are evaluated to have a strong ability to fulfill the obligation of contractual cash flow in the near future.
(ii) Measurement of expected credit losses on other receivables
When credit risk related to loans has not increased significantly since the initial recognition at the end of the reporting period, the Consolidated Group calculates the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments by estimating the 12-months expected credit losses collectively based upon historical credit loss experience. When those receivables are affected by a mate- rial economic change, the provision rate calculated based upon the historical credit loss experience is adjusted to reflect current and future economic prospect.
However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as of the end of the fiscal year, the Consolidated Group estimates the lifetime credit losses on the financial instruments individually and measures the amount of loss allowance based upon historical credit loss experience and future recoverable amount.
(iii) Measurement of the expected credit losses on the other investments (debt securities)
When credit risk related to debt securities has not increased sig- nificantly since initial recognition at the end of the reporting period, the Consolidated Group calculates the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments by estimating the 12-months expected credit losses. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as of the end of the fiscal year, the Consolidated Group esti- mates the lifetime credit losses on the financial instruments and measures the amount of loss allowance of the financial instru- ments. When estimating such expected credit losses, the Consolidated Group uses the default rate published by major rating agencies.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 95
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

3) Quantitative and qualitative information on the amounts arising from expected credit losses
(i) Trade and other receivables
Loss allowance
As of April 1, 2017
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2018
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2019
Gross carrying amount
As of April 1, 2017
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2018
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2019
Loss allowance
As of March 31, 2018
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2019
(JPY)
   Lifetime expected credit losses
  Collective assessment 3
—
0 — —
(0)
3 —
0 — —
10 15
Credit-impaired financial assets 2,135
37
(106) (80) (3)
—
1,981 75
(62) (185)
2 — 1,811
                Lifetime expected credit losses
(JPY)
     Collective assessment 192,085
(42)
29,869 — — 221,912
(75)
6,681 — — 228,519
Credit-impaired financial assets 2,416
42
(134) (80) (3)
2,239 75
(74) (185)
2 2,057
                (USD)
   Lifetime expected credit losses
  Collective assessment 36
—
4 — —
97 136
Credit-impaired financial assets 17,857
676
(564) (1,667)
23 — 16,325
          96 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 Gross carrying amount
As of March 31, 2018
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2019
(ii) Other investments (debt instrument securities)
Loss allowance
As of April 1, 2017
1 Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2018
1 Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2019
Lifetime expected credit losses
(USD)
  Collective assessment
1,999,395
(676)
60,198 — —
2,058,917
12 months
5
Credit-impaired financial assets
 20,181
676
(673) (1,667)
23
18,540
   (JPY)
 Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
—
Lifetime
  ——— ——— ———
———
—— — —— —
(0) — —
5 — —
——— — — — ———
———
(5) — — — — —
———
— — —
Credit-impaired financial assets
—
       KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 97
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
———
2. Incurrence or collection ——— 3. Direct write-off ——— 4. Other changes ———
Credit-impaired financial assets
(JPY)
  Gross carrying amount
As of April 1, 2017
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
12 months
Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
Lifetime
  1,000 —
—
 (a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses ——— (b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets ———
———
 As of March 31, 2018
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection 3. Direct write-off
4. Other changes
As of March 31, 2019
Loss allowance
As of March 31, 2018
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2019
Gross carrying amount
As of March 31, 2018
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection 3. Direct write-off
4. Other changes
As of March 31, 2019
1,000 — —
——— — — — ———
———
 (1,000) — — — — —
— —
— — —
—
  (USD)
  12 months
Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
Lifetime
 Credit-impaired financial assets
 45 —
—
 ———
— — — — — —
———
(45) — — — — —
———
 — —
—
 (USD)
  12 months
Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
Lifetime
  9,010 —
Credit-impaired financial assets
—
 ———
— — — — — —
———
(9,010) — — — — — — — —
— — —
  (iii) There is no contractual, uncollected balance for financial assets written off during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, for which collecting efforts are still being made.
98 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 4) Credit risk exposure
(i) Trade and other receivables
As of March 31, 2019
Performing receivables Past due receivables
Total
Balance of receivables (gross)
JPY USD
Provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
Lifetime expected credit losses
JPY USD
     228,519
 2,058,917
 0.01%
 15
 136
2,057
 18,540
 88.05%
 1,811
 16,325
 230,576
2,077,457
—
1,827
16,462
   Past due receivables include loans receivable of ¥1,724 million ($15,541 thousand), for which a loss allowance of ¥1,479 million ($13,326 thousand) has been already recognized.
As of March 31, 2018
Performing receivables Past due receivables
 Balance of receivables (gross) JPY
221,912
2,239 224,152
(ii) Other investments (Debt instrument securities)
As of March 31, 2018
External rating
Provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
0.00% 88.49% —
Gross carrying amount
Debt instrument securities
Lifetime expected credit losses JPY
3 1,981 1,985
12 months
          Total
Past due receivables include loans receivable of ¥1,760 million, for which a loss allowance of ¥1,502 million has been already recognized.
       Lifetime
JPY —
There were no debt instrument securities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
5) Maximum exposure to credit risks
The Consolidated Group’s maximum exposure to credit risks is as follows:
The Consolidated Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (gross) represents the amount of the maximum exposure with respect to
credit risks without taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancement. The Consolidated Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (net) represents the amount of the maximum exposure with respect to credit risks reflecting the mitigation effect of the col- lateral held or other credit enhancement.
 JPY — A—— BBB-BB — 1,000 B—— Total — 1,000
 AAA-AA
  As of March 31, 2019
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables
Other financial assets
Other investments
Total
Gross carrying amount
JPY USD
Loss allowance
Maximum credit risk exposure (gross)
Total collaterals pledged and credit enhancements
Maximum
credit risk exposure (net)
JPY USD
  JPY
USD JPY
USD
JPY
USD
  88,941
 801,350
 —
 —
 88,941
 801,350
 —
 —
 88,941
 801,350
230,576
2,077,457
(1,827)
(16,462)
228,749
2,060,995
(173)
(1,562)
228,576
2,059,433
7,188
64,766
—
—
7,188
64,766
—
—
7,188
64,766
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
 326,707
 2,943,572
 (1,827)
 (16,462)
 324,880
 2,927,111
 (173)
 (1,562)
 324,706
 2,925,549
    The amount of loss allowance for credit-impaired financial assets is reduced by ¥173 million ($1,562 thousand) through collateral pledged and credit enhancements.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 99
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

As of March 31, 2018
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables Other financial assets Other investments
Total
Gross Loss carrying amount allowance
Maximum credit risk exposure (gross)
JPY
77,731
222,166 6,913 994
Total collaterals pledged and credit enhancements
JPY
—
(126) —
—
Maximum
credit risk exposure (net)
JPY
77,731
222,040 6,913 994
  JPY
77,731
224,152 6,913 1,000
309,798
JPY
—
(1,985) —
(5)
    (1,991)
financial assets is reduced by ¥126 million through collateral pledged and credit
The Consolidated Group raises funds through borrowings from financial institutions or issuance of bonds. Accordingly, in the event of a disruption to the financial system or financial/capital markets, or a major downgrade of the Consolidated Group’s credit rating by a rat- ing agency, the Consolidated Group’s fundraising becomes constrained and consequently there is a possibility that the Consolidated Group will not be able to carry out the payment on the date of payment.
The Consolidated Group has sufficient levels of cash and cash equivalents and maintains a long-term (unused) commitment line agree- ment with a major financial institution in the amount of ¥10.0 billion ($90,098 thousand) to ensure liquidity and stability of funds. The Consolidated Group makes efforts to maintain good relationships with each financial institution.
1) Non-derivative financial liabilities
The breakdown of non-derivative financial liabilities by due date is presented as follows: As of March 31, 2019
307,806
(126)
307,680
  The amount of loss allowance for credit-impaired enhancements.
(4) Liquidity risk management
 Within one year
Between one and five years
Over five years
Total
JPY USD
 Trade and other payables Bonds
Borrowings
Lease obligations
Deposits received Guarantee deposits received Other
Total As of March 31, 2018
Trade and other payables
Bonds 5,100 Borrowings 57,122
Between one and five years
JPY
— 10,254 61,419 778 — — —
72,451
Over five years
JPY
— 5,048 1,283 113 0 1,498 —
7,944
Total
JPY
188,791 20,403 119,826 1,319 3,729 2,449 106
336,625
JPY USD JPY
USD
JPY
USD
  196,054
 1,766,417
 —
 —
 —
 —
 196,054
 1,766,417
81
736
10,201
91,910
5,020
45,230
15,302
137,876
75,238
677,889
48,886
440,458
2,466
22,219
126,591
1,140,566
410
3,699
674
6,076
69
630
1,154
10,405
3,506
31,593
—
—
0
3
3,506
31,596
938
8,456
17
160
1,608
14,489
2,564
23,105
112
 1,014
 —
 —
 —
 —
 112
 1,014
 276,343
2,489,804
59,779
538,604
9,164
82,570
345,287
3,110,978
    Within one year
JPY
  Lease obligations
Deposits received
Guarantee deposits received
Other 106
Total 256,229
188,791
428 3,728 951
  The Consolidated Group has guarantee obligations of ¥1,165 million ($10,501 thousand) and ¥1,830 million as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 respectively
100 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 2) Derivative liabilities
The breakdown of derivative liabilities by due date is presented as follows: As of March 31, 2019
 Within one year
Between one and five years
Over five years
Total
 JPY USD JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
USD
         35,357
318,562
58
531
—
—
35,416
319,093
35,849
 323,002
 60
 543
 —
 —
 35,910
 323,545
 492
4,440
1
12
—
—
494
4,452
 194
 1,753
 207
 1,871
 —
 —
 402
 3,624
 579
  5,218
  —
  —
  —
  —
  579
  5,218
 1,266
11,411
209
1,883
—
—
1,475
13,294
 Currency-related derivatives Cash inflows
Cash outflows
Sub total Interest rate-related derivatives Commodity-related derivatives
Total As of March 31, 2018
Currency-related derivatives Cash inflows
Cash outflows
Sub total Interest rate-related derivatives Commodity-related derivatives
Within one year
JPY
44,421 45,983
1,562
215
128
Between one and five years
JPY
2,496 2,585
89
400
—
489
Over five years
JPY
581 627
45
—
—
45
Total
JPY
47,499 49,196
1,697
615
128
2,441
              Total 1,906
(5) Market risk management
In many cases, the foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and risk of price fluctuations associated with goods traded incidental to business transactions are hedged in with the transaction terms with trade partners, etc. In addition, the Consolidated Group has established a system under which a limit (position limit) and a loss limit are set for foreign exchange, interest rates (funds), products and their derivatives, taking into account the scale of the risk and the income of each internal unit and company, so that it can quickly reduce its position when the predetermined limit is exceeded. Also, the price fluctuation risk of these posi- tions are mitigated by using derivatives as a hedge. The positions are reported to management meeting regularly. When the pre- determined limit is exceeded, the Consolidated Group mitigates these positions after the analysis of the reason without delay.
1) Foreign currency risk
(i) Nature of foreign currency risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group is engaged in foreign currency transac- tions in various currencies and terms incidental to its export and import trading. The Consolidated Group participates in deriva- tives transactions such as forward contracts to reduce the risk of currency fluctuation.
The Company also has local subsidiaries and business corpora- tions overseas. Account balances at these companies are con- verted into yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period, for the purposes of preparing consolidated
financial statements. As a result, equity attributable to owners of the Parent may change through exchange difference of for- eign operations associated with exchange rate fluctuations.
In principle, the Consolidated Group enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge against the exchange rate currency fluctuation risk of foreign currency-denominated receivables and payables that are controlled by currency and by contract month. The Consolidated Group also enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge against foreign currency-denomi- nated receivables and payables that are highly probable to arise from export/import-related forecast transactions.
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of foreign currency risk
In regards to financial instruments held by the Consolidated Group as of the end of the consolidated year, the following chart shows the amounts affecting profit before tax and other comprehensive income (before tax effect adjustments), as reported in the consolidated financial statements, that would result from 1% appreciation of Japanese Yen against U.S. dollars.
Such analysis is based on the assumption that other factors are held constant.
In addition, such analysis does not include the affected amounts based on translations (into Japanese yen) of financial instruments denominated in functional currency, income and expenses denominated in foreign currency and assets and liabili- ties of foreign operations.
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 101
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   2019
   Profit before tax U.S. dollar
Other comprehensive income U.S. dollar
2) Interest rate risk
(i) Nature of interest rate risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group raises most funds needed for operating and financing activities in the form of borrowings from financial institutions at variable interest rates, with the exception of cer- tain loans. Since these borrowings and fund management are exposed to an interest rate risk, interest expenses for the Consolidated Group may increase with a rise in interest rates.
The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries enter into interest rate swap contracts to avoid the interest rate fluctuation risk stemming from the borrowings.
Profit before tax
3) Commodity price risk
(i) Nature of commodity price risk and its management policy
In its mainstay commodity trading business in Japan and over- seas, the Consolidated Group deals with grains, meat products and petroleum products which are influenced by market condi- tions. When the positions in these commodities increase, the Consolidated Group will be exposed to the commodity price fluctuation risk stemming from rapid movements in commodi- ties prices or a decline in demand.
The Consolidate Group strives to reduce our exposure to price volatility by hedge-selling commodities, matching the quantity and timing of buying and selling, and utilizing commodity-relat- ed derivatives for hedging purposes.
Profit before tax Foods
Fuels
Other comprehensive income
Foods Fuels
4) Share price risk
(i) Nature of share price risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group holds marketable securities, which are exposed to the market price fluctuation risk.
The Consolidated Group attempts to reduce share price risk by periodically reviewing its shares held by the Consolidated Group and selling those shares that it holds without strong rationale.
Other comprehensive income 102 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
JPY USD
(4) (246)
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of interest rate risk
In regards to financial instruments held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the following table shows the amounts affecting profit before tax assuming that the interest rate increases by 1%.
Under the analysis, the amounts affecting profit before tax are calculated by multiplying the net balance of floating rate finan- cial instruments as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 by 1%, without considering future changes in the net balance, currency exchange fluctuations and dispersing effects for floating rate borrowings derived from the difference in timing of refinancing and resetting of the interest rate, and based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
JPY USD
(779)
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of commodity price risk
In regards to commodity-related derivatives held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the fol- lowing table shows the amounts affecting profit before tax and other comprehensive income (before the tax effect) assuming that the commodity price decreases by 1%.
The analysis is performed based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
JPY USD
(67) (47) (19)
(2) (2) —
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of share price risk
In regards to listed shares held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the following table shows the amounts affecting other comprehensive income (before the tax effect) assuming that the share price decreases by 1%.
The analysis is performed based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
JPY USD
(186)
10
(181)
2018
2019
 (1,637)
94
   2019
   (883)
     (14)
(1)
(1)
—
  2019
   (164)
2018
2018
2019
 (7,964)
 2019
(74)
(59)
2018
2019
 (667)
(540)
(127)
2019
(1,481)
(9)
(9)
—
  
 (6) Fair value of financial instruments
1) Fair value measurement
Fair values of financial instruments are presented as follows:
Fair values are categorized into three levels of the fair value hierarchy depending on inputs to valuation techniques; details are
described in Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements: (4) Use of estimates and judgments. 2) Financial instruments measured at amortized cost
2019
      Type
Financial assets
Trade and other receivables
Other investments (Debt instrument securities)
Guarantee deposits Other financial assets Total
Financial liabilities
Bonds and borrowings
Long-term lease obligations
Long-term deposits received
Long-term guarantee deposits received
Total
Carrying amount
JPY USD
Fair value
2018
Carrying amount
Fair value
1,582 994
3,867 612
7,057
76,269 788 0
1,498
78,555
 JPY
USD
JPY
     1,449
13,056
1,449
13,056
—
—
—
—
3,592
32,372
3,592
32,372
623
 5,619
 623
 5,619
 5,665
51,047
5,665
51,047
    65,188
587,339
65,393
589,184
670
6,041
670
6,041
0
3
0
3
1,625
14,649
1,625
14,649
 67,485
 608,031
 67,690
 609,876
  1,582 994
3,867 612
7,057
76,116 788 0
1,498
78,403
       The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, other financial assets, trade and other payables, bonds and borrowings and other financial liabilities, all of which are categorized into current assets or current liabilities of financial instruments measured at amortized cost, approximate their fair values; therefore, those amounts are not included in the table above.
The fair values stated above are calculated as follows:
(i) Trade and other receivables
The fair value of trade and other receivables is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(ii) Other investments (Debt instrument securities)
The fair value of other investments is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate applicable to similar financial assets.
(iii) Guarantee deposits
The fair value of guarantee deposits is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(iv) Other financial assets
The fair value of other financial assets is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(v) Bonds and borrowings
The fair value of bonds is determined based on their market price. The fair value of borrowings is the present value of the sum of
principal and interest payments discounted using an assumed interest rate on equivalent incremental borrowings.
(vi) Long-term lease obligations
The fair value of long-term lease obligations is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(vii) Long-term deposits received
The fair value of the long-term deposits received is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(viii) Long-term guarantee deposits received
The fair value of long-term guarantee deposits received is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 103
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

3) Financial instruments measured at fair value
(i) Analysis of fair value by hierarchy level
The following tables provide the breakdown by hierarchy level of financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. No financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. There were no material transfers between different levels for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018.
As of March 31, 2019
Assets
Other investments
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Stock
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Stock
Other financial assets
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Total As of March 31, 2018
Assets
Other investments
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Stock
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Stock
Other financial assets
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
  JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
USD
         —
—
—
—
3,962
35,706
3,962
35,706
16,590
149,477
—
—
11,862
106,880
28,453
256,357
—
—
530
4,782
—
—
530
4,782
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
44
400
—
—
—
—
44
400
        —
—
(494)
(4,452)
—
—
(494)
(4,452)
—
—
(431)
(3,887)
—
—
(431)
(3,887)
(579)
 (5,218)
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (579)
 (5,218)
 16,055
144,658
(394)
(3,557)
15,825
142,586
31,486
283,687
     Level 1
JPY
—
18,672
— — 96
—
— (128)
18,639
Level 2
JPY
—
—
286 — —
(1,697) (580)
—
(1,992)
Level 3
JPY
4,168
14,133
— — —
— — —
18,302
Total
JPY
4,168
32,805
286 — 96
(1,697) (580) (128)
34,950
     104 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 The methods of determining the fair value of the above instru- ments are described as follows:
(a) Other investments
The fair value of listed shares is the quoted price in an active market, and is categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 1.
The fair value of unlisted shares is calculated using valuation methods including discounted future cash flows, market prices of comparable companies, net asset value, and other valuation methods, and is categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 3. Measuring the fair value of unlisted shares involves the use of unobservable inputs such as discount rate and valuation multi- ples, as well as any necessary adjustments including discounts for a lack of liquidity.
The Company determines the policies and procedures for measuring the fair value of unlisted shares and convertible bonds, and reviews the approach to measuring fair value on a recurring basis including the valuation model, by obtaining the information on business operations and business plans associat- ed with each equity issuer and confirming the data from compa- rable public companies.
(b) Derivative financial assets and liabilities
Currency-related derivatives
The fair value of forward exchange transactions is calculated based on the forward exchange rate at the end of the fiscal year.
Interest rate-related derivatives
The fair value of interest-rate swaps is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to settlement, as well as market conditions.
Commodity-related derivatives
The fair value of commodity futures transactions is calculated using final prices on commodities exchanges as of the fiscal year-end. The fair value of commodity swap transactions is cal- culated based on the index prices publicly announced at the end of the fiscal year.
Commodity futures transactions are categorized within Level 1 of fair value hierarchy. All other derivative financial assets and lia- bilities are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
   (ii) Recurring fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
The changes in financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are presented as follows. There were no material transfers between different levels for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018.
    2019
Other investments
2018
  Total
Other investments
Other financial
assets Total
   JPY
USD
JPY
USD JPY
USD
JPY JPY
JPY JPY
FVPL
FVOCI
FVPL FVOCI FVPL
   4,168
 37,558
 14,133
 127,344
 18,302
 164,902
      (434)
(3,916)
—
—
(434)
(3,916)
—
—
(2,161)
(19,478)
(2,161)
(19,478)
110
1,000
156
1,407
267
2,407
—
—
(264)
(2,383)
(264)
(2,383)
118
1,064
0
6
118
1,070
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
 —
 (1)
 (15)
 (1)
 (15)
 3,962
35,706
11,862
106,880
15,825
142,586
  Balance at
the beginning of the year
Total gains or losses
Profit or loss (Note 1)
Other comprehensive income (Note 2)
Purchase Sale
Foreign currency translation difference
Increase (decrease) due to changes in scope of consolidation
Other
Balance at the end of the year
5,054 12,049 1,033 18,137
  (730) —
— —
(158)
— 10 2,106 — 61 —
(117) (1,010) — —
(720) 2,106 61
(1,127) (158)
—0—0 2 35 (33) 3
4,168 14,133 — 18,302
   FVPL: Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.
FVOCI: Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
(Notes) 1. The gains or losses are included in “Other finance income” or “Other finance costs” in the consolidated statement of income. Of those gains or losses
recognized in profit or loss, the amounts arising from financial instruments that were held at the period end are ¥(434) million ($(3,916) thousand) for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and ¥(730) million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
2. The gains or losses are included in “Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 105
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(iii) Quantitative Information about the financial instruments categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 3
The following tables present quantitative information on the material assets categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, which were measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
As of March 31, 2019
Category
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
As of March 31, 2018
Category
Fair value
Weighted average of input values
  JPY
USD
Valuation technique
Significant unobservable inputs
  2,351
 21,191
 Discounted cash flow method
Discount rate
 3.1%
 1,610
  14,515
  Net asset value method —
  —
 10,863
97,882
Market multiple method
P/B ratio Illiquidity discount
1.1times 30.0%
 998
 8,998
 Net asset value method —
 —
       Fair value JPY
2,668
1,500
13,119
1,014
Valuation technique
Significant unobservable inputs
Discount rate
—
P/B ratio Illiquidity discount
—
Weighted average of input values
3.3 %
—
1.3 times 30.0 %
—
     Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Discounted cash flow method
Net asset value method
Market multiple method
Net asset value method
                The significant unobservable inputs used in measuring the fair value of unlisted shares are the discount rate, illiquidity discount and P/B ratio (price-to-book ratio). A substantial increase (or decrease) in the discount rate or illiquidity discount causes the fair value to sub- stantially fall (or rise), while a substantial increase (or decrease) in the P/B ratio causes the fair value to substantially rise (or fall).
106 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 (7) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
With respect to investments in equity instruments held for the purpose of maintaining and strengthening relationships with business partners, the Consolidated Group has designated such investments as financial assets to be measured at fair value through other com- prehensive income in view of the holding purpose.
1) Fair value of major items of investment
The following tables present the fair value of major items of investment in equity instruments designated as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
As of March 31, 2019
Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc. Nisshin Seifun Group Inc. MARUDAI FOOD CO., LTD. SOTSU CORPORATION
Name of issuer
Amount
JPY USD
    3,209
 28,913
2,311
20,826
2,258
20,345
1,299
11,706
1,148
10,351
1,049
9,454
1,042
9,397
974
8,782
937
8,446
723
6,521
13,498
121,615
 BOT Lease Co., Ltd.
SHIN KURUSHIMA DOCKYARD CO., LTD. Daio Paper Corporation
nms Holdings Corporation
The Norinchukin Bank
F.C.C. Co., Ltd.
Other
 As of March 31, 2018
MARUDAI FOOD CO., LTD. Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc. Nisshin Seifun Group Inc. nms Holdings Corporation BOT Lease Co., Ltd.
Name of issuer
Amount JPY
3,078 2,837 1,919 1,910 1,701 1,687 1,299 1,152 1,011
924 15,283
     SOTSU CORPORATION
SHIN KURUSHIMA DOCKYARD CO., LTD. Daio Paper Corporation
The Norinchukin Bank
F.C.C. Co., Ltd.
Other
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 107
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

2) Dividendincome
Investments derecognized during the year Investments held at the end of the year
Total
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 0
0 804
0
962
8,674
 962
805
8,674
       3) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income that were derecognized during the fiscal year
The Consolidated Group periodically reviews its held shares and sells those shares that it holds without a strong rationale with gains or losses on sale recognized in other comprehensive income. The following table presents the fair value on the date of sale and cumulative gains or losses on sale.
JPY
USD
      Fair value on the date of sale Cumulative gains (losses) on sale
4) Reclassification to retained earnings
242 130
The Consolidated Group reclassifies to retained earnings cumulative gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in either of the following cases: when an investment is disposed of, or when there is a significant decline in the fair value. Such cumulative gains or losses in other comprehensive income that were reclas- sified to retained earnings for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were ¥163 million ($1,470 thousand) and ¥123 mil- lion, respectively.
(8) Hedge accounting
(Cash Flow Hedge)
A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in future cash flows arising from a forecast transaction or recognized assets or liabilities. While a hedge is designated as cash flow hedge as long as the hedge is effective, the changes in the fair value of qualifying hedging instrument should be recorded as other comprehensive income in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. The Consolidated Group continues such accounting treatment until variability in future cash flows arising from unrecognized forecast trans- actions or recognized assets or liabilities designated as hedged items are recorded in profit or loss. Moreover, portions determined to be ineffective for hedging accounting are recognized in profit or loss.
The Consolidated Group designates the following instruments as cash flow hedges: forward exchange contracts to fix cash flows from foreign currency denominated receivables and payables, foreign currency denominated firm commitments and foreign currency denominated forecast transactions, interest rate swaps to fix variable interest rate on floating rate financial liabilities, and commodity futures to fix cash flows from forecast transactions of commodity trade.
When applying hedge accounting, the Consolidated Group confirms that there are economic relationships between the hedged items and hedging instruments through qualitative assessments, which show whether the critical terms of the hedging instruments and the hedged items match exactly or are closely aligned, and quantitative assessments, which show fluctuations of the value of hedged items and hedging instruments by the same risk offset each other, in order to confirm there are economic relationships that variability in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items that are attributable to the hedged risk shall be offset by the changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedging instruments. The Consolidated Group also establishes appropriate hedge ratios considering an eco- nomic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items as well as risk management strategy.
The amounts recognized in profit or loss for the ineffective portion of the hedge are not material both for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018. In addition, the amounts reclassified from valuation differences on cash flow hedges to profit or loss are immaterial because the forecast transactions are no longer expected to occur.
Following are the carrying amounts of the hedging instruments as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018. The fair value of financial assets related to hedging instruments is included in “Other financial assets” while the fair value of financial liabilities related to hedging instruments is included in “Other financial liabilities” in the consolidated statements of financial position.
As of March 31, 2019
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
Notional amount
JPY USD JPY
Derivative assets
Carrying amount
USD
Derivative liabilities
JPY USD
2019
267
257
2018
2019
 2,406
2,324
          31,429
283,177
220
1,985
164
1,478
21,100
190,107
—
—
431
3,887
281
2,535
2
26
27
244
  108 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 As of March 31, 2018
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
Notional amount
JPY
30,823 23,500 686
Carrying amount
  Derivative assets
JPY
67 — 8
Derivative liabilities
JPY
720 580 38
    The longest terms of hedging cash flow fluctuation risks by “Forward exchange contracts”, “Interest rate swap contracts” and “Commodity price risk” are about 5 years 6 months, 3 years 6 months and 6 months, respectively.
The following tables present the carrying amount of cash flow hedge reserve as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018. As of March 31, 2019
 Cash flow hedge reserve for continuing hedges (before tax)
Cash flow hedge reserve
for discontinuing hedge accounting (before tax)
 JPY
USD JPY
USD
     56
506
—
—
(431)
(3,887)
—
—
(24)
(218)
(24)
(224)
 Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
As of March 31, 2018
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
Cash flow hedge reserve for continuing hedges (before tax)
JPY
(653) (580) (30)
Cash flow hedge reserve
for discontinuing hedge accounting (before tax)
JPY
— — (3)
      The following tables present the carrying amounts of transactions that affected the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as a result of applying hedge accounting for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
 Change in value of hedging instruments recognized in other comprehensive income
Reclassification from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
Line item for which profit or loss was affected by reclassification
Other income Interest expenses Cost of sales
 JPY
USD JPY USD
     220
1,985
488
4,405
(66)
(596)
215
1,941
(49)
(443)
33
300
  Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 109
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Change in value of hedging instruments recognized in other comprehensive income
Reclassification from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
Line item for which profit or loss was affected by reclassification
Other expenses Interest expenses Cost of sales
  Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
(9) Transfer of financial assets
JPY JPY
(706) (199) (11) 269 (33) (20)
  The Consolidated Group liquidates certain trade receivables by discounting notes or the like. However, with respect to some liquidated receivables, the Consolidated Group may be obligated to make payments as recourse for non-payment by the debtor. The Consolidated Group continues to recognize such liquidated receivables as they do not meet the criteria for derecognition of financial assets.
The Consolidated Group recognized such liquidated assets as “Trade and other receivables” in the amount of ¥5,028 million ($45,305 thousand) and ¥5,273 million as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, respectively. In addition, liabilities relating to the deposit amounts which arose upon the transfer of such assets were accounted for as “Bonds and borrowings” in the amount of ¥5,028 million ($45,305 thousand) and ¥5,273 million as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, respectively. Such liabilities are settled when pay- ments for such liquidated assets are made, and the Consolidated Group may not use such liquidated assets until such settlement occurs.
(10) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
The following tables present the financial assets and financial liabilities recognized for the same counterparties including financial instruments that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018.
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 575
382
286 — 96
(247)
5,181
530
4,782
—
—
44
400
(265)
(2,393)
309
135
 2,788
     Amounts of financial assets presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Amounts that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria
Net amounts
Amounts of financial liabilities presented in the consolidated statements of financial position
Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Amounts that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria
Financial collateral pledged
Net amounts
Certain financial assets and financial liabilities have not been offset because they do not meet some or all of the criteria for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities. The rights to offset such financial assets and financial liabilities become enforceable only under particular circumstances, such as when the other party fails to discharge an obligation due to its bankruptcy or other such reasons.
  JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 1,504
2,406
1,697 580 128
(247) (56)
13,557
494
4,452
431
3,887
579
5,218
(265)
(2,393)
(534)
(4,819)
 704
2,103
6,345
       110 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  31. Leases
(1) Lessee
1) Financeleases
The Consolidated Group leases computer-related equipment for the enterprise system (tools, furniture and fixtures) and other assets for finance leases.
The carrying amounts of the leased assets, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are as follows:
JPY
USD
   2019
   Machinery, equipment, vehicle, tools and fixtures Other
250
 Total
The future minimum lease payments for finance leases as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are as follows:
944
770 287
1,058
 Within one year
Between one and five years Over five years
Total Less future finance costs
Present value of future minimum lease payments
Future minimum lease payments
JPY USD
Present value of
future minimum lease payments
JPY USD
       2019
674
69
2018
428 778 113
2019
6,076
630
10,405
2019
609
60
2018
    382 690 97
2019
  410
3,699
370
3,341
5,492
549
      1,154
1,319
1,041
1,170
9,382
   (113)
(148)
(1,023)
   1,041
1,170
9,382
        The future minimum lease payments receivable under the non-cancellable subleases as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are ¥4 million ($39 thousand) and ¥8 million, respectively.
2) Operating leases
The Consolidated Group leases office buildings, system equipment and other assets as cancellable or non-cancellable operating leases. The future minimum lease payments for non-cancellable operating leases as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are as follows:
JPY USD
2019
 694
2018
6,257
2,255
 8,512
 2019
2018
 2019
 1,222
141 387 145
11,017
3,062
27,594
1,196
10,780
 5,481
674
49,390
     Within one year
Between one and five years Over five years
 Total
 The total lease payments recognized as expenses under the cancellable or non-cancellable operating leases for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are ¥7,209 million ($64,953 thousand) and ¥7,442 million, respectively.
The future minimum lease payments receivable under the non-cancellable subleases as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are ¥303 million ($2,738 thousand) and ¥316 million, respectively.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 111
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(2) Lessor
1) Financeleases
The Consolidated Group leases out machinery, equipment and other assets that are classified as finance leases. The future minimum lease payments receivable for finance leases as of March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are as follows:
 Future minimum lease payments receivable and unguaranteed residual value
JPY USD
Present value of
future minimum lease payments receivable
 JPY USD
      2019
29
15
2018
6 26 13
2019
74
270
142
2019
5
20
11
2018
     4 16 8
2019
 8
50
184
102
      53
45
485
37
29
    —
—
—
337
   (16)
(16)
(149)
   37
29
337
   Within one year
Between one and five years Over five years
Total Unguaranteed residual value
Less future finance income
Present value of future minimum lease payments receivable
32. Pledged Assets
(1) Pledged assets and associated secured obligations
       Details of pledged assets and associated secured obligations are as follows:
Pledged assets:
Other financial assets (non-current) Property, plant and equipment
Total
Associated secured obligations: Short-term borrowings (current) Long-term borrowings (non-current)
Total
JPY
USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 20 643
20
180
632
5,694
 652
663
5,875
1,130 747
 1,162
10,474
645
5,819
 1,808
1,878
16,293
         Trust receipts issued under customary import financing arrangements give banks a security interest in the goods imported or sales pro- ceeds resulting from the sales of the goods. However, due to the large volume of transactions, it is impracticable to determine the aggregate amounts of assets covered by outstanding trust receipts and those transactions were not included in the above amounts.
(2) Assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money
The breakdown of assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money or the like is as follows:
Assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money or guarantee funds Other financial assets (current)
Other financial assets (non-current)
Other investments
Total
33. Contingent Liabilities
The Consolidated Group is contingently liable for guarantees on bank borrowings and trade payables owed by entities that do not belong to the Consolidated Group.
The Group may become responsible for the amounts that are unpayable by the borrower and for losses attached to the unpayable amounts.
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 49
30 3,216
51
465
60
541
3,605
32,488
 3,717
3,296
33,494
        JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 138
156 1,673
1,245
1,027
9,257
 1,165
1,830
10,501
     Debt guarantees for equity method investees Debt guarantees for third parties
Total
  (Notes) 1. The above amounts include those for quasi-guarantee acts.
2. Debt guarantees for third parties include the debt guarantees covered by the insurance agreements that is limited to ¥1,011 million ($9,117 thousand) for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and ¥1,609 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, respectively. 112 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  34. Significant Subsidiaries
(1) Significant subsidiaries of the Company are as follows:
 Trade name [Electronics & Devices]
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd.
Nippon Office Systems Ltd.
Kanematsu Communications Ltd.
Kanematsu Granks, Corp.
Kanematsu BD Communications Ltd.
G-Printec, Inc.
Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation
Tanashin (Europe) GmbH
Kanekoh Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Industrial and Trading (Dalian F.T.Z.) Co., Ltd.
[Foods & Grain]
Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp.
Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Soytech Corp.
North Pet Co., Ltd.
KG Agri Products, Inc.
Kai Enterprises, Inc.
P.T. Kanemory Food Service
Location
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Koto-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Kurume-shi, Fukuoka, Japan
Saiwai-ku, Kawasaki-shi, Kanagawa, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Dusseldorf, Germany
Shanghai, China
Dalian, China
Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Matsudo-shi, Chiba, Japan
Chuo-ku, Osaka, Japan
Kuriyama-cho, Yubari-gun, Hokkaido, Japan
Ohio, U.S.A.
Washington, U.S.A.
Serang, Indonesia
Details of major operations
System integration of ICT and communications equipment
Development of software for and sales and maintenance of computers and computer peripherals, etc.
Sales of mobile communications devices; Mobile internet systems and services
Mobile contents delivery and mobile- related solution business
Percentage of voting rights (%)
   Import, export, storage, sales, and processing of materials and components for vehicle equipment, industrial electronics, and communication devices
2019
2018
58.32 (0.40)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
     58.32 (0.40)
   100.00 (100.00)
   100.00
   100.00 (100.00)
   Sales of mobile communication
device (100.00)
Development, manufacturing and sales of card printer and related device
Import, export, development, design, manufacturing, sales and EMS of semiconductor, electronic components and modular products
Sales and maintenance of parts for car audio systems
Development, manufacture, and sales of control modules for lithium ion batteries
Manufacture of materials for electronic precision parts and import, export and sales of electronic components
Food wholesaling and cold storage
Manufacture and sales of feed and fertilizer
Sales of soybeans, millet, and grain
Manufacture of pet snacks (jerky, dried meat, biscuits)
Seed development, contract farming, sorting and sales of edible soybean
Sales of hay and roughage
Manufacture of processed foods for central kitchen and home-meal replacement
40.00
100.00
100.00 (20.00)
70.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
100.00 100.00 100.00
100.00
100.00 (15.00)
59.90 (10.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
      52.96
  100.00
    Kanematsu Sustech Corp.
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Manufacture and sales of home- construction materials; Ground inspection services and improvement work; Sales of security systems
52.97
         Kanematsu Advanced Materials Corp.
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
100.00
    100.00
   100.00
   100.00 (20.00)
   70.00
   100.00 (100.00)
         Kanematsu Advanced Materials USA, Inc.
Texas, USA
Import, export, storage, sales and processing of materials and components for vehicle equipment, industrial electronics, and communication devices
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
    100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00 (15.00)
 59.90 (10.00)
                KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 113
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Trade name [Steel, Materials & Plants]
Kanematsu Trading Corp.
Kyowa Steel Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Chemicals Corp.
Kanematsu Wellness Corp.
Kanematsu Petroleum Corp.
Kanematsu Yuso Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu KGK Corp.
Benoit Holding Company
Benoit Premium Threading, LLC
Steel Service Oilfield Tubular, Inc.
KGK International Corp. [Motor Vehicles & Aerospace]
Kanematsu Aerospace Corp.
Aries Motor Ltd.
Aries Power Equipment Ltd.
KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd. [Others]
Shintoa Corp.
Kanematsu Logistics & Insurance Ltd.
[Overseas local subsidiaries]
Kanematsu USA Inc.
Kanematsu (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Kanematsu (China) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu (Thailand) Ltd.
Watana Inter-Trade Co., Ltd. (Notes) 1
Kanematsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Kanematsu Taiwan Corp.
Kanematsu Europe Plc
Kanematsu GmbH
Kanematsu Australia Ltd.
Kanematsu New Zealand Ltd.
Location
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Kasai-shi, Hyogo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Nerima-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Illinois, U.S.A.
Louisiana, U.S.A.
Oklahoma, U.S.A.
Illinois, U.S.A.
Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Warsaw, Poland
Warsaw, Poland
Dublin, Ireland
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Illinois, U.S.A.
Hong Kong, China
Shanghai, China
Bangkok, Thailand
Bangkok, Thailand
Singapore, Singapore
Taipei, Taiwan
London, U.K.
Dusseldorf, Germany
Sydney, Australia
Auckland, New Zealand
Details of major operations
Sales of steel and construction materials
Cutting and processing of steel sheet; Sales of construction materials
Sales of petrochemicals and automobile-related chemicals
Sales of health foods and provision of medical information
Sales of petroleum products and LPG
Delivery and storage of petroleum products and LPG
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Holding company
Oil well casing fabrication; Manufacture and sales of oil well- related parts
Sales of steel materials for oil excavation
Sales of machine tools
Sales of aircraft, defense, and aerospace-related products
Sales of automobiles
Sales of engines, generators, and other general-purpose machinery
Replacement and maintenance of aircraft rotable components; Leasing
Beverage-vending machine operations; Imports, exports, and sales of aircraft engines and feedstuffs
Insurance agency; Consigned freight forwarding business
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Percentage of voting rights (%)
   2019
2018
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 100.00
97.89
85.18 (85.18)
54.00 (54.00)
51.00 (51.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 93.59 60.00
96.67
100.00 100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
49.00 (49.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 100.00 100.00
   100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00
 97.89
 85.18 (85.18)
 54.00 (54.00)
 51.00 (51.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
                          100.00
 93.59
 60.00
 96.67
          100.00
 100.00
        100.00
 100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
 49.00 (49.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
                      (Notes) 1. It is treated as a subsidiary because the Consolidated Group has a substantial control of the finance and management policy over the company through the dispatch of the majority of board members.
2. The figures in the parentheses in “Percentage of voting rights” indicate the indirect ownership ratio included in the total.
114 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 (2) Non-controlling interests
The subsidiary with non-controlling interests that is significant for the Consolidated Group is Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. Its condensed financial information is presented as follows. The amounts presented below are before the elimination of intra-company transactions.
[Condensed statement of financial position]
JPY
USD
   Current assets
Current liabilities
Non-current assets
Non-current liabilities
Non-current assets (net)
Equity
2019
63,387
17,179
5,243
2,028
49,423
2018
58,881 15,810
3,059 46,131
2019
  571,112
154,785
 Current assets (net)
46,208
43,071 5,621 2,561
416,327
47,240
18,275
 3,214
28,965
445,292
 Cumulative amounts of non-controlling interests
20,672
186,260
      [Condensed statements of income and comprehensive income]
Revenue
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
[Condensed statement of cash flows]
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, net
(3) Transaction with non-controlling interests
JPY
JPY
19,294
1,133
USD
USD
   2019
   67,394
6,770
(462)
2018
62,222 6,590 32
2019
 607,211
61,002
(4,166)
  6,308
 2,826
6,623
2,746
56,836
 25,470
  1,431
12,900
 2019
2018
 2019
 7,719
5,822 (220) (2,731)
69,553
(542)
(4,885)
(3,442)
(31,018)
 3,734
2,869
33,651
       There was no transaction with significant non-controlling interests for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018.
 35. Related Parties
(1) Related party transactions
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Type Name
Associate
(including subsidiaries of the associate)
Associate
Associate
Associate
Detail of related party relationship
Transaction amount
JPY USD
Outstanding amount
JPY USD
    Kantatsu Co., Ltd.
 Purchase of merchandise
 9,904
 89,241
 2,758
 24,849
 Ogura Industrial Corp.
 Sales of merchandise
 3,225
 29,063
 631
 5,686
 HOKUSHIN CO., LTD.
  Sales of merchandise
  84
  763
  1,576
  14,201
 Sage Hill Northwest, Inc.
Purchase of merchandise
1,456
13,123
128
1,155
       (Notes) 1. The related party transaction amounts are determined through negotiation with consideration given to the prevailing market prices.
2. As described in Note 33 Contingent Liabilities, debt guarantees are provided to the equity method investees.
3. As the Consolidated Group conducts a transaction as a party involved, transaction amount of HOKUSHIN CO., LTD. is presented in the net amount of the commission.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 115
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
 Type
Name
Detail of related party relationship
Transaction amount
JPY
1,397
895
1,138
1,041
Outstanding amount
JPY
136
1,223
1
—
   Sage Hill Northwest, Inc.
  Purchase of merchandise
 Kantatsu Co., Ltd.
Purchase of merchandise
 Shangdong Lufeng Foods Shanghai Corp.
 Purchase of merchandise
 Growth D Ltd.
 Purchase of merchandise
  Associate
  Associate
(including subsidiaries of the associate)
Associate
Associate
     (Notes) 1. The related party transaction amounts are determined through negotiation with consideration given to the prevailing market prices. 2. As described in Note 33 Contingent Liabilities, debt guarantees are provided to the equity method investees.
3. Growth D Ltd. was excluded from scope of consolidation due to sale of shares for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
(2) Remuneration to management executives
The remuneration to the Company’s directors and auditors consists of base salary, directors’ bonus and share-based payments. The amount of remuneration to the Company’s directors and audit & supervisory board members are as follows:
JPY USD
 2019
2018
 2019
 342
307 —
3,088
29
268
 372
307
3,356
     Base salary and directors’ bonus Share-based payments
36. Subsequent Events
Not applicable.
37. Share-based Payments
Total
    (1) Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan
The Company implemented a Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan for Directors and Executive Officers. The aim of adoption of the Plan is to further clarify the linkage between compensation of Directors and Executive Officers and the corporate performance and stock value of the Company, and to encourage them to contribute to mid- to long-term improvement in the corporate perfor- mance and expansion of corporate value because they will share the benefits and risks of stock price fluctuations with the shareholders. The vesting condition is that after granted date they will work continuously until achieving certain performance goals and vesting. The stocks will be granted to Directors and Executive Officers in the final year of the mid-term management plan (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2024), or the fiscal year that achieved the medium-term business plan.
(2) Granted stocks and granted prices of shares
The fair value of the granted date was estimated using the Black-Scholes model considering expected dividend based on past dividend results. The number of stocks granted during the period are as follows. The weighted average share price on the granted date was ¥1,583 in the year ended March 31, 2019.
Number of shares
  2019
 —
40,704
—
—
40,704
—
  As of beginning of the year Granted
Exercised
Forfeited
As of end of the year
Exercisable balance as of end of the year
(3) Stock compensation expenses
    Performance-Linked Stock compensation Plan is equity-settled share-based payment transaction. Expenses are recorded ¥64 million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
116 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 117
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Network (As of March 31, 2019)
Kanematsu supplies products and services through its large network of business bases in Japan and overseas. In addition to the Company, the Kanematsu Group comprises 116 companies (90 consolidated subsidiaries and 26 equity-method affiliates) operating global businesses around the world.
   EUROPE
1 London
2 Dusseldorf 3 Munich
4 Milan
5 Budapest 6 Moscow
7 Las Palmas
22
6
 12
3
5
4
11 24 8
33
32 31
29
27 28
   7 23109 30 12
 21
ASIA & THE MIDDLE EAST
1516 13 14
34
NORTH AMERICA
27 Chicago
28 Somerset
29 Detroit
30 Houston
31 Silicon Valley 32 Portland
33 Vancouver
18
17
20 19
     35
  8 Seoul
9 Shanghai
10 Chongqing 11 Dalian
12 Shenzhen 13 Hong Kong 14 Taipei
15 Hanoi
16 Haiphong
17 Ho Chi Minh City 18 Bangkok
19 Singapore
20 Manila
21 Yangon 22 Jakarta
23 New Delhi 24 Tehran
26
25
 25 Sydney 26 Auckland
34 Silao
35 Sao Paulo
OCEANIA
 DOMESTIC OFFICES
1 Tokyo Head Office
2 Osaka
Midosuji Office
3 Nagoya
4 Hokkaido
5 Kyushu
 Overseas subsidiaries and their branches
Representative offices Branches
Organization Chart (As of April 1, 2019)
CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA
 23 5
4
1
 Shareholder’s Meeting
  Audit & Supervisory Board
 Board of Directors
 Management Committee
  Marketing Area
    Electronics & Devices Division
Industrial Electronics Dept. Semiconductor Equipment Dept. Components & Material Dept. Electronics Planning Office
Foods Dept. No. 1
Foods Dept. No. 2
Meat Dept. No. 1
Meat Dept. No. 2
Foods & Grain Planning Office
Food Safety Management Office
Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division Grain & Feedstuff Dept.
Grain & Oilseeds Dept. Domestic Sections
Foods & Grain Planning Office Food Safety Management Office
Iron & Steel Foreign Trade Dept. Specialty Steel Foreign Trade Dept. Functional Chemicals Dept. Energy Dept.
Plant & Ships Dept.
Steel, Materials & Plant Planning Office Food Safety Management Office
Aerospace Dept.
Motor Vehicles & Parts Dept. No. 1 Motor Vehicles & Parts Dept. No. 2
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Planning Office
Foods Division
Steel, Materials & Plant Division
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division
                            118 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
Support Area
Human Resources & General Affairs Dept.
Finance Dept.
Accounting Dept. Business Accounting Dept. Legal & Compliance Dept. Credit Control Dept. Traffic & Insurance Dept. IT Planning Dept.
Internal Auditing Dept. Corporate Planning Dept.
           
Major Group Companies (As of April 1, 2019)
* Companies with shares listed on a stock exchange
 Japan
   Electronics & Devices
          China
  Japan
 Foods & Grain
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd.* Nippon Office Systems Ltd.
Kanematsu Sustech Corporation*
Kanematsu Communications Ltd. Kanematsu Granks, Corp.
Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation Kanematsu Advanced Materials Corp.
Kanematsu PWS LTD. G-Printec, Inc.
Kanekoh Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp. Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Soytech Corp. GPC Holdings Co., Ltd.
Dalian Tiantianli Food Co., Ltd. Shangdong Lufeng Foods Shanghai Corp. Iwase-Esta Kanematsu Co., Ltd.
Dalian Matsutomo Foods Co., Ltd.
Siam Aloe Vera (2005) Co., Ltd.
P.T. Kanemory Food Service PT. Abadi Tunggal Lestari
PT. Agrapana Niaga Gemilang
KAI Enterprises, Inc. Sage Hill Northwest, Inc. KG Agri Products, Inc.
Kanematsu Trading Corp. Kyowa Steel Co., Ltd.
Eiwa Metal Co., Ltd. Kanematsu Petroleum Corp. Kanematsu Yuso Co., Ltd. Kanematsu Chemicals Corp. Kanematsu Wellness Corp. Kanematsu KGK Corp.
KGK Engineering Corp.
Kanematsu KGK Trade & Sales (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. KGK Engineering (Thai) Co., Ltd.
Steel Service Oilfield Tubular, Inc. Benoit Premium Threading, LLC KGK International Corp.
Kanematsu Aerospace Corp. KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd.
Aries Motor Ltd.
Aries Power Equipment Ltd.
Kanematsu Ventures Inc.
Kaneyo Co., Ltd.*
Hokushin Co., Ltd.*
Shintoa Corp.
Kanematsu Logistics & Insurance Ltd. Japan Logistics Co., Ltd.
System integration of ICT and communications equipment
Development, sales and maintenance of software for computers and computer peripherals, etc.
Manufacture and sales of home-construction materials; Ground inspection services and improvement work; Sales of security cameras
Sales of mobile communications devices; Mobile internet systems and services
Website planning, building, and operation; Content planning, production, and sales
Import, export, processing, development, design, manufacture, sales of semiconductors,
electronic components, and module products; EMS business.
Import, export, storage, sales, and processing of materials and components for vehicle equipment, industrial electronics, and communication devices
Design, development, and sales of semiconductor production equipment, testing equipment and related components; Technical services
Development, manufacture, and sales (OEM) of card printers and related equipment
Development, manufacture, and sales of control modules for lithium ion batteries
Food wholesaling and cold storage Manufacture and sales of feed and fertilizer
Sales of soybeans, pulses & peas, and grain; Development and marketing of tofu and other ingredients for processed foods
Sales of pet food and other products
Manufacture of dim sum and delicatessens Production of processed vegetables and fruits Wholesale of confectionery and baking ingredients Primary processing of beef
Processing and sales of aloe vera
Manufacture of processed foods; Management of central kitchen Operation of Japanese cuisine restaurant chain
Operation of Japanese cuisine restaurant chain
Sales of hay and roughage
Production of hay
Seed development; Contract farming; Sorting, processing, and sales of food soybeans
Sales of steel and construction materials
Cutting and processing of steel sheet; Sales of construction materials
Processing and sales of stainless steel, titanium, and high-alloy steels
Sales of petroleum products and LPG
Delivery and storage of petroleum products
Sales of petrochemicals, automobile-related chemicals, health food ingredients, and pharmaceuticals Sales of health foods and provision of medical information
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Repair and sales of machine tools; Sales of paper-manufacturing machinery
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Sales of steel materials for oil excavation
Oil well casing fabrication; Manufacture and sales of oil well-related parts Sales of machine tools
Sales of aircraft, defense, and aerospace-related products
Replacement and maintenance of aircraft rotable components; Leasing; Sales
Sales and maintenance of automobiles
Sales of engines, generators, lawnmowers, and other general-purpose machinery
Investment in VC funds; Seeking out advanced technologies; Growth support for startups
Sales of bedding materials and products, general merchandise, and interior goods Manufacture and sales of medium-density fiberboard
Beverage-vending machine operations; Imports, exports, and sales of aircraft engines Insurance agency and forwarding business; Consigned freight forwarding business Warehouse and self-storage operation
      China
       Thailand
 Indonesia
       U.S.A.
    Japan
 Steel, Materials & Plant
           China
 Thailand
  U.S.A.
    Japan
 Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Other
  Ireland
   Poland
   U.S.A.
  Japan
       Indonesia
PT. Dunia Express Transindo
Total logistics services
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 119
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Network (As of June 30, 2019)
  Japan
Tokyo Head Office
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan
TEL: 81-3-5440-8111
FAX: 81-3-5440-6500
Osaka
Awaji-machi Dai Building, 1-9, Awaji-machi 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-8560, Japan TEL: 81-6-6205-3111
FAX: 81-6-6205-3322
Midosuji Office
Midosuji Daiwa Building, 6-8, Kyutaro-machi 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-0056, Japan TEL: 81-6-6251-7700
FAX: 81-6-6251-7770
Nagoya
9-3, Sakae 2-chome, Naka-ku, Nagoya 460-0008, Japan TEL: 81-52-202-5111
FAX: 81-52-202-4605
Hokkaido
Sapporo-Kokusai Building, 4-1, Kitashijou-nishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo 060-0004, Japan
TEL: 81-11-261-5631
FAX: 81-11-261-5630
Kyushu
Tenjin Twin Building, 6-8, Tenjin 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka 810-0001, Japan
TEL: 81-92-715-7820
FAX: 81-92-715-7830
Kobe Head Office
119 Ito-machi, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0032, Japan
Overseas
ASIA & THE MIDDLE EAST
KOREA
Kanematsu Korea Corporation
Koreana Bldg. 602, 135 Sejong-Daero, Jung-Gu, Seoul, 04519, Korea
TEL: 82-2-737-5795
FAX: 82-2-737-5799
CHINA
Kanematsu (China) Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Head Office
Shanghai Branch
18th Floor Raffles City (Office Tower), 268 Xi Zang Middle Road, Shanghai 200001, P.R. China
TEL: 86-21-6340-3456
FAX: 86-21-6340-4290
Chongqing Liaison Office
Room 2106, International Trade Centre, No. 38 Qingnian Road, Yuzhong District, Chongqing 400010, China
TEL: 86-23-63235676
FAX: 86-23-63235650
Beijing Branch
Beijing Lufthansa Center C610A, 50 Liang Ma Qiao Road, Chaoyang District,
Beijing 100125, China
TEL: 86-10-8591-1031
FAX: 86-10-8591-1535
Dalian Branch
Room 602, Furama Hotel, 60 Renmin Road, Dalian 116001, P.R. China
TEL: 86-411-8263-9105, 7481
FAX: 86-411-8280-5534
Shenzhen Branch
Room 8, 10/F, Office Tower,
Di Wang Commercial Centre,
5002 Shen Nan Dong Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen 518001, P.R. China
TEL: 86-755-8235-4850
FAX: 86-755-8223-8980
Kanematsu (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Rooms 1116-1117, 11/F, The Metropolis Tower, 10 Metropolis Drive, Hunghom, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
TEL: 852-2821-6200
FAX: 852-2527-0465
TAIWAN
Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation
10F., No. 451, Changchun Rd., Songshan Dist., Taipei City 10547, Taiwan
TEL: 886-2-2717-1222
FAX: 886-2-2717-7927
VIETNAM
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Hanoi
Room No. 1209, 12th floor, Daeha
Business Center, 360 Kim Ma St., Ba Dinh Dist., Hanoi, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-4-3771-5642
FAX: 84-4-3771-5641, 3771-5648
Haiphong
H-Tower 3rd Floor, 195 Van Cao Street, Haiphong, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-225-368-6371
FAX: 84-225-368-6373
Kanematsu Vietnam Company Limited Unit 608 Saigon Tower, 29 Le Duan St.,
District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-28-3910-5536, 5537
FAX: 84-28-3910-5539
THAILAND
Kanematsu (Thailand) Ltd.
Watana Inter-Trade Co., Ltd.
25F Thaniya Plaza Building, 52 Silom Road, Suriyawongse Bangrak, Bangkok 10500, Thailand TEL: 66-2-632-8060
FAX: 66-2-632-8083, 8084
SINGAPORE
Kanematsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
100 Tras Street, #12-01 100 AM, Singapore 079027 TEL: 65-6320-6000
FAX: 65-6320-6041
PHILIPPINES
Kanematsu Corporation Manila Branch 17th Floor Tower 2, The Enterprise Center 6766, Ayala Avenue, cor. Paseo de Roxas, Makati City, Philippines
TEL: 63-2-845-2017
FAX: 63-2-887-0030
MYANMAR
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Yangon
Union Business Center (UBC) Suite 03-08,
Nat Mauk Road, Bo Cho Quarter, Bahan Township, Yangon, Myanmar
TEL: 95-1-860-4370
FAX: 95-1-860-4380
INDONESIA
P.T. Kanematsu Trading Indonesia
ANZ Tower 15th Floor, Jalan Jend. Sudirman Kav. 33A Jakarta 10220, Indonesia
TEL: 62-21-572-1220, 1225, 1228, 1230, 1238 FAX: 62-21-572-1188, 1237
          120 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

  Overseas
INDIA
Kanematsu India Private Limited
Tower 1, Block-A, Unit No. 2, DLF Corporate Park, Gurgaon, Haryana - 122 002, India
TEL: 91-124-4001461, 4001462, 4001362
FAX: 91-124-4001371
IRAN
Kanematsu Iran Ltd.
Unit #5, 3rd Floor, Monaco Building, No. 27, Ordibehesht, Mahmudiyeh St., Parkway, Tehran, 1986645416 IRAN
TEL: 98-21-2265-9041
EUROPE
UNITED KINGDOM
Kanematsu Europe PLC.
160 Euston Road, London NW1 2DX, United Kingdom
TEL: 44-20-7529-8120
FAX: 44-20-7387-4582
GERMANY
Kanematsu G.m.b.H.
Duesseldorf Head Office
Oststrasse 34, D-40211 Duesseldorf, Germany TEL: 49-211-36890
FAX: 49-211-3689-111
Muenchen Branch
Karl-Theodo-Str.55, Muenchen, Germany D-80803 TEL: 49-89-307-481-712
FAX: 49-89-307-481-729
ITALY
Kanematsu G.m.b.H.
Milano Liaison Office
Piazza Duca d’Aosta 8, Milano, Italy TEL: 39-02-6749-3538
FAX: 39-02-6707-7364
HUNGARY
The Representative of Kanematsu G.m.b.H.
Budapest Office
H-1034 Budapest Becsi ut 126-128.I.103. Hungary TEL: 36-1-320-4952
FAX: 36-1-320-4953
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Moscow
Tverskaya 16/2, Building 1, Business Centre, 125009, Moscow, Russian Federation
TEL: 7-495-935-89-40, 42, 43 FAX: 7-495-935-8948
SPAIN
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Las Palmas
Calle Eduardo Benot 51, Edificio Atlansea, 4-izqda, 35008 Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain
TEL: 34-928-275634, 275680 FAX: 34-928-275632
OCEANIA
AUSTRALIA
Kanematsu Australia Ltd.
Suite 1 Level 15, 15 Castlereagh Street, Sydney, NSW, Australia
TEL: 61-2-8278-7004, 61-2-9993-0748,
61-2-9283-3347 FAX: 61-2-9283-3095
NEW ZEALAND
Kanematsu New Zealand Ltd.
Lavender House, 27 Lilburn Street, Warkworth 0910, P.O. Box 327, Warkworth 0941, New Zealand
TEL: 64-9-302-5660
FAX: 64-9-309-3877
NORTH AMERICA
U.S.A.
Kanematsu USA Inc.
Chicago Head Office
543 West Algonquin Road, Arlington Heights, Illinois 60005, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-847-981-5600
FAX: 1-847-981-6760
Somerset Branch
100 Randolph Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-732-271-7300
FAX: 1-732-271-7357 Detroit Office
41700 Gardenbrook Rd., Novi Garden Office B, Suite 140, Novi, Michigan 48375, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-248-347-3216
FAX: 1-248-347-3219
Houston Branch
1800 Augusta, Suite 390, Houston, Texas 77057, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-713-975-7200
FAX: 1-713-975-7966
Silicon Valley Branch
2043 Zanker Road, San Jose, California 95131, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-408-501-1400
FAX: 1-408-501-1499
Portland Branch
4380 SW Macadam Avenue, Suite 170, Portland, Oregon 97239, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-503-224-7755
FAX: 1-503-228-5067
CANADA
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Vancouver
205-8988 Fraserton Court, Burnaby, B.C. V5J 5H8, Canada
TEL: 1-604-689-0550 FAX: 1-604-689-0655
CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA
MEXICO
Kanematsu Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.
Suite C, Multitenant III, Av. Mineral de Valencia, No. 202 Col. Parque Santa Fe, C.P. 36275, Guanajuato Puerto Interior Silao, Mexico
TEL: 52-472-748-9187, 9327, 9329
FAX: 52-472-748-9221
BRAZIL
Kanematsu America do Sul Importacao e Exportacao Ltda.
Avenida Paulista, 1337/1343, conjunto 71 Bela Vista, São Paulo – SP CEP: 01311-200 Brazil TEL: 55-11-3266-3967
Mobile: 55-11-9-4137-7178
                  Segment Information:
Number of employees and number of Group companies (As of March 31, 2019)
 Number of Employees (consolidated basis)
 Electronics & Devices Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Others
Companywide (common) Overseas subsidiaries Total
22 (Japan:15, Overseas:7) 25 (Japan:13, Overseas:12) 25 (Japan:13, Overseas:12)
8 (Japan:1, Overseas:7) 16 (Japan:12, Overseas:4)
18
4,158
 778
 1,090
 259
 222
 408
  6,915
Number of Affiliated Companies
114
 Notes:
1. Number of employees on a non-consolidated basis is 765.
2. Of affiliated companies, 90 are consolidated subsidiaries and 26 are equity-method affiliates.
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 121
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Corporate Profile
 Corporate Profile
Company Name Established Foundation President
Head Office
KANEMATSU CORPORATION August 15, 1889
March 18, 1918
Kaoru Tanigawa
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan
Paid-in Capital* Fiscal Year
General Meeting of Shareholders Number of Offices*
Number of Employees*
* As of March 31, 2019
¥27,781 million April 1 to March 31 June
Domestic: Tokyo Head Office, Kobe Head Office and branches 5
Overseas: 35
765 (Consolidated: 6,915)
 Investor Information
(As of March 31, 2019)
Stock Exchange Listings Stock Code
Transfer Agent
for Common Stock Shares Authorized Shares Outstanding Minimum Trading Unit* Number of Shareholders
Principal Shareholders
Tokyo 8020
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 200,000,000
84,500,202 (including 256,636 treasury shares) 100
Composition of Shareholders
Financial institutions
Foreign institutions and individuals
42.90%
30.99%
   18,694
Individuals and others
(including treasury shares)18.80%
Other corporations 5.77% Securities firms 1.54%
    Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT
Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. GOVERNMENT OF NORWAY
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 9) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 5)
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
JP Morgan Chase Bank 385151
The Norinchukin Bank
Note: Calculated after deduction of treasury shares (256,636 shares)
Number of shares held (thousands) 11,674
Percentage of voting rights (%) 13.85
 5,560 2,521 2,322 2,290 1,861 1,550 1,417 1,333 1,249
6.60 2.99 2.75 2.71 2.20 1.84 1.68 1.58 1.48
Trading Volume (Thousands of shares) 100,000
         Stock Price/Trading Volume
Stock price (¥)
1,800
1,200
600
0
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
0
      14/4 6
8
10
12 15/2 4
6
8
10
12 16/2 4
6
8
10
12 17/2 4
6
8
10
12 18/2 4
6
8
10
12 19/2
Note: Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. Figures for all periods in the above graph are calculated based on the assumption that said consolidation had already occurred.
122 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

   Kanematsu stock has been selected for inclusion in the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 and the JPX-Nikkei Mid and Small Cap Index for, respectively, the last six and three consecutive years.
Our Website
Detailed additional information about the Kanematsu Group is available on our web- site in English, Japanese and Chinese.
Content includes information about the Company and its businesses, press releases, investor relations materials (for shareholders and investors), and details on sustainability, employment opportunities and other topics are available.
     English: http://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 123

     For more information on this Integrated Report, or to obtain additional copies, please contact:
Public & Investor Relations Section, Finance Department, Kanematsu Corporation
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan Tel: 81-3-5440-8000
Fax: 81-3-5440-6503
     Printed in Japan
