 Addressing the Five Key Issues A Bringing ICT to Farming
Reflecting demographic graying and a shrinking population of farming professionals, dairy farms are seeking to make their operations more efficient and effective. The Kanematsu Group is working with Farmnote Holdings to develop systems that can assist with livestock management by using IoT-connected sensors to identify individual cattle, recognize their behavior using AI, and alert users to abnormalities (such as signs of oestrus or illness). Working together, we aim to realize efficient, next-generation dairy farming through the use of smart barns and other new initiatives utilizing ICT.
Through such initiatives, we will respond to changes in markets and customer needs while contributing to the development of dairy farming by leveraging new, Groupwide perspec- tives and ideas.
C Demonstration Project to Increase Effective EV Range
In northern California, in the United States, Kanematsu is working with Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and Nissan North America, Inc. on a demonstration project commissioned by the New Energy Industrial Technology and Development Organization (NEDO) aimed at expanding the effective range of electric vehicles (EVs).
This project is providing EV drivers with a smartphone app called DRIVEtheARC. Introduced in fiscal 2019, this app allows users to reserve EV charging stations. The project’s charging infrastructure now includes two CHAdeMO 100 kW high-power fast chargers. Under the project, 57 rapid chargers have been installed at 26 locations in the northern part of the state. The project is expected to
help improve the usability
of EVs and promote their
adoption.
Through such proj- ects, we will continue to work toward the creation of a low-carbon society while preventing air pollution and reducing global warming.
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 35
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
36 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
    Forest Conservation Initiatives in Indonesia: REDD+
Kanematsu is involved in REDD+ initiatives, which it believes have great potential as SDG-related busi- nesses.* Since 2011, Kanematsu has been working with Indonesia’s influential Gobel Group on a forest conservation project in Gorontalo Province.
 Gorontalo Province is located on the eastern Indonesian island of Sulawesi. Accompanying an increase in the province’s population, deforestation is causing a number of environmental problems. Depleted forests are unable to absorb heavy rains, leading to frequent flooding, while sediment from mountainous areas being washed downstream is causing Lake Limboto, a very important resource for local communities, to shrink. In addition, the deforestation itself is a major source of greenhouse gas emis- sions. As these environmental prob- lems are closely linked with poverty, providing appropriate support to the poor farmers living near forests is crucial to addressing said problems.
Slash-and-burn corn farming is a factor contributing to deforestation. However, local farmers depend on this crop for their livelihoods, so simply prohibiting such farming is not a viable option.
Nevertheless, the region needs solutions to its environmental and poverty problems. To this end, Kanematsu is working with chocolate companies in Indonesia and Japan, providing technical guidance to local farmers to help them produce high- quality cacao—highly lucrative but much less devastating to the local ecosystems—while advancing value chain development, including cacao purchasing and marketing.
We aim to continue to work
closely with local residents to market products made with cacao from this region in the Indonesian and Japanese chocolate markets and hope to expand this project.
Through this project, Kanematsu is helping protect the natural environ- ment, including forests and lakes, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Working toward the SDGs
No Poverty Climate Action Life on Land
Sales of chocolate in Japan help reduce CO2 emissions, combat poverty, address climate change, and conserve forests
 * REDD+ (reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation) is an initiative aimed at reducing forest loss and degradation and promoting sustainable forest management in developing countries.
SDG-Aligned Business Model of REDD+
   Kanematsu and the Gobel Group in Indonesia
1. 13. 15.
 1. Forest conservation in collaboration with cacao farmers
2. Chocolate made from cacao harvested through the project is sold in Japan 3. A portion of sales revenues are returned to cacao farmers
      Reducing CO2 by reducing
slash-and-burn farming
• Technical guidance
• Skills development
• Building value chains
• Chocolate sales
Appeal to consumers who value social contribution and environmental conservation
    Forest conservation in Boalemo, Gorontalo Province, IndonesiaChocolate markets