 Environmental Initiatives
Kanematsu is engaged in environmental businesses in Japan and overseas that help protect and improve the global envi- ronment. The global Group also continuously works to improve its ISO 14001-based environmental management system. By effectively operating this system, the Group is reducing electricity and paper consumption, promoting comprehensive waste sorting and reduction, and helping to reduce CO2 emissions. Through these efforts, the Group strives to contribute to the creation of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
Social Contribution
 For more details, please refer to Kanematsu’s Environmental Report.
http://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/csr/environment/environmental_report.html
  The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade
The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade was established in 1940 with the purpose of contributing to economic development through support and funding for research into trade and international economics. The Foundation is jointly operated by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University and Kanematsu.
In 1993, the Kanematsu Prize—a Kanematsu postgrad- uate research scholarship—was jointly established by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University, the Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade, and Kanematsu Corporation. Every year, graduate students are invited to submit their disserta- tions to apply for the prize. The Kanematsu Prize thus provides graduate students in the fields of economics, management, and accounting across Japan with opportuni- ties to win a research fellowship and to present their research.
Beginning with the 2018 prize, the economics division and management
division are judged
separately. Through
such efforts, Kanematsu will continue to support research in the fields of economics, management, and accounting through the Kanematsu Prize.
Supporting Amputee Football
In April 2019, Kanematsu formed a partnership agreement with the Japan Amputee Football Association (JAFA).
As part of initiatives to address our five key issues of mutual development with local communities and promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity, we are supporting the parasport of amputee football.
In agreement with JAFA’s mission of realizing an inclusive society for all, regardless of disability, through soccer, Kanematsu supports amputee football.
This support is given in
recognition of the value of
diversity and to contribute
to the realization of an
inclusive society in which
everyone can express their
individuality and utilize
their talents.
Operational Support and Platform Provision
Since October 2018, Kanematsu has provided a meeting room at its Tokyo Head Office for JAFA to use as an office.
Based on our partnership agreement, we send employee volunteers to JAFA tournaments and actively engage in efforts to spread awareness of amputee football, broadly communicating the appeal and excitement of the sport.
Provision of the Kanematsu Tsuga Ground (Chiba City, Chiba)
The Chiba Prefecture amputee football team AFC BumbleBee Chiba holds practices at Kanematsu’s Tsuga Ground around twice a month.
     34 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
 Furthermore, the first match of the first tournament of the Eastern Japan Amputee Football League, inaugurated in fiscal 2018, was held at the Kanematsu Tsuga Ground. Kanematsu plans to not only provide its grounds, but wide-ranging cooper- ation with the aim of spreading league matches nationwide.
Awareness Raising through Experience Event
At the fifth annual Kanematsu Invitational Kids’ Soccer Tournament, held January 13, 2019, after the matches concluded, we held an amputee soccer experience event to spread awareness among the participating children.
This event served as an oppor- tunity to not only allow the children to see first-hand how fun and inter- esting amputee soccer is, but also to spark an interest in parasports and communicate the value of human life and resilience.
Reconstruction Support Volunteer Activities
Kanematsu is broadening the scope of the support it provides for volunteer activities in areas affected by natural disasters with the aim of encouraging employees to volunteer.
Specifically, the Company has amended its volunteer support system to cover transportation and lodging costs not only for Company-organized volunteer efforts, but also employee’s self-directed efforts.
Volunteering in Areas Affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
Kanematsu conducts volunteer efforts to support recovery in Rikuzentakata, Iwate, an area affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake, on an ongoing basis. From summer 2011 to autumn 2018, a total of more than 300 Kanematsu Group employees have taken part in 19 volunteer trips. On the 19th trip, employees volunteered to help operate the 2018 Road to
Recovery Rikuzentakata Marathon, held on November 18. This marathon, of which Kanematsu is a corporate sponsor, brought together runners and volunteers from around the country with local citizens in a shared hope for recovery.
Going forward, we will continue to support community building and recovery in Rikuzentaka through a variety of efforts.
Support for Areas Affected by Flooding in July 2018
Kanematsu sent a donation of ¥10,000,000 from the Company as well as donations from employees and execu- tives to areas in Western Japan impacted by severe flooding through the Japanese Red Cross Society.
In addition, under the new support system, employee volunteers went to Kure, Hiroshima, and Seiyo, Ehime, from August 8 to 12, 2018, to remove flood sediment from and clean homes affected by flooding.
Supporting Volunteering at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics
Kanematsu has designated special paid leave* to support the volunteer activities of its employees related to the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics as part of its CSR activities.
* Employees can take up to 15 special days of paid leave, separate from normal volunteer leave, to act as volunteers in Olympic-related activities taking place on workdays (this leave may also be used for training before the events).