Corporate Governance
 Our Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
Kanematsu’s founder himself put down the words “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity.” The Kanematsu Group recognizes the pioneering spirit fostered by our predecessors along with the wise use of our cre- ative imagination and ingenuity, fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities through sound, flourishing business- es, and adherence to Company rules as key parts of its Corporate Principle. We operate in accordance with this principle and our Code of Conduct, striving to carry out corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders and help realize a sustainable society by providing socially valuable goods and services.
To this end, Kanematsu endeavors to strengthen corporate governance to increase the transparency of man- agement and create a more equitable, efficient, and sound company. We work to improve corporate governance with the aim of increasing our enterprise value and winning the support of all our stakeholders, including share- holders, customers, business partners, and employees.
 System of Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is made up of six directors. The Board decides on matters required of it as set out in law and Kanematsu’s Articles of Incorporation as well as business policies and other important matters and oversees business execution by directors. Two of the six directors are outside directors to ensure that the Board conducts appropriate decision making and to further reinforce the supervision of business execution. In principle, the Board of Directors meets once a month, with additional meetings held as necessary.
Advisory Bodies
To reinforce the objectivity, independence, and accountability of the Board of Directors, Kanematsu has established a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee as advisory bodies under the Board of Directors.
• Nominating Committee: Comprises the president as com- mittee chair and the two outside directors. The committee provides recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders related to the appointment
Corporate Governance Structure
Directors are appointed to the Board for one-year terms to allow the Board to respond appropriately to changes in the business environment. Kanematsu has adopted an executive officer system to improve the flexibility of business execu- tion, speed up management decision making, and further clarify roles and responsibilities through the separation of supervisory and executive functions.
and dismissal of directors and the necessary policy, rules, and
procedures for reaching related resolutions
• Compensation Committee: Comprises the president as com-
mittee chair and the two outside directors. The committee provides recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as policy regarding the setting of compensation levels and types for individual directors and executive officers as well as the necessary policy, rules, and procedures for reaching related resolutions.
  General Meeting of Shareholders
 Appointment/Dismissal
Appointment/Dismissal/ Supervision
Appointment/Dismissal
Audit
Appointment/ Dismissal
 Audit & Supervisory BoardFour Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including three outside members)
Consultation Advice/Suggestions
Audit
Board of Directors
  Six directors (including two outside directors)
Collaboration
Accounting audit
CollaborationNominating CommitteeCompensation Committee President
Management Committee
Collaboration
Internal controls
   Project Deliberation Committee
Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Internal Auditing Department
   CSR Committee
 Marketing Area/Support Area, Domestic and Overseas OfficesAccounting Auditor
  (As of June 21, 2019)
42 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019
  Management Committee
To facilitate rapid decision making and flexible management, Kanematsu has set up a Management Committee composed of executive officers, including the president. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month. The Committee
Project Deliberation Committee
The Project Deliberation Committee was established to enhance debate and speed up decision making on important projects. The Committee considers and discusses matters from a Companywide perspective and submits recommendations
Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board acts as an independent organ to audit directors’ performance of their duties. Specifically, the four Audit & Supervisory Board members, including three out- side members, receive reports from directors and employees
establishes basic policies for general business execution in accordance with basic policies determined by the Board of Directors and provides instruction and guidance on the exe- cution of business.
to the designated decision makers for each item before the decision must be made. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month.
on the performance of their duties as required, and attend meetings of the Board of Directors, Management Committee, Project Deliberation Committee, Internal Control and Compliance Committee, and other important meetings.
  Reasons for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Outside Directors
Name
Seiichi Katayama
Yuko Tahara
Reasons for selection
So that he can utilize his wide-ranging knowledge and insight regarding corporate management as well as expertise amassed as a professor of economics—albeit with no direct experience in management other than as an outside director—in Kanematsu’s management and provide management oversight.
So that she can provide advice to management and appropriate oversight of business execution based on her wealth of experience in corporate management and deep insight gained through experience in human resources and organizational consulting.
Fiscal 2018 attendance
23 of 23 Board of Directors meetings
—*
 Outside Audit
& Supervisory Board members
Sohei Ogawa
Tsukasa Miyachi
Yusaku Kurahashi
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his abundant experience in the internal management of financial institutions and wide-ranging insight.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experience as a certified public accountant.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experience as a lawyer.
23 of 23 Board of Directors meetings
15 of 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
23 of 23 Board of Directors meetings
15 of 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
—*
        * As Ms. Tahara and Mr. Kurahashi were appointed at the June 21, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders, they did not attend meetings in fiscal 2018.
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
Breakdown of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
271 200 29 41 — 6
27 27 — — — 1
72 72 — — — 6 Note The above table includes one director who retired as of the conclusion of the June 22, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders
      Total compensation (millions of yen)
Total compensation by type (millions of yen)
Number of individuals receiving compensation
    Basic compensation
Stock incentives
Bonuses
Retirement benefits
       Directors (excluding outside directors)
 Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside members)
 Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
         Performance-Linked Compensation Plan
To clarify directors’ management responsibilities and enhance their incentives to improve corporate performance, Kanematsu has adopted a performance-linked compensation plan. Furthermore, the May 9, 2018 Board of Directors meeting and June 22, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders passed resolu- tions to introduce a performance-linked stock incentive plan employing a trust for Kanematsu’s directors (excluding outside directors). The Company also implemented a similar perfor-
mance-linked stock incentive plan for its executive officers. The new plan is aimed at more closely linking director compensation with corporate performance and stock price and better moti- vating directors to improve corporate performance and enter- prise value over the medium term by having directors share with other shareholders the potential benefits and risks of share price changes.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 43
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Internal Auditing
To ensure that proper accounting records are kept and to monitor appropriate business execution, Kanematsu has established auditing rules, in accordance with which the Internal Auditing Department conducts internal audits of all divisions and consolidated subsidiaries.
Internal Control System and Risk Management System
  Maintaining the Internal Control System
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, to comply with laws and regulations relating to oper- ational effectiveness and efficiency and business activities, to protect its assets, and to ensure the reliability of its financial reporting, the Kanematsu Group has built an internal control system. To operate this system effectively and efficiently, we
Compliance
In light of the importance of corporate legal compliance, we have set up internal control systems for the Company and the Group as well as an Internal Control and Compliance Committee to implement said systems, seeking to strengthen our internal compliance system. In addition to preparing a Compliance
Diagram of the Kanematsu Group Compliance System
have also established the Internal Control and Compliance Committee. We develop, operate, assess, and improve inter- nal controls related to financial reporting to ensure the cor- rectness of the Group’s reporting in line with the internal control reporting systems defined in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law.
Handbook that covers all Group companies, we work to enhance awareness of and training on sensible behavioral ethics. The Group also maintains a hotline system that allows employ- ees to directly report to or consult with the Internal Control and Compliance Committee or an outside lawyer.
Instructions, Feedback Reports, Consultation
        Board of Directors Management Committee Audit & Supervisory Board
       Internal Control and Compliance Committee
 Internal Control and Compliance Committee Members
 Promotion Office: Legal & Compliance Department
Marketing Area/Support Area
 Officers & Employees of Kanematsu Corporation
Departmental Compliance Officers
(Chief officers of business divisions and administrative departments)
 Compliance Officer (President of Head of Location)
 Officers & Employees of Group companies
         Elimination of Antisocial Forces
One of Kanematsu’s compliance commitments is to take a firm stand against and eschew all relationships with antisocial forces. To promote the elimination of antisocial forces, Kanematsu belongs to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department’s Special Violence Prevention Countermeasures Association, cooperating closely on a regular basis by sharing
(For units that do not have a controlling division at Kanematsu Corporation)
Group Companies
*Sub-subsidiaries report through their immediate parent companies
(As of June 21, 2019)
information. The Human Resources & General Affairs Department is designated to coordinate Companywide response and information gathering to address any unreason- able demands from antisocial forces, and the Company main- tains a framework for responding in coordination with outside organizations, including the police and attorneys.
44 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019

 Information Management System
With regard to information management, we have estab- lished standards for the custody, retention, and disposal of accounting records, balance sheets, agreements and con- tracts concerning the basic rights and obligations of Kanematsu, certificates related to properties, and other simi- lar documents.
As information is a valuable corporate asset, we have also formulated, and work to reinforce, rules on information secu- rity management with the aim of protecting and managing personal data and other information in line with compliance
Risk Management
With respect to business risks that may affect our operations, Kanematsu has designated departments responsible for each type of risk, established internal regulations and detailed enforcement regulations, and prepared operational guidelines. We furthermore use training and other means to ensure thor- ough awareness of risk management. The Company also sets up cross-departmental committees as necessary to control risks.
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, promote operational effectiveness and efficiency, maintain legal compliance in business activities, protect Group assets, and ensure the reliability of financial reporting, we have established
Quantifying and Monitoring Risk
The Kanematsu Group has laid out basic guidelines for control- ling and managing risk in its Risk Management Guidelines. Based on said guidelines, we classify and define risks, then respond to each appropriately, aiming to minimize losses to the Kanematsu Group and achieve sound business growth and development.
The Group monitors quantifiable risks (market risk, credit risk, investment risk, country risk, etc.) by regularly measuring such risks and reporting the results to management. Specifically, to measure maximum possible losses (risk assets) we apply a proprietary weighting scheme corresponding to the potential loss risk to all assets included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as well as off-balance sheet items.
Recently, to achieve more sophisticated capital manage- ment, we set an upper limit on the risk asset ratio, aiming to ensure a sound balance of risk assets and risk buffer (shareholder’s equity) and maintain a sound financial position while increasing enterprise value through business creation and revenue expansion.
Groupwide Activities
requirements.
With regard to the security of information systems, the
Group has established information security management rules aimed at preventing leaks and losses of important infor- mation and established standardized rules covering the use of PCs, networks, and e-mail to protect corporate and personal information. Furthermore, the Group continually reviews its systems framework aimed at enhancing security and operates and maintains said framework to ensure that security is main- tained at necessary and appropriate levels.
the Internal Control and Compliance Committee as a Groupwide organization. We have established an approval request system based on designated levels of authority to mini- mize business risks. The Project Deliberation Committee consid- ers important investments and loans by comprehensively examining relevant risks.
To address the risk of crises related to the occurrence of major events, such as natural disasters, we have put in place a system, including specific rules and policies of action, to ensure the appropriate management of the Group at such extraordi- nary times.
  Risk Assets
(Billions of yen)
140
120
100 0.49
80
60
40 44 20
(Times)
 92
100
116
125
0.7 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.3 0.2 0.1   90
0.4844
0.44
44
0.40
46
0.33
41 00FY2015
Risk assets
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
Shareholders’ equity Risk-asset ratio
FY2019
 Group company presidents meet twice a year and at other times as necessary to share information on Groupwide business activi- ties. These meetings are aimed at ensuring mutual understanding and awareness with regard to corporate governance issues.
Disclosure
We promote proper and transparent management by promptly and accurately disclosing important corporate information about management to shareholders and all other stakeholders, institutional investors, analysts, and the media. In addition to registering information with financial instruments exchanges, we disclose information through our website and engage actively in IR activities, including regular briefings for institutional investors and analysts and meetings.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2019 45