Strategies for Sustainable Growth
Four Growth Strategies of the Medium-Term Management Plan: Educational Computer Business
 Global growth of scientific calculators and establishing electronic education business
Shinji Ota
Executive Officer
Senior General Manager, Educational Computer Business Unit, Business Strategy Headquarters
Quantitative Goals
Net sales 44.6 billion yen 45.0 billion yen 55.0 billion yenFYE 3/2019 (Results)FYE 3/2020FYE 3/2022 Operating margin
Qualitative Goals
16% 15% 16%
• Business model (GAKUHAN*) that enables continuous sales to the stable student market
• Analyze untapped markets, particularly emerging economies, and identify core target countries to increase profit margin and share in core overseas countries
• Strengthen measures against counterfeit products in existing markets and expand sales
• Develop web apps that take advantage of Casio strengths in the growing electronic testing and electronic textbook markets
• Establish business with collaborative partners in the electronic education business (start with North American and European markets)
 Accelerate growth of scientific calculators in core overseas marketsEstablish new business domainsSustainability Goals
• Achieve better mathematics education by providing finished products that meet the educational needs of each country
• Improve education levels by providing scientific calculator training to math teachers
• (Environmental load reduction) Reduce use of resources in our business activities
*GAKUHAN: Positioned as activities to achieve better education by supporting schools and teachers, GAKUHAN is a unique Casio business model that we implement worldwide. With our scientific calculators, which boast a majority share of global markets, we provide ongoing support after product sales, including providing guidance to teachers on how to use our products and creating training manuals. We promote sales to new students each year while contributing to improving student learning levels.
   24 CASIO Integrated Report 2019
Forecasting Stable Conventional Markets and Growth in Untapped Markets
In the Educational Computer Business, sales of scientific calculators to schools continue to record stable growth on a global scale. During the fiscal year ended March 2019, sales of scientific calculators totaled 23.6 million units across over 100 countries and posted a high profit margin of 16%. In Asia, Africa, South America and other untapped markets, we expect to achieve future market growth by rapidly responding to the ongoing issue of delays in promotional activities.
In the education market, Europe and America in particular are beginning the transition from paper to electronic media. With the move towards digital textbooks and the use of computers for the creation and scoring of tests, the current markets for e-textbooks and e-testing in North America alone are 1.4 billion dollars and 5.3 billion dollars, respectively. These markets represent new keys to business growth.
Contributing to Education in Over 100 Countries Worldwide
Strengths of the Casio Original Business Model GAKUHAN
GAKUHAN is at the core of our Educational Computer Business. GAKUHAN is a proprietary business model established by Casio to help realize better education by supporting schools and teachers. Casio scientific calculators boast a majority share of the global market. After product sales, we continue contributing to improving student academic potential by providing teachers with continued training as well as by proposing mathematics classes and developing teaching materials.
For over 30 years, we have engaged in GAKUHAN activities in various countries and regions around the world. Through this powerful network of educational institutions, we have created a flow in the countries we operate through which new first-year students purchase and learn using Casio products. By engaging in customized activities to suit the needs of each education environment, we are providing high added value to our users.
  23.6 million units (FYE March 2019 results) 3.5 million units 3.6 million units
North America & Mexico (3 countries)
Latin America (19 countries)
28.7 million units (FYE March 2022 plans) 6.4 million units 6.6 million units
Europe (24 countries)
1.3 million units
Middle East & Africa (35 countries)
1.7 million units
Further Contributions in Untapped Markets
      China
0.4 million units
Asia & Oceania (17 countries)
0.43 million units
Japan
     12 million units
16.4 million units
  CASIO Integrated Report 2019 25

Identify 13 Core Countries and Enhance GAKUHAN Activities
During our medium-term management plan, we will further accelerate the overseas scientific calculator business to achieve stable growth for the GAKUHAN business model. For untapped markets, we have identified 13 core countries in Asia, Africa, and Latin America and aim for market growth by introducing products that are compatible with the educational needs of each country. We will engage in a bidirectional approach to GAKUHAN activities: top-down engagement involving lobbying local education ministries on education reform and a bottom-up approach that involves having school students and teachers use scientific calculators and providing guidance on more efficient learning methods.
From the fiscal year ending March 2020, we will establish a dedicated market development team in the head office and strengthen our structure by enhancing human resources. To effectively promote products in regions where Casio does not have a sales office, we strengthened dealer responses in each region. We also are planning annual line enhancements at our Thai production base and will engage in aggressive investments to increase production capacity.
We also will focus on strengthening our anti- counterfeiting measures. We will adopt a two-way approach involving both technical and legal measures, including developing new products that are difficult to counterfeit, registering trademarks and concepts, and adopting a web-based authentication system. Eliminating counterfeit products protects users from harm and is vital to increasing Casio brand reputation and market share in each region.
Through these initiatives, during the period of the medium-term management plan, we will aim for general and scientific calculator sales of 53.0 billion yen.
Creating Business Model in the E-Testing and E-Textbook Markets
We believe that, right now, responding to the accelerating shift from analog to digital in global education markets is extremely important. With the e-testing and e-textbook markets expected to see significant growth, we will accelerate our response, which will center on software development.
Specifically, we will use the knowledge cultivated through GAKUHAN to focus on web app development, including test
modules, math learning tools, and automatic scoring tools. For example, if we can popularize the electronic textbooks that enable problem solving and graph plotting on a browser, we can significantly contribute to improving the quality and convenience of mathematics education. Using North America and Europe as a launching point, we will partner with the test management companies and textbook publishers of each country to promote joint development that incorporates Casio computer technology. In the current medium-term management plan, we have allocated a software development budget of 600 million yen as we establish the platform for Casio’s first software business.
In the fiscal year ending March 2022, the final year of our current medium-term management plan, we will aim for net sales of 2.0 billion yen from new segments. Through the medium- and long-term global development of new business models established in those segments, we will respond to changing educational workplace needs and contribute to the development of global e-learning systems.
Mission to Support Learning Potential for Students Around the World
At Casio, our unwavering social mission is to contribute to the development of global education through our Educational Computer Business and to support student learning potential.
Today, Casio develops and provides products suited to the educational needs of each country in hopes of achieving better mathematics education across the world. By promoting our proprietary GAKUHAN business model, we will provide training using scientific calculators to more teachers and contribute to improving educational levels around the world.
At the same time, as we accelerate our global expansion, we will work aggressively to reduce the use of resources and reduce the impact our business activities have on the environment. For example, annual sales of 23.6 million scientific calculators means a massive amount of paper is used for the included user manuals. However, we can avoid using those resources by shifting to web-based versions. Protecting the trees used as raw material for paper pulp will contribute to sustainable forests.
26 CASIO Integrated Report 2019

TOPICSConcluded Partnership Agreement With
the Indonesia Ministry of Education and Culture
In September 2018, Casio concluded a partnership agreement with the Indonesia Ministry of Education and Culture. This partnership aims to develop teacher and student potential in the STEM fields (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics).
Since 2016, Casio has engaged in GAKUHAN activities in Indonesia. By providing training to mathematics teachers and by holding mathematics contests, Casio aims to promote the educational benefits of education focused on using scientific calculators to simplify the process of mathematics calculations, which will in turn lead to increased problem-solving skills.
Through this partnership agreement, Casio will provide training for teachers with mathematics classes using scientific calculators and hold trial classes as pilot schools across the country. The results gained from these trials will be applied towards developing class teaching methods and class materials. Through our partnership with the Indonesian government, we will apply the knowledge cultivated through the scientific calculator business to contribute to increasing STEM education levels in Indonesia.
  CASIO Integrated Report 2019 27