Strategies for Sustainable Growth
Four Growth Strategies of the Medium-Term Management Plan: New Businesses
 Apply Casio’s unique technology to create new markets
Jin Nakayama
Executive Officer
General Manager of Business & Technology Development Center and Senior General Manager of Imaging Development
Quantitative Goal
Net sales 20.0 billion yen
Qualitative Goals
Return to our originals of Creativity and Contribution to create new markets based on Casio’s unique and proprietary technologyFYE 3/2022    28 CASIO Integrated Report 2019
Strength in our technology
Pursuing value based on Casio’s strengths
×
Co-creation partners
Market
(Only 1 / Proprietary markets)
 Sustainability Goals
• Promote IT in human health and beauty to provide personal support customized to each individual
• Create social platform that provides people with peace of mind • Expand creation of innovative customer value experiences with
open innovation
     
Focusing on Four Business Themes
The Business & Technology Development Center oversees the development of new businesses. Our mission is to create new markets that take advantage of Casio’s strengths.
In FYE 3/2019, we initiated a broad-based inventory analysis of the various assets of the Casio Group, including our technology, brand, offices, and distribution channels. At the same time, we worked to analyze long-term trends from the perspective of identifying markets that are highly demanded by society and that have potential for significant growth. We spent the year outlining what Casio can do and what Casio should be doing when we combine Casio’s technology with market trends. What we discovered was four themes: health and sports tech, beauty tech, image- based diagnosis support, and imaging modules. In each of these latent markets, Casio will create new businesses by working with co-creator partners capable of providing added value.
New Business Model for Co-Creation With Asics
We have partnered with major sports equipment manufacturer Asics on health and sports tech to commercialize services for individual runners.
Today, more than 140 million people worldwide engage in running activities. Of those people, some 75% have reported struggling with some form of injury. We will develop a service to act as a personal running coach throughout the running season for individuals seeking to develop a running form that allows them to run faster without injury. By combining Casio G-SHOCK, sensor and
New Business Creation
IoT AI
×
Digitalization
AI technologies with the Asics running knowledge grounded in sports science and big data gathered from the Asics customer base of 46 million professional athletes and amateur runners, we will create a completely new service that provides total customized proposals for everything from form coaching to selecting the optimal shoes.
Starting gradually from 2020, Casio and Asics are planning to develop omni-channels encompassing their respective flagship stores and retail shops. We will develop this partnership into a major business that may even entail establishing a joint venture in the future.
Continuous Development of New Businesses
We are advancing this type of initiative, which turns a page on the conventional one-off sales business approach, into three other segments. In beauty tech, we have started on a business using Casio proprietary printing technology in a business alliance with Kose. A dermocamera was developed through a collaboration with Chiba University and Shinshu University, which developed PC software to manage photo images. The imaging module, which uses image processing technology and mathematical algorithms, involved collaborations with multiple co-creation partners and has potential as a new business.
This new business creation will accelerate Casio towards the next stage of growth. In the fiscal year ending March 2022, the final year of our medium-term management plan, we will aim for net sales of 20.0 billion yen. Furthermore, we will look ahead to future growth by developing new markets from a medium- and long-term perspective.
 Markets
Health lifestyles
Diversification of individuals
Medical advancements
Safe and secure urban infrastructure
    Business themes
Provide individual optimized running experiences
Provide individual optimized beauty experiences
Support image-based medical diagnoses
Imaging module business to achieve high-speed, low-power end-point AI
Co-creation
Asics
Kose
Shinshu University Chiba University
Renesas + co-creation partners
    Strengths in our technology
Wearable tech Printing technology
Camera technology
Light source technology
Sound source technology
Mathematical algorithms
           CASIO Integrated Report 2019 29