                                                                                                                  Concordia Financial Group, Ltd
7-1, Nihonbashi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo (Tokyo Nihombashi Tower, 34th floor) https://www.concordia-fg.jp/e/index.html
Integrated Report (Annual Report)
2019
 
                                                                                                               Management philosophy
As a financial group that is trusted by customers and indispensable to its region, we will:
1 Contribute to enriching the lives of our customers and growing their businesses;
2 Contribute to the sustainable development of regional communities;
3 Remain an attractive company that employees are proud to work for; and
4 Grow sustainably and enhance our corporate value.
Editorial policy
This integrated report seeks to clearly communicate to all stakeholders our desire to remain a “financial group that is trusted by customers and indispensable to its region” and the specific initiatives we will take to achieve this. We have therefore presented both financial information and non-financial information regarding ar- eas such as value creation and sustainability that can help fuel continuous growth. In writing this report, we have referenced the “International Integrated Reporting Framework” advocated by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s “Guidance for Integrated Cor- porate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Cre- ation”.
This integrated report (main report and reference material) is a disclosure docu- ment based on Article 21 and Article 52-29 of the Banking Act. This report may contain forward-looking statements as to future results of operations. No for- ward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual results of operations may differ from those projected.
 1 CONCORDIA Financial Group
 CONTENTS
History of Concordia Financial Group 3 Financial and Non-Financial Highlight 5 Value creation process 7 Message from President 9 CFO message 15
Medium-term Management Plan 19 TopicsI Global strategy to support customers’ overseas business 21 TopicsII Along with digital technology, “to a new
financial company” 23 Value creation for Customers 25 Sutainablity Management 29 Living with the community 31 Creating a society for the next generation 33 Consideration for the environment 34 Communication for Stakeholders 35
Organization and Talent Development for sustainable growth 37 Corporate Governance 39 Initiatives for Risk Management 47 Compliance Measures 49 The Business Improvement Plan by Higashi-Nippon Bank 51 Internal Audit Systems 52
Consolidated Financial Statements 53 Non-Consolidated Financial Statements 88 Independent Auditor’s Report 92 Financial Highlights /Capital Ratio 93 Our Home Market 95 ESG-Related Data 96 Board Members 98 Corporate Infomation(inc. international networks) 99
 03
About CFG
 19
Growth Strategy for Value creation
 37
The management base for sustainable growth
 53
DATA
 ESG related information
(Environment∙Social∙Governance)
 ■ Environment
Consideration for the environment 34
■ Social
Living with the community 31 Creatingasocietyforthenextgeneration 33 Organization and Talent Development
for sustainable growth 37
■ Governance
Corporate Governance 39
Non-Financial Highlight 6 ESG-Related Data 96
CONCORDIA Financial Group 2

 History of Concordia Financial Group
E前st身abとliなshるm銀en行toのf設pr立edecessorbanks 1920
Bank of Yokohama’s 100th
anniversary since its founding 2024
1945
ment of the Mutual Loan and
1945
1969
Became the top regional bank,
Yokohama Koshin- Bank had succeeded
to the businesses of
31 banks in the pre-
預金残高が地方銀行第1位となり、
fecture to date, be-
横浜興信銀行はこの
coming the only
holding the largest amount of de-
年までに県内31銀行
地方銀行のトップバンクへ
regional bank with a
1957
N新aたmなe 時ch代anをge迎dえtoる“横Th浜e B・a神nk奈of川Yのok発oh展amをa期”,しloてok、-
をh e 承 a 継d し o 、 f f 神 i c 奈 e 川 i 県n
posits among regional banks
Kanagawa Prefecture
の地方銀行となる
3 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 4
横Yo浜ko最ha大mのa-K普o通sh銀in行Baでnあk っwaたs七es十ta四b- lished as the financial center of
開設
Higashi-Nippon
銀行の破綻整理のため、横浜財界
2019
Formulate of a new Medium-term
Yokohama following the collapse of
が中心となって「横浜興信銀行」を
Shichijyu-shi(74) Bank, which had 設be立en Yokohama’s largest commer- cial bank
management structure with a low
1924
関Th東e T大o震kiw災aをM契uj機inとCすorるpo金ra融tio危n機wにas
funds through a strong focus on boo新stたinなgスprタofiーtaトbへility
established in the city of Mito in
1989
対応するため、茨城県水戸市に「常
1989
Ibaraki Prefecture, following the fi-
磐無尽」を設立
nancial crisis precipitated by the Great Kanto earthquake of 1923
1951 相Na互m銀e行c法haのng施e行d にtoともToなkいiw、a
rent Minatomirai 21 district and start-
Sogo Bank with the enact-
商号を「常磐相互銀行」に
変更
Savings Bank Act
ing towards a new era of development in
行名を「横浜銀行」に変更
Yokohama City and Kanagawa Prefecture
Postwar reconstruction and high economic growth Bubble economy and bust
Financial Big Bang
The global fifinancial crisis
Era of technological advancement and new finance companies
2004 Em収ba益rk力ed強o化n aのn徹ew底をsta通rtじ, cてre、ating a
2024
経費率の低い経営体質を実現し公的
中期経営計画
expense ratio and paying off public
資金を完済。
Management Plan
Start “Transformative” 3 years to grow into a new finance company
2016
Esta誕bl生ished
Name changed to
1993 本Rel店ocをat現ed在thのeみheなadとoみffiらceいt2o1th地e区cur-
相“H互ig銀ash行i-かNiらpp普o通n 銀Ba行nkへ” のalong
with the transition from a
転換にともない、商号を
mutual savings bank to a
「東日本銀行」に変更
commercial bank
2009
地Be銀caでm唯e一thのe上on海ly支re店gをional 東日本銀行
bank with a branch in
創立100周年へ
Shanghai
Bank’s 100th an- niversary since its founding
へ移転し、創立70周年記念事業の
ed operations at the new head office
一環として建てられた新本店での営
built as part work to commemorate 業theをb開an始k’s 70th anniversary
2020
2020
横浜銀行 創立100周年へ
About CFG

                                                                                                             About CFG
 Financial / Non-financial Highlights
  ■ Financial Highlights ■ Non-financial Highlight
  SME Loans (two banks combined)
4,711.8¥bn FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
      Loans to HNWIs (BOY)
2,541.2¥bn FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
      Deposits (two banks combined)
15,886.4¥bn FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
     Balance of Investment Products for Individual Customers (Group basis)
    2,247.7¥bn FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
   OHR (consolidated)
61.4% FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
      Gross operating income RORA (consolidated)
2.5% FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
      ROE (consolidated) ※Shareholders’ equity basis
5.2% FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
     CET1 ratio (consolidated)
13.00% FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
      Customer base
43,000
Providing value to customers
    Corporate customers
Retail customers
5,200,000
      Accumulation-type investment trust
M&A Support
Business matching
39,000
25
545
(Mar.2019)
Sustainable growth
Reduction rate of green house gas emissions
–19.1% (FY14 → FY18)
(FY18)
(FY18)
    Number of women administrators
28.7% (FY18)
 Number of participants in financial education
3,000
 (FY16 ~ FY18)
5 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 6
(two banks combined)

                                                                                                             Value creation process
    ● various talents
● advanced consulting skills
Intellectual capital
● brands that permeate the region ● full product capabilities
● “Efficient management” expertise
Social capital
● unrivalled “customer base” in Kanagawa Pref. ● mega market “Tokyo”
● domestic and overseas networks
▶P15 CFO message
                7 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 8
The management base for sustainable growth (Governance, Risk management, Compliance)
Customers
Regional Society
customers affluent lives and growing businesses
▶P25 Value creation for Customers
▶P29 Sutainablity Management
▶P37 Organization and Talent Development for sustainable growth
sustainable development
Employees
Shareholders
Mid 2% level
Approx. 50%
Approx. 7% Mid 11% level (*Shareholders’ equity basis)
appealing company where employees can work with pride
enhance our corporate value
About CFG
  Concordia Financial Group’s management philosophy positions the company as “a financial group that is trusted by customers and indispensable to its region. This serves as a guideline for how we should approach all our stake- holders, including our customers, regional society, employees, and shareholders.
In realizing the company’s management philosophy, we will leverage our Group’s strengths and grasp opportu- nities to conduct corporate activity aimed at resolving social issues, and finally increase enterprise value contribut- ing to regional development, with the aim of “creating shared value”. The generation and circulation of this value is the central task of a regional financial group. Transforming into “a new finance company beyond the scope of traditional banks” will allow us to provide a lasting contribution to regional society.
Increase enterprise value while contributing to social development
   “Transformative” 3 years to grow into a new finance company
— offer solutions to customers as a group —
  4 Growth opportunities
1. Solution offerings to corporate cus- tomers, mainly SMEs in various growth phase
2. Wealth management services for HNWIs
3. Better service offerings to senior cus- tomers
4. Convenient services for customers in wealth formation phase, mainly young generation
 Medium-term Management Plan
Basic policies
● Deepen the value of core businesses
● Increase productivity from restructuring ● Solidify the management base
▶P19 Medium-term Management Plan
   Investmented of management resources
Financial capital
Value provided to stakeholders
● Stable funding ● adequate capital
Human capital
● good quality loan assets
            External environment
● Loan-deposit margin keeps shrinking following BOJ’s negative interest rate policy ● Shrinking and aging population ● Increase of substantially unlevered companies ● Digital technology advancement ● Further globalization ● Entry from other industries ● Bank deregulation
Gross operating income RORA
KPIs (Long-term Levels)
OHR ROE(*)
CET1 ratio
   ▼▼▼▼
  Transform into a new finance company beyond the scope of traditional banks
   
                                                                                                               Message from President
About CFG
  Concordia Financial Group, Ltd.
Kenichi Kawamura Representative Director, President
Let me first express my deepest appreciation to all our stakeholders for their support of the Concordia Financial Group.
Both individuals and companies are facing a new era of change amid dramat- ic shifts in the structure of society brought about by digitization and a declining and aging population. The question for us in this environment is what we should aim for as a company providing financial intermediation functions for re- gional communities.
Our vision is to transform a “new finance company beyond the scope of tradi- tional banks”
As a representative of the Concordia Financial Group, I will present my thoughts on the direction of the company and the issues that need to be ad- dressed.
Our Group and the external environment
Overview of business conditions
Before explaining our long-term vision, I want to discuss the external conditions faced by our Group and regional financial institutions from a longer-term perspective.
FY18 marked the tenth year since the Lehman Shock, which was triggered by the US subprime mortgage crisis. A moder- ate economic expansion has continued overall since that time, with improved employment and wage conditions. However, economic conditions differ by country and region. Europe and China are slowing, and while the US economy remains upbeat, the growing impact of the trade war between the US and China has clouded the outlook for the world economy.
Meanwhile, the Bank of Japan has maintained its policy of “Quantitative and Qualitative Monetary Easing with Yield Curve Control”, calling into question the sustainability of tra- ditional banking business, which generates earnings from the spread obtained by procuring funds at short-term rates and investing these funds for the long term at a higher rate.
In terms of social conditions, the most pressing issue for Japan is its rapidly declining and aging population. Over the
  9 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 10

                                                                                                             Message from President
About CFG
  next 50 years, Japan’s population is expected to fall by about 30% from a peak in 2008. In contrast to the low birthrate, it is also estimated that one in every three people in Japan will be over 65 years of age by 2025, heralding in an era of centenar- ians. Personal financial assets, held mostly by the elderly, have swelled to over ¥1,800trn. I believe this accumulated wealth will help build a sustainable society as these assets are inherited by the next generation and circulated into new industries.
Meanwhile, technological advancements are not only im- pacting daily life, but also driving a dramatic transformation in the fabric of society.
Our primary purpose as regional financial institutions will still be to ensure smooth financial intermediary functions in regional communities, but we will have to take a new approach to how we conduct business, introducing cut- ting-edge technology to improve productivity and provide more convenience to customers.
The past three years and the current situation
Over the three years since the founding of Concordia Fi- nancial Group, we have worked to realize group synergies through the business merger of the Bank of Yokohama and Higashi-Nippon Bank. This work has produced the intended effects, but we have substantially missed our earnings targets due to the impact of protracted monetary easing.
We face many challenges in the near term, including firm- ing up our earnings base, responding to the Higashi-Nippon Bank business improvement order, using digital technology to achieve dramatic structural reform, and breaking into new business areas.
Our Group’s strengths and opportunities
Based on and understanding of these conditions, it is import- ant to identify the mainstay source of value we can provide to stakeholders as a regional financial institution, and how we can adapt to a constantly changing society. It has been three years since the business merger of the Bank of Yokohama and Higashi-Nippon Bank, and we have talked extensively about our Group’s strengths and opportunities.
Namely these are our unrivaled “customer base” in Kanaga- wa Prefecture, “efficient management” expertise, and “Tokyo” mega market.
In Japan, about 17% of small-and medium-sized enterprises are located in our Group’s home market of Kanagawa Pre- fecture and Tokyo. The area accounts for about 25% of the
nation’s GDP, an enormous market with an economy the size of Spain or Mexico. These regions boast the first and second most excess inflow of young people in Japan, limiting the impact of Japan’s aging society despite the continued fall in population. Many wealthy people interested in wealth man- agement also live in the area. Our Group has dealings with 43,000 corporate customers and 5.12 million retail customers in the area.
In addition, the Bank of Yokohama, which has received public funding in the past, has a well-established DNA of efficient management, and has consistently maintained OHR (expense ratio) at top-rated levels among banks nationwide.
Our vision and Medium-term Management Plan
Medium-term Management Plan
Our Medium-term Management plan that started this fiscal year sets out our strategy for pursuing growth opportunities based on the current conditions faced by the company as well as our strengths and opportunities, as outlined above. We position the three years of this Medium-term Manage- ment Plan as a phase of transformation into a “new finance company beyond the scope of traditional banks”.
▶P19: Medium-term Management Plan The plan’s three basic policies are:
I would like to talk further about the concept of developing a business that transcends a traditional bank that is at the heart of these three basic policies.
Deepen the value of core businesses
Enhanced solutions sales
I am certain that deposits, loans, and exchange will retain their importance as the three pillars of bank business. Howev- er, it will be difficult to generate the same level of added val- ue as in the past if we continue to carry on business as usual in an environment dominated by excess funds and ultra-low interest rates. Settlement-related business is also no longer the sole domain of the banks, with a range of new services being provided by other industries.
Simply accepting deposits and lending in line with cus- tomer demand is therefore not a sustainable business model in these conditions. In our home market of Kanagawa and Tokyo, we will provide solutions that transcend the traditional banking domain, fostering human resources and actively col- laborating with external partners to contribute to the devel- opment of prosperous lives and businesses of our customers.
Looking overseas, a number of nearby countries are growing rapidly. We have therefore decided to establish a new base in Singapore to support growth of customers with businesses in these areas and capture growth in the region, following on from our investment in Bank Resona Perdania in Indonesia.
▶P21 Global strategy to support customers’ overseas business
Structural reform
Operational reform: Less is more
In regard to existing banking operations, we will thoroughly promote automation and digitization using new technologies to eliminate and reduce the burden of customer transactions and dramatically improve convenience.
For internal banking operations, we plan to reduce op- erational volume by 30% over five years and improve the efficiency of banking operations by shifting to a paperless/ cashless/back-office less structure.
New branch channels concept
Up until now, bank branches have been the most important point of contact for the bank and our customers. ATM func- tionality has also improved dramatically over the last ten years or so, and ATMs have become a key point for transactions. However, the growing popularity of Internet banking and smartphone apps has resulted in a 40% decline in customer branch visits over the last ten years.
I suspect that even withdrawing cash from ATMs will be- come increasingly rare as society shifts to a cashless system. Over the next few years, we plan to rebuild our branch net- work with a view to a future where it is expected that Inter- net banking and bank transactions via smartphone apps will become the norm. Most branches up till now have been used for office work, but we plan to downsize branches and trans- form them into spaces for communication and consultation with customers. We plan to consolidate and downsize about a third of our branches over the next five years, increasing their functionality while saving ¥3bn per annum in branch-related costs.
   1.
Deepen the value of core businesses by supporting cus- tomer growth and providing problem solving services
▶P25: Value creation for customers
  2.
Increase productivity from restructuring based on digital technology
▶P23: Along with digital technology, “to a new financial company”
   BOY
HNB
  Consolidate/downsize
3.
Solidify the management base to enter new business areas and robust organization for sustainable growth.
▶P37: The management base for sustainable growth
 11 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 12
Our integrated report goes into detail about the specific measures based on these basic policies.
Reduction
in branch maintenance cost
approx. ¥2.0bn (p.a.)
Reduction
in branch maintenance cost
approx. ¥0.8bn (p.a.)
over 20% of total branches in 5 years (207 branches as of Mar. 2019)
Consolidate/downsize
over 60% of total branches in 3 years (85 branches as of Mar. 2019)

                                                                                                             Message from President
Enter new business areas by making strategic investment
New business domains that transcend the existing business model, fields under consideration
I see little prospect that existing business domains will be ca- pable of driving corporate growth in an era where traditional banking business is losing value. Our Medium-term Manage- ment Plan looks to invest ¥50.0bn in new fields over the next three years to transform into a new finance company beyond the scope of traditional banks, with diverse business lines that are different from conventional banking operations and capa- ble of creating new value.
We will also consider extensively beefing up our consulting functions and participation in overseas financial business, as well as collaboration with Fintech companies engaged in da- ta-driven business, digital banking, and open API platforms.
Investment decisions will be made taking into account the state of capital utilization and expected synergies, as well as longer-term profitability from the perspective of the cost of capital. We will leverage our deep customer base, extensive data, and regional knowledge to forge new businesses, and look toward developing new businesses in anticipation of moves toward deregulation.
In July 2019, we agreed to form a business partnership between the Bank of Yokohama and the Chiba Bank. We are moving forward with cooperative measures centered on the
sales department, such as M&A, business succession, and the joint use of the overseas bases of both banks. Unlike past frameworks which involved steps such as systems integration, we hope to provide new services and solutions through the partnership of two of Capital Area’s top regional banks.
Strengthen governance and reform business model
Strengthening governance at Higashi-Nippon Bank
In July 2018, Higashi-Nippon Bank received a business im- provement order based on Article 26, Paragraph 1 of the Banking Law, related to issues with its internal control system and management system. We sincerely acknowledge this or- der and deeply apologize to all our customers and sharehold- ers and to all involved for any inconvenience caused.
▶P51: The Business Improvement Plan by Higashi-Nippon Bank
Currently, the Group is working together as a team to im- prove the internal control system at Higashi-Nippon Bank. Organizational reforms and revisions to rules and regulations have been completed, and we continue to create a corporate culture that emphasizes employee education and compliance.
We are also rebuilding Higashi-Nippon Bank’s business model. Relationship banking in the Tokyo area will be a key pillar of the new business model. The total volume of lending
in Tokyo is an enormous ¥224trn, but lending by regional financial institutions only accounts for a quarter of this. In the overwhelmingly massive Tokyo market, even if the share of the market is small, becoming a financial institution that SMEs rely on for its financial intermediary functions will be essential for sustained growth at Higashi-Nippon Bank. I also believe that this will be a key driver of growth for the Concor- dia Financial Group.
I expect the Higashi-Nippon Bank and Bank of Yokohama’s work to strengthen relationship banking in Tokyo will sup- port the creation of promising startups and provide broad- based assistance for growth, enabling the emergence of new businesses that act as drivers of the Japanese economy. Hi- gashi-Nippon Bank will therefore reallocate management re- sources scattered across the Kanto region to Tokyo, and move toward deepening relationships with existing customers as a main bank, in a shift away from the previous approach cen- tered on attracting new customers.
Toward the sustainable development of regional communities
SDGs initiatives and regional revitalization
Thoughts about the future vision of the Group inevitably in- tertwine with discussion about the management philosophy that forms the basis of our corporate activities. With the start of the new Medium-term Management plan, we have taken the opportunity to revise our management philosophy and make it more universal.
As a financial group that is trusted by customers and indis- pensable to its region, we will:
❶ contribute to the customers’ affluent lives and growing businesses;
❷ assist in the sustainable development of regional society; ❸ continue to be an appealing company where employees
can work with pride; and
❹ grow sustainably and enhance our corporate value.
Based on these principles, we will endeavor to show our commitment to providing lasting value to stakeholders. The
United Nations adopted the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in September 2015, which set forward 17 goals and 169 targets to be achieved by 2030 in a pledge to create a world in which no one was left behind. Japan also faces the question of how the actions of the government, companies, and individuals can solve social issues such as a declining population, regional revitalization, and environmental dam- age.
▶P29 Sustainability management
I believe regional financial institutions can still do much
more in this regard. As a financial group that is vital for the region, the development of the regional community fuels our growth, and the profit and value we create is returned to the region. This cycle is the foundation on which a sustainable so- ciety can be built. I also envisage regional banks as a hub that connects all stakeholders, including local residents, regional companies, local government bodies, and schools.
Final Comments
This financial year sees our company poised to begin a pro- cess of transformation. I promise to make the Concordia Financial Group into a “new finance company beyond the scope of traditional banks”. In this way, we will contribute to the continued development of society through the growth of our company.
We look forward to your continued support.
About CFG
       Investment/capital contribution
Market growth
¥50.0 bn (3 year accumulated)
Transform intoa new finance company beyond the scope of traditional banks
     Overseas FIs, etc. Domestic FIs, etc.
Organic growth
Deepening the value of core businesses
Enhanced banking business incl. Fintech
Enhance and diversify solution offerings such as investment banking
inorganic growth
Data-driven business
Platform business with open APIs incl. digital banking
  Current
 13 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 14
Service expansion
Current

                                                                                                             Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. Tadashi Komine
Managing Executive Officer
FY18 results
The Japanese economy continued to recover moderately in FY18, supported by growing demand for labor-saving measures to ad- dress a shortage of workers and firm consumer spending buoyed by improved employment and wage conditions. However, the Bank of Japan kept its Quantitative and Qualitative Monetary Eas- ing with Yield Curve Control policy in place, which continued to pressure operating conditions in the banking sector.
In this environment, the combined gross operating income of Bank of Yokohama and Higashi-Nippon Bank fell by ¥17.6bn YoY to ¥201.1bn. The average loan balance of the two banks combined increased to over ¥12.5trn (centered on Bank of Yokohama), but interest income from loans declined because the continued low yield environment depressed interest rates on loans and due to a decline in Higashi-Nippon Bank’s average loan balance. In addition, income from fees and commissions and Market Division income decreased because the focus of investment product sales shifted to supporting longer-term wealth formation for retail customers,
Even amid the continued low interest rate environment, we plan to maintain the level of gross operating income RORA, an indicator of earnings compared to risk assets, through enhanced solutions sales and appropriate risk-taking, improve OHR, an indicator of efficien- cy, by leveraging structural reform-driven productivity gains, and boost ROE, a measure of earnings compared to shareholders’ equi- ty. In addition, our capital policy aims to maintain financial health and improve capital efficiency, balancing investment for growth with shareholder returns while keeping the CET1 capital ratio at an appropriate level.
*Shareholders’ equity basis
The Medium-term Management Plan targets core net business profit rising from ¥77bn in FY18 to ¥87bn in FY21, the final year of the plan. We will achieve this by deepening the value of core busi- nesses through enhanced solution sales in the home market to boost earnings power, and increasing productivity through restruc- turing including operational reforms based on digital technologies and branch channel reforms, all of which will help to build a more muscular organization.
We will also actively enter new business areas by making strate- gic investment, in an effort to drive further profit growth.
About CFG
 CFO message
    Achieve solid capital profile and capital efficiency, contribute to sustained regional growth by taking appropriate risks and strategic investment
Financial targets in Medium-term Management Plan
Our Medium-term Management Plan spanning the three years from FY19 to FY21 includes the following four numerical targets for both the fi- nal year of the plan in FY21 and over the long term.
Key metrics
FY2018 (Actual)
Target
 FY2021 (Final FY under the Plan)
 Long-term target
  Gross operating income RORA (consolidated)
  2.5%
  Mid 2% level
  Mid 2% level
   OHR
(consolidated)
 61.4%
 Approx. 60%
 Approx. 50%
 ROE*
(consolidated)
  5.2%
  Mid 5% level
  Approx. 7%
 CET1 ratio
(consolidated)
   13.0%
   Approx. 12%
   Mid 11% level
      while the Market Division worked to improve the health of its port- folio and took other measures in an effort to create a sustainable profit structure.
Expenses at the two banks combined rose ¥0.9bn YoY to ¥124.1bn, but this reflected an increase in depreciation costs fol- lowing the introduction of upgraded branch terminals and ATMs at Bank of Yokohama, investment in software accompanying the IT system transition at Higashi-Nippon Bank, and other initiatives aimed at improving profitability.
Credit costs increased to ¥9.1bn. Meanwhile, gains on stocks rose to ¥11.1bn partly due to gains on sales of cross shareholdings. As a result, consolidated net income attributable to owners of
the parent company Concordia Financial Group came to ¥54.2bn. The consolidated capital adequacy ratio was 13.7% with a CET1 capital ratio of 13.0%, providing a sufficient level of capital to act
as a buffer against future risk.
(¥bn)
Changes in core net business profit (two banks combined)
Total investment and cost: approx. ¥10.0
       77.0
Cost increase from taking measures
(2.5)
Deepen the value of core businesses
9.0
Cost reduction from
estructuring restructuring
cost
(1.5)
➄
Operational reform based on digital technologies
+
➅
Branch channel reform
2.5
87.0
➄ and ➅ long term effect from restructuring
  Increase productivity from restructuring
 ➀
Sales strategy in home market +
➁ Enhanced solutions sales
1.0
➂
Overseas Business expansion
➃
Diversified fund management
5.0
R
➆
long term effect from restructuring
   ➆ Enter new business areas by making strategic investment ¥50.0bn
15 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 16
FY2018
FY2021 (Plan)
Long-term target level
(3.5)
Cost increase, etc. from changes in social landscape
 
                                                                                                             CFO message
About CFG
    Capital policy
The company’s CET1 capital ratio was 13.0% as at March 2019. This is sufficiently above the level required under a stress test that assumes a crisis on the scale of the Lehman Shock.
Under the capital policy to achieve solid capital profile and capi- tal efficiency with Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), we have contin- ued balanced shareholder return considering risk asset increase and strategic investment for growth. We need to further increase the
efficiency of capital management to push forward with drastic structural reforms while improving enterprise value by using strate- gic investment to enter new business fields. With this in mind, we plan to keep the CET1 ratio at around 12% during the term of the Medium-term Management Plan, aiming for around 11.5% over the longer term.
Capital allocation in MTM plan period
Shareholder returns
Our shareholder return policy strives to meet the expectations of long-term investors and retail investors. As such, the policy is mind- ful of the importance of dividends, which we aim to increase while keeping payouts steady.
In addition, from the perspective of improving capital efficiency, we also plan to conduct flexible and agile share buybacks based on
market conditions and the outlook for earnings.
We paid an ordinary dividend of ¥16 in FY18 and conducted a
¥10bn share buyback, for a total payout ratio of 55%. We plan to pay an ordinary dividend of ¥16 in FY19 as well, based on our shareholder return policy. In addition, in May 2019, we resolved to conduct a ¥10bn share buyback.
     Tier2 financing
 Increase in risk asset
 Profit attributable to owners of parent
 Strategic investment
 Shareholder return
  13.0%
12.0%
11.0%
Consolidated capital adequacy ratio
Consolidated capital adequacy ratio
CET1 ratio
Maintain at approx. 12%
FY18 FY19 FY20 FY21
Policy regarding strategic shareholdings
We will strive to reduce cross shareholdings as set out in the “Policy on Cross-Shareholdings” section of our Basic Policy on Corporate Governance. We will determine whether to hold stocks by consid- ering both qualitative and quantitative factors for each stock, such as the contribution to regional development, strengthening long- term and stable business relationships, and the economic rationale of the holding.
Dividend and Gross Payout
   (¥)
10
BOY
12
FY13
Concordia FG
   15
15.5
16 16
FY18 FY19 (Forecast)
55.0
19.7
35%
10.0(*2)
54%
     11
13
FY14
72.8
17.0
23%
29.9
65%
14
FY15
      Number of shares held and amount on balance sheet of holdings not purely for investment
FY11 FY12
FY16 FY17
 (¥bn)
FY14
FY15
FY16
FY17
FY18
FY19 (Forecast)
End-FY16
End-FY17
End-FY18
 Total amount on balance sheet (¥100m)
   217,321
 227,923
   195,869
    Number of shares
392 387 377
Net profit
Total dividend payment
Payout ratio
Share buyback amount
Total shareholder return ratio
67.5
16.2
24%
22.4
57%
66.3(*1) 66.4
19.2 19.5
29% 29%
12.5 13.5
48% 50%
54.2
19.8
36%
10.0
55%
 Holdings of the Bank of Yokohama, which has the largest amount of investment stocks on the balance sheet
   17
CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 18
(Note) FY14,15 figures are solely of BOY, and those of after FY16 are Concordia FG consolidated basis *1 : Excluding ¥60.3bn gain on bargain purchase
*2 : As of May 19.
Capital structure
● Use Tier2 capital to remain solid and improve capital efficiency
● Maintain CET1 capital ratio at approx. 12%
● Continue subordinated bond financing to maintain the consolidated capital adequacy ratio and to enhance capital efficiency

 Medium-term Management Plan
 Basic policies
10 key initiatives
Vision
 Deepen the value of core businesses
  ➀ Sales strategy in home market
  As a regional fifinancial group focusing its sales in Kanagawa/Tokyo, increase presence in the region by pursuing region-specifific strategy incorporating market characteristics, customer base and branch net- work.
   ➁ Enhanced solutions sales
 A comprehensive one-stop service incorporating fifinancial services and solutions provided by the Group.
 ➂ Overseas business expansion
   Increase overseas business income by supporting business growth of corporate customers and accumu- lating overseas assets
   ➃ Diversifified fund management
 Given the gap between deposit and loan amount and persistently low interest rate in Japan, increase di- versifified investment under an appropriate risk management and ensure stable income gains
 Increase productivity from restructuring
       ➄ Operational reform based on digital technology
  Drastically streamline the current banking operations while ensuring customer convenience through op- erational reform based on digital technology
  ➅ Branch channel reform
  As a regional fifinancial group, focus on effificient branch operation while retaining its extensive branch network.
 Solidify the management base
  ➆ Enter new business areas by making strategic investment
   While deepening the value of core businesses as a regional fifinancial group, positively consider expand- ing/enhancing the business scope by making strategic investment.
   ➇ Robust organization and talent development for sustainable growth
 Transform into a highly productive organization by maximizing addressable capabilities of various talents, building a corporate culture encouraging new challenges and career growth opportunities and improv- ing engagement and motivation at work.
 ➈ SDGs initiatives
   As a fifinancial group that is indispensable to its region, actively promote corporate behavior to resolve so- cial issues and finally increase enterprise value while contributing to regional development (creating shared value).
   ➉ Capital policy
  Under the capital policy to achieve solid capital profifile and capital effificiency with Risk Appetite Frame- work (RAF), retain balanced shareholder return considering risk asset increase and strategic investment for growth.
  Medium-term Management Plan (FY2019-FY2021)
 Current
External environment
● Loan-deposit margin keeps shrinking following BOJ’s negative interest rate policy
● Shrinking and aging population
● Increase of substantially unlevered companies
● Digital technology advancement
● Further globalization
● Entry from other industries
● Bank deregulation
Strengths/opportunities
[Strengths]
● Unrivalled “customer base” in Kanagawa Pref.
● “Efficient management” expertise
[Opportunities]
● Increase the Group’s presence in “Tokyo” mega market
Positioned as
“Transformative” 3 years
 Basic policies
  1
Deepen the value of core businesses
   2
Increase productivity from restructuring
● Increase topline growth through enhanced solutions sales, etc.
● Approx. 30% reduction in operation volume in 5 years
● Consolidate or downsize 1/3 of total branches
  3
Solidify the management base
● Utilize strategic investment
● Strengthen talent/organization/fifinancial base
Key metrics
FY2018 (Actual)
Target
 FY2021
(Final FY under the Plan)
 Long-term target
 Gross operating income RORA (consolidated)
   2.5%
  Mid 2% level
  Mid 2% level
  OHR (consolidated)
  61.4%
 Approx. 60%
 Approx. 50%
 ROE* (consolidated)
  5.2%
   Mid 5% level
   Approx. 7%
  CET1 ratio (consolidated)
   13.00%
  Approx. 12%
  Mid 11% level
                                                                                                                                                                             Growth Strategy for Value creation
    “Transformative” 3 years to grow into a new finance company
This financial year marks the start of our new Medium-term Management Plan. We strived under the previous Medium-term Management Plan to achieve group synergies through management integration. However, we failed to achieve the revenue target due to harsher external environment than expected amid lingering negative interest rate under BOJ’s initial target of CPI 2%
growth still out of reach.
Moreover, in addition to responding to the Business Improvement Order is-
sued to Higashi-Nippon Bank (HNB), we need to take necessary measures to drastically review the current operation such as improving operational efficien- cy driven by digital technology and launching new businesses.
To address the challenging management environment/issues, the next 3 years covered under the new Plan are positioned for “transformation” into a “new finance company beyond the scope of traditional banks” given the Group’s “strengths” and “opportunities”.
      to grow into a new finance company
Long-term vision
Transform into a new finance company beyond the scope of traditional banks
Innovative service offerings surpassing customer expectations
Build new business lines Achieve sustainable growth
    19 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 20
*Shareholders’ equity basis

                                                                                                              TopicsI Global strategy to support customers’ overseas business
Growth Strategy for Value creation
        Leveraging our network in Asia to support customers’ overseas business expansion.
Case 1 Investment in Bank Resona Perdania in Indonesia
Investment in Resona Bank’s Indonesian subsidiary Bank Resona Perdania will give Bank of Yokohama greater latitude to support customers planning to expand into Indonesia, as well as allow- ing it to capture growth in the ASEAN market. We have also signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Resona Bank for mutual cooperation in international businesses, including shar- ing overseas base functions, provision of overseas local informa- tion, and the acceptance and dispatch of temporary employee transfers and trainees.
Case 2 Financing local companies using standby credit
When a local bank provides financing to an overseas local subsidiary, a financial institution can provide a
standby letter of credit to the local bank to bolster creditworthiness on request of the parent company. The Bank of Yokohama’s Shanghai Branch has a financing function in China, allowing it to support Japa- nese companies in overseas financing, such as financing based on letters of credit issued by other regional financial institutions in Japan.
  Concordia Financial Group’s Medium-term Management Plan starting from FY19 positions overseas business expansion as a key initiative. Efforts to support growth for our customers by expanding our network in Asia, as well as capturing growth in overseas markets as we build up assets overseas will help improve our Group’s corporate value.
Support for corporate business growth
Overseas business needs are also diversifying, with custom- ers wanting to open businesses in a growing number of countries, expand overseas sales channels, and support in- bound tourism among other things. Bank of Yokohama es- tablished a new International Business Department in April 2019 to bolster the support we provide for customer growth. We support our customers’ overseas businesses in collaboration with group companies Hamagin Research In- stitute and Hamagin Finance, integrating planning for over- seas business expansion, support for business partners, and base management.
We currently have an overseas branch office in Shanghai, representative offices in Hong Kong and Bangkok, and 8 overseas partner financial institutions. We plan to expand our support network in Asia through investment in Bank Resona Perdania and opening a new branch in Singapore. (Note) Scheduled to open in FY20, subject to regulatory
approval.
Overseas asset accumulation
We aim to grow overseas business income by accumulating overseas assets through support for corporate business growth and increased investment capabilities. We plan to roughly double our overseas assets to over ¥400bn by FY21 by extending cross-border loans from Japan (note), expanding our overseas network to facilitate lending to customers’ local entities, and collaboration with other regional financial insti- tutions.
(Note) This is a method of direct financing from Japan to a customer’s local entity overseas.
No. of customers in SE Asia, India
approx.1,500
No. of customers in China/HK
Approx.1,400
HK Rep. Office
Shanghai Branch
    NEW
Singapore Branch
Bangkok Rep. Office Office
★
★
NEW Bank Resona Perdania
      Overseas asset accumulation
Accumulate overseas asset through support for corporate busi- ness growth and increased investment capabilities
Global talent development
Dispatched personnel to overseas branches and partner banks and strate- gically developing global talents
• Dispatch records China
Bank of China
SE Asia
Bangkok Bank, PT Bank Maybank Indo- nesia, Bank for Investment and Develop- ment of Vietnam, etc.
Overseas business income
(¥bn)
4
2
   (¥bn) 400
200
Overseas investment projects
• Business loans to foreign entities
• Diversify investment with prudent risk
management
Corporate customers
• Branches in Japan and local areas ex- tend loans to a customer’s local entity • Utilize SBLC scheme and extend loans
to customers of other regional banks
      approx.2x
in 3 years
  approx.2x
in 3 years
FY18 FY21
FY18 FY21
21 CONCORDIA Financial Group CONCORDIA Financial Group 22

                                                                                                               TopicsII Along with digital technology, “to a new financial company”
Growth Strategy for Value creation
  Use cutting-edge financial technology and reform of digital operations to dramatically restructure operations and create a new business model.
Concordia Financial Group faces the challenge of how best to use digital technology to become a new finance company. We are planning a complete digital transformation that extends beyond business and operational re- form, taking a longer-term perspective in order to generate new value by revamping our business model, revolu- tionize the customer experience, and improve society and the lives of people in the local community.
Fintech, AI, IoT, and other digital technologies are rapidly becom- ing a part of everyday life, and have become an issue that regional financial institutions need to urgently address. In addition, we are faced with the challenge of rapidly developing advanced products and services to meet customer needs amid changes in the external environment, such as the Bank of Japan’s continued ultra-easy money policy which has taken interest rates into the negative and Japan’s declining and aging population. This leaves us with the ur- gent task of building a highly efficient and productive new business model by reviewing our business and reforming operations. The Bank of Yokohama established a digital strategy department in April 2019 as part of the drive toward the use of digital technology, and the Group is moving forward with the following three pillars of its digital strategy.
Initiatives to reform branches, business, and operations
Cashless settlement initiatives
Creating a new business model using AI, Fintech, and other digital technology
Digital transformation* capable of leveraging growth in the Internet economy
Operational reform based on digital technology is a key initiative in our medium-Management plan starting in FY19. We intend to transform our branches into consultation spaces for customers through a radical reform of our branch operation by going paper- less, cashless, and back office less. In addition, we will build a re- gional ecosystem designed to capture material, personal, and experiential needs that are not directly related to finance, and deepen communication with customers through these non-finan- cial connections. We also aim to diversify the services that use digi- tal technology by expanding our cashless settlement service and providing a platform for regional currency issued by local govern- ment, chamber of commerce, private firms, shopping malls, and others.
    *Digital transformation: Use digital technology to rethink how the company does business and reform corporate culture. This will enable us to generate new value, build a new business model with digital capabilities, revolutionize the customer experience, improve society and people’s lives, and gain a competitive edge.
Initiatives involving cashless settlements
“Hama-Pay” is a service that allows custom- ers to pay for goods at participating stores using a smartphone app. The payment is then immediately withdrawn from Bank of Yokohama account registered in advance by the customer.
Collaboration with MEJAR core system
    23 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 24
“Hama-Pay” now allows us- ers to withdraw cash from ticket machines at any sta- tion on the Tokyu lines!
MEJAR Digital Innovation Hub
Bank of Yokohama is working with financial institutions that jointly operate the MEJAR core system, and helped launch the MEJAR Digital Innovation Hub (MDIH) to promote business process reforms, channel service reforms, and other measures using digital technology. Bank of Yokohama’s Digital Strategy Department has accepted tem- porary staff transfers from other MEJAR banks, and temporary transfers of staff from NTT DATA FORCE have also been placed in various divisions of the bank to aid with development. By strengthening cooperation with MEJAR banks, we aim to improve productivity and offer high value-added services suited to a digital society.
  A branch will focus more on consultation by going paperless/ cashless/back office less
 Paperless
● Introduce tablet-based banking which requires no transaction tickets and request forms
● Introduce personal identity verification instead of seal verification (Seal-less transaction)
● Expand the scope of WEB-based operation
Eliminating the tiresome process of filling out paper forms at the bank will require a new form of personal identity verification instead of seal verification and the use of paperless forms. We will therefore gradually introduce tablet terminals at branches, where customers can conduct transactions on a screen similarly to using an ATM or via the Internet.
 Expand the scope of WEB-based operation
We have built an API sharing platform that en- ables the real-time flow of data from custom- ers filling out forms on the Internet and data exchange with partner companies. The API sharing platform will improve convenience for customers by expanding the scope of banking they can do on the Internet.
   Consultation booth
EQ
Service counter
Quick ATM Quick counter
Lobby deposit machine
Open payment machine
ATM
General reception
Application of
AI and RPA
For operational reform, we are pro- moting the use of AI and RPA. The scope of use will be expanded in the future, mainly for headquarters op- erations such as AI for call center and reception record confirmation, and RPA for tax investigation reports and investment trust contract regis- tration.
AI: Artificial Intelligence RPA : Robotic Process
Automation
 Team Table
   Cashless
We plan to move toward a cashless system in which customers mainly complete transactions on their own or with limited assistance, by introduc- ing Quick ATMs with cash functions and lobby deposit machines for large cash deposits.
Back office less
Set up a new middle office function to centralize various back office operations and streamline back office operations at branches.
  
                                                                                                             Value creation for Customers
As a financial group that is trusted by customers and indispensable to its region, we will contribute to the customers’ affluent lives and growing businesses by providing optimal solutions that meet the diverse needs of our customers.
■ Enhanced solutions sales for corporate customers
Vision (No.) Expand optimal solution offerings through business evaluation with
the customer base built in Kanagawa and Tokyo areas where mix of
corporate customers in various growth phase gather.
M&A deals
approx. 2x
in 3 years
(No.)
Business matchings
545
FY18
Growth Strategy for Value creation
        ■ Home market business strategy
Concordia Financial Group is a regional financial group that oper- ates mainly in Kanagawa Prefecture and Tokyo. We will increase our regional presence by developing regional sales strategies that take advantage of market characteristics, the customer base, and our branch network.
We plan to expand our market share in Kanagawa prefecture by leveraging the Bank of Yokohama’s “district-based division system (p.31)” to strengthen local business with corporate and retail (wealthy individuals and those at the wealth formation stage) cus- tomers and provide them with optimal solutions.
We also plan to boost our presence in Tokyo by using our Group- wide relationship banking service to beef up our support for corpo- rate customers whose businesses are in a growth phase. In particular, Higashi-Nippon Bank will be rebuilding its business model in an effort to become a bank that contributes to the growth of SME customers.
▶P51: The Business Improvement Plan by Higashi-Nippon Bank
25
FY18
approx.1.5x
in 3 years
Medium-term Management Plan strategy
We will assist with financing and strengthen our Group-wide solu- tions provision system. The Financial Solutions Department estab- lished in April 2019 at the Bank of Yokohama’s head office solves issues for both corporate and retail customers, which has centralized and enhanced direct sales functions from the head office to custom- ers. Higashi-Nippon Bank is also increasing the number of solution sales staff at the head office and bolstering support for opening busi- nesses. We are also providing new solutions such as personnel place- ment, and development of Internet services for corporations that have job consultation and information provision functions.
FY21
FY21
    Kanagawa
Loan balance: approx. ¥8.4trn (Share: approx.30%)
Deposit balance: approx. ¥13.1trn
Tokyo
Loan balance: approx. ¥3.7trn (Share: approx. 2%)
Deposit balance: approx. ¥1.0trn
BOY 25 branches HNB 53 branches
Corporate solutions income (two banks combined)
 (¥bn)
  BOY HNB
177 branches 8 branches
Non-credit related Credit related
10.0
2.0 8.0 FY18
approx.1.5x
 in 3 years mainly non-credit areas
  Bank of Yokohama
HIGASHI- NIPPON BANK
Strengthen community-based sales under the district-based division system
• A division manager is appointed to offer optimal solutions to customers
• Solutions Sales Dept. was established at BOY H.O. Enhance relationship banking as a group
1 2
Management meetings
Management feedback
4 3
Total corporate customers: Approx. 250,000
Borrowers provided with solutions approx. 4,000 companies
Enhance
Direct sales by H.O.
Branches
Enhance
Web-based service
FY21
Enhance
HQ
Group companies
External experts
       Initiatives
Provide optimal solutions through business evaluation
Corporate customer base
Enhance Group-wide solution offering capabilities
             Geography Branch/channel Service Approach
Resource allocation to Tokyo Consolidation/downsizing Deposits, loans and solutions Becoming a main bank
Analysis
Internal discussion
Borrowers
Existing other borrowers approx.18,000 companies
Co-work
 Business areas
• Capex • Recap.
• Channel expansion • Diversification
• Business succession
• Overseas expansion, etc.
approx. 230,000 companies
Diverse customer needs
Existing other depositors
 (Bank of Yokohama)
    Current
External environment
• Loan-deposit margin keeps shrinking following BOJ’s negative interest rate policy
• Shrinking and aging population
• Increase of substantially unlevered companies
• Digital technology advancement
• Further globalization
• Entry from other industries
• Bank deregulation
Opportunities / Risk
Market size
Less impacted by population decline SMEs concentration
Market characteristics
High concentration of HNWIs interested in wealth management services Abound with good companies
High inflow of young generation
Mix of corporate customers in various growth phase
Value to offer = One-step solution to support growth
Corporate customers
• Hybrid debt/equity financing support
• Support asset management
• Sales channel expansion Support for talent retention • Business succession/M&A support
• Overseas expansion support
• Management consulting
Retail customers
• Inheritance tax measures • Assumption of owned
company shares
• Effective use of real estate • Asset management
• Will
• Trust
• Account opening/payment • Mortgage loan
• Special purpose loan
• Savings
• Investment trusts/insurance
 25 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 26
Enhance
▲▲▲▲

                                                                                                             Value creation for customers
■ Enhanced solutions sales for HNWIs
Vision (No.)
Over 2,000 txns. (¥bn) 12.1
■ Enhanced solutions sales for customers in wealth formation phase
Vision
In the retail market of Kanagawa/Tokyo with a high inflow rate of youth population, provide overarching solutions to customers at different life events.
Medium-term Management Plan strategy
Looking ahead to the age of centenarians, we plan to provide a full lineup of financial services to support customers’ life events such as marriage, education, and inheritance. We also approach customers in areas outside of finance by capturing the material, personal, and experiential needs beyond financial needs. We will expand our ser- vices for senior citizens that are based around the concept of finan- cial gerontology, and take other steps to contribute to solving problems faced by regional communities. In addition, to increase customer access points we will improve our smartphone apps and contact centers, upgrade branch consultation spaces, and provide overarching solutions to wealth formation phase of approximately three million people.
A gateway product for customers in wealth formation phase. Achieve high- er operational efficiency by RPA, etc. (¥bn)
Increase offerings through enhanced Web-based promotion
    Restructure the sales framework for HNW customer base built on providing loans and offer one-stop and optimal solutions.
Medium-term Management Plan strategy
We have built a system that can provide a one-stop service for solu- tions sales to retail customers by combining the functions of loan and investment managers, which had previously been split. We have also established a Wealth Manager for HNWIs to facilitate long-term relationships with customers and a system that can pro- vide an advanced private-banking service. The Bank of Yokohama also plans to start handling money trusts to meet the need for cen- tral management of financial assets and investment in the age of centenarians.
Over ¥3.4 trn (¥bn)
Approx. ¥100bn
No. of signed money trusts BOY’s new service
Retail solutions income (two banks combined)
Average balance of mortgage loan
Growth Strategy for Value creation
  Balance of special purpose loan
      FY19
FY20
in 3 years
*Total of investment product sales and consulting related fees
Group AUM balance
in 3 years
approx. 2x
FY21 FY18
FY21
approx.1.2x
3,149.0
FY18
57
FY18
   FY21
FY21
  (¥bn)
2,600.0
FY21
Accumulation-type investment trust (No. of accounts)
From a long perspective of wealth formation, increase offering of accumulation-type investment trust
(10,000 8.1 accounts)
  2,247.7
FY18
In FY2021
over ¥2.6trn
3.9
FY18
    in 3 years
over 2x
  FY21
   One-stop solution offerings from sales restructuring
Co-Work
HNW customer base
Overarching solutions at different life events
    H.O.
Group companies
External expert
Increase solutions offerings to HNWIs built on providing loans to wealthy family
Financial services
+
Capture customer needs beyond the above
More accessible points
    Account opening/payment
 Mortgage loan
 Special purpose loan
 Savings
 Investment trusts/insurance
 Customers in wealth formation phase*
approx. 3,000,000
 H.O.-based
Wealth Manager
New
Team of professionals for HNW customers
Build mid-to-long term relationship
with ultra HNWIs and customize services to their needs
Enhance
Direct channel
• Mobile apps. • Web-based promotion • Contact center, etc.
 Changes in HNW customers
  Tokyo
Kanagawa
  Hamagin Tokai Tokyo Securities Hamagin Research Institute Sky Ocean Asset Management
+approx.40% in 3 years
+approx.10% in last 3 years
Overarching solutions at different life events
Child birth / rearing Education
Home ownership
Post- retirement
emergency savings
  Expanded function
(1,000 companies)
3.6
FY15
5.1
FY18
(10,000 companies)
10.3
FY15
11.4
FY18
Marriage
Car ownership
    Branch-based
Financial Consultant
One-stop solution for investment / loan needs
A single contact point for invest- ment and loan needs of HNWIs
Enhance
Real channel
• In-branch consultation space • B to E transactions, etc.
  *Customers in their 20s - 50s
   Creating value for customers
 Business equity loans
To support financing for corporate customers, we offer business equity loans, that can regard borrowings as capital depending on the period of the loan, for customers whose businesses have high profitability and growth potential and have a need to raise capital, and customers whose actual repayment amounts and cash flow do not match.
We are working to improve the customer experience by upgrading con- tact centers that serve as a point of contact with customers.
When a call is received at the Bank of Yokohama’s head office, the tele- phone number allows the bank to identify the customer and draw upon personal data stored at the bank (age, family structure, transaction status, etc) to ascertain products and services that the customer might be inter- ested in. The call is then automatically connected to operators that spe- cialize in these products and services via Intelligent Routing. The Bank of Yokohama has also introduced a web chat service on its homepage to al- low customers to ask questions to specialist operators on the Internet.
  27 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 28
Contact center

    Sustainability management
 Concordia Financial Group aims to serve as a bridge between all shareholders, achieving sustainable growth and development along with the regional bank by undertaking corporate activities that can help resolve social issues.
In September 2015, the United Nations unanimously adopted the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). To- gether with achieving these ideals and goals, by the target date for the SDGs of 2030 and beyond, we will contrib- ute to creating a sustainable society while taking initiatives to solve social issues such as growing the economy, building communities and preserving the environment.
   Growth Strategy for Value creation
   Initiatives to achieve the SDGs.
Concordia Financial Group positions the environment, children, lo- cal communities, and governance as four key themes, and we have identified social issues related to these areas that our Group should tackle.
Bank of Yokohama has set up an SDGs promotion officer, as well as an SDGs committee chaired by the company president to pro- mote SDGs related policies throughout the organization, review so- cial issues that should be prioritized, and consider various policies and follow up on the status of their implementation.
   ➂ continue to be an appealing company where employees can work with pride; and
➃ grow sustainably and enhance our corporate value.
 Our priorities
Sustainable corporate growth Regional revitalization Digitalization in finance
  ◦ CSR activities through our core business
◦ Solutions offerings through business evaluation
◦ Participation in regional development
◦ Digital-driven financial services
◦ Collaboration with companies,
local governments and universities
◦ SDGs private placement bond/
loan
◦ Social impact bond
  ◦ In-house CSR activities
  ◦ CSR activities such as volunteering, donations, and sponsorships
◦ Participation in local activities
 Demographic crisis Response to 100-year life
 ◦ Wealth formation support ◦ Wealth succession support ◦ Gerontology fund
 ◦ Set up an in-company nursery
 ◦ Further promotion of financial literacy
◦ Culture and art activities for children
 Global warming/
Climate change mitigation
 ◦ Support for eco-business promotion ◦ Environmental considerations in
investment and loan
 ◦ Environmental burden reduction
 ◦ Environmental conservation activities
 Work style reform, Diversity promotion, Measures/compliance against financial crime
 ◦ Strengthening measures for money laundering
◦ Talent development
◦ Support for various working styles ◦ Promotion of women’s participa-
tion and advancement in the workplace
   SDGs initiatives
                                                                                                                 Management Philosphy
As a financial group that is trusted by customers and indispens- able to its region, we will:
➀ contribute to the customers’ affluent lives and growing businesses;
➁ assist in the sustainable development of regional society;
Key themes
Local communities
Identifification of social issues to be solved
next generation       Environment     Governance
                    29 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 30
Identification of corporate behavior to be practiced
Basic policy
Actions under MTM Plan

 Living with the communities
Creating an affluent and sustainable society
■ Initiatives to vitalize tourism
We have engaged in joint private-public endeavors to revi- talize tourism, such as through the use of the Kanagawa Tourism Revitalization Fund, which is financed by the Bank of Yokohama and the Regional Economy Vitalization Cor- poration of Japan (REVIC), to assist with the opening of Fujiya Ryokan in Yugawara-machi and Restaurant Cocon in Kamakura, which offers lodging in a restored old-Japanese style house.
■ Realizing a cashless society
Cashless settlement services are becoming increasingly popular worldwide. The government aims to increase the ratio of cashless pay- ment’s in Japan from the current 20% to 80% in order to improve payment efficiency and capture inbound consumption.
Bank of Yokohama supports the introduction of cashless systems and data use for retail stores and shopping centers through smart- phones using Hama-Pay.
■ Sustainable growth for regional economies District-based division system
Bank of Yokohama abolished its former block sales head- quarters system in April 2018 and introduced a new dis- trict-based division system allowing us to work more closely with local communities, with two districts (main, Tokyo / other prefectures) and five regions (East, Central, West, South, Kawasaki).
Under the district-based division system, a division manager is assigned as the head of each district / region and is tasked with devising regional strategies to address the various issues and needs of the area, planning and putting into place the measures needed to achieve the strategy, as well as carrying on and deepening the Ham- agin 10 Years After Project.
Hamagin 10 Years After Project.
Tokyo/other prefectures
Central
West
Kawasaki
Bank of Yokohama assisted an agricultural corporation in the opening of a famer’s restaurant in Fujisawa City, providing con- sultation services from the project’s con- ception, as well as application procedures for the National Strategic Special Zone, fi- nancing, and the advice and business matching necessary for running a restau- rant.
Impact on regional
communities
◦ Creating employment through the sixth industrialization
◦ Invigorating regional economies via business expansion
Matching financing and business Support for opening businesses
Environmental impact
◦ Local production for local consumption reduces food miles and cuts CO2 emissions
To develop affluent and sustainable local communities,
Bank of Yokohama will go beyond just supporting the
implementation of measures laid out by the government,
and independently identify problems the region could face ten years from now, proactively moving to propose and implement measures that will enable us to achieve our vision of the bank ten years on. A specific example of this is the conclusion of a “coordination and collab- oration agreement for economic revitalization of Miura Peninsula Region” with Keikyu Corporation and NTT Docomo, which aims to revi- talize industry and marine leisure activities in an area facing the challenges of a declining and aging population.
Industry-academic collaboration with local universities
Bank of Yokohama has concluded a comprehensive agreement for cooperation with Yokohama National University and other local univer- sities. We provide research support for the universities and also offer onsite courses in financial systems and monetary policy, which provide an opportunity to learn about knowledge useful in the field.
produce in a buffet style.
31 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 32
East
Strict regulations govern the construc- Main tion of new buildings on farmland, but the restaurant was certified as a special zone by satisfying conditions such as producing its main ingredients in-house and procure- ment from the city. The restaurant is built on farmland using elements of old Japa- nese-style housing from Kanagawa Prefec- ture, and serves a menu featuring local
South
▶P23 TopicsII Along with digital technology, “to a new financial company”
Example of ESG regional finance: Support for opening farmer’s restaurant
Contribute to achiev- ing SDGs
Impact on business
operators
◦ Securing new earnings sources by opening restaurants
◦ Expand sales channels and improve presence of in-house produced crops
Growth Strategy for Value creation

                                                                                                             Creating a society for the next generation
Consideration for the environment
Growth Strategy for Value creation
          Gearing up for a society with a shrinking and aging population in the era of centenarians
Protecting our environment for future generations
      ■ Assisting with wealth formation in the era of centenarians Wealth formation support
We offer information about accumulation-type NISA as a product that will enable custom- ers to pass on assets to the next generation of children by building up wealth over the lon- ger term, as well as providing an extensive lineup of products geared toward the era of centenarians.
We also offer consultation services for inheritance and asset succession, to assist with the smooth transition of assets to the next generation.
Supporting greater financial literacy and children’s growth
Economic and financial education
We believe it is our responsibility as a regional financial institution to work toward building financial literacy in the community. Our branches offer students at nearby elementary and junior high schools the opportunity to experience the workplace, as well as school visits to help educate children about finance.
We host the Kanagawa Tournament Economics Koshien for high school students every year.
We also provide support for children in the fields of sport and science
Higashi-Nippon Bank co-sponsors the Little League East Kanto League and Major Ibaraki Tournament.
The Bank of Yokohama supports the “Bank of Yokohama Cup Kanagawa School Children Rubber-Ball Baseball Tournament” as the title sponsor, as well as cooperating with soccer and basketball teams and others to hold a variety of events.
In addition, as a naming rights sponsor of the Hamagin Space Science Center, we host the “Hamagin Kids Science” program that offers hands-on learning for elementary school students, providing children a place to learn about the wonders of space and science.
■ Charity fund raising activities for children in developing countries
We will participate in the NPO TABLE FOR TWO International’s TABLE FOR TWO (TFT) project at the Bank of Yokohama’s head of- fice staff cafeteria. TFT is a system in which employees enjoy a healthy meal at the staff cafeteria, with 20 yen of each bill used as a donation to provide meals for children in Africa and Asia.
■ Environmental preservation through our core business SDGs private placement bonds
“Hamagin SDGs private placement bonds ~MIRAIHE(for future)~” is a product in which the Bank of Yokohama donates 0.1% of the issuance amount of corporate customers’ privately-placed bonds. Donations are made to five organizations which adhere to the theme laid out in the Kanagawa SDGs Initiatives, and are used to resolve social issues such as microplastic problems, address- ing ill-health, and the local production of energy for local consumption.
The first donation of approximately ¥500m was presented in July 2019.
Purchase of sustainability bonds
The Japan Railway Construction, Transport and Technology Agency issued the first ever “sustainability bond” on the domestic bond market to raise funds for the development of transportation infrastructure that is indispensable for regional communities while reducing the burden on the environment. The Bank of Yokohama announces our investment in this bond, in recognition of its impact on improving the environment and contribution to solving social issues.
■ Corporate activities Hamagin forest
The Bank of Yokohama endorses the Kanagawa Forest 50 Year Restoration Plan, which seeks to preserve the rich bounty of Kanagawa’s forests for the next generation. We use donations from CSR environmental private placement bonds as a partner in efforts to re- store the forests. As part of this activity, we acquired the naming rights of the forest owned by the prefecture on the banks of Lake Tanzawa and named it “Hamagin no Mori(forest)”.
Reducing use of paper and plastics
We have starting using a new material called LIMEX as a substitute for paper for various items including our SDGs booklets and handheld fans for customers in consideration of the environmental problems facing the world, such as deforestation and water shortages.
The Bank of Yokohama headquarters is also taking initiatives such as eliminating the use of plastic straws and shopping bags.
Sustainable seafood
In a first for a domestic bank, sustainable seafood* will be introduced on the menu of the staff cafeteria at the Bank of Yokohama’s head office. We aim to spark a change in employee awareness and behavior toward food by introducing sustainable marine products in the face of the acute deterioration of marine habitats as illegal and excessive fishing and ocean pollution exhaust marine resources.
(*) “Sustainable seafood” is made from fish caught with methods that do not result in overfishing or destruction of the natural environment. We use natural marine products that are caught with consider- ation for marine resources and the environment, and aquaculture products that are grown with minimal impact on the environment and society.
 ■
   33 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 34

                                                                                                             Communication for Stakeholders
and requests in our management and operating strategies.
■ Communication with customers
Initiatives to improve customer satisfaction
We take on feedback and requests concerning staff performance and our services through our branches and the Internet in an effort to become a fi- nancial group chosen by customers. In FY18, we conducted group inter- views for customers, including users of other financial institutions, and endeavored to make use of these frank opinions in our services.
Declaration of fiduciary duty
We have established a declaration of fiduciary duty that sets out our respon- sibility to act in the best interests of customers in efforts that support lon- ger-term wealth formation for customers. We have formulated a detailed plan of action to put this declaration into practice in all Group companies. We will regularly conduct customer satisfaction surveys regarding employee performance and our wealth formation and investment services, and work to build a system that takes customer feedback into account.
External evaluation
The Bank of Yokohama and its group company Hamagin Tokai Tokyo Securi- ties acquired an R&I Customer-oriented Investment Trust Sales Company Rating from Rating and Investment Information, Inc. This is an objective evaluation from a neutral third-party assessing the degree to which a com- pany’s sales of investment trusts reflect a customer-oriented approach.
Providing optimal Investment products
Provide information to customers
Asset formation and operation support close to customers
Customer feedback and needs
Appropriate management of conflicts of interest
Developing and securing human resourse
Establishing a system that prioritizes customer satisfaction
Feedback from shareholders and investors
Aggregation and analysis at the Board of Directors
Improve management and measures
Growth Strategy for Value creation
    As a financial group chosen by all stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, and regional communities, the Concordia Financial Group seeks to provide appropriate communication and robust information disclosure to all its stakeholders, and earnestly reflect feedback
■ Communication with shareholders and investors
We place importance on opportunities for dialogue with sharehold- ers and investors. We have therefore established policies on system development and initiatives to promote constructive dialogue, and strive to actively communicate and improve internal systems.
In FY18, we held a briefing for institutional investors after an- nouncing financial results (full-year and interim results). The video for the briefing is available on our website. We also held separate interviews in Japan and overseas (Europe, North America, Asia), as well as small-scale meetings. We used the Internet to provide more information for retail investors, such as online briefing sessions.
The opinions of shareholders and investors ascertained during these dialogues are reported and shared by the representative di- rector to the board of directors and the management team in a timely manner for reference in management.
We strive to make the annual general shareholders meeting held in late June every year easy for shareholders to understand, such as by showing videos on sustainability initiatives and presenting busi- ness reports. We held the third annual general shareholders meet- ing this year on June 19 at the Yokohama Royal Park Hotel, in which 246 people attended.
We will continue to hold dialogues with shareholders and inves- tors, and endeavor to clearly explain the Group’s businesses and fi- nancial situation.
 Provision and disclosure of information
 ▪Investor presentation ▪Information meeting ▪Information for retail investors
 ▪Announcement of the Financial Results ▪General Shareholder’s meeting
 ▪Integrated report
▪Disclosure Report (interim result) ▪Annual Report
                   Bank of Yokohama
Hamagin Tokai Tokyo Securities
Information meeting
Online briefing sessions for retail investors
   Responding to customer feedback     Concordia Financial Group’s disclosure policy
We actively seek to improve our business operations by collecting feed- back and requests from customers at branch teller windows, our homep- age on the Internet, and customer feedback cards.
Putting customer feedback into action
ATM cash card magnetic failure repair service,
real-time congestion status, bank counter congestion forecast calendar, branch visit reservations via the Internet (some branches)
Hamagin DONICHI bank
The Group strives to provide robust information disclosure on its opera- tions so that depositors and other customers, shareholders, local commu- nities and other stakeholders can make appropriate decisions when choosing to make transactions with the Group and invest in the
company’s shares. We plan to further enhance the transparency of our operations as a financial group that conducts business in a fashion that in- spires trust from our stakeholders. We disclose information in accordance with procedures outlined in our disclosure policy.
 Customers
 Opinions · requests
Sales office Customer feedback cards Homepage
 Headquarters
 Collecte and analyze customer
feedback
  Product and service improvement
  35 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 36

                                                                                                             Organization and Talent Development for sustainable growth
The management base for sustainable growth
    In order to continue to be an appealing company where em- ployees can work with pride, Concordia Financial Group aims to transform into a highly productive organization by maximiz- ing addressable capabilities of various talents, building a corpo- rate culture encouraging new challenges and career growth opportunities.
A key initiative in our Medium-term Management Plan start- ing in FY19 is “robust organization and talent development for sustainable growth”, through which we hope to improve en- gagement and motivation at work.
Talent development
◦Develop and allocate best staff to meet customer expectations and gain trust
“Enhanced solutions sales” is another key initiative in our Medium-term Management Plan. To meet the diversifying needs of customers, we plan to 1) focus on training personnel to improve problem-solving capability, 2) develop talents/recruit talents for improving fund management and expanding overseas offices and 3) develop compensation framework for highly professional talents.
To help enhance career development, we are offering MBA study abroad, a trainee system inside and outside the bank, a system for posting to the headquarters specialized section, dispatching to companies inside and outside the group, and other initiatives designed to develop high- ly specialized staff. We will also build a framework for talent portfolio management and strategic allocation, and the systematic development of executive candidates.
Highly productive organization
◦Maximize addressable capabilities of various talents to transform into a highly productive organization
We are taking steps toward improving the work environment for employees to promote work style reform. Supporting the development of a healthy work-life balance and flexible and efficient working patterns for employees will create an organization in which our diverse human re- sources can play an active role. We aim to become a financial group that customers choose because our staff make effective use of the time thus freed up and are able to take the initiative to come up with and act on new ideas.
A corporate culture encouraging challenges/growth oppotunities.
◦Build a corporate culture encouraging new challenges and career growth opportunities
Bank of Yokohama has assigned a full-time lecturer to provide training in various of opera- tions at its Financial Business School, which manages all education and training. In addi- tion, systematic and planned training is provided for young employees, part-timers, managers, and executives. This includes intensive courses such as “the Hamagin KEIEI- JUKU(Management School)”, which is aimed at developing the leadership and manage- ment skills, essential for driving forward the entire organization, of upcoming branch and other managers.
Higashi-Nippon Bank revised its training system in FY17, improving the training offered by course and rank in order to strengthen sales and management skills. It is also beefing up customer protection and compliance training to firmly establish an ethos of legal com- pliance and develop bank-wide awareness of these issues.
The Bank of Yokohama and Higashi-Nippon Bank are also conducting joint training and dispatching trainees to bolster intergroup staff exchanges.
◦Improving engagement
In order to create a company where employees can work with pride, we regularly conduct an employee engagement survey to understand what employees find to be motivating and rewarding and the organizational factors that affect this. We survey employee views on the characteristics of the job, the work environment, and their sense of fulfillment, and use these results to derive indicators such as the Employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS) and outlook for the company. We then use these indicators to inform future personnel measures, in an effort to create a workplace where staff can work more enthusiastically. We have also introduced an employee shareholding scheme that assists planned asset for- mation for employees and provides them with a sense of participation in management by paying incentives commensurate with the amount of funding and by regularly promoting the system.
Recognized as a White 500 company that practices outstanding health and productivity management
Acquired the highest Eruboshi ranking as company that promotes female participation and advancement in the workforce
Accredited as a Kurumin childcare support employer
Included in the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index as a company that promotes a high level of gender diversity
     Acheive flexible and efficient ways to work and reduce overall working hours
 Introduction of Flex-Time System
In order to achieve ways of working that are flexible and effi- cient, we are introducing a flex-time system in which employ- ees themselves can select starting and ending times for their work that fit their own life styles and the status of operations.
Introduction of Telework
We are introducing Telework in planning and management operations at the headquarters as a flexible way of working re- gardless of location and time using tablet devices.
 Promote work-life balance
 Introduction of a work-interval system
We have established a work-interval system that gives employ- ees 11 hours rest between work shifts to ensure they can re- fresh their mind and body, maintain health, and achieve a work-life balance.
Introduction of annual leave on an hourly basis
From the perspective of achieving a work-life balance, we are introducing a system that allows staff to take leave in hourly units for a maximum of five days a year.
Measures we provide to support continued employment include
a childcare leave system, subsidies for childcare expenses, and a
ratio of female administrators was 28.7% (at end-March 2019, two administrators Proportion of women
(Note) THE INCLUSION OF Concordia Financial Group IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSE- MENT OR PROMOTION OF Concordia Financial Group BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES.
THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
 (At end-March 2019)
BOY
HNB
total
curriculum to support returning to work after childcare leave. The Proportion of women
32.8%
12.1%
311
19.3% 28.7%
6.1% 10.3%
 banks combined), achieving the 25% target for end-March 2021 administrators
ahead of schedule. Number of Persons taking parenting leave
53 364
  37 CONCORDIA Financial Group
▶P96 ESG-Related Data
    Hamagin Business Challenged
Hamagin Business Challenged, a subsidiary of the Bank of Yokoha- ma, was founded in April 2019 with the aim of employing people with disabilities. The company contributes to the development of the regional community by expanding employment opportunities for people with disabilities. It achieves this by creating a working environment in which staff can enjoy job satisfaction and unleash their full potential. It uses a different system to the bank itself, tai- lored to the needs of people with disabilities, including the work content, personnel systems, and recruitment methods.
Health and productivity management
The Bank of Yokohama Health and productivity Declaration under- lines our efforts to help employees achieve their full potential through initiatives involving health management. We have estab- lished a Health & Productivity Management Promotion Liaison to practice health and productivity management across all depart- ments, set up a health management center in the head office, intro- duced private consultations with occupational physicians for staff that work long hours, set up a work-interval system to promote work style reform, and taken other steps to maintain and improve em- ployee health. Moving forward, we plan to address lifestyle-related diseases by setting up consultation desks aimed at improving eating habits, expanding health management education, and increasing opportunities for regular health checkups.
CONCORDIA Financial Group 38

                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
  I.Basic Views
With the objective of the promotion of sustainable growth and increasing corporate value over the medium to long term of the Company Group (hereinafter referred to as the “Group”), the Company defines the “Basic Policy on Corporate Governance,” which defines policies and a framework to achieve effective corporate governance. The Company shall continuously review the ideals of corporate governance, and work to- ward its enrichment.
Based on its “management philosophy,” the Company shall secure fairness, transparency and speed for decision-making for various stake- holders, including shareholders, customers, employees and local communities, creating a corporate governance structure appropriate for a re- gional financial group.
The Company has adopted a system of a company with Audit & Supervisory Board, and main business management organizations regarding decision-making, execution of business, and supervision in management.
Board of Directors: Make key decisions on management plans and business policy, and provide effective management supervision Auditors and Auditing Board: Audit the legality and validity of directors’ business execution
Management Conference: Discuss and make decisions on strategies and important items for business execution based on the basic pol-
icies / management plan set out by the Board of Directors
Remuneration and Personnel Committee: Deliberate on remuneration and appointments of directors and executives
    Board of Directors 7
Independent Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory 5 Board
Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Directors / 12 Audit&Supervisory
Woman officer
Compensation & 3 Nomination Committee
Independent Outside Director
    3323
  II.Directors /Audit&Supervisory
■ Approach to appointments
Directors
Following the deliberations of the Compensation & Nomination Committee, an optional committee, the Board of Directors shall deliberate based on views on the composition of the Board of Di- rectors and nominate candidates for Directors.
Candidates for Outside Directors shall be nominated from among persons who fulfill the following conditions.
1. Persons who satisfy the criteria for independence stipulated by the
Company, and for whom there is no fear of a conflict of interest arising
with general shareholders.
2. Persons with substantial experience and deep insight in areas such as
corporate management, fiscal and monetary affairs, economics, ac-
counting, tax, and law.
3. Persons who, based on their own experience and insight, may provide
timely and appropriate opinions and advice to Directors and manage- ment team from the perspective of promoting the sustainable growth of the Group and contributing to the enhancement of corporate value over the medium to long term.
In addition, we have formulated a succession plan and systematically
train the Group’s senior management, in light of the importance of pro- viding a structured training path for potential new leaders.
成長を支える経営基盤
Audit&Supervisory
After receiving the consent of the Audit & Supervisory Board, the Board of Directors shall deliberate and nominate candidates for Au- dit & Supervisory Board Members
Candidates for Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members shall be nominated from among persons who fulfill the following condi- tions.
1. Persons who satisfy the criteria for independence stipulated by the
Company, and for whom there is no fear of a conflict of interest arising
with general shareholders.
2. Persons with substantial experience and deep insight in areas such as
corporate management, fiscal and monetary matters, economics, ac-
counting, tax, and law.
3. Taking into consideration the fact that their appointment is required
from the perspective of further enhancing the neutrality and indepen- dence of audit systems, persons who, based on their own experience and insight, may be expected to form and express audit opinions in a timely and appropriate manner, and thereby ensure the sound, sustain- able growth of the Group and contribute to the enhancement of cor- porate value over the medium to long term.
■ Reasons for Appointment as Outside Director
The management base for sustainable growth
  Corporate Governance Systems
The Company has adopted a system of a company with Audit & Supervisory Board, and main business management organizations regarding deci- sion-making, execution of business, and supervision in management.
 General meeting of shareholders
 Nomination for directors and Audit &Supervisory Board Members
 Auditors and Auditing Board Audit the legality and validity of directors’ business execution
  Board of Directors
Make key decisions on manage- ment plans and business policy, and provide effective management supervision
(Remuneration and Personnel Committee) Deliberate on remuneration and appointments of directors and executives
  Management Conference
Discuss and make decisions on strategies and important items for business execution based on the basic policies / management plan set out by the Board of Directors
Compliance Conference
   Group Management Audit Conference
ALM/Risk Management Conference
 Group Sales Strategy Conference
 Administration/
IT System Strategy Conference
    Office of Audit & Audit Corporate Planning ICT Management Risk Management Supervisory Board Department Department Department Department
   Name
 Reasons
 Minoru Morio
Minoru Morio possesses substantial experience and deep insight as a corporate manager, including having served as Executive Deputy President; Vice Chairman, Di- rector; and Vice Chairman, Director, Corporate Executive Officer of Sony Corporation. We believe that by utilizing this experience and insight, Mr. Morio will be able to provide timely, appropriate opinions and advice to Directors and the management term,and have therefore appointed him as a Director.
  Naoko Nemoto
Naoko Nemoto possesses substantial experience and deep insight gained as a financial professional involved for many years in primarily rating and auditing opera- tions concerning financial institutions, at Standard & Poor’s Ratings Japan K.K. We believe that by utilizing this experience and insight, Mr. Morio will be able to pro- vide timely, appropriate opinions and advice to Directors and the management term,and have therefore appointed him as a Director.
 Mitsuru Akiyoshi
 Mitsuru Akiyoshi possesses substantial experience and deep insight as a corporate manager including having served at Marubeni Corporation as Senior Managing Ex- ecutive Officer, Representative Director and then Senior Executive Vice President, Representative Director, before serving as Chief Executive Officer, Food & Consumer Products Group. We believe that by utilizing this experience and insight, Mr. Morio will be able to provide timely, appropriate opinions and advice to Directors and the management term,and have therefore appointed him as a Director.
  Kenjiro Noda
 Kenjiro Noda possesses substantial experience and deep insight as a manager of a financial institution, having served as Managing Director and Managing Executive Officer of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. He has also served as Deputy President and Representative Director of Daiwa Securities SMBC Co. Ltd. In order for him to utilize this experience and insight to contribute to the management of the Company, we have appointed him as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Mem- ber.
  Mizuho Ogata
 Mizuho Ogata possesses substantial experience and deep insight as real estate appraiser and representative of a corporation, having had years of experience as Repre- sentative Director of a real estate appraisal firm. She has also served as President of Japan Association of Real Estate Appraisers. In order for him to utilize this experi- ence and insight to contribute to the management of the Company, we have appointed him as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member.
 Keiichiro Hashimoto
 Keiichiro Hashimoto has held key posts at the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd. He has also served as Representative Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Finan- cial Officer of Mitsubishi Motors Corporation and Representative Director, Chairman and President of Metropolitan Expressway Company Limited. Accordingly he possesses substantial experience and deep insight as executive at a bank and corporate executive. In order for him to utilize this experience and insight to contribute to the management of the Company, we have appointed him as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member.
   39 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 40
Please refer to the “Reference Material for the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders” in the Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Group companies and “Ref- erence Material for the General Meeting of Shareholders” in the Notice of the 3rd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, which is posted on the Company’s website, in regard to reasons for nomination for directors and Audit &Supervisory Board Members. (https://www.concordia-fg.jp/e/stock/meeting/index.html)

    Issues identified in FY17 initiatives in FY18 evaluation of effectiveness initiatives in FY19
 Main agenda items in FY18
 Management plan
• New Medium-term Management Plan
(Basic strategies, numerical targets, policies by division, branch channel strategy, personnel strategy, needs of customers and local communities)
• Group business domains
• Basic policy regarding overseas strategy
• Sales of investment products
Items related to corporate governance
• Evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
• Risk appetite statement, risk appetite framework
• Status of handling of MEJAR transition project
• Direction of investigation into next-generation shared
use system / account systems
Basic policy on risk compliance
• Internal audits, compliance program
• Response to the business improvement order for
Higashi-Nippon Bank
 Evaluation Methods
In evaluating effectiveness in fiscal year 2018, while utilizing the following third-party perspectives, after implementing question- naires and interviews, we discussed issues to ensure the effective- ness of the Board of Directors and future initiatives and implemented a self-evaluation, the result of which was determined at the Board meeting in May 2019.
1. Questionnaire implemented by a third party, in order for the Di- rectors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members that make up the Board of Directors to ensure objectivity and anonymity
2. In addition to the questionnaire responses, to obtain a more concrete understanding, the Chairman of the Board conducts individual interviews with each Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member
3. After tabulating those results, at a regular meeting of the Board of Director held in May 2019, we discussed issues to ensure the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and future initiatives and implemented a selfevaluation.
Evaluation and Issue in FY2018
Based on the results of the fiscal year 2017 evaluation of the effectiveness, for important topics such as the Medium-term Management Plan, we took the time to conduct a step-by-step deliberation including narrowing down the topics of evaluation for discussion. Furthermore, by providing information and explanations of the materials ahead of time for the Outside Officers, we secured sufficient time for deliberation by the Board of Directors.
Through these initiatives to improve the operations of the Board of Directors, our evaluations have shown that the effectiveness of the Board of Directors has been well ensured. However, to highlight specific results and actions and to implement the PDCA cycle, we realized the need to enhance the supervisory and
Future initiatives and issues
1. To conduct operations of the Board of Directors in a manner cognizant of the need for “focusing on taking action” and “im- proving managerial efficiency,” reports are made as needed to the Board of Directors on the specific actions and results of mat- ters to be deliberated by the Board of Directors, enhancing su- pervisory and monitoring functions.
2. By further clarifying the division of roles among the Company and its subsidiaries, we select proposals to the Board of Directors from a Group perspective, conducting operations of the Board of Directors in a manner cognizant of “sustainably enhancing corporate value.”
monitoring functions of the Board of Directors.Moreover, while improvements have been made from the previous fiscal year in distributing the appropriate materials to the Board of Directors, we confirmed that there is room for further improvement and that further clarifying the division of roles among the Company and its subsidiaries is an issue.
Going forward, based on this evaluation of effectiveness, the Company’s Board of Directors has recognized the following three points as issues, and based on a sufficient evaluation of each issue, will continuously carry out initiatives to enhance the functions of the Board of Directors.
3. Regarding the materials for the Board of Directors, the required information will be evaluated, and by preparing the appropriate materials for discussion by Directors, we work to ensure thor- ough deliberation of the Board of Directors.
 Main items to be evaluated
Composition of the Board of Directors, provision of infor- mation, matters to be deliberated by the Board of Direc- tors, status of deliberation by the Board of Directors, renumeration and appointment of Directors, cooperation among executives, etc.
    Supporting System for Outside Directors and/or Audit & Supervisory Board Members
To ensure that Directors may obtain corporate information in a timely and appropriate manner, a responsible employee shall be assigned to the Corporate Planning Department, and he or she shall support the obtaining of information by Directors. To ensure that audits by Audit & Supervisory Board Members are effectively conducted, dedicated employees shall be assigned to the Office of Audit & Supervisory Board, and he or she shall support audit by Audit & Supervisory Board Members. We also provide opportunities for directors to obtain knowledge and in- formation, as well as advice from outside experts, so that they can fulfill their roles and responsibilities.
When Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members are appointed, opportunities shall be provided for them to acquire knowledge and information relating to the Group’s management philosophy, management policies, man- agement plans, business structure, etc. While securing coopera- tion between Outside Directors, Representative Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, the internal audit department
and the Accounting Auditors, the Company shall also endeavor to promote exchanges among Outside Directors and directors, etc. of the Group companies.
 FY18
 contents
 Visits to branches of subsidiaries
visits to Bank of Yokohama and Higashi-Nippon Bank branches, meetings with branch managers
 Study groups
 study groups led by outside experts
 External seminars
  information on external seminars
 Meetings with auditing firms
 meetings with auditors
  Meetings with auditing department and reports
explanations from auditing department
                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
III.Company Organization ■ The Board of Directors
The Board of Directors determines the range of issues on which it will deliberate based on regulations such as the Regulations on Board of Direc- tors. By making explicit the range of entrustment for organizations such as the Management Conference and the management team, the Board of Directors conducts decision-making on important issues e.g. corporate policies for the Group, which include management plans, matters relat- ed to governance, and basic policies regarding risk and compliance. This allows the Board of Directors to fulfill its supervisory function on man- agement with high effectiveness.
Effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Each year, the Company evaluates the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole, and by considering and implementing improvement policies for recognized issues, it works to enhance both the capabilities and effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
The management base for sustainable growth
    discussion of improvement strategy
issues identified
   41 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 42

                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
The management base for sustainable growth
   ■ The Audit & Supervisory Board Members and the Audit & Supervisory Board
V.Risk governance Introduction of Risk Appetite Framework
The Concordia Financial Group is introducing a Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) to monitor and clarify the type and amount of risk taken on during operations, while taking into account the balance of earnings, risk, and capital buffer. In formulat- ing the medium-term management plan and fiscal year bud- get, the board of directors decides on a Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) that sets out the types and amount of quan- titative risks and types of qualitative risks based on the RAF. We plan to optimize risk-return using RAF to constantly mon- itor the quantity of risk in the budget and the risk-return rela- tionship.
 The scope of duties of the Audit & Supervisory Board is established in the “Regulations on Audit & Supervisory Board,” and the Audit & Supervisory Board receives reports on important matters relating to auditing and discusses and decides on these matters. Based on audit policies and audit plans defined in the Audit & Supervisory Board, Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend important meetings such as Board of Directors meetings, evaluate the status of operations and assets, and view documents relating to import- ant management decisions.
■ Management Conference
From the viewpoint of securing effectiveness of audits, the Arti- cles of Incorporation stipulate that there shall be no more than five Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and that at least half must be Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members. In 19 June 2019, of the five Audit & Supervisory Board Members (four males, one fe- male), there are three Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
Risk Appetite
• Risk Asset • Risk Amount
   Based on basic policies and management plans determined by the Board of Directors, the Management Conference deliberates on and makes decisions on issues such as significant matters relating to business execution and strategies to enable the Group to execute business flexibly. Ad- ditionally, as required, it also engages in actions such as supplemental deliberations on matters resolved by the Board of Directors. Furthermore, for important matters related to the business execution of the Group, the following conferences are positioned as Management Conferences to conduct focused deliberations on their individual items of responsibility.
Budget Plan
• Consolidated net income
• ROE
Capital Plan
• CET1
  Compliance Conference
  The Compliance Conference discusses and determines the basic policy, etc. related to the Group’s overall compliance and customer protection and conducts monitoring of the conditions at subsidiaries.
 ALM/Risk Management Conference
In addition to discussing and determining the basic policy, plan, and key measures related to the Group’s ALM, integrated risk management, credit risk man- agement, market risk management, liquidity risk management, operational risk management, revenue management and the overall budget, the ALM/Risk Management Conference conducts monitoring of the conditions at subsidiaries.
 Group Sales Strategy Conference
  In addition to discussing and determining the Group’s basic policy, plan, and key measures related to the Group’s sales strategy and partner strategy, the Group Sales Strategy Conference conducts monitoring of the state of progress of the Medium-term Management Plan, etc.
 Administration/IT System Strategy Conference
In addition to discussing and determining the Group’s overall measures on administrative optimization and system and administrative process integration and the basic policy, plan, and key measures related to the IT strategy, the Administration/IT Systems Strategy Conference conducts monitoring of the state of prog- ress of the policies of subsidiaries.
 Group Management Audit Conference
  The Group Management Audit Conference discusses, determines, and reports on important matters related to internal audits as well as reporting on and dis- cussing matters related to the results of audits by Audit & Supervisory Board Members and internal audits.
    Overview of Risk Appetite Framework
  Capital plan
■ Create a capital plan to ensure the capital adequacy level including capital con- servation buffer under stress events.
Risk allocation
■ Risk appetite is set within the scope of risk capacity for risk assets and risk amounts, and monitored regularly.
Budget
■ For asset business, consider portfolio allocation within the group to deliver maximum return within the certain range of limited risk.
■ Consider accumulating non-asset business to maximize revenue.
  ■ Compensation & Nomination Committee
To ensure the fairness and transparency of the compensation and nomination of Directors and Executive Officers, we have estab- lished a voluntary Compensation & Nomination Committee com- posed of Outside Directors. This Committee deliberates on compensation and personnel matters of Directors and Executive Officers.
■ Internal Audit Department
The Board of Directors has established an Audit Department as an
organization independent from executive departments, and the Au- dit Department conducts internal audits of the effectiveness and ap- propriateness of internal management systems and internal controls.
IV.Executive compensation
Compensation for Directors, etc. comprises: “basic compensation”
paid monthly in accordance with roles and responsibilities; “bonus- es” paid largely in accordance with the achievement of business re- sults for a single fiscal year, and; “stock compensation” that involves using a trust to grant of payment (hereinafter referred to as “Granting, etc.”) of Company shares and cash in the amount equivalent to the conversion value of Company shares (hereinafter referred to as “Company shares, etc.”).
In regard to “stock compensation,” there are two types of trust: Trust I, where the Granting, etc. of Company shares, etc. is made after retirement according to job position, and; Trust II, where the
The members of Compensation & Nomination Committee
(Chairman) Minoru Morio (Director) Naoko Nemoto (Director)
Mitsuru Akiyoshi (Director)
(Note) Directors Minoru Morio, Naoko Nemoto, and Mitsuru Akiyoshi are Outside Directors pursuant to Article 2, item 15 of the Companies Act.
The Company’s Audit Department works to strengthen internal auditing functions by evaluating the internal audit status of the Group companies while also put a structure in place to ensure uni- form internal audits across the overall group.
Granting, etc. of Company shares, etc. is made after the end of the Medium-term Management Plan depending on the extent to which the performance targets of the Management Plan have been fulfilled.
The compensation of Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members comprises only “basic compensation,” which is paid monthly and does not constitute a system of compensation linked to business results. The Company has established the Com- pensation & Nomination Committee to ensure objectivity and transparency with respect to Director compensation, etc.
Medium-term Management Plan and Capital Policy based on Risk Appetite Framework
Capital and risk
■ Verify the impact on capital adequacy and net income under tail event stress scenarios such as and financial crisis.
■ Consider the balance of capital adequacy and risk asset/risk amount to enable stable divi- dend payment.
Risk and Revenue
■ Set the limit for risk asset and risk amount based on a stress scenario.
■ As part of group management, consider port- folio allocation that can deliver maximum re- turn within a certain range of limited risk.
   Main initiatives
 In formulating the Medium-term Management Plan, the RAS sets out “risks to accept” and “risks to avoid” in line with the plan’s 10 key ini- tiatives. Acceptable risks to support the key initiatives include financing for growth areas such as medical welfare and IT, foreign currency loans, housing loans, and financing for wealthy individuals that own abundant assets.
With regard to capital structure, we will use RAF to keep the CET1 ratio at about 12% while procuring Tier 2 capital, to maintain financial health and improve capital efficiency.
▶ P15 CFO message
   43 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 44

                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
The management base for sustainable growth
   Board Members
■ Directors
    Outside
   Representative Director, President
Kenichi Kawamura
Year of office 2016
Main career
Representative Director and President of The Bank of Yo- kohama, Ltd.
Year of office 2018
Main career
Representative Director and President of The Bank of Yo- kohama, Ltd. iccumbent
Year of office 2015
2019
Main career
Senior Executive Vice President, Representative Director of Marubeni Corporation Chief Executive Officer, Food & Consumer Products Group of Marubeni Corporation
Year of office 2018
Main career
Representative Director and President of The Higashi-Nip- pon Bank, Limited iccumbent
Year of office 2017
2018
Main career
Representative Director and Managing Executive Officer of The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Representative Director and Vice President of The Hi- gashi-Nippon Bank,Limited iccumbent
Main career
Managing Director and Research Fellow of Standard & Poor’s Ratings Japan K.K.
Economist of Asian Development Bank Institute iccumbent Director of The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Professor of Waseda Business School (Graduate School of Business and Finance) iccumbent
Year of office 2003
2013
Main career
Vice Chairman, Director, Corporate Executive Officer of Sony Corporation
Director of The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Year of office 2015
2016 2019
Director Yasuyoshi Oya
Director
Mitsuru Akiyoshi
   President & CEO of MG Leasing Corporation
iccumbent
 ■ Supervisory Board Members
Full-time
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Kazuhiro Maehara
   Year of office 2016
2018
Main career
Executive Officer and General Manager, Risk Manage- ment Department of The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd. Executive Officer and General Manager, Risk Manage- ment Department of the Company
Outside
    Full-time
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Yoji Maekawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Kenjiro Noda
  Year of office 2014
Main career
Senior Manager, Accounting Office, Corporate Plan- ning Department of the Bank of Yokohama
Outside
Year of office 2001
2003 2007
Main career
Managing Director and Managing Executive Officer of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Deputy President and Representative Director of Dai- wa Securities SMBC Co. Ltd.
Director and Chairman of ING Life Insurance Compa- ny, Ltd. (currently, NN Life Insurance Company, Ltd.)
Outside
    Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Mizuho Ogata
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Keiichiro Hashimoto
  Year of office 1983
2007 2011
Main career
Year of office 2001
2003
2010
2015 2019
Main career
Representative Director of Ogata Real Estate Appraisal Corporation iccumbent
President of Tokyo Association of Real Estate Appraisers President of Japan Association of Real Estate Appraisers
General Manager of the Global Business Department of Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd. Representative Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Mitsubishi Motors Corporation Representative Director, Chairman and President of Metropolitan Expressway Company Limited Audit&SupervisoryBoardMemberofHigashi-NipponBank iccumbent Vice Chairman & President, Representative Director of KEIZAI DOYU- KAI (Japan Association of Corporate Executives) iccumbent
    Director
Tomoo Ookanda
  Outside
Director
Yasutaka Nozawa
  Outside
  Director
Minoru Morio
Director
Naoko Nemoto
   Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officer Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Tadashi Komine Akira Yamashita Kouji Maruyama
 Executive Officer Executive Officer Executive Officer
Yutaka Awano Tatsuya Kataoka Mitsuyoshi Tanaka
 45 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 46

                                                                                                             Initiatives for Risk Management
The management base for sustainable growth
  ■ Basic Views
To minimize negative effects such as economic fluctuations and provide stable and continuous financial services as a financial group trusted by
regions, the Group positions risk management as an important management issue, and works toward its improvement.
■ Integrated Risk Management
1. Basic Views
The Group categorizes and manages overall group risk as “credit risk,” “market risk,” “liquidity risk,” “operational risk” and “reputa- tional risk.” Based on the above, the Group secures soundness of management through integrated identification, evaluation, moni- toring and controlling of risk as much as possible, including risks on the development, provisionand revision of products and ser- vices, as well as on external outsourcing. Furthermore, the system works to securestable profits corresponding to risk through the ap- propriate distribution of management resources.
2. Framework for Integrated Risk Management
■Securing Soundness by Capital Allocation
The Group measures the latent maximum loss (risk amount) of each risk type through indices such as VaR (Value-at-Risk), and to limit the risk amount to within the scope of core capital (risk toler- ance after deducting an amount equivalent to deferred tax assets, etc. from Common Equity Tier 1), capital allocation is conducted by risk type. Furthermore,the Group verifies the sufficiency of buf- fer (unallocated capital) to ensure that capital allocation does not exceed core capital when stressed.
■Securing Soundness by Stress Tests
To evaluate the sufficiency of the buffer (unallocated capital) and confirm the appropriateness of risk-taking, the Group defines stress scenarios and conducts stress tests to estimate losses and risk
  Credit risk
 Risk of loss owing to decline or elimination of as- set value at credit granting (borrowers) due to factors such as a deterioration in financial condi- tions
  Market risk
 Risk of loss owing to fluctuations in value of assets and liabilities held due to changes in various mar- ket risk factors such as interest rates and price of securities
  Liquidity risk
  Risk of loss owing to unforeseen outflow of funds (financing risk, market liquidity risk)
  Operational risk
Risk of loss stemming from inappropriate clerical work, system errors, noncompliance with laws and regulations, natural disasters or health issues of officers and employees
  Reputational risk
  Risk of loss resulting from the words or actions of the Group or officers and employees having a negative impact on the external reputation of the Group
  ■ Overview of Risk Management System
Based on the “Basic Regulations on Risk Management,” within the Group, the Company manages risk in an integrated manner across the overall group, and group companies establish a risk control di- vision and risk management division for each risk category. Specifi- cally, the Company provides required guidance to group companies and establishes the “ALM/Risk Management Conference
(the Management Conference comprised of officers)” to monitor, deliberate anddetermine upon various risks and risk for the overall group. Furthermore, group companies report the status of risk to the Company after conducting appropriate risk management ac- cording to its risk profile.
amounts across risk categories should a stress event occur. Further- more, stress scenarios are defined universally across the group, in consideration of rapid economic decline in the past and projections for the future changes in the environment.
■Enhanced Governance for Risk Management
To enhance governance of risk management in general, the Group introduced a Risk Appetite Framework in which the balance of rev- enue, risk, and capital is considered, and the type and amount of acceptable risk in management (risk appetite) is made clear and monitored.
▶ P44 Risk governance
      Audit & Supervisory Board
Office of Audit & Supervisory Board
Group Management Audit Conference
Audit Department
General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
Management Conference
(Compensation & Nomination Committee)
Crisis Committee
Audit & Supervisory Board
Office of Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit Department
The Company
Group companies
General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
Management Conference
    Compliance Conference
 ALM / Risk Management Conference
 Administration / IT System Strategy Conference
 Meeting bodies for the Higashi-Nippon Bank, Limited
• Management Conference • ALM Committee
• ORM Committee
• Compliance Committee
 Discussion and reporting
Management, supervision, guidance, and monitoring
               Risk Management Department
Risk Management Department
Corporate Planning Department ICT Management Department
Risk Management Department
Corporate Planning Department
Bank of Yokohama
Risk Management Department
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Risk Management Department
Bank of Yokohama
Risk Management Department
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Risk Management Department
Bank of Yokohama
Human Asset Department Business Strategy Department Risk Management Department ICT Planning & Promotion Department Operations Planning & Administration Department
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Personnel Department Corporate Planning Department Risk Management Department IT Planning & Administration Department
Operations Planning & Administration Department
                 Affiliates
Branches Financial market department Credit department
Bank of Yokohama
Financial market Department International Business Department Corporate Planning Department
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Financial Market Department Corporate Planning Department
Outsourcers Headquarters Departments Affiliates Branches
*Administrative, system, legal, tangible assets, and human resource risks
Meeting bodies for the Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
• ALM Conference
• Credit Portfolio Conference
• Operational Risk Conference
• Compliance Conference
• Business Improvement Conference
• Management Audit Conference
    Risk Management Department
Credit risk Liquidity risk Operational Reputational risk Market risk risk*
(Bank of Yokohama) Risk Management Department / (Higashi-Nippon Bank) Risk Management Department
Credit risk Liquidity risk Operational Reputational risk Market risk risk*
         Bank of Yokohama
General Planning Department
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Corporate Planning Department
   Outsourcers Headquarters Departments Affiliates Branches
     (1) Identify financial strength (risk
(2) Identify scales of loss in relation to frequency of occurrence for each risk
(3) Allocate capital while securing sufficient buffer capital
(4) Keeping risk exposure within the level of allocated capital
(5) Risk and return evaluation by segment, operations, etc.
tolerance)
Risk tolerance Large
Scale of loss
Average loss recorded on a regular basis (covered by income from each fiscal year)
Low Frequency of High occurrence
Securing management soundness
 Deferred tax assets, etc.
Common Equity Tier I
     Buffer (Unallocated Capital)
Allocated Capital
Additional impact, etc. when stressed
Market risk
Operational risk Liquidity risk Credit risk
Market risk
Operational risk Liquidity risk Credit risk
    Maximum loss that may be sustained with the frequency of occurrence of 0.1 percent
Return (risk-adjusted return)
   Core Capital
Small
Enhance profitability and efficiency
  47 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 48
Understand and manage the risks of the financial group as a whole

                                                                                                             Compliance Measures
■ Basic Policy
The Concordia Financial Group positions compliance as an important management issue, with executives and employees working together to
■ Compliance Program Design
CFG designs Compliance Programs as concrete plans put into ef-
fect annually to improve compliancy and ensure we meet our com- pliancy goals. The Compliance Program for 2019 focuses on ‘thorough compliance awareness and preparedness’, ‘implementa- tion of customer-first services’, ‘thorough management of informa- tion’, and ‘appropriate handling of anti-social elements and monetary crimes’.
■ Initiatives to prevent money laundering, etc. Financial institutions are increasingly exposed to the risk of becom-
ing involved in money laundering and the financing of terrorism due to the growing threat of terrorism worldwide, and the increas- ing spread and globalization of fund transfers by criminal groups and terrorists.
Naturally abides by basic items set out in laws and ordinances regulating the confirmation of transactions, such as the Act on Pre- vention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds and Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act. We also endeavor to be prepared for risks that change from time to time through work on effective “money laun- dering and terrorist financing measures”, thereby playing our part in maintaining the soundness of the financial system.
■ Elimination of Anti-social Influences
CFG is deeply aware of the importance that banks must place on their public mission and social responsibilities. CFG will never nego- tiate financing for anti-social elements that pose a threat to the or- der and safety of civil society. The organization as a whole will work towards the elimination of all relationships, including transactions with anti-social elements, and will take a firm stance against unjus- tified demands and intervention by such elements.
We are focusing on initiatives such as ‘consistent and unified measures as a group against money laundering and the provision of terrorist financing and for appropriate responses to antisocial forces and financial crime’.
The Bank of Yokohama’s anti-money laundering program has a plan that outlines the current state of the anti-money laundering system and what it sees as an ideal situation, and the steps neces- sary to reach that ideal. Based on this program, the system will identify and detect suspicious transactions, establish regulations for the prevention of bribery and corruption, conduct training for ex- ecutives and employees, and verify the effectiveness of Group com- pany Higashi-Nippon Bank’s money laundering risk management system.
More specifically, CFG has used this basic principle to formulate a Basic Policy on Anti-social Elements that aims to prevent damage from transactions or relationships with anti-social elements. Execu- tives and employees are made aware of company policies through workshops, and the Risk Management Departments of each group company work with legal counsels and public administration agen- cies such as law enforcement to prevent transactions and interac- tion with anti-social elements.
enhance the compliance system based on our Basic Compliance Policy.
■ Code of Compliance Operational Structure
A Chief Compliance Officer will be in charge of compliance related issues over the entire Concordia Financial Group. This Officer will be part of a Risk Management Department overseeing compli- ance-related issues, and provide guidance to the entire Group.
An annual Compliance Program is implemented based on the Basic Code of Compliance and a new principle of action is estab- lished to realize the compliancy goals for the entire Group. Compli- ancy conferences are held regularly and the current situation and
progress of compliancy related issues are monitored carefully and report to the Board of Directors to raise effectiveness.
Furthermore, CFG, The Bank of Yokohama, and The Higashi-Nip- pon Bank each have their own Compliance Hotlines to act as a whistle-blowing system to encourage early detection and rectifica- tion of any acts or behavior violating laws and compliance codes. Group executives and employees are able to use this hotline to consult directly on compliancy- related issues.
The management base for sustainable growth
     Concordia Financial Group / Board of Directors
Cooperation(Report, Instruction, Monitoring)
Report
Report
Concordia Financial Group / Audit and Supervisory Board
 Concordia Financial Group / Compliance Conference
 Development of Basic Code, Monitoring within the Group
 Concordia Financial Group / Internal Audit Department
     Bank of Yokohama Compliance Committee
Bank of Yokohama
Risk Management Department
Chief Compliance Officer
Cooperation(Report, Instruction, Monitoring)
Internal Report System “Compliance Hotline”
Higashi-Nippon Bank Compliance Committee
 Concordia Financial Group / Risk Management Department
    Higashi-Nippon Bank Compliance Management Department
 Instruction, Instruction, guidance guidance
   Internal Audits Monitoring
     Instruction, guidance
Instruction, guidance
Instruction, Instruction, guidance guidance
      Bank of Yokohama Each Department
Bank of Yokohama Affiliated Companies
Bank of Yokohama Branches
Higashi-Nippon Bank Each Department
Higashi-Nippon Bank Affiliated Companies
Higashi-Nippon Bank Branches
As of March 31, 2019
49 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 50
■ Efforts to strengthen the customer protection management system
CFG considers customer protection to be one of the most crucial areas in management and operation. All laws and regulations will be strictly followed from the customer perspective, and corporate activities will be conducted fairly and in good faith.
To protect customers and ensure thorough compliance, all em- ployees will receive e-learning and group training for their respec- tive duties and positions with themes such as fiduciary duty, management of customer information, abuse of a superior posi- tion, and conflict of interest management. We will also conduct in- formation security training for all employees based on the basic policies set out in the Security Policy to ensure the safety of our in- formation assets.
The Bank of Yokohama and The Higashi-Nippon Bank each have their own customer support office accepting consultations and complaints. CFG has entered into a basic agreement with the Japa- nese Bankers Association, a Designated Dispute Resolution Organi- zation under the Japan Banking Act. All customer conflicts are handled using the Financial ADR (Alternative Dispute Resolution) System, a system to resolve conflicts through third party involve- ment. As part of CFG’s efforts to protect personal information, we not only have our policy on the handling of personal information available on our homepage, but all executives and employees are notified of the various rules and regulations, and any subsequent modifications, on the appropriate handling of such information.

                                                                                                              The Business Improvement Plan by Higashi-Nippon Bank
The Higashi-Nippon Bank, in July 2018, received a business improvement order from the Kanto Local Finance Bureau aimed at reviewing and strengthening corporate governance following an FSA inspection of the bank that there is a problem with the bank’s attitude toward legal compli- ance, customer protection, and customer-oriented operations. We apologize for the inconvenience and concern we have caused our customers, shareholders, and other related parties. In August 2018, the Higashi-Nippon Bank formulated a Business Improvement Plan aimed at reviewing and strengthening its internal control system, and is steadily working to implement these measures. With the Concordia Financial Group’s supervi- sion and direction, the Higashi-Nippon Bank is strengthening its internal control system and management control system to ensure that such problems never arise again, making every effort to prevent a recurrence and win back the trust of its customers and the community.
About the situation of Business Improvement
With the help of the holding company, we will steadily work on the Business Improvement plan, and restructure our business model with the aim of be- coming recognized as a bank that contributes to the growth of SME customers.
  Implement the Business Improvement Plan
Rebuild the Business Model
   Holding company
Group Governance Strengthen-
ing Committee
 Monitoring
Progress management
Initiatives
External consultants
External directors (Hold. Co.)
External directors (banks) Executives of the holding company
Business areas Geography
Branch/channel Service Approach
Current
Kanto region
Mainly full-banking branches Mainly deposits and loans Focusing on new customers development
Future
Resource allocation to Tokyo Consolidation/downsizing Deposits, loans + solutions Becoming a main bank
   HNB
Management Improvement
Conference
Corporate vision
Transform into a bank which provides financial solutions to SMEs from their start-up throughout the transformation phase in a way to reassure business owners and contribute to business growth
          Implement the Business Improvement Plan
  Mindset reform
 KPIs
 Branch offices function enhancement
H.O. function enhancement
Talent development
1 Establish a Management Improvement Conference HNB
Overview of Business Improvement Order
Compliance framework Customer-oriented business operations
Internal audit framework
The board of directors will establish a Management Improvement Conference to ensure sound and appropriate business operations, investigate measures for dealing with various management issues, including improvement measures based on the business improvement order, decide on these measures, and verify the implementation status and effectiveness of such measures.
2 Establish a Group Governance Strengthening Committee CFG
Outside directors and executives of the Concordia Financial Group will attend the Management Improvement Committee to provide advice and guidance from a wide range of perspectives, and a Group Governance Strengthening Committee will be established (within Concordia Financial Group) to examine and discuss issues related to group governance, and report to the Management Improvement Committee. The Group Gov- ernance Strengthening Committee will verify the implementation status of plans at the bank, including the items under consideration and de- cided on by the Management Improvement Committee, and report the results of the verification to the Concordia Financial Group’s board of directors.
3 Compliance HNB
We will establish a system that complies with laws and regulations and raises awareness of compliance throughout the bank by reorganizing the Compliance Committee, establishing a compliance management department, enhancing compliance training, and conducting compliance awareness surveys.
4 Building a customer-oriented business operation HNB
We will establish a business management system that ensures customer protection and puts customers first, as well as raising awareness of this issue throughout the bank, by establishing a sales planning department, reviewing the personnel system, awards system, and training system, and working on improving auditing skills of staff.
5 Strengthening the head office HNB
In order to establish a system of checks and balances at departments of the head office, we have reorganized the head office, reviewed the divi-
sion of operations among executives, and reviewed the authority of branch office managers.
6 Internal audits HNB CFG
We have adopted the Concordia Financial Group’s internal audits system as our framework for internal audits.
51 CONCORDIA Financial Group
3 key elements of Business Model
Provide customer-focused support and contribute to business growth from the start-up throughout the transformation phase
Provide solutions for each growth phase in Tokyo where high demand is expected in the mid to long term and seek sustainable growth
Re-allocate management resources, become the main bank of existing customers and achieve effi- cient management
 Social responsibility
 Sustainability
 Profitability
   Internal audit system
■ Roles of Internal Audit
Taking a standpoint independent of executive department, the internal audit department of the Group implements internal audits on matters such as the effectiveness and appropriateness of compliance system and risk management system of each division, and internal controls on finan- cial reporting to secure sound and appropriate management of operations. The internal audit results of each company are reported periodically to bodies such as the Board of Directors.
■ Group Internal Audit System
To ensure the system that enables audits with unified methods and standards within the Group, the Company formulates “Basic Regulations on Internal Audits” to be referred to when defining policies and regulations re- garding internal audits at the Company and subsidiaries.
Our Audit Department oversees the Group’s internal audits, evaluates the status of internal audits at subsid- iaries, and strengthens the internal audit function by en- suring consistent internal audits are conducted throughout the Group. For example, the Auditing De- partment takes the lead in conducting audits on key risks that are common throughout the Group.
The audit departments of the Company and subsid- iaries not only implement independent audits, but for risk items that are spread over the Group, the audit de- partments of each company cooperate to create systems that allow for implementation of audits under common themes. Furthermore, the Company establishes “Group Management Audit Conference” as part of the Manage- ment Conference, which resolves, discusses and reports on significant matters regarding internal audits, and dis- cusses and reports on matters related to the results of internal audits for the overall group.
■ Initiatives to Increase Sophistication and Efficiency of Internal Audits
The management base for sustainable growth
   To utilize and distribute limited auditing resources effectively and efficiently to matters subject to audit, the audit departments of the Company and subsidiaries evaluate risk inherent in divisions and operations subject to internal audit (risk assessments), and work to conduct risk-based audits that determine the frequency and depth of audits based on these assessments. Furthermore, aside from co- operation with the internal audit department, measures are in
place to increase sophistication and efficiency of internal audits, as well as to secure adequate cooperation with bodies such as the risk management department, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Accounting Auditors. It also conducts audits regarding the suitability of cyber security management systems to ensure the safety of the Group’s information assets in light of recent cyber at- tacks and related threats.
Audit&Supervisory Board
General Meeting of Shareholders
   Basic Internal Audit Plan Consent Resolution and Report on Audit Results
Resolution, discussion, and reporting
Resolution, discussion, and reporting
Internal audit
Internal audit
 Board of Directors
   Management Conference (Group Management Audit Conference)
   Audit Department of the holding company
Holding company Headquarters
  Subsidiaries
(The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd. and The Higashi-Nippon Bank, Limited)
Headquarters of subsidiaries
Branches
  Audit departments of subsidiaries
CONCORDIA Financial Group 52
Internal audit department of the Group

                                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements
Concordia Financial Group
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries March 31, 2019
ASSETS:
Cash and due from banks (Notes 3, 12, and 27) Call loans and bills bought (Note 27)
Monetary claims bought (Note 5)
Trading assets (Note 4)
Securities (Notes 5, 12, and 27)
Loans and bills discounted (Notes 6, 12, and 27)
Foreign exchanges (Notes 6 and 7)
Lease receivables and investment assets (Note 26)
Other assets (Notes 8 and 12)
Property, plant and equipment (Note 9)
Intangible assets (Note 10)
Net defined benefit asset (Note 17)
Deferred tax assets (Note 25)
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees (Note 11) Allowance for loan losses
Consolidated Statement of Income
Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
 Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1) 2019
$1,291,201 269,895 49,755 26,475 33,934 564,974 18,431 355,170 2,659 151,131 2,763,625
96,773 183 18,641 1,124 8,440 18,886 1,654 24,377 134,039 354,627 1,198,202 45,842 146,353 2,049,141
714,484
202,098 21,733 223,831
490,653 (1,638)
489,015
    2019
2,969,305 256,899 44,220 5,243 2,476,944 12,661,999 17,636 68,684 208,672 166,862 16,721 33,958 8,085 65,280
2018
¥ 2,954,291 280,177 63,300 5,911 2,337,884 12,445,889 16,968 67,881 232,182 163,565 13,148 31,504 8,435 92,971
(53,532) ¥18,660,581
¥15,496,142 186,776 716,410 3,069 135,914 106 655,517 448 40,000 131,977 4,605 103 144 1,126 2,001 2,270 1,112 18 19,326 16,534 92,971 17,506,578
150,078 273,204 357 609,653
(7,033)
87,042 (24)
36,935 (1,389)
1,148,824 5,178 1,154,002 ¥18,660,581
2019 2019
2018
¥143,042 50,926 3,212 2,475 2,574 67,087 3,079 42,384
12,959
327,742
6,740 22 581 7 1,084 1,197 107 2,647 13,889 53,435 133,895 3,528 13,299
230,439
97,302
30,001 334
30,335
66,966 (552)
66,413
¥52.36 52.32 15.50
    ¥
$ 26,748,094 2,314,201 398,345 47,238 22,312,801
INCOME:
Interest income:
Interest on loans and bills discounted ¥143,336 Interest and dividends on securities 29,961 Interest on call loans and bills bought 5,523
114,061,792 Interest on due from banks 2,939 158,870 Other interest income 3,766
618,727 1,879,765 1,503,133
150,634 305,903 72,836
Fees and commissions 62,717 Trading income 2,046 Other operating income (Note 21) 39,427 Reversal of provision for loss on cancellation of system contracts 295 Other income (Note 22) 16,777
  (53,418) TOTAL ¥18,947,097
588,060 Total income 306,790 (481,206)
    LIABILITIES:
Deposits (Notes 12, 13, and 27)
Negotiable certificates of deposit (Note 27)
Call money and bills sold (Note 27)
Payables under repurchase agreements (Note 12)
Payables under securities lending transactions (Note 12 and 27) Trading liabilities (Note 4)
Borrowed money (Notes 12, 14, and 27)
Foreign exchanges (Note 7)
Bonds payable (Note 15)
Other liabilities (Note 16)
Provision for bonuses
Provision for directors’ bonuses
Provision for share-based compensation
Net defined benefit liability (Note 17)
Provision for reimbursement of deposits
Provision for loss on cancellation of system contracts
Provision for contingent losses
Reserves under special laws
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 25)
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation
Acceptances and guarantees (Note 11)
Total liabilities EQUITY (Notes 18 and 19):
Capital stock – common stock – authorized, 3,000,000 thousand shares in 2019 and 2018; issued, 1,245,616 thousand shares in 2019 and 1,264,616 thousand shares in 2018
Capital surplus
Subscription rights to shares
Retained earnings
Treasury shares – common stock – at cost,
13,201 thousand shares in 2019 and
11,594 thousand shares in 2018 Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total
Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
TOTAL
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥15,945,423 234,633 496,364 13,726 307,071 113 489,630 407 60,000 134,880 4,465 94 272 1,040 2,274
1,255 18 13,521 16,474 65,280 17,786,949
150,078 263,294 169 644,634
(6,879)
72,907 (2,707)
36,799 (3,237)
1,155,059 5,088 1,160,147 ¥18,947,097
$170,679,193
$143,639,524 2,113,625 4,471,346
EXPENSES:
Interest expenses:
Interest on deposits 10,742 Interest on negotiable certificates of deposit 20
  123,650 Interest on call money and bills sold 2,069
2,766,156 1,023 4,410,686 3,670 540,492 1,215,028
Interest on payables under repurchase agreements 124 Interest on payables under securities lending transactions 936 Interest on borrowed money 2,096 Interest on bonds payable 183 Other interest expenses 2,706
40,224 Fees and commissions 14,879
853 Other operating expenses (Note 23) 39,367
2,454
9,376 20,493
11,312 168
General and administrative expenses 133,012 Provision of allowance for loan losses 5,088 Other expenses (Note 24) 16,246
Total expenses 227,475
    121,807 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 79,314 148,404
   588,060 160,228,351
1,351,937 2,371,805 1,530 5,806,991
(61,973)
656,769 (24,392)
331,500 (29,162)
INCOME TAXES (Note 25):
Current 22,434 Deferred 2,412
Total income taxes 24,847
NET INCOME 54,467 NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (181)
NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT ¥ 54,285
PER SHARE INFORMATION (Notes 2.x and 20):
Basic net income per share ¥43.46 Diluted net income per share 43.44 Dividend on common stock 16.00
¥
$
              Yen
U.S. Dollars
$0.39 0.39 0.14
    10,405,005
45,837 See notes to consolidated financial statements.
10,450,842 $170,679,193
      53 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 54

                                                                                                            Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
NET INCOME
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Note 29): Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total other comprehensive income
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1) 2019
$ 490,653
(127,323) (24,170) (16,641)
(168,134) $ 322,519 $ 320,881
1,638
Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
Thousands
BALANCE, APRIL 1, 2017 1,277,647 Net income attributable to owners
of the parent
Cash dividends,¥14.0 per share for common stock
Purchases of treasury shares (24,825) Disposals of treasury shares 199 Retirements of treasury shares
Reversal of revaluation reserve for
land
Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2018 1,253,021
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends,¥15.5 per share for common stock
Purchases of treasury shares (21,153) Disposals of treasury shares 546 Retirements of treasury shares
Reversal of revaluation reserve for
land
Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2019 1,232,414
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2018
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, $0.14 per share for common stock
Purchases of treasury shares
Disposals of treasury shares
Retirements of treasury shares
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2019
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of Yen
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
  2019
¥ 54,467
(14,134) (2,683) (1,847)
(18,664)
¥ 35,802
¥ 35,621 181
2018
¥66,966
3,953 53 1,369
5,376
¥72,343
¥71,790 552
Number of Shares of Common Stock
Remeasure- ments of Defined
Capital
Outstanding Stock Surplus Shares Earnings Shares Securities Hedges Land Plans Total Interests Equity
  Subscription Rights to
Valuation Difference on Available- for-Sale
Deferred Gains or Losses on
Revaluation
  ¥150,078
¥150,078
¥150,078
Capital Stock
¥ 423
(66) ¥ 357
(187)
¥ 169
Subscription Rights to Shares
$ 3,219
(1,689)
$ 1,530
¥ 83,088
3,953 ¥ 87,042
(14,134)
¥ 72,907
¥
¥
(78)
53 (24)
¥(2,759)
1,369 ¥(1,389)
(1,847)
¥(3,237)
¥1,108,899 66,413 (17,797)
(14,091) 89
136 5,173 ¥1,148,824
54,285
(19,440) (10,002) 244
135 (18,987) ¥1,155,059
¥4,804
136 5,547 ¥5,178 ¥1,154,002
Capital ¥286,112
Retained ¥560,900 66,413
Treasury ¥ (5,939)
Reserve for ¥37,071
Benefit Noncontrolling
Total ¥1,113,703
     (28) (12,878)
¥273,204
(84) (9,826)
¥263,294
Capital Surplus
(17,797)
136
¥609,653 54,285 (19,440)
135
¥644,634
Retained Earnings
$5,491,882 489,015 (175,125)
1,219
$5,806,991
(14,091) 118 12,878
¥ (7,033)
(10,002) 329 9,826
¥ (6,879)
66,413
(17,797) (14,091) 89
  (136) ¥36,935
(135)
¥36,799
373
 (2,683)
¥(2,707)
(90)
¥5,088
Noncontrolling Interests
54,285
(19,440) (10,002) 244
135 (19,077) ¥1,160,147
Total Equity
  Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 $1,351,937 $2,461,084
$(63,356) $ 784,092
$
(222)
$332,719
(1,219)
$331,500
Total $(12,521) $10,348,834
$46,650 $10,395,484 489,015 (175,125)
$1,351,937
(764) (88,515)
$2,371,805
(90,100) 2,968 88,515
$(61,973)
(127,323)
$ 656,769
(24,170)
$(24,392)
489,015
(175,125) (90,100) 2,204
1,219 (171,042) $(29,162) $10,405,005
(813)
$45,837
(90,100) 2,204
1,219 (171,855) $10,450,842
Treasury Shares
Valuation Difference on Available- for-Sale Securities
Deferred Gains or Losses on Hedges
Remeasure- ments of Revaluation Defined
Reserve for Benefit Land Plans
(16,641)
  55 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 56

                                                                                                            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and its related accounting regulations, in accordance with the Enforcement Regulation for the Banking Act, and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards.
In preparing these consolidated financial statements, certain reclassifications and rearrangements have been made to the consolidated financial statements issued domestically in order to present them in a form which is more familiar to readers outside Japan.
The consolidated financial statements are stated in Japanese yen, the currency of the country in which the Company is incorporated and operates. As permitted by the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, amounts less than one million yen have been omitted. As a result, the totals do not necessarily agree with the sum of the individual amounts. Yen amounts, other than per share amounts, have been rounded down to millions of yen. Yen per share amounts have been rounded down to two decimal places.
The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥111.01 to U.S. $1, the rate of exchange at March 31, 2019. Such translations should not be construed as representations that the Japanese yen amounts could be converted into U.S. dollars at that or any other rate.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a. Principles of Consolidation — The consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, include the accounts of the Company, 15 consolidated subsidiaries, and an associate accounted for by the equity method.
Under the control and influence concepts, those companies in which the Company, directly or indirectly, is able to exercise control over operations are fully consolidated, and those companies over which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for by the equity method.
The balance sheet dates of the consolidated subsidiaries are the same as the balance sheet date of the Company.
The consolidated financial statements do not include the accounts of five subsidiaries in 2019, and three subsidiaries in 2018, because the total assets, total income, net income, retained earnings, and accumulated other comprehensive income of these entities would not have had a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Investments in the unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates to which the equity method accounting is not applied are stated at cost. If the equity method of accounting had been applied to the investments in these companies, the effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements would not be material.
All significant intercompany balances, transactions, and unrealized profits included in assets have been eliminated in consolidation.
The excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of the net assets of an acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition is amortized over a period of 5 years.
b. Trading-Purpose Transactions — “Transactions for trading purposes” (for the purpose of capturing gains arising from short-term changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, or market prices of securities and other market-related indices or from arbitrage opportunities) are included in “Trading assets” and “Trading liabilities” on a trade-date basis. Trading securities and monetary claims bought for trading purposes recorded in these accounts are stated at fair value and trading-related financial derivatives are stated at the amounts that would be settled if they were terminated at the end of the fiscal year.
Profits and losses on transactions for trading purposes are shown as “Trading income” or “Trading expenses” on a trade-date basis.
c. Securities — Securities are classified and accounted for, depending on management’s intent, as follows:
(1)Held-to-maturity debt securities, which are expected to be held to maturity with a positive intent and ability to hold to maturity,
are reported at amortized cost computed using the straight-line method.
(2)Available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable taxes, reported in a
separate component of equity. Securities whose fair values cannot be reliably determined are stated at cost determined by the moving-average method.
For other-than-temporary declines in fair value, securities are reduced to net realizable value by a charge to income.
Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Income before income taxes
Adjustments to reconcile income before income taxes to
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation
Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Share of (profit) loss of entities accounted for using equity method Increase (decrease) in allowance for loan losses
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in provision for directors’ bonuses
Increase (decrease) in provision for share-based compensation
Decrease (increase) in net defined benefit asset
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
Increase (decrease) in provision for reimbursement of deposits
Increase (decrease) in provision for loss on cancellation of system contracts Increase (decrease) in provision for contingent losses
Interest income
Interest expenses
Loss (gain) related to securities
Foreign exchange losses (gains)
Loss (gain) on disposals of non-current assets
Net decrease (increase) in trading assets
Net increase (decrease) in trading liabilities
Net decrease (increase) in loans and bills discounted
Net increase (decrease) in deposits
Net increase (decrease) in negotiable certificates of deposit
Net increase (decrease) in borrowed money (excluding subordinated borrowings) Net decrease (increase) in due from banks (excluding due from the Bank of Japan) Net decrease (increase) in call loans and others
Net increase (decrease) in call money and others
Net increase (decrease) in payables under securities lending transactions Net decrease (increase) in foreign exchanges – assets
Net increase (decrease) in foreign exchanges – liabilities
Net decrease (increase) in lease receivables and investment assets Interest and dividends received
Interest paid
Other, net
Subtotal Income tax paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Purchases of securities
Proceeds from sales of securities
Proceeds from redemption of securities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchases of intangible assets
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Proceeds from issuance of subordinated bonds and bonds with subscription rights to shares Purchases of treasury shares
Proceeds from sales of treasury shares
Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR (Note 3)
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of Yen
2019
79,314
11,787 195 39 7
(113) (140) (8)
127 (4,582) (336)
273 (2,270)
143 (185,526)
18,880 (4,497) (6,121)
1,158 668 6
(216,109) 449,281 47,856
(165,886) 74,594 41,743
(209,389) 171,156
(667) (41) (1,282)
185,918 (18,504)
3,912 271,585
(23,889) ¥ 247,695
(1,194,695) 397,254 669,049
(11,587) 156
(8,631) 72
(148,380)
20,000 (10,002)
(19,440) (272) (9,714)
2018
97,302
10,451
128 28 1,448 8 26 144 840
(167) 69
127 (202,231)
12,390 12,490 11,163
718 701
(26) (467,790)
565,860 (113,793) (254,162)
(83,866)
(13,706) (304,991)
39,009 (2,687)
191 (1,862)
200,957 (12,263) (81,009)
(584,499) (22,119) (606,618)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1) 2019
     ¥
¥
$
714,484
106,187 1,758 356 63
(1,021) (1,264) (76)
1,148 (41,284) (3,033)
2,461 (20,449)
1,289 (1,671,260)
170,078 (40,511) (55,142)
10,438 6,018 61
(1,946,761) 4,047,212 431,105
(1,494,342) 671,961 376,033
(1,886,225) 1,541,810
(6,010) (371) (11,553)
1,674,788 (166,695)
35,241 2,446,494
  ¥
(215,204) $ 2,231,289
(10,762,056) 3,578,550 6,026,934
(104,379) 1,406
(77,752) 657
(1,336,640)
180,164 (90,100)
5 (175,125) (2,452) (87,508)
71
807,212 25,279,497 $ 26,086,709
    (1,702,118) 1,004,508 996,579
(12,213) 698
(4,792) (668)
281,992
20,000 (14,091)
(17,797) (178) (12,067)
        7 (9)
  89,608 2,806,276 ¥ 2,895,885
(336,702) 3,142,979 ¥ 2,806,276
    57 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 58

                                                                                                            d. Property, Plant and Equipment — Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment owned by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries is computed mainly using the straight-line method.
The range of useful lives is from 2 to 60 years for buildings and from 2 to 20 years for equipment.
Depreciation of leased property and equipment owned by consolidated subsidiaries is calculated by the straight-line method over the lease periods.
e. Software — Cost of computer software obtained for internal use is amortized principally using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 5 to 7 years.
f. Long-Lived Assets — The Group reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group. The impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the discounted cash flows from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or the net selling price at disposition.
g. Revaluation Reserve for Land — Under the “Law of Land Revaluation,” The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd. (“BOY”) elected a one-time revaluation of its own-use land to a value based on real estate appraisal information as of March 31, 1998.
The resulting revaluation reserve for land represents unrealized appreciation of land and is stated, net of income taxes, as a component of equity. There was no effect on the consolidated statement of income. Continuous readjustment is not permitted, unless the land value subsequently declines significantly, such that the amount of the decline in value should be removed from the revaluation reserve for land account and related deferred tax liabilities.
The carrying amount of the land after the above one-time revaluation exceeded the market value by ¥36,405 million ($ 327,945 thousand) and ¥37,826 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
h. Deferred Charges — Bond issue expenses are recognized as expense when incurred.
i. Allowance for Loan Losses — Major consolidated subsidiaries provide an allowance for loan losses, which is determined based on management’s judgment and an assessment of future losses based on major consolidated subsidiary’s self-assessment systems. These systems reflect past experience of credit losses, possible credit losses, business and economic conditions, the character, quality and performance of the portfolio, the value of collateral or guarantees, and other pertinent indicators.
Major consolidated subsidiaries have implemented a self-assessment system to determine its asset quality. The quality of all loans is assessed by branches and the credit supervisory division with a subsequent audit by the asset review and inspection division, which is independent from the operating divisions, in accordance with major consolidated subsidiary’s policy and guidelines for the self- assessment of asset quality.
Major consolidated subsidiaries have established a credit rating system under which its customers are classified into five categories. The credit rating system is used in the self-assessment of asset quality. All loans are classified into five categories for self-assessment purposes: “normal,” “in need of caution,” “possible bankruptcy,” “virtual bankruptcy,” and “legal bankruptcy.”
The allowance for loan losses is calculated based on the actual historical loss ratio for “normal” and “in need of caution” categories; the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent loans; and other factors of solvency, including future cash flows for other categories. For claims to borrowers whose loans are classified as “possible bankruptcy” or “restructured loans” over a certain amount, for which future cash flows could be reasonably estimated, an allowance is provided for the difference between the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the contracted interest rate and the carrying value of the claims (the “DCF method”). Also, for claims for which allowance has been provided based on the DCF method in previous fiscal years, an allowance is provided based on the DCF method.
For collateralized or guaranteed claims to borrowers who are in the “virtual bankruptcy” or “legal bankruptcy” category, the amount exceeding the estimated value of collateral or guarantees has been deducted as deemed uncollectible directly from those claims. As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the deducted amounts were ¥ 33,122 million ($298,375 thousand) and ¥37,517 million, respectively.
Other consolidated subsidiaries maintain allowances for possible loan losses that are provided as deemed necessary to cover expected losses based on their own experience.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
j. Provision for Bonuses — Provision for bonuses is provided in the amount of the estimated bonuses that are attributable to each fiscal year.
k. Provision for Directors’ Bonuses — Provision for directors’ bonuses is provided in the amount of the estimated bonuses that are attributable to each fiscal year.
l. Provision for share-based compensation — Provision for share-based compensation is provided in the amount of the estimated payment based on the stock compensation system for directors, etc. of the Company and major consolidated subsidiaries that are attributable to each fiscal year.
m.Provision for Reimbursement of Deposits — Provision for reimbursement of deposits that were derecognized as liabilities under certain conditions is provided for possible losses on future claims of withdrawal based on historical reimbursement experience.
n. Provision for Contingent Losses — Provision for contingent losses is provided for contingent losses not covered by other provisions in an amount deemed necessary based on estimated losses in the future.
o. Reserve under Special Laws — Reserve under special laws is provided for contingent liabilities from brokering of security transactions in accordance with Section 1 of Article 46-5 of the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act.
p. Retirement and Pension Plans — Major consolidated subsidiaries have contributory funded defined benefit pension plans, lump- sum payment plans, and defined contribution pension plans for employees. Other consolidated subsidiaries have lump-sum payment plans, and some of these subsidiaries have defined contribution pension plans.
Major consolidated subsidiaries accounted for the liability for retirement benefits based on the projected benefit obligations and plan assets at the balance sheet date. The projected benefit obligations are attributed to periods on a benefit formula basis. Actuarial gains and losses are amortized on a straight-line basis over 10 to 15 years within the average remaining service period. Past service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over 2 years within the average remaining service period. The discount rate is determined using a single weighted-average discount rate reflecting the estimated timing and amount of benefit payment.
q. Stock Options — Compensation expenses for employee stock options are recognized based on the fair value at the date of grant and over the vesting period as consideration for receiving goods or services in accordance with Accounting Standards Board of Japan (“ASBJ”) Statement No. 8, “Accounting Standard for Stock Options”. Stock options granted to nonemployees are accounted for based on the fair value of either the stock option or the goods or services received. In the balance sheet, the stock option is presented as subscription rights to shares as a separate component of equity until exercised.
r. Leases — Finance leases that are deemed to transfer ownership of the leased property to the lessee are recognized as lease receivables, and finance leases that are not deemed to transfer ownership of the leased property to the lessee are recognized as investments in lease.
Lease revenue and lease costs are recognized over the lease period.
s. Income Taxes — The provision for income taxes is computed based on the pretax income included in the consolidated statement of income. The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred taxes are measured by applying currently enacted income tax rates to the temporary differences.
t. Translation of Foreign Currencies — Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and accounts of overseas branches held by the Group are translated at exchange rates prevailing as of the balance sheet date.
59 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 60

                                                                                                            u. Derivatives and Hedging Activities — Derivative financial instruments are classified and accounted for as follows: (a) all derivatives, except those entered into for hedging purposes, are recognized as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value with gains or losses on derivative transactions recognized in the statement of income or (b) for derivatives used for hedging purposes, if the derivatives qualify for hedge accounting because of a high correlation and effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the hedged items, the gains or losses on the derivatives are deferred until maturity of the hedged transactions (deferral hedge accounting).
Consolidated banking subsidiaries apply deferral hedge accounting based on the rules of the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“JICPA”) Industry Audit Committee Report No. 24 for interest rate derivatives to manage interest rate risk from various financial assets and liabilities as a whole. Under these rules, the effectiveness of a fair value hedge is assessed by an identified group of hedge deposits, loans, and similar instruments and by a corresponding group of hedging instruments, such as interest rate swaps in the same maturity category. Also, under these rules, the effectiveness of cash flow hedges is assessed based on the correlation between a base interest rate index of the hedged cash flow and that of the hedging instrument.
Consolidated banking subsidiaries apply deferral hedge accounting based on the rules of the JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 25 for currency swaps and funding swaps used for the purpose of currency exchange.
v. Cash and Cash Equivalents — For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents represent cash and due from the Bank of Japan.
w. Cash Dividends — Cash dividends charged to retained earnings are dividends paid during the year and represent year-end dividends for the preceding year and interim dividends for the current year.
x. Per Share Information — Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period, retroactively adjusted for stock splits.
Diluted net income per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted net income per share of common stock assumes full conversion of the outstanding convertible notes and bonds at the beginning of the year (or at the time of issuance) with an applicable adjustment for related interest expense, net of tax, and full exercise of outstanding warrants.
Cash dividends per share presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of income are dividends applicable to the respective fiscal years, including dividends to be paid after the end of the year.
y. Additional Information
(Stock compensation system that utilizes trusts) (1) Outline of Transactions
The Company introduced a stock compensation system that utilizes trusts (the “System”) for the purpose of sharing interests with its shareholders, and boosting the motivation to promote the sustainable growth of the Company group as a whole and to enhance corporate value over the medium to long term.
The System applies to the directors (excluding outside directors and non-executive directors) and the executive officers of the Company and major consolidated subsidiaries. In the System, the Company entrusts the trust bank with cash to the extent approved by resolution at the general meeting of shareholders of the Company, combined with the cash contributed by the subsidiaries to the extent approved by resolution at the general meeting of shareholders of the subsidiaries, and creates the trust in which the beneficiaries are directors, etc. who satisfy the beneficiary requirements. The trust acquires shares of the Company from the stock market by using the cash entrusted as the source of financing.
During the trust period, beneficiaries receive: a certain number of points that are awarded in accordance with the respective stock-granting rules of each companies; shares of the Company that are granted in the number accounting for a certain ratio of the number of such points; and cash in the amount equivalent to the conversion value of shares of the Company corresponding to the number of remaining points after the conversion of the shares in accordance with the provisions of the trust agreement.
Under the System, two types of trusts are created. One type is the trust which executes the granting or payment (the “Granting, etc.”) of shares of the Company and cash in the amount equivalent to the conversion value of the Company shares (the “Shares of the Company, etc.”) after the retirement of directors, etc. according to their respective job positions, and the other type is the trust which executes the Granting, etc. of the Shares of the Company, etc. after the end of the medium-term management plan period according to the extent to which performance targets of the medium-term management plan have been fulfilled.
(2) Shares of the Company Residing in the Trust
Shares of the Company residing in the trust are recognized as treasury shares in equity at the carrying amounts in the trust. The carrying amounts of such treasury shares as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were ¥531 million ($4,792 thousand) for 927 thousand shares and ¥588 million for 1,026 thousand shares, respectively.
3. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
The reconciliation of “Cash and cash equivalents” in the consolidated statement of cash flows and “Cash and due from banks” in the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019 $26,748,094
(661,385) $26,086,709
       Cash and due from banks
Interest-bearing deposits included in due from banks
(other than due from the Bank of Japan)
Cash and cash equivalents
2019 ¥2,969,305
(73,420)
¥2,895,885
2018 ¥2,954,291
(148,014) ¥2,806,276
      61 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 62

                                                                                                            4. TRADING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Trading assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
Information on available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities which were sold during the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, was as follows:
 Millions of Yen
2019
2018
¥5,537 374 ¥5,911 ¥ 106
2018 474,610 285,678 652,730 248,258 676,607
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$44,120 3,118 $47,238 $ 1,023
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 4,190,111
2,340,930 5,350,979 1,922,948 8,507,833
$22,312,801
March 31, 2019 Available-for-sale:
Equity securities Debt securities Other securities
Proceeds
¥ 17,518 164,664 193,556
Millions of Yen
Realized Gains
¥10,377 710 2,312
¥13,400
Millions of Yen
Realized Gains
¥2,521 1,079 5,272
¥8,873
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Realized Gains
$ 93,487 6,402 20,829
$120,718
Realized Losses
¥ 45 278 4,625
¥4,949
Realized Losses
¥ 13 1,305 1,462
¥2,781
Realized Losses
         Trading assets:
Trading securities
Trading-related financial derivatives
Total
Trading liabilities — trading-related financial derivatives
5. SECURITIES
Securities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Japanese national government bonds Japanese local government bonds Japanese corporate bonds
Japanese corporate stocks
Other securities
¥4,897 346
¥5,243
¥ 113
Millions of Yen
Total ¥375,739
         March 31, 2018 Available-for-sale:
Equity securities Debt securities Other securities
Proceeds
  ¥
3,634 898,514 196,001
   2019
¥ 465,144 259,866 594,012 213,466 944,454
¥
Total ¥1,098,150
            Total ¥2,476,944
¥2,337,884
March 31, 2019 Available-for-sale:
Equity securities Debt securities Other securities
Total
Proceeds
$ 157,811 1,483,334 1,743,594
$3,384,739
$
414 2,508 41,664
   The carrying amounts and aggregate fair value of securities and monetary claims bought as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
$44,586
 Millions of Yen
  March 31, 2019 Securities classified as:
Available-for-sale: Equity securities Debt securities Other securities
Held-to-maturity
March 31, 2018 Securities classified as:
Available-for-sale: Equity securities Debt securities Other securities
Held-to-maturity
March 31, 2019 Securities classified as:
Available-for-sale: Equity securities Debt securities Other securities
Held-to-maturity
Cost
¥ 102,169 1,135,715 961,535 174,879
Cost
109,608 1,227,204 717,293 181,836
Cost
Unrealized Gains
¥103,407 8,722 14,001 5,245
Unrealized Losses
¥ 1,183 294 21,709
Fair Value
Impairment losses on securities whose fair value can be reliably determined, other than trading securities for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were ¥899 million ($8,102 thousand) and ¥52 million, respectively.
Securities also include corporate stocks and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates, which totaled ¥3,109 million ($28,012 thousand) and ¥2,246 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Japanese national government bonds as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, included bonds of ¥66,014 million ($594,667 thousand) and ¥45,776 million , respectively, which were being rented to third parties without collateral under lending contracts.
As for securities received under repurchase agreements transaction and securities lending transactions which the Group had the right to sell or pledge without restriction, ¥417 million ($3,760 thousand) and nil was held in hand on March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
The amount of guarantee obligations for privately-placed bonds (Paragraph 3 of Article 2 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act) included in securities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, was ¥68,954 million ($621,153 thousand) and ¥64,169 million, respectively.
  Millions of Yen
953,827 180,125
Fair Value
¥ 1,144,143
204,393
 Unrealized Gains
¥130,615 4,654 10,025 7,087
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Unrealized Losses
  ¥
¥ 20,632
¥
239,312 1,231,182 706,686 188,924
911 676
6. LOANS AND BILLS DISCOUNTED
Loans and bills discounted as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
   Unrealized Gains
$931,518 78,576 126,129 47,255
Unrealized Losses
$ 10,660 2,654 195,564
Fair Value
$ 1,841,219 10,306,671 8,592,263 1,622,605
2019
2018
   ¥
Total ¥12,661,999
¥ 48,256 $ 425,426
  $
920,361 10,230,749 8,661,698 1,575,350
Bills discounted
Loans on bills
Loans on deeds
Overdrafts 1,056,232
356,350 11,086,754 954,527
2,595,770 101,525,845 9,514,751
47,226 288,156 11,270,383
  ¥12,445,889 $114,061,792
  The above balances do not include non-listed shares and equity investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and associates, accounted for by the equity method or the cost method, of ¥19,330 million ($ 174,136 thousand) and ¥16,894 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. And “Other securities” includes monetary claims bought whose fair value can be reliably determined, of ¥19,630 million ($ 176,837 thousand) and ¥38,028 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
“Past due loans”, include loans classified as “possible bankruptcy” and “virtual bankruptcy” under the Group’s self-assessment guidelines. Interest receivables on loans in these categories are not accrued as accruals for accounting purposes. The loans and bills discounted include “loans to borrowers in bankruptcy” totaling ¥ 3,907 million ($35,200 thousand) and ¥4,583 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, as well as “past due loans” totaling ¥ 164,757 million ($1,484,168 thousand) and ¥162,118 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
63 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 64

                                                                                                            In addition to “past due loans” certain other loans classified as “in need of caution” under the Group’s self-assessment guidelines include “accruing loans contractually past due for three months or more.” “Accruing loans contractually past due for three months or more” are loans on which the principal and/or interest is three months or more past due, but exclude “loans to borrowers in bankruptcy” or “past due loans.” The balances of “accruing loans contractually past due for three months or more” as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were ¥ 4,026 million ($36,270 thousand) and ¥3,953 million, respectively.
“Restructured loans” are loans for which BOY, The Higashi-Nippon Bank Ltd. (“HNB”) and its subsidiaries have restructured lending conditions, such as by a reduction of the original interest rate, forbearance of interest payments, principal repayments, or renunciation of claims to support the borrowers’ reorganization, but exclude “loans to borrowers in bankruptcy,” “past due loans,” and “accruing loans contractually past due for three months or more.” The outstanding balances of “restructured loans” as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were ¥ 12,811 million ($115,407 thousand) and ¥13,143 million, respectively.
The allowance for loan losses is not deducted from the amounts of loans shown in the above three paragraphs.
Contracts of overdraft facilities and loan commitment limits are contracts under which the Group lends to customers up to the prescribed limits in response to customer applications for loans as long as there is no violation of any condition in the contracts. As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the amounts of unused commitments were ¥ 2,281,540 million ($20,552,565 thousand) and ¥2,306,083 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the amounts of unused commitments whose remaining contract terms were within one year were ¥ 1,523,069 million ($13,720,110 thousand) and ¥1,483,343 million, respectively.
As many of these commitments expire without being drawn down, the unused amount does not necessarily represent a future cash requirement. Most of these contracts have conditions whereby the Group can refuse customer applications for loans or decrease the contract limits for certain reasons (e.g., changes in financial situation and deterioration in customers’ creditworthiness). At the inception of the contracts, the Group obtains real estate, securities, or other assets as collateral if considered to be necessary. Subsequently, the Group performs periodic reviews of the customers’ business results based on internal rules and takes necessary measures to reconsider conditions in the contracts and/or require additional collateral and guarantees.
Discounting bills are treated as secured lending transactions. As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the Group has the right by contract or custom to sell or repledge bills discounted and foreign exchange bills bought, and their total face value was ¥47,385 million ($426,859 thousand) and ¥48,526 million, respectively.
8. OTHER ASSETS
Other assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Accrued income
Derivatives other than for trading – assets Cash collateral paid for financial instruments Temporary advance
Installments receivable
Other
Millions of Yen
7. FOREIGN EXCHANGES
Foreign exchanges as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Assets
Foreign exchange bills bought
Foreign exchange bills receivable
Due from foreign correspondent accounts
Total
Liabilities
Foreign exchange bills sold
Foreign exchange bills payable
Due to foreign correspondent accounts
Total
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 1,432 19,458 137,980 $158,870
$74 3,474 122 $ 3,670
10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Software Goodwill Lease assets Other
Total
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Concordia Financial Group, Year Ended March 31, 2019
Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
  2019
¥ 15,835 33,269 29,971 61,201 22,466 45,928
¥
2018
15,717 39,826 23,431 65,210 24,105 63,889
$
142,653 299,695 269,990 551,316 202,380 413,731
    Total ¥208,672
9. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Millions of Yen
$1,879,765
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 495,381
842,560 1,494 23,661 140,037 $1,503,133
¥232,182
    2019
Total ¥166,862
2018
¥ 53,325 93,300 770 2,517 13,651
¥163,565
  Buildings, net
Land 93,532 Lease assets, net 165 Construction in progress 2,626 Other 15,545
¥ 54,992
    The accumulated depreciation of property, plant and equipment as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, amounted to ¥171,914 million ($1,548,641 thousand) and ¥167,944 million, respectively.
  2019
159 2,159 15,317
2018
¥ 269 2,306 14,393
¥16,968
¥45 386 16
¥ 448
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019 $144,070
133 7 6,424 $150,634
    ¥
2019
2018
    ¥17,636
¥15,993 ¥12,265 14 54 112 713 715
¥16,721 ¥13,148
    ¥
¥
8 385 13
407
11. CUSTOMERS’ LIABILITIES FOR ACCEPTANCES AND GUARANTEES
      65 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 66
All contingent liabilities arising from acceptances and guarantees are reflected in acceptances and guarantees. As a contra account, customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees are presented as assets, representing the Group’s rights of indemnity from the applicants.

                                                                                                            12. ASSETS PLEDGED
Assets pledged as collateral and the related liabilities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of Yen
14. BORROWED MONEY
  2019
Assets pledged as collateral:
Cash and due from banks ¥ 12,593 Securities 995,584 Loans and bills discounted 606,306 Other 904
Relevant liabilities to above assets:
Deposits ¥ 70,101 Payables under repurchase agreements 13,726 Payables under securities lending transactions 307,071 Borrowed money 447,677
2018
12,593 1,051,380 99,010 874
45,737 3,069 135,914 613,352
Annual maturities of borrowed money as of March 31, 2019, were as follows:
¥
¥
Thousands of U.S. Dollars $1,972,422
1,093,154 1,169,134 32,984 27,416 115,576 $4,410,686
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$180,164
180,164
90,082
90,082 $540,492
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$540,492
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 93,438
94,904 33,337 305,428 26,558 259,740 14,509 182,334 36,152 279,184
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 113,448 8,968,425 5,461,725
8,145
$ 631,485 123,650 2,766,156 4,032,768
As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the weighted-average annual interest rate applicable to borrowed money was 0.53% and 0.25%, respectively.
Year Ending March 31
2020 ¥218,958 2021 121,351 2022 129,785 2023 3,661 2024 3,043 2025 and thereafter 12,830
Total ¥489,630
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
  Millions of Yen
      In addition to the above, assets pledged as collateral for transactions, such as exchange settlement transactions, or as substitute securities for initial margin on futures transactions and others were as follows:
15. BONDS PAYABLE
Bonds payable as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Unsecured fixed (0.50% interest until March 2022) and floating (Libor linked interest after March 2022) subordinated bonds, payable in Japanese yen, due March 2027
Unsecured fixed (0.40% interest until February 2023) and floating (Libor linked interest after February 2023) subordinated bonds, payable in Japanese yen, due February 2028
Unsecured fixed (0.49% interest until March 2024) and floating (Libor linked interest after March 2024) subordinated bonds, payable in Japanese yen, due March 2029
Unsecured fixed (0.49% interest until March 2024) and floating (Swaps mid rate linked interest after March 2024) subordinated bonds, payable in Japanese yen, due March 2029
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019 $349,998
477,633
Millions of Yen
      Securities
Other assets amounting
2019
¥38,853 53,022
2018
¥56,973 58,688
2019
¥20,000 20,000 10,000 10,000
2018
¥20,000 20,000
¥40,000
Millions of Yen ¥60,000
  Additionally, initial margins of futures markets, cash collateral received for financial instruments liabilities, and guarantee deposits on office space included in other assets were as follows:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 14,891
269,990 76,349
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 5,292,051
96,644,188 1,987,649 980,478 34,901,660 3,833,498 $143,639,524
    Initial margins of futures markets
Cash collateral paid for financial instruments Guarantee deposits on office space
13. DEPOSITS
Deposits as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Current deposits Ordinary deposits Savings deposits Deposits at notice Time deposits Other deposits
2019
¥ 1,653 29,971 8,475
2018
¥ 1,653 23,431 9,125
      Millions of Yen
Total ¥60,000
Annual maturities of bonds payable as of March 31, 2019, were as follows:
Year Ending March 31 2025 and thereafter
16. OTHER LIABILITIES
Other liabilities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Income taxes payable
Accrued expenses
Unearned revenue
Derivatives other than for trading – liabilities Suspense receipts
Other
    ¥
2019
587,470 10,728,471 220,648 108,842 3,874,433 425,556
¥
2018
567,255 10,059,279 224,599 118,338 4,021,742 504,926
Millions of Yen
  2019
10,372 10,535 33,905 28,833 20,240 30,992
2018
    Total ¥15,945,423
¥15,496,142
¥
¥
11,758 9,661
    Total ¥134,880
¥131,977 $1,215,028
  67 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 68

                                                                                                            17. RETIREMENT AND PENSION PLANS
Major consolidated subsidiaries have defined benefit corporate pension plans, lump-sum payment plans, and defined contribution pension plans for their employees. In addition, it is possible for major consolidated subsidiaries to pay additional retirement benefits.
Major consolidated subsidiaries contribute to a retirement benefit trust to fund defined benefit corporate pension plans and lump- sum payment plans.
Other consolidated subsidiaries have lump-sum payment plans, and some of these subsidiaries have defined contribution pension plans. These subsidiaries recorded their net defined benefit liability at the amount that would be required if employees retired at each balance sheet date (the “simplified method”).
(1)Defined benefit plans
(a) The changes in defined benefit obligation for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
In the above schedule, the amount of retirement benefit plans is calculated by applying the simplified method for other consolidated subsidiaries.
(d)
The components of net periodic benefit costs for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of Yen
2019 2018 Current service cost     ¥ 2,661 ¥ 2,594
     Thousands of Millions of Yen U.S. Dollars
$
2,017 4,479
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Recognized actuarial losses Amortization of prior service cost Other
Net periodic benefit costs
572 674 (3,143) (3,053)
182 1,749 77 223 137
¥ 497 ¥ 2,178
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 23,976 5,158
(28,318) 1,646
             Balance at beginning of year Current service cost Interest cost
Actuarial losses
Benefits paid Other
Balance at end of year
2019 ¥104,241 2,661 572 616
(5,674) 94
¥102,512
2018 2019 ¥104,133 $939,032 2,594 23,976 674 5,158 2,064 5,552
(5,320) (51,118) 95 854 ¥104,241 $923,454
(e)
(f)
Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) in respect of defined retirement benefit plans for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
       Past service costs Actuarial losses
Total
Millions of Yen
2019 2018 ¥ 77 ¥(2,661) 1,896
¥(2,661) ¥1,973
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$(23,975) $(23,975)
            In the above schedule, the amount of retirement benefit plans is calculated by applying the simplified method for other consolidated subsidiaries.
Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) in respect of defined retirement benefit plans as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
(b) The changes in plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of Yen
2019
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019 $42,020 $42,020
2018 34%
[19] 12 21 25
8 100%
   Thousands of Millions of Yen U.S. Dollars
Unrecognized actuarial losses
Total
¥4,664
¥4,664
2018 ¥2,003 ¥2,003
2019 31%
[18] 9
18 30 12
100%
             Balance at beginning of year Expected return on plan assets Actuarial losses
Contributions from the employer Benefits paid
Other
Balance at end of year
2019 ¥134,619 3,143
(2,227) 3,925 (4,125)
94
¥135,430
2018 2019 ¥132,797 $1,212,680 3,053 28,318
2,211 (20,069) 657 35,363
(4,195) (37,164) 95 854 ¥134,619 $1,219,982
(g) Plan assets
   (i)
Components of plan assets
Plan assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
         (c) Reconciliation between the liability recorded in the consolidated balance sheet and the balances of defined benefit obligation and plan assets was as follows:
Domestic equity investments
[Of which, domestic equity investment contributed to retirement benefit trusts]
Overseas equity investments Domestic debt investments Overseas debt investments Other
Total*
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
   2019 ¥ 102,057
(135,430)
(33,372) 455
¥ (32,917)
2018
¥ 103,833
(134,619) (30,786)
408 ¥ (30,377)
$ (1,219,981)
      Funded defined benefit obligation Plan assets
Unfunded defined benefit obligation
Net liability (asset) arising from defined benefit obligation
Net defined benefit liability Net defined benefit asset
Net liability (asset) arising from defined benefit obligation
919,351
* In “Total”, retirement benefit trusts for lump-sum payment plans and defined benefit corporate pension plans for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were included as 23% and 24%, respectively.
Method of determining the expected rate of return on plan assets
The expected rate of return on plan assets is determined by considering the long-term rates of return which are expected currently and in the future from the various components of the plan assets.
     (300,630) 4,103
$ (296,527)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 9,376 (305,903) $(296,527)
(ii)
      Millions of Yen
   2019 1,040
2018 1,126
(h) Assumptions used for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, are set forth as follows:
Discount rate
Expected rate of return on plan assets Future salary growth
    ¥ (33,958)
¥ ¥(30,377)
2019 2018
(31,504)
0.5-0.7% 3.4-5.4 3.4-5.4
     ¥(32,917)
0.4-0.6%
2.5 2.5
   69 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 70

                                                                                                            (2)Defined contribution plans
The required amount contributed to defined contribution plans by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, was ¥422 million ($3,804 thousand) and ¥418 million, respectively.
18. EQUITY
Japanese banks are subject to the Companies Act of Japan (the “Companies Act”) and the Banking Act. The significant provisions in the Companies Act that affect financial and accounting matters are summarized below:
a. Dividends
Under the Companies Act, companies can pay dividends at any time during the fiscal year in addition to the year-end dividend upon resolution at the stockholders meeting. Additionally, for companies that meet certain criteria including (1) having a Board of Directors, (2) having independent auditors, (3) having an Audit & Supervisory Board, and (4) the term of service of the directors being prescribed as one year rather than the normal two-year term by its articles of incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare dividends (except for dividends-in-kind) at any time during the fiscal year if the company has prescribed so in its articles of incorporation. The Company meets all the above criteria.
The Companies Act permits companies to distribute dividends-in-kind (noncash assets) to stockholders subject to certain limitations and additional requirements.
Semiannual interim dividends may also be paid once a year upon resolution by the Board of Directors if the articles of incorporation of the company so stipulate. The Companies Act and the Banking Act provide certain limitations on the amounts available for dividends or the purchase of treasury shares.
b. Increases/Decreases and Transfer of Common Stock, Reserve, and Surplus
The Banking Act requires that an amount equal to 20% of dividends must be appropriated as a legal reserve (a component of retained earnings) or as additional paid-in capital (a component of capital surplus), depending on the equity account charged upon the payment of such dividends, until the total of the aggregate amount of the legal reserve and additional paid-in capital equals 100% of capital stock. Under the Companies Act, the total amount of additional paid-in capital and legal retained earnings may be reversed without limitation. The Companies Act also provides that capital stock, legal retained earnings, additional paid-in capital, other capital surplus, and other retained earnings can be transferred among the accounts within equity under certain conditions upon resolution of the stockholders.
c. Treasury Shares and Treasury Subscription Rights to Shares
The Companies Act also provides for companies to purchase treasury shares and dispose of such treasury shares by resolution of the Board of Directors. The amount of treasury shares purchased cannot exceed the amount available for distribution to the stockholders which is determined by a specific formula. Under the Companies Act, subscription rights to shares are presented as a separate component of equity. The Companies Act also provides that companies can purchase both treasury subscription rights to shares and treasury shares. Such treasury subscription rights to shares are presented as a separate component of equity or deducted directly from subscription rights to shares.
19. STOCK OPTIONS
71 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 72
The Company’s stock option plans grant options to directors and others to purchase certain shares of the Company’s common stock in the respective exercise periods. The exercise prices are subject to adjustments for stock issuances below fair value and stock splits.
The amount of stock options expensed was nil and ¥23 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The stock options outstanding as of March 31, 2019, are as follows:
Stock Options 3rd Stock Option
4th Stock Option 5th Stock Option 6th Stock Option 7th Stock Option 8th Stock Option 9th Stock Option 10th Stock Option 11th Stock Option 12th Stock Option
13th Stock Option
Persons Granted
3 directors of BOY and an executive
Number of Options Granted (Shares)
74,000
70,800 109,500 102,700 118,500
96,800 187,402.4 154,509.6 123,618.5 58,536.2
281,200
Date of Grant April 1, 2016
April 1, 2016 April 1, 2016 April 1, 2016 April 1, 2016 April 1, 2016 April 1, 2016 April 1, 2016 April 1, 2016 April 1, 2016
July 15, 2016
Exercise Price ¥1
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
1
Exercise Period From April 1, 2016 to July 7, 2040 From April 1, 2016 to July 6, 2041 From April 1, 2016 to July 5, 2042 From April 1, 2016 to July 4, 2043 From April 1, 2016 to July 4, 2044 From April 1, 2016 to July 6, 2045 From April 1, 2016 to September 11, 2042 From April 1, 2016 to August 13, 2043 From April 1, 2016 to August 12, 2044 From April 1, 2016 to August 11, 2045
From July 16, 2016 to July 15, 2046
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
  officer of BOY
6 directors of BOY officer of BOY
7 directors of BOY officers of BOY
7 directors of BOY officers of BOY
7 directors of BOY officers of BOY
7 directors of BOY officers of BOY
8 directors of HNB
8 directors of HNB
8 directors of HNB
8 directors of HNB
and an executive and 3 executive and 7 executive and 12 executive and 14 executive
7 directors and executive officers
of the Company,
19 directors and executive officers of BOY, and 6 directors of HNB

                                                                                                            The stock option activity is as follows:
3rd Stock Year Ended March 31, 2018 Option
Non-vested (shares):
April 1, 2017 — outstanding
Granted Canceled Vested
March 31, 2018 — outstanding Vested (shares):
April 1, 2017 — outstanding 36,200 Vested
Exercised (17,300)
Canceled
March 31, 2018 — outstanding 18,900
12th Stock Year Ended March 31, 2018 Option
Non-vested (shares):
April 1, 2017 — outstanding
Granted Canceled Vested
March 31, 2018 — outstanding Vested (shares):
April 1, 2017 — outstanding 40,575 Vested
Exercised (4,923)
Canceled (0.1) March 31, 2018 — outstanding 35,651.9
3rd Stock Year Ended March 31, 2019 Option
Non-vested (shares):
April 1, 2018 — outstanding
Granted Canceled Vested
March 31, 2019 — outstanding Vested (shares):
April 1, 2018 — outstanding 18,900 Vested
Exercised
Canceled
March 31, 2019 — outstanding 18,900
Exercise price ¥ 1 $0.01
Average stock price at exercise
Fair value price at grant date ¥ 368 $3.32
4th Stock Option
33,900 (8,700) 25,200
13th Stock Option
61,500
61,500
212,000 61,500 (46,400)
227,100
4th Stock Option
25,200
(8,800)
16,400 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 602 $5.42 ¥ 367 $3.31
5th Stock Option
57,300 (9,800) 47,500
6th Stock Option
59,700 (7,600) 52,100
7th Stock Option
75,300 (19,300) 56,000
8th Stock Option
67,000 (18,600) 48,400
9th Stock Option
147,693
(18,826) (0.8)
128,866.2
10th Stock Option
122,211.9
(15,310) (0.3)
106,901.6
11th Stock Option
98,245.6
(12,010) (0.2)
86,235.4
Year Ended March 31, 2019 Non-vested (shares):
April 1, 2018 — outstanding Granted
Canceled
Vested
March 31, 2019 — outstanding
Vested (shares):
April 1, 2018 — outstanding
Vested Exercised Canceled
March 31, 2019 — outstanding Exercise price
Average stock price at exercise Fair value price at grant date
12th Stock Option
35,651.9
(24,614) (1.5)
11,036.4 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 571 $5.14 ¥ 877 $7.90
13th Stock Option
227,100 (121,400) 105,700
¥1 $0.01 ¥ 587 $5.29 ¥ 375 $3.38
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
      20. PER SHARE INFORMATION
Reconciliation of the differences between basic and diluted net income per share (“EPS”) for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, was as follows:
  Year Ended March 31, 2019
Basic EPS — Net income available to common stockholders Effect of dilutive warrants
Diluted EPS — Net income for computation
Year Ended March 31, 2018
Basic EPS — Net income available to common stockholders Effect of dilutive warrants
Diluted EPS — Net income for computation
Millions of Yen
Net Income
¥54,285
¥54,285
¥66,413
¥66,413
Thousands of
Shares Yen
Weighted-Average Shares
1,248,936 ¥43.46 493
1,249,430 ¥43.44
1,268,360 ¥52.36 864
1,269,225 ¥52.32
U.S. Dollars
EPS
         5th Stock Option
47,500
(18,500)
29,000 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 602 $5.42 ¥ 326 $2.94
6th Stock Option
52,100
(19,400)
32,700 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 596 $5.37 ¥ 486 $4.38
7th Stock Option
56,000
(16,000)
40,000 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 597 $5.38 ¥ 548 $4.94
8th Stock Option
48,400
(13,600)
34,800 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 597 $5.38 ¥ 691 $6.22
9th Stock Option
128,866.2
(91,210) (2.6)
37,653.6 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 571 $5.14 ¥ 294 $2.65
10th Stock Option
106,901.6
(74,170) (1.1)
32,730.5 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 571 $5.14 ¥ 394 $3.55
11th Stock Option
86,235.4
(59,616) (2.2)
26,617.2 ¥1 $0.01 ¥ 571 $5.14 ¥ 463 $4.17
$0.39 $0.39
        * In the calculation of basic EPS and diluted EPS, shares of the Company residing in the trust related to stock compensation system which are recognized as treasury shares in equity are included in treasury shares deducted in the calculation of weighted-average shares during the period. The average number of such treasury shares deducted is 963 thousand and 666 thousand, for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
21. OTHER OPERATING INCOME
Other operating income for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following: Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 14,792
21,200 5,798 224,549 88,831 $355,170
  2019
Total ¥39,427
2018
¥ 1,640 1,797 2,221 25,820 10,903
¥42,384
   Gain on foreign exchange transactions – net
Gain on sales and redemption of bonds and other securities
Gain on derivatives
Lease receipts
Other 9,861
¥ 1,642 2,353 643 24,927
    73 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 74

                                                                                                            22. OTHER INCOME
Other income for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
2019
Total ¥16,777
23. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
Other operating expenses for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following: Millions of Yen
25. INCOME TAXES
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 99,518
19,918
31,695 $151,131
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 70,360
3,169 205,486 75,612 $354,627
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 414
6,264 10,438 1,758 54,302 73,177 $146,353
The Group is subject to Japanese national and local income taxes which, in the aggregate, resulted in normal effective statutory tax rates of approximately 30.6% and 30.9% for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 respectively.
The tax effects of significant temporary differences which resulted in deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
     Gain on sales of stock and other securities
Recovery of claims previously charged-off
Gain on disposals of non-current assets
Other 3,518
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$220,900 70,750 21,766 108,054
(48,959) 372,511
285,212 56,242 80,028
421,482 $ 48,971
¥11,047 2,211
2018
¥ 7,075 1,977 141 3,765
¥12,959
   Deferred tax assets:
Allowance for loan losses
Net defined benefit liability
Write-downs of securities
Other 11,995
2019
2018
¥25,614 7,410 2,619 10,517
(4,962) 41,199
38,040 6,243 7,807
52,090 ¥10,891
      ¥24,522 7,854 2,416
  (5,434)
41,352
Deferred tax liabilities:
Net unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities
Gain on contribution of the employees’ retirement benefit trust
Other 8,883
Total deferred tax liabilities 46,788
Net deferred tax liabilities ¥ 5,436
Less valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
        2019
Total ¥39,367
24. OTHER EXPENSES
Other expenses for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
2018
¥20,225 155 23,651 9,402
¥53,435
31,661 6,243
   Losses on sales and redemption of bonds and other securities
Losses on write-downs of bonds and other securities
Lease costs
Other 8,393
¥ 7,810 351 22,810
             2019
2018
Millions of Yen
¥ 841 141 859
5,473 5,983
¥13,299
26. LEASES
Lessor
A consolidated subsidiary leases certain equipment and other assets to various customers. The net lease investment assets are summarized as follows:
A reconciliation between the normal effective statutory tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, and the actual effective tax rates reflected in the accompanying consolidated statement of income is not required under Japanese accounting standards due to immaterial differences.
     ¥
Total ¥16,246
Losses on sales of stocks and other securities
Losses on write-downs of stocks and other securities
Loss on disposals of non-current assets
Impairment loss
Direct charge-off of loans
Other 8,123
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $581,982
15,380 (34,267)
$563,095
45 695 1,158 195 6,028
       Gross lease receivables Unguaranteed residual values Unearned interest income
Lease investment assets
2019 ¥64,605 1,707
(3,803)
¥62,509
2018 ¥63,725
1,747 (3,836)
¥61,636
          Maturities of lease receivables for finance leases that are deemed to transfer ownership of the leased property to the lessee were as follows:
Year Ending March 31 2020
2021
2022
Millions of Yen ¥2,513
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$22,643 12,956 6,268 4,533 3,580 7,378 $57,358
   1,438 695 503 397 819 Total ¥6,367
2023
2024
2025
and thereafter
      75 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 76

                                                                                                            Maturities of lease investment assets for finance leases that are not deemed to transfer ownership of the leased property to the lessee were as follows:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
Similar to other market transactions, derivative transactions are subject to a variety of risks, including market, credit, and liquidity. Among those risks, the Group emphasizes establishing a risk management structure to understand and manage market risk and credit risk.
Certain consolidated subsidiaries hold lease receivables and installment receivables. These financial instruments are exposed to market risks from changes in variable interest rates and credit risk.
(3) Risk Management for Financial Instruments
(a) Credit risk management
Under the consensus that credit risk is the risk with most influence on the Group’s financial stability, the Company has established a “Credit Policy” and takes every initiative to optimize its credit portfolio management and credit control of individual accounts.
In addition, the Company has developed an “Internal Credit Rating System” and a “Self-Assessment System” to categorize the credibility of debtors and individual loan projects from an independent point of view.
The Company monitors the credit risk management situation of the Group and the credit concentration risk of the whole our group. The Company provides guidance and advice as needed.
(b) Market risk management (foreign exchange risk and interest risk)
It is a fundamental policy of the Company to enter into market transactions that appropriately meet customers’ needs, which have been increasingly diversified due to the development of financial engineering (such as the emergence of various derivative transactions), as well as in transactions that enhance the profitability of the Group.
Management obtains the information related to the characteristic of the subsidiaries’ market risks for the risk evaluation and decision. Those actions are for monitoring whether the subsidiaries undertake appropriate risks with its financial strength and the returns are appropriate for those risks.
The status of compliance with various risk limits and profit and loss situation of the market business are directly reported to management on a daily basis. Those are based on the reports from the risk management post of the subsidiary. And those report the situation of the market risk in ALM and risk management meeting held every month.
Each bank of the Group separates the market operations into trading operations and banking operations. Each bank of the Group’s trading operations include profit-generating trading transactions that take advantage of short-term fluctuations and differences in value among markets in indices, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and market quotations of financial instruments. The trading operations also deal with transactions for the purpose of mitigating possible losses incurred from the above-mentioned transactions. The financial instruments that are allowed to be dealt with in the trading operations include Japanese government bonds (“JGBs”), JGB futures, interest rate swaps, and interest rate futures. Operations other than trading operations are defined as banking operations. The trading operations are carried out in a rigid manner in compliance with each bank of the Group’s internal rules on definition of trading transactions, authorities for fair value calculation, and its methods.
The Group currently utilizes various effective measurement methods suitable for operational features and investment policies, in addition to Value-at-Risk(“VaR”) and Basis Point Value, to quantify market risk.
The Group performs quantitative analysis on market risks relating to all financial instruments in principle, using mainly VaR. In calculating VaR, the Company uses the historical simulation method (confidence interval: 99.9%, observation period: 1,250 days). As for holding periods, the Group has set 10 days for financial instruments for trading purposes and periods considered appropriate (primarily from one month to one year, based on the position settlement periods and other factors) for financial instruments for nontrading purposes (those for banking operations).
The aggregate amount of the market risks (estimated loss amount) of the Group’s trading business was ¥31 million ($279 thousand) and ¥21 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The aggregate amount of the market risks of the banking business, excluding market risks of unlisted equity securities and other financial instruments whose fair value cannot be reliably determined, stood at ¥136,102 million ($1,226,034 thousand) and ¥141,290 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. It should be noted that the aggregate amounts of market risks represent a simple sum of amounts of each market risk categorized by risk type.
It should be noted that VaR measures the amount of market risk at certain probability levels statistically calculated based on historical market fluctuations, and therefore, there may be cases where market risks cannot be captured in such situations where market conditions are changing dramatically beyond what was experienced historically.
Year Ending March 31 2020
2021
2022
Millions of Yen ¥19,485
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$175,528 136,083 105,568
72,263 50,245 42,295
$581,982
   15,106 11,719 8,021 5,577 4,695 Total ¥64,605
2023
2024
2025
and thereafter
The minimum rental commitments under noncancelable operating leases as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
      Due within one year Due after one year
Total ¥906
27. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RELATED DISCLOSURES
(1) Group Policies for Financial Instruments
¥907 $8,162
Millions of Yen
2019
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2018 2019
¥187 $1,967
     ¥218
687 720 6,195
    The Group engages in banking as its mainstay business, as well as securities, leasing, conducting survey research and other information services, venture capital, and other financial service businesses. As the Group positions services exclusively for local small- and medium-sized businesses and individuals as its core business, it is a fundamental policy of the Group to aim to minimize any adverse effects of economic fluctuations and the changing market environment and to provide financial services reliably. Under this policy, the Group endeavors to maintain sound management by continuously identifying, assessing, monitoring, and controlling the various risks inherent in financial instruments that correspond to the strategic goals of the Company, including medium-term management plans and management policies.
(2) Nature and Extent of Risks Arising from Financial Instruments
The financial assets of the Group, which mainly consist of loans to small- and medium-sized businesses and personal housing loans, are exposed to customer credit risk. Securities mainly consist of debt securities, equity securities, and investment trusts, and are accounted for as trading securities, held-to-maturity securities, and available-for-sale securities. These securities are exposed to issuers’ credit risk and the risk of market price fluctuations.
The financial liabilities of the Group are mainly personal deposits, which consist of liquidity deposits and fixed deposits. These deposits are exposed to liquidity risk, such as losses generated by unexpected withdrawals.
There are certain mismatches in interest rates and contract periods between financial assets, such as loans, and financial liabilities, such as deposits, that are exposed to market risks from changes in variable interest rates. However, a part of this risk is mitigated by using interest-rate swap derivatives.
Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are exposed to foreign exchange risk that affects those values with changes of foreign currency exchange rates.
The Group uses swaps, futures, forward and option contracts, and other similar types of contracts based on either interest rates, foreign exchange rates, or securities prices. These financial instruments are used in trading activities to generate trading revenues and fee income and are also used in Asset and Liability Management (“ALM”) activities to control exposure to fluctuations in such market rates or prices.
The Group uses derivatives to provide customers with risk-hedging methods, to complement their ALM activities, to hedge market risks, and to strengthen earnings. The Group carefully studies the risks involved with derivative transactions and maintains a policy of limiting the volume of the risks within a range that it is capable of controlling based on its financial strength.
Derivatives used for hedging purposes are recorded on the basis of hedge accounting in accordance with the Japanese accounting standard for financial instruments. Such derivatives are interest rate swaps, currency swaps, and forward exchange contracts that are utilized to control the risks from loans and bills discounted, bonds, foreign currency monetary claims and debt, and equity. The Group reviews the effectiveness of hedging activities using the methods permitted under the accounting standards.
77 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 78

                                                                                                            (c) Liquidity risk management
Managing liquidity risk is recognized as a top-priority issue for the Group. Each bank of the Group closely stipulates its internal regulations and the methods of liquidity risk management to be used in day-to-day operations, as well as appropriate countermeasures to be taken in case of concern or in critical situations regarding liquidity risk.
Risk supervisory department directly reports the status of compliance with various risk limits to management on a daily basis. Those are based on the reports from the risk management post of the subsidiaries. The situation of the liquidity risk and the situation of the fund raising are reported in ALM and risk management meeting held every month.
In case of concern or in critical situations related to liquidity risk for the subsidiary, the Company will take necessary actions for those issues. The crisis committee will order to set the task force in the subsidiary if the committee concludes it is necessary based on the reports from the subsidiary.
(4) Supplementary Explanation on Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The fair values of financial instruments are based on their market prices and, in cases where market prices are not readily available, reasonably calculated prices. Such prices have been calculated using certain assumptions and these prices may differ if calculated based on different assumptions.
(5) Fair Values of Financial Instruments
Fair values of financial instruments are based on quoted prices in active markets. If quoted prices are not available, other rational valuation techniques are used instead.
March 31, 2018
(1) Cash and due from banks (2) Call loans and bills bought (3) Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities
Available-for-sale securities (4) Loans and bills discounted
Allowance for loan losses*1
Net
Total assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Negotiable certificates of deposit
(3) Call money and bills sold
(4) Payables under securities lending transactions (5) Borrowed money
Total liabilities
Derivative instruments*2:
Hedge accounting is not applied Hedge accounting is applied
Total derivative instruments
Millions of Yen Fair Value
¥ 2,954,291 280,177
188,924 2,139,153
12,458,823 ¥18,021,371
¥15,496,953 186,776 716,410 135,914 655,517 ¥17,191,572
¥ 10,893 2,641 ¥ 13,535
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
   Carrying Amount
¥ 2,954,291 280,177
181,836 2,139,153 12,445,889
(52,649)
12,393,240
¥17,948,700
¥15,496,142 186,776 716,410 135,914 655,517
¥17,190,761
¥ 10,893 2,641
¥ 13,535
Unrealized Gain/Loss
¥ 7,087
65,583 ¥72,671
¥ 810
¥ 811
                   (a) Fair value of financial instruments
March 31, 2019
(1) Cash and due from banks (2) Call loans and bills bought (3) Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities
Available-for-sale securities (4) Loans and bills discounted
Allowance for loan losses*1
Net
Total assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Negotiable certificates of deposit
(3) Call money and bills sold
(4) Payables under securities lending transactions (5) Borrowed money
Total liabilities
Derivative instruments*2:
Hedge accounting is not applied Hedge accounting is applied
Total derivative instruments
Carrying Amount
¥ 2,969,305 256,899
174,879 2,282,733 12,661,999
(52,596)
12,609,403
¥18,293,221
¥15,945,423 234,633 496,364 307,071 489,630
¥17,473,122
¥ 9,122 (4,454)
¥ 4,668
Millions of Yen Fair Value
¥ 2,969,305
256,899
180,125 2,282,733
12,684,943 ¥18,374,007
¥15,946,063 234,633 496,364 307,071 489,630 ¥17,473,761
¥ 9,122 (4,454)
¥ 4,668
Unrealized Gain/Loss
¥ 5,245
75,540 ¥80,785
March 31, 2019 Carrying Amount (1) Cash and due from banks $ 26,748,094 (2) Call loans and bills bought 2,314,201 (3) Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities 1,575,350
Available-for-sale securities 20,563,315 (4) Loans and bills discounted 114,061,792
Allowance for loan losses*1 (473,799)
Net 113,587,993
Total assets $164,788,953
(1) Deposits $143,639,524 (2) Negotiable certificates of deposit 2,113,625 (3) Call money and bills sold 4,471,346 (4) Payables under securities lending transactions 2,766,156 (5) Borrowed money 4,410,686
Total liabilities $157,401,337
Fair Value
$ 26,748,094 2,314,201
1,622,605 20,563,315
114,268,473 $165,516,688
$143,645,285 2,113,625 4,471,346 2,766,156 4,410,686 $157,407,098
$ 82,182 (40,132)
$ 42,050
Unrealized Gain/Loss
$ 47,255
680,480 $727,735
$ 5,761
$ 5,761
                                   ¥
¥
639
639
               Derivative instruments*2:
Hedge accounting is not applied $ Hedge accounting is applied
Total derivative instruments $
82,182 (40,132)
42,050
            79 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 80
*1 Allowances for loan losses relevant to loans and bills discounted have been deducted.
*2 Derivative instruments include derivative transactions, both in trading assets and liabilities and other assets and liabilities. Derivative instruments
are presented net of assets and liabilities associated with derivative transactions.

                                                                                                            Assets
(1) Cash and Due from Banks
The book values of due from banks with no maturities approximate fair value. For due from banks with maturities, the book values approximate fair value because they have short maturities of one year or less.
(2) Call Loans and Bills Bought
The book values of call loans and bills bought approximate fair value because they have short maturities of one year or less.
(3) Securities
The fair values of marketable equity securities are measured at the quoted market price of the stock exchange for equity instruments. Fair values of bonds are measured at the reference statistical price of the Japan Securities Dealers Association or the quoted price obtained from financial institutions. Fair values of investment trusts are measured at the quoted price.
The fair values of private placements with floating interest rates approximate their book values as long as customers’ credit risks have not changed significantly after issuance because the market rates are promptly reflected in the floating interest rates. The fair values of private placements with fixed interest rates are determined by discounting future cash flows at the rate that consists of the risk-free rate and the credit risk premium that corresponds to the internal credit rating.
(4) Loans and Bills Discounted
The book values of loans and bills discounted with floating interest rates approximate fair value as long as customers’ credit risks have not changed significantly after lending because the market rates are promptly reflected in the floating interest rates.
The fair values of loans and bills discounted with fixed interest rates are mainly determined by discounting the future cash flows at rates that consist of the risk-free rate and the credit risk premium that corresponds to the internal credit rating. The book values of loans and bills discounted with maturities less than one year approximate fair value because of their short maturities.
For loans to customers deemed as “legal bankruptcy,” “virtual bankruptcy,” and “possible bankruptcy,” an allowance for credit losses is provided based on the DCF method or based on amounts expected to be collected through the disposal of collateral or execution of guarantees. The book value, net of the reserve, as of the consolidated balance sheet date is a reasonable estimate of the fair values of those loans.
The book values of loans and bills discounted that do not have fixed maturities due to loan characteristics, such as limited loan amounts within the value of pledged assets, approximate fair value due to their expected repayment periods and interest rate conditions.
Liabilities
(1) Deposits and (2) Negotiable certificates of deposit
The fair values of demand deposits are recognized as payment at the date of the consolidated balance sheet. The fair values of time deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit are determined by discounting the contractual cash flows grouped by product and by the remaining duration at the rates that would be applied for similar new contracts. The book values of the deposits with maturities less than one year approximate fair value because of their short-term maturities.
(3) Call Money and Bills Sold and (4) Payables under securities lending transactions
The book values of call money and bills sold and payables under securities lending transactions approximate fair value because they have short maturities of one year or less.
(5) Borrowed Money
The book value of borrowed money with floating interest rates approximates fair value because the market rates are promptly reflected in the floating interest rate and the credit risks of the Group have not changed significantly after borrowing. The fair value of borrowed money with fixed interest rates is determined by discounting future cash flows at the rate that would be applied for similar new contracts. The book value of borrowed money with maturity of less than one year approximates fair value because of its short maturity period.
Derivatives
The fair values of derivative instruments are measured at the market price or determined using the discounted cash flow method or option-pricing model.
(b)Consolidated balance sheet amount of financial instruments whose fair value cannot be reliably determined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$ 75,996 70,128 $146,124
fair values cannot be reliably
March 31, 2019 and 2018,
     Equity securities without readily available market price*1*2*3 Investments in partnerships*3*4*5
Total
2019
¥ 8,436 7,784
¥16,221
2018
¥ 8,874 5,773
¥14,648
    *1 Equity securities without readily available market price are out of the scope of the fair value disclosure because their determined.
*2 Equity securities in affiliates are not included and totaled ¥638 million ($5,755 thousand) and ¥73 million as of respectively.
*3 During the year ended March 31, 2019, impairment losses on equity securities without a readily available market price of ¥80 million ($729 thousand) and on investments in partnerships of ¥5 million ($45 thousand) were recognized.
During the year ended March 31, 2018, impairment losses on equity securities without a readily available market price of ¥141 million and on investments in partnerships of ¥14 million were recognized.
*4 Investments in partnerships, the assets of which comprise equity securities without a readily available market price, are out of the scope of the fair value disclosure.
*5 Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates are not included, and totaled ¥2,470 million ($22,257 thousand) and ¥2,172 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(6) Maturity Analysis for Financial Assets and Liabilities with Contractual Maturities
 March 31, 2019
Due from banks
Call loans and bills bought Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities
Available-for-sale securities with contractual maturities
Loans and bills discounted
Due in 1 Year or Less
¥2,827,641 256,899
18,482
396,877 2,614,856
Due after 1 Year through 3 Years
¥ 146,566
231,682 2,122,233
¥2,500,482
Due after 1 Year through 3 Years
Millions
Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
¥ 149,968 1,567,548
¥1,717,517
Millions
Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
of Yen
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
¥ 10,000
72,543 1,106,723
¥1,189,266
of Yen
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
Due after 10 Years
¥1,012,739 3,678,731
¥4,691,471
Due after 10 Years
¥ 561,513 3,520,389
¥4,081,903
Due after 10 Years
  ¥
130,501 1,261,024
 Total ¥6,114,756
Due in 1 Year March 31, 2018 or Less
Due from banks ¥2,812,013 Call loans and bills bought 280,177 Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities 7,030 Available-for-sale securities
with contractual maturities 361,628 Loans and bills discounted 2,681,527
Total ¥6,142,378
¥1,391,526
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
    ¥ 2,205,211
4,000
84,582 999,989
67,491 564,523
¥ 1,525,688
97,557 148,878
¥ 1,216,557
¥
¥1,088,572
6,000 116,346
 ¥2,837,226
Due after 1 Year through 3 Years
$ 1,320,296
2,087,045 19,117,502
$22,524,843
¥1,772,123
¥1,338,903
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
 Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 March 31, 2019
Due from banks
Call loans and bills bought Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities
Available-for-sale securities with contractual maturities
Loans and bills discounted
Total
Due in 1 Year or Less
$25,471,952 2,314,201
166,489
3,575,151 23,555,144
$55,082,937
Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
$ 1,350,946 14,120,791
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
  $
90,082
653,488 $ 1,175,587 $ 9,122,961 9,969,580 11,359,560 33,138,741
 $15,471,737 $10,713,150 $12,535,147 $42,261,702
 81 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 82
Note:As of March 31, 2019, loans and bills discounted whose cash flow cannot be estimated, such as “legal bankruptcy,” “virtual bankruptcy,” and “possible bankruptcy” loans, amounting to ¥168,665 million ($1,519,368 thousand) and loans and bills discounted with no contractual maturities amounting to ¥143,813 million ($1,295,503 thousand) are not included.
As of March 31, 2018, loans and bills discounted whose cash flow cannot be estimated, such as “legal bankruptcy,” “virtual bankruptcy,” and “possible bankruptcy” loans, amounting to ¥166,701 million and loans and bills discounted with no contractual maturities amounting to ¥131,687 million are not included.

                                                                                                            March 31, 2019
Due in 1 Year or Less
Due after 1 Year through 3 Years
¥541,990
251,136
¥793,127
Due after 1 Year through 3 Years
¥556,231
258,078
¥814,309
Due after 1 Year through 3 Years
$4,882,359
2,262,287
$7,144,646
Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
¥229,971
6,705
¥236,676
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
¥7,131
2,368
¥9,500
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
¥12,274
10,461
¥22,735
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
¥12,459
11,605
¥24,064
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
$110,568
94,239
$204,807
Due after 10 Years
Contract Amount Due after One Year
¥1,004,546 867,977 941,120 14,106 12,910
504 582
4,792 4,792
Millions of Yen
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
The Group’s derivative contracts that were not quoted on listed exchanges, outstanding as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows: Millions of Yen
       Deposits ¥15,154,055
March 31, 2019
Interest rate contracts:
Interest rate swaps:
Receive fixed and pay floating Receive floating and pay fixed Receive floating and pay floating
Caps and others written
Caps and others purchased Foreign exchange:
Currency swaps
Forward exchange contracts — written Forward exchange contracts — purchased Options written
Options purchased
March 31, 2018
Interest rate contracts:
Interest rate swaps:
Receive fixed and pay floating Receive floating and pay fixed Receive floating and pay floating
Contract Amount
¥1,182,668 1,147,317 1,239,070
15,011 12,910
705 35,271 37,076 9,708 10,179
Contract Amount
¥1,286,715 1,264,366 1,429,310
Fair Value
¥ 30,770 (22,543)
981 (23)
30
1 (135)
42 (310)
317
Unrealized Gain/Loss
¥ 30,770 (22,543)
981 201 30
1 (135)
42 232
(120)
     Negotiable certificates of deposit
Call money and bills sold
Payables under securities lending transactions
Borrowed money
Total
March 31, 2018
Deposits
Negotiable certificates of deposit
Call money and bills sold
Payables under securities lending transactions
Borrowed money
Total
March 31, 2019
Deposits
Negotiable certificates of deposit
Call money and bills sold
Payables under securities lending transactions
Borrowed money
234,633 496,364
307,071 218,958
¥16,411,082
Due in 1 Year or Less
¥14,665,921
186,776 716,410
135,914 247,118
¥15,952,141
Due in 1 Year or Less
$136,510,722
2,113,625 4,471,346
2,766,156 1,972,423
Millions of Yen
   Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
¥251,936
135,479
¥387,416
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
¥5,833
3,235
¥9,068
Due after 10 Years
¥3,761
¥3,761
Due after 10 Years
Millions of Yen
Contract Amount Due after One Year
¥1,117,972 990,201 1,118,570 13,658 10,625
690 255
6,078 6,078
             Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Fair Value Unrealized Gain/Loss
¥ 30,080 ¥ 30,080 (20,386) (20,386)
329 329 (96) 141 100 100
5 5 4,265 4,265
(3,433) (3,433) (518) 251
547 (97)
 Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
$2,071,633
60,400
$2,132,033
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
$64,243
21,337
$85,580
Caps and others written 14,192
Caps and others purchased 10,625 Foreign exchange:
   Total $147,834,272
Currency swaps
Forward exchange contracts — written Forward exchange contracts — purchased Options written
Options purchased
March 31, 2019
Interest rate contracts:
Interest rate swaps:
Receive fixed and pay floating Receive floating and pay fixed Receive floating and pay floating
1,808 101,311 106,609 12,927 13,858
Contract Amount
$10,653,711 10,335,258 11,161,787
 Note: The cash flow of demanded deposits is included in “Due in 1 Year or Less.”
28. DERIVATIVE INFORMATION
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
         Derivative Transactions to Which Hedge Accounting Is Not Applied at March 31, 2019 and 2018
Contract Amount Due after One Year
$9,049,155 7,818,908 8,477,795
127,078 116,297
4,545 5,250
43,170 43,170
Fair Value
$ 277,187 (203,079)
8,837 (209)
277
14 (1,220)
380 (2,802)
2,861
Unrealized Gain/Loss
$ 277,187 (203,079)
8,837 1,819 277
14 (1,220)
380 2,095
(1,089)
The Group’s derivative contracts that were quoted on listed exchanges, outstanding as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows: Millions of Yen
    March 31, 2019
Bond contracts — Futures written
March 31, 2018
Bond contracts — Futures written
March 31, 2019
Bond contracts — Futures written
Contract Amount
¥2,292
Contract Amount
¥1,506
Contract Amount
$20,648
Contract Amount Due after One Year
Millions of Yen
Contract Amount Due after One Year
Fair Value
¥(7)
Fair Value
Unrealized Gain/Loss
¥(7)
Unrealized Gain/Loss
Unrealized Gain/Loss
$(64)
Caps and others written 135,226
Caps and others purchased 116,297 Foreign exchange:
            Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Currency swaps
Forward exchange contracts — written Forward exchange contracts — purchased Options written
Options purchased
6,355 317,731 333,996 87,461 91,702
    Contract Amount Due after One Year
Fair Value
$(64)
     83 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 84

                                                                                                            Derivative Transactions to Which Hedge Accounting Is Applied at March 31, 2019 and 2018
The Group’s derivative contracts that were not quoted on listed exchanges, outstanding as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
29. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Millions of Yen
Contract Amount Due after
Contract Amount One Year
¥105,000 ¥105,000 163,706 164
66,841 66,786
Millions of Yen
Contract Amount Due after
Contract Amount One Year
¥239,519
39,151 ¥39,133
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$ (59,514) (121,226) (180,740)
53,417 $(127,323)
The components of other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Concordia Financial Group, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2019
      March 31, 2019
Deferral hedge accounting:
Interest rate contracts – Interest rate swaps – receive floating and pay fixed
Foreign exchange – Currency swaps
Special hedging treatment:
Interest rate contracts – Interest rate swaps – receive floating and pay fixed
March 31, 2018
Deferral hedge accounting:
Foreign exchange – Currency swaps
Special hedging treatment:
Interest rate contracts – Interest rate swaps – receive floating and pay fixed
March 31, 2019
Deferral hedge accounting:
Interest rate contracts – Interest rate swaps – receive floating and pay fixed
Foreign exchange – Currency swaps
Special hedging treatment:
Interest rate contracts – Interest rate swaps – receive floating and pay fixed
Hedged Item
Available-for-sale securities
Deposits denominated in foreign currencies, due from banks denominated in foreign currencies, etc.
Loans and bills discounted, etc.
Hedged Item
Deposits denominated in foreign currencies, due from banks denominated in foreign currencies, etc.
Loans and bills discounted, etc.
Hedged Item
Available-for-sale securities
Deposits denominated in foreign currencies, due from banks denominated in foreign currencies, etc.
Loans and bills discounted, etc.
Fair Value
¥(3,927) (527)
Fair Value
¥2,641
Fair Value
$(35,384) (4,748)
2019 Gains arising during the year ¥ (6,606)
2018
    Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities:
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss (13,457)
¥
¥ ¥
¥ ¥
¥ ¥
21,893 (16,366)
5,527 (1,573) 3,953
(1,813) 1,890 77
(23) 53
146 1,826 1,973
(603) 1,369 5,376
       Amount before income tax effect (20,063) Income tax effect 5,929
Total ¥(14,134)
      Deferred gains or losses on hedges:
Gains arising during the year ¥ Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount before income tax effect Income tax effect
Total ¥
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans:
Adjustments arising during the year ¥ Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount before income tax effect Income tax effect
Total ¥
(4,504) 638
(3,866) 1,183
(2,683)
(2,844) 182
(2,661) 814
(1,847)
$
$ $
(40,581) 5,754
(34,827) 10,657 (24,170)
(25,621) 1,646
(23,975) 7,334
                      Total other comprehensive income ¥(18,664)
30. SEGMENT INFORMATION
$ $(168,134)
(16,641)
         Contract Amount
$ 945,861 1,474,700
602,124
Contract Amount Due after One Year
$945,861 1,478
601,624
Under the ASBJ Statement No. 17, “Accounting Standard for Segment Information Disclosures,” and ASBJ Guidance No. 20, “Guidance on Accounting Standard for Segment Information Disclosures,” an entity is required to report financial and descriptive information about its reportable segments. Reportable segments are operating segments or aggregations of operating segments that meet specified criteria. Operating segments are components of an entity about which separate financial information is available, and such information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decisionmaker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Generally, segment information is required to be reported on the same basis as is used internally for evaluating operating segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources to operating segments.
Segment information has been omitted because the Group operates in one segment, the banking business.
    The above interest rate swaps with special hedging treatment that qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not remeasured at market value, but the differential paid or received under the swap agreements is recognized and included in interest expense or income. In addition, the fair value of such interest rate swaps in Note 27 is included in the hedged items (i.e., loans and bills discounted).
85 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 86

                                                                                                            Non-Consolidated Financial Statements
 31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
a. Related Party Transactions
Transactions between subsidiaries of the Company and Related Parties Directors of the Company or major shareholders (individuals only), etc.
For the fiscal year ended Mach 31, 2019
Makoto Torii
Kyoko Kawamura
Bank of Yokohama
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet
The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd. March 31, 2019 — Unaudited
ASSETS:
¥ 2,899,008 256,899 36,834 5,243 Securities 2,117,635
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$ 26,114,845 2,314,201 331,815 47,238 19,076,075 100,289,711 145,958 1,430,745 1,262,418 90,728 349,005 357,612
(383,427) $151,426,924
$129,005,780 827,254 4,471,346 123,650 2,543,324 1,023 4,345,190 3,555 623,704 28,144 374 1,561 19,473 5,784 142,983 148,404 357,612 142,649,161
1,942,425 1,596,653
345,772 3,939,745 646,056
(24,388) 331,500 8,777,763 $151,426,924
2019
2018
¥ 2,861,116 350,177 54,429 5,911 1,942,664 10,754,168 14,859 186,220 139,477 10,110 34,160 42,982
(43,044) ¥16,353,233
¥13,772,962 90,376 656,623 3,069 135,914 106 568,555 403 66,864 3,194 45 89 1,810 643 20,852 16,534 42,982 15,381,027
215,628 177,244
38,384 418,558 85,480
(24) 36,935 972,206 ¥16,353,233
Millions of Yen
        Name of Company or
Type of
Percentage of Voting Rights Held by the
Relations with Related
Type of
Amounts of the
Account Classification
Loans and bills discounted
Loans and bills discounted
Balance at the fiscal year-end
¥36 million ($325 thousand)
¥37 million ($341 thousand)
Balance at the fiscal year-end
¥38 million
¥39 million
Cash and due from banks Call loans
Monetary claims bought Trading assets
Party
Classification Individual Address Capital Business Company Party Transaction Transactions
  Director or Close relative of a director
Director or Close relative of a director
An auditor of a subsidiary
Close relative of an auditor of a subsidiary
Credit
transaction Lending*
Credit
transaction Lending*
Loans and bills discounted Foreign exchanges
Other assets
Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets
Prepaid pension costs
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Allowance for loan losses
11,133,160 16,202 158,826 140,141 10,071 38,742 39,698
(42,564)
    * The terms and conditions of transactions and policies of determining the terms and conditions are similar to general cases. For the fiscal year ended Mach 31, 2018
Account Classification
Loans and bills discounted
Loans and bills discounted
TOTAL ¥16,809,902
LIABILITIES:
Deposits ¥14,320,931
        Name of Company or
Type of
Percentage of Voting Rights Held by the
Relations with Related
Type of
Amounts of the
Party
Classification Individual Address Capital Business Company Party Transaction Transactions
Negotiable certificates of deposit
Call money
Payables under repurchase agreements Payables under securities lending transactions Trading liabilities
Borrowed money
Foreign exchanges
Other liabilities
Provision for bonuses
Provision for directors’ bonuses Provision for share-based compensation Provision for reimbursement of deposits Provision for contingent losses
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
EQUITY:
Capital stock — common stock — authorized, 3,000,000 thousand shares in 2019 and 2018; issued, 1,204,576 thousand shares in 2019 and 2018
Capital surplus Retained earnings:
Legal retained earnings
Other retained earnings
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land
Total equity
TOTAL
91,833 496,364 13,726 282,334 113 482,359 394 69,237 3,124 41 173 2,161 642 15,872 16,474 39,698
15,835,483
215,628 177,244
38,384 437,351 71,718
(2,707) 36,799
974,419
¥16,809,902
  Director or Close relative of a director
Director or Close relative of a director
Makoto Torii
Kyoko Kawamura
An auditor of a subsidiary
Close relative of an auditor of a subsidiary
Credit
transaction Lending*
Credit
transaction Lending*
    * The terms and conditions of transactions and policies of determining the terms and conditions are similar to general cases.
b. Notes to the Parent Company or Major Affiliated Companies
None
32. SUBSEQUENT EVENT
a. Appropriation of Retained Earnings
On May 14, 2019, the Board of Directors resolved the following appropriation of retained earnings: Appropriation of Retained Earnings as of March 31, 2019
        Year-end cash dividends - common stock (¥9.50 - $0.09 per share)
b. Acquisition of Treasury Shares
Millions of Yen ¥11,716
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$105,547
The Company adopted a resolution, at the Board of Director’s Meeting on May 14, 2019, to acquire its treasury shares pursuant to the provisions contained in the Articles of Incorporation established under Article 459, section 1 of the Corporation Law, as described below.
(1) Type of shares to be acquired
(2) Total number of shares to be acquired (3) Total value of shares to be acquired (4) Schedule of acquisition of shares
Common shares
31,000,000 shares (upper limit)
10.0 billion yen ($90,082 thousand) (upper limit) From May 16, 2019 to September 20, 2019
         87 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 88

                                                                                                            Non-Consolidated Financial Statements
 Non-Consolidated Statement of Income
The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Year Ended March 31, 2019 — Unaudited
INCOME:
Interest income:
Interest on loans and bills discounted Interest and dividends on securities Interest on call loans
Interest on due from banks
Other interest income
Fees and commissions Trading income
Other operating income Other income
Total income
EXPENSES:
Interest expenses:
Interest on deposits
Interest on negotiable certificates of deposit
Interest on call money
Interest on payables under repurchase agreements Interest on payables under securities lending transactions Interest on borrowed money
Other interest expenses
Fees and commissions
Other operating expenses
General and administrative expenses Provision of allowance for loan losses Other expenses
Total expenses
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES
INCOME TAXES:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$1,080,735 244,993 49,696 26,346 32,829 453,424 968 39,551 124,664 2,053,206
94,385 70 18,641 1,124 8,382 19,637 24,211 146,119 73,368 911,333 48,151 58,724 1,404,145
649,061
180,663 17,112 197,775
$ 451,286
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet
The Higashi-Nippon Bank, Limited March 31, 2019 — Unaudited
ASSETS:
Cash and due from banks
Call loans
Securities 365,085
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
    2019
¥119,972 27,196 5,516 2,924 3,644 50,334 107 4,390 13,838
227,926
10,477 7 2,069 124 930 2,179 2,687 16,220 8,144 101,167 5,345 6,518
155,874
72,052
2018
¥117,224 48,933 3,207 2,460 2,393 53,464 179 5,378 7,696
240,939
6,284 14 581 7 1,084 1,179 2,615 14,664 20,272 102,042 3,718 4,865
157,332
83,606
24,920 262
25,182
¥ 58,424
Millions of Yen
2019
1,598,067 1,433 10,147 30,099 6,107 399 6,076 1,831
(10,731)
2018
97,526 212 399,751 1,760,911 2,109 5,802 27,422 2,299 95 6,134 2,153
(9,872)
¥2,294,546
¥1,785,173 143,400 130,000
98,600 45 8,886 837 28 21 79 191 2,270 469 2,584 2,153
2,174,741
38,300 24,600
1,904 47,430 2,028
(47) 5,588
119,804
¥2,294,546
$
(96,674) $18,744,077
$15,241,357 1,727,772
222,832 360,328 115 50,647 7,352 237 347
1,020
5,528 23,285 16,498
17,657,318
345,014 221,604
17,154 439,820
12,886 (65)
50,346 1,086,759 $18,744,077
    Loans and bills discounted Foreign exchanges
Other assets
Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets
Prepaid pension costs
Deferred tax assets
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Allowance for loan losses
¥ 72,264
¥
650,969
3,288,759 14,395,708 12,912 91,411 271,139 55,017 3,600 54,738 16,498
      TOTAL ¥2,080,779
LIABILITIES:
Deposits ¥1,691,943
              Current 20,055 Deferred 1,899
Negotiable certificates of deposit
Call money
Payables under securities lending transactions Borrowed money
Foreign exchanges
Other liabilities
Provision for bonuses
Provision for directors’ bonuses
Provision for share-based compensation
Provision for retirement benefits
Provision for reimbursement of deposits
Provision for loss on cancellation of system contracts Provision for contingent losses
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
EQUITY:
Capital stock — common stock — authorized, 388,000 thousand shares in 2019 and 2018; issued, 176,869 thousand shares in 2019 and 2018
Capital surplus Retained earnings:
Legal retained earnings
Other retained earnings
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land
Total equity
TOTAL
191,800
24,736 40,000 12 5,622 816 26 38
113
613 2,584 1,831
1,960,138
38,300 24,600
1,904 48,824
1,430 (7)
5,588
120,641
¥2,080,779
  Total income taxes
NET INCOME
21,955
¥ 50,097
          89 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 90

                                                                                                            Non-Consolidated Statement of Income
The Higashi-Nippon Bank, Limited
Year Ended March 31, 2019 — Unaudited
INCOME:
Interest income:
Interest on loans and bills discounted Interest and dividends on securities Interest on call loans
Interest on due from banks
Other interest income
Fees and commissions Other operating income Other income
Total income
EXPENSES:
Interest expenses:
Interest on deposits
Interest on negotiable certificates of deposit
Interest on payables under securities lending transactions Other interest expenses
Fees and commissions
Other operating expenses
General and administrative expenses Provision of allowance for loan losses Other expenses
Total expenses
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES
INCOME TAXES:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2019
$211,288 40,531 59 124 166 31,783 2,425 29,845 316,221
2,400 116 57 680 13,565 99 214,976 24,631 40,581 297,105
19,116
3,826 2,731
Independent Auditor’s Report
   2019
¥23,455 4,499 6 13 18 3,528 269 3,313
35,103
266 12 6 75 1,505 10 23,864 2,734 4,504
32,981
2,122
2018
¥25,916 3,975 4 13 50 4,408 438 3,870
38,678
457 8
133 1,899 34 23,745 2,218 3,801
32,298
6,379
2,800 (654)
             Current 424 Deferred 303
  Total income taxes
NET INCOME
727
¥ 1,394
2,146 6,557
¥ 4,233 $ 12,559
    91 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 92

                                                                                                            Financial Highlights
Capital Ratio
  Concordia Financial Group
Years Ended March 31
At year-end:
Total assets
Cash and due from banks
Deposits 15,945,423 Loans and bills discounted 12,661,999 Securities 2,476,944
(Consolidated)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars** 2019
$170,679,193 26,748,094 143,639,524 114,061,792 22,312,801 10,450,842 1,351,937
$ 2,763,625 2,049,141 489,015
(Non-Consolidated)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars** 2019
$151,426,924 26,114,845 129,005,780 100,289,711 19,076,075 8,777,763 1,942,425
$ 2,053,206 1,404,145 451,286
(Non-Consolidated)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars** 2019
$18,744,077 650,969 15,241,357 14,395,708 3,288,759 1,086,759 345,014
$ 316,221 297,105 12,559
Concordia Financial Group (International standard)
(Billions of yen)
As of March 31, 2019
13.76% 13.00% 13.00%
1,153.0 1,089.8 1,089.7 8,377.7
670.2
As of March 31, 2019
14.47% 13.60% 13.59%
1,000.0 939.8 939.7 6,909.9 552.7
As of March 31, 2019
8.01% 113.9
1,421.4 56.8
[Consolidated]
As of March 31, 2018
12.97% 12.48% 12.47%
1,125.7 1,082.8 1,082.6 8,675.7
694.0
[Consolidated]
As of March 31, 2018
13.80% 13.23% 13.23% 968.0 927.8 927.6
7,011.3 560.9
[Consolidated]
As of March 31, 2018
7.58% 115.9
1,527.8 61.1
  Millions of Yen*
  2019
2018
¥18,660,581 2,954,291 15,496,142 12,445,889 2,337,884 1,154,002 150,078
     Total equity Capital stock
For the year:
Total income
Total expenses
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
¥
1,160,147 150,078
306,790 227,475 54,285
¥
327,742 230,439 66,413
¥18,947,097 2,969,305
(1) Total capital ratio (4)/(7)
(2) Tier 1 capital ratio (5)/(7)
(3) Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio (6)/(7) (4) Total capital
(5) Tier 1 capital
(6) Common equity Tier 1 capital
(7) Risk-weighted assets
(8) Total required capital (7)×8%
Bank of Yokohama (International standard)
(1) Total capital ratio (4)/(7)
(2) Tier 1 capital ratio (5)/(7)
(3) Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio (6)/(7) (4) Total capital
(5) Tier 1 capital
(6) Common equity Tier 1 capital
(7) Risk-weighted assets
(8) Total required capital (7)×8%
Higashi-Nippon Bank (Domestic standard)
(1) Capital adequacy ratio (2)/(3) (2) Total capital
(3) Risk-weighted assets
(4) Total required capital (3)×4%
      * Yen amounts have been rounded down to millions of yen.
** U.S. dollar amounts are translated, for reference only, at the rate of ¥111.01=$1 effective on March 31, 2019.
Bank of Yokohama
Years Ended March 31
At year-end:
Total assets
Cash and due from banks
Deposits 14,320,931 Loans and bills discounted 11,133,160 Securities 2,117,635 Total equity 974,419 Capital stock 215,628
For the year:
Total income ¥ 227,926 Total expenses 155,874 Net income 50,097
* Yen amounts have been rounded down to millions of yen.
** U.S. dollar amounts are translated, for reference only, at the rate of ¥111.01=$1 effective on March 31, 2019.
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Years Ended March 31
At year-end:
Total assets
Cash and due from banks
Deposits 1,691,943 Loans and bills discounted 1,598,067 Securities 365,085
(Billions of yen)
    Millions of Yen*
     2019
2018
¥16,353,233 2,861,116 13,772,962 10,754,168 1,942,664 972,206 215,628
  ¥16,809,902 2,899,008
    ¥
240,939 157,332 58,424
     (Billions of yen)
    Millions of Yen*
  2019
2018
¥2,294,546 97,526 1,785,173 1,760,911 399,751 119,804 38,300
¥ 38,678 32,298 4,233
    Total equity Capital stock
For the year: Total Income Total Expenses Net income
¥
120,641 38,300
35,103 32,981 1,394
¥2,080,779 72,264
    * Yen amounts have been rounded down to millions of yen.
** U.S. dollar amounts are translated, for reference only, at the rate of ¥111.01=$1 effective on March 31, 2019.
93 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 94

                                                                                                            Our Home Market
ESG-Related Data
Corporate Governance <CONCORDIA Financial Group>
 Potential of Kanagawa and Tokyo
Population (2018)
1st Tokyo (13.8Mn), 2nd Kanagawa (9.1Mn), 3rd Osaka/47 prefectures
Number of Businesses (2016)
1st Tokyo (685 thousand), 2nd Osaka, 3rd Aichi, 4th Kanagawa (307 thousand)/47 prefectures
Gross Prefectural Product (FY2015)
1st Tokyo (¥104.3Tn), 2nd Aichi, 3rd Osaka, 4th Kanagawa (¥33.9Tn)/47 prefectures
Manufacturing Output (2017)
1st Aichi, 2nd Kanagawa (¥17.9Tn),
3rd Shizuoka... 14th Tokyo (¥7.5Tn)/47 prefectures
Retail Sales (2015)
1st Tokyo (¥20.5Tn), 2nd Osaka,
3rd Kanagawa (¥9.3Tn)/47 prefectures
(Note) Sources
· Population, # of Businesses & Retail Sales: Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications · Gross Prefectural Product: Cabinet Office
· Manufacturing Output & Retail Sales: Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
Persons 77 Persons
Persons 55 Persons
Persons 01 Persons
    Item
Unit
FY2017
FY2018
  CONCORDIA Financial Group
   3
  3
   3
  3
  8.3
  16.66
  1
1
2
1
1
2
2
2
4
Tokyo Kanagawa
<BOY, HNB>
*: Including outside directors
Diversity
% 100.0
Persons 9 8 17 10 Persons
Persons 1 - 1 1
7 17 - 1
1,403 6,133 30.0 43.7
38.6 - 17.2 -
424 - 46 176
44 135
29 142
846 2,802 17.5 26.5
98
9 8 17 1 - 1
4,622 1,323 5,945 48.1 32.0 44.5
38.3 39.1 - 16.9 18.5 -
447 453 - 104 31 135
79 29 108
131 28 159
1,958 839 2,797 32.8 19.3 28.8
98.1
99.1
-
97.1
98.2
-
100.0
95.4
-
 Osaka
Aichi
%
Persons 4,694 1,428 Persons
% 47.2 29.1 Persons
Years 38.9 38.6 Years
Years 17.6 17.3
Years
¥1,000 444 417 Persons
Persons 100 33 Persons
Persons 83 29 Persons
Persons 106 24
%
Persons 1,973 906 Persons
% 28.2 17.5 Persons
 Item
Unit
BOY
FY2016
HNB
total
BOY
FY2017
HNB
total
BOY
FY2018
HNB
total
 Number of employees
 Of which, number of women employees
 Proportion of women employees
 Number of temporary employees and number of overseas local personnel hired
 Average age
 Average number of years at the bank
 Of which, average years of employ- ment for men
 Of which, average years of employ- ment for women
 Average monthly salary
 Personnel hired
 Of which, number of women personnel hired
 Total number of new graduates hired
 Of which, number of women personnel hired
 Number of administrative staff
 Of which, number of women administrative staff
 Proportion of women administrators
 Total number of administrators
 Of which, number of women administrators
 Proportion of women administrators
 Number of Persons taking parenting leave
    2,216
415
2,631
2,259
421
2,680
2,222
423
2,645
3,004
546
3,550
3,193
542
3,735
3,192
571
3,763
 Comparison between some countries’ and Tokyo/Kanagawa’s GDP (Gross Prefectural Domestic Product)
6,122 4,730 43.0 47.8
- 39.1 - 17.7
- 441 133 130
112 91
130 113
2,879 1,956 24.9 30.4
15.6
15.7
-
15.8
15.7
-
15.1
16.2
-
(USD Bn)
2,000.0
1,000.0
0.0
1,382.7 1,368.4
1,232.9 1,198.3 1,169.6 1,150.9
 13.4
10.5
-
13.7
10.4
-
13.2
10.8
-
226
88
314
232
90
322
186
53
239
868.5 860.7 859.4 758.3
191
79
270
185
88
273
159
50
209
329.3 325.5 292.7 291.5 290.2 282.3 270.5 244.0 Korea Russia Australia Spain Mexico Tokyo+ Tokyo Indonesia Turkey Netherlands Aichi Osaka Philippines Colombia Ireland Kanagawa Pakistan Chile
Kanagawa
1,132
509
1,641
1,082
484
1,566
1,077
458
1,535
9.4
4.7
8.3
10.4
6.0
9.4
12.2
6.1
10.4
(Note) Sources
· IMF “World Economic Outlook,’’ October 2018, Kanagawa Prefectural Government “Kanagawa Prefectural Indexes of Business Conditions’’ (FY2015), Tokyo Metropolitan government “Tokyo
Indexes of Business Conditions” (FY2015), Aichi Prefectural Government “Aichi Prefectural Indexes of Business Conditions’’ (FY2015), Osaka Prefectural Government “Osaka Prefectural Indexes of Business Conditions’’ (FY2015),
557
159
716
594
148
742
643
162
805
366
53
419
387
49
436
311
53
364
95 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 96
Number of directors
total
BOY
HNB
CONCORDIA Financial Group
   Of which, number of outside directors
 Auditors
 Of which, number of outside auditors
 Number of women directors
 Proportion of women directors
 Board of Directors average attendance rate
  Item
Unit
BOY
FY2016
HNB
FY2017
total
BOY
FY2018
HNB
total
 Number of directors
 Of which, outside directors
 Number of women directors (*)
 Board of Directors average attendance rate
          
                                                                                                            Environment
Board Members
(As of June 19, 2019)
 Total Amount of energy used Converted to petroleum
Item
Unit
BOY
FY2016
HNB
total
BOY
FY2017
HNB
total
BOY
FY2018
HNB
total
  Total amount of energy used
 Greenhouse gases (GHG) Scope 1 (direct emissions)
 Greenhouse gases (GHG) Scope 2 (indirect emissions)
 Total emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG)
 Amount of electricity used
 Amount of gasoline used *1
 Amount of paper purchased *2
 Of amount of paper purchased, amount of environmentally friendly paper *2
 Amount of waste generated *3
 Of amount of waste generated, final disposal amount *3
 Of amount of waste generated, amount recycled *3
 Total amount of water used *4
 Amount of cooling water inflow *5
     KL
GJ tCO2e
tCO2e
tCO2e 1,000kWh
11,132 757
21,566
1,498 12,630 61 818
2,524 24,090 26.1 413.2
6.8 81.4 25.4 76.9
5,332 79,555
11,071 751
20,990 362.4
68.1 56.9
71,185
1,441 12,512 61 812
2,524 23,514 26.1 388.5
6.8 74.9 25.4 82.3
5,344 76,529
10,815 793
20,273 347.1
66.3 65.6
69,207
1,462 12,277 232 1,025
2,107 22,380 25.2 372.3
1.1 67.4 13.7 79.3
5,505 74,712
Concordia Financial Group
Directors
Representative Director, President Directors
Outside Directors
Supervisory Board Members
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Bank of Yokohama
Directors
Representative Director, President Representative Director, Managing Executive Officer Directors and Managing Executive Officers
Directors and Executive Officers
Supervisory Board Members
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Outside Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Directors
Representative Director, President Representative Director, Deputy President Managing Directors
Directors
Supervisory Board Members
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member Audit & Supervisory Board Member Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Kenichi Kawamura Yasuyoshi Oya Tomoo Ookanda Yasutaka Nozawa Minoru Morio Naoko Nemoto Mitsuru Akiyoshi
Kazuhiro Maekawa Yoji Maekawa
Yasuyoshi Oya Yoshiyuki Oishi Shizumi Maesako Kazuhiro Okada Tadashi Komine Kenjiro Kanzawa Yoshiaki Suzuki
Shinya Yamada
Mitsuhiro Hara Junichi Iwabuchi Seiichi Fusamura Makoto Torii
Tomoo Ookanda Yasutaka Nozawa Minoru Karaki Takashi Sakai Akira Yamashita Yasunari Kawabata Noriyuki Otsuka
Kouji Metsugi Keiichiro Hashimoto Masaru Ono Noriko Koike
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officer Executive Officers
Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officers Executive Officers
Kenjiro Noda Mizuho Ogata Keiichiro Hashimoto
Tadashi Komine Akira Yamashita Kouji Maruyama Yutaka Awano Tatsuya Kataoka Mitsuyoshi Tanaka
Haruo Ezu Manabu Ishikawa Masahiko Sugiyama Kazuo Kubota Keigo Makino Kouji Maruyama Akira Ohki Yutaka Awano Yusuke Tasaka Tatsuya Kataoka Tohru Shiino Yutaro Koshiba Toshiya Kubota
Naofumi Fukao Naoki Osawa Akihiko Kuriyama Mitsuyoshi Tanaka Hisanaga Maejima Shuichi Osaki Shigeo Iida Mototsugu Kishiro Kouji Maruyama Isao Asukata Tatsuhiko Hasegawa
 431,485
58,054
489,539
429,124
55,834
484,958
419,198
56,661
475,859
20,809
2,463
23,272
20,239
2,463
22,702
19,480
1,875
21,355
38,315
5,722
44,037
38,312
5,722
44,034
37,067
5,638
42,705
KL 387.1 t
t 74.6 t
t 51.5
t
m³ 74,223
m³
109.8
23.4
133.2
107.0
23.4
130.4
100.5
44.4
144.9
790.1
181.2
971.3
851.5
181.2
1,032.7
569.9
218.0
787.9
 738.6
155.8
894.4
794.6
155.8
950.4
504.4
204.3
708.7
13,402
0
13,402
14,397
0
14,397
14,878
0
14,878
*1: Higashi-Nippon Bank tabulates the numbers for headquarters and branches in Metropolitan Tokyo.
*2: Bank of Yokohama tabulates the numbers for headquarters, Tokyo, and business centers in Metropolitan Tokyo.
Higashi-Nippon Bank tabulates the numbers for headquarters and business centers.
*3: Bank of Yokohama tabulates the numbers for headquarters and business centers in Metropolitan Tokyo.
Higashi-Nippon Bank tabulates the numbers for headquarters and business centers.
*4: Bank of Yokohama tabulates the numbers for headquarters and business centers in Metropolitan Tokyo.
Higashi-Nippon Bank tabulates the numbers for headquarters. *5: Bank of Yokohama tabulates the numbers for business centers.
Consumer Issues
  Unit
  Cases
Cases Cases Cases
Cases
Cases
Cases Cases Cases Cases
6,733 262 6,995 4,806 893 138 1,031 824 114 39 153 84
284 25 309 374 43 9 52 37
193 106 50
18 4
4,999 3,649 930 743 134 121
392 395 41 35
193 3,842 124 867 21 142
32 427 7 42
326 68,684 2 70
Executive Officers
Executive Officers
BOY
FY2016
HNB
total
FY2017
FY2018
 6,042
145
6,187
4,101
110
4,211
2,845
129
2,974
 5,119
7
5,126
3,277
4
3,281
2,102
5
2,107
577
78
655
621
30
651
683
43
726
250
21
271
210
12
222
253
9
262
0
23
23
0
16
16
0
16
16
Community
   ¥1,000 62,654 %
Schools 66 Persons
618 63,272 62,627 1 67 69
715 63,342 68,358 3 72 68
 0.10
0.01
0.09
0.10
0.02
0.10
0.11
0.02
0.11
1,454
3
1,457
856
27
883
730
6
736
97 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 98
Item
BOY
HNB
total
BOY
HNB
total
 Number of cases of customers con- sulting consultation room
 Of which, telephone consultation
 Complaints
 Inquiries
 Of which, number of Voice of Customer cards received
 Of which, number of Voices of Customer received on home page
 Complaints
 Wishes
 Compliments
 Others
  Item
Unit
BOY
FY2016
HNB
total
BOY
FY2017
HNB
total
BOY
FY2018
HNB
total
 Regional society activity expenses
 Regional society activity expenses/ Profits after tax
 Number of schools visiting for work place experiential learning
 Number of students visiting for work place experience
 
                                                                            Corporate Information
CORPORATE DATA
Concordia Financial Group
Company Name
Concordia Financial Group, Ltd.
Head Office
7-1, Nihonbashi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo (Tokyo Nihombashi Tower, 34th floor)
Tel: +81 (3) 5200-8201
(As of March 31, 2019)
  Bank of Yokohama
Company Name
The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Head Office
1-1, Minatomirai 3-chome, Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa 220-8611, Japan Tel: +81 (45) 225-1111
Higashi-Nippon Bank
Company Name
The Higashi-Nippon Bank, Limited
Head Office
11-2, Nihonbashi 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8238, Japan
Tel: +81 (3) 3273-6221
http://www.concordia-fg.jp/e/index.html
(As of March 31, 2019)
Number of Branches and Offices (As of June 30, 2019) 638
Domestic: 633 (202 branches, 5 sub-branches, 426 ATM locations) Overseas: 1 Branch, 4 Representative offices
INTERNATIONAL NETWORK (Bank of Yokohama)
Internet Address
http://www.higashi-nipponbank.co.jp/
North America
(As of July 31, 2019)
Asia
Shanghai Branch:
19F, Shanghai World Financial Center, 100 Century Avenue, Pudong New Area, Shanghai 200120,
People’s Republic of China
Tel: +86 (21) 6877-6800
Fax: +86 (21) 6877-6680
GENERAL MANAGER Takeshi Watanabe
Hong Kong Representative Office:
Suite 2109, Tower 6, The Gateway, Harbour City, 9 Canton Road,
Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong, S.A.R., People’s Republic of China Tel: +852-2523-6041
Fax: +852-2845-9022
CHIEF REPRESENTATIVE Shinichiro Kihana
Bangkok Representative Office:
No. 57 Park Ventures Ecoplex, Unit1005, 10th Floor, Wireless Road, Lumpini, Patumwan Bangkok 10330, Thailand Tel: +66 2254-7251
Fax: +66 2254-7255
CHIEF REPRESENTATIVE Eiji Koyama
New York Representative Office:
780 Third Avenue., 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10017, U.S.A. Tel: +1 (212) 750-0022
Fax: +1 (212) 750-8008
CHIEF REPRESENTATIVE Daisuke Namba
Europe
London Representative Office:
4th Floor, Salisbury House, London Wall, London EC2M 5QQ, U.K.
Tel: +44-20-7374-8460
Fax: +44-20-7638-1886
CHIEF REPRESENTATIVE Daisuke Shimizu
Date of Establishment
April 1, 2016
Paid-in Capital
¥150,000 million
Date of Establishment
December 16, 1920
Paid-in Capital
¥215,628 million
Number of Employees
4,622
Date of Establishment
April 5, 1924
Paid-in Capital
¥38,300 million
Number of Employees
1,403
Internet Address
Internet Address
http://www.boy.co.jp/e/index.html
 Number of Branches and Offices (As of June 30, 2019) Domestic: 91 (84 branches, 1 sub-branches, corporate sales office 6)
(As of March 31, 2019)
         99 CONCORDIA Financial Group
