 Living with the communities
Creating an affluent and sustainable society
■ Initiatives to vitalize tourism
We have engaged in joint private-public endeavors to revi- talize tourism, such as through the use of the Kanagawa Tourism Revitalization Fund, which is financed by the Bank of Yokohama and the Regional Economy Vitalization Cor- poration of Japan (REVIC), to assist with the opening of Fujiya Ryokan in Yugawara-machi and Restaurant Cocon in Kamakura, which offers lodging in a restored old-Japanese style house.
■ Realizing a cashless society
Cashless settlement services are becoming increasingly popular worldwide. The government aims to increase the ratio of cashless pay- ment’s in Japan from the current 20% to 80% in order to improve payment efficiency and capture inbound consumption.
Bank of Yokohama supports the introduction of cashless systems and data use for retail stores and shopping centers through smart- phones using Hama-Pay.
■ Sustainable growth for regional economies District-based division system
Bank of Yokohama abolished its former block sales head- quarters system in April 2018 and introduced a new dis- trict-based division system allowing us to work more closely with local communities, with two districts (main, Tokyo / other prefectures) and five regions (East, Central, West, South, Kawasaki).
Under the district-based division system, a division manager is assigned as the head of each district / region and is tasked with devising regional strategies to address the various issues and needs of the area, planning and putting into place the measures needed to achieve the strategy, as well as carrying on and deepening the Ham- agin 10 Years After Project.
Hamagin 10 Years After Project.
Tokyo/other prefectures
Central
West
Kawasaki
Bank of Yokohama assisted an agricultural corporation in the opening of a famer’s restaurant in Fujisawa City, providing con- sultation services from the project’s con- ception, as well as application procedures for the National Strategic Special Zone, fi- nancing, and the advice and business matching necessary for running a restau- rant.
Impact on regional
communities
◦ Creating employment through the sixth industrialization
◦ Invigorating regional economies via business expansion
Matching financing and business Support for opening businesses
Environmental impact
◦ Local production for local consumption reduces food miles and cuts CO2 emissions
To develop affluent and sustainable local communities,
Bank of Yokohama will go beyond just supporting the
implementation of measures laid out by the government,
and independently identify problems the region could face ten years from now, proactively moving to propose and implement measures that will enable us to achieve our vision of the bank ten years on. A specific example of this is the conclusion of a “coordination and collab- oration agreement for economic revitalization of Miura Peninsula Region” with Keikyu Corporation and NTT Docomo, which aims to revi- talize industry and marine leisure activities in an area facing the challenges of a declining and aging population.
Industry-academic collaboration with local universities
Bank of Yokohama has concluded a comprehensive agreement for cooperation with Yokohama National University and other local univer- sities. We provide research support for the universities and also offer onsite courses in financial systems and monetary policy, which provide an opportunity to learn about knowledge useful in the field.
produce in a buffet style.
31 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 32
East
Strict regulations govern the construc- Main tion of new buildings on farmland, but the restaurant was certified as a special zone by satisfying conditions such as producing its main ingredients in-house and procure- ment from the city. The restaurant is built on farmland using elements of old Japa- nese-style housing from Kanagawa Prefec- ture, and serves a menu featuring local