 Assisting with wealth formation in the era of centenarians Wealth formation support
We offer information about accumulation-type NISA as a product that will enable custom- ers to pass on assets to the next generation of children by building up wealth over the lon- ger term, as well as providing an extensive lineup of products geared toward the era of centenarians.
We also offer consultation services for inheritance and asset succession, to assist with the smooth transition of assets to the next generation.
Supporting greater financial literacy and children’s growth
Economic and financial education
We believe it is our responsibility as a regional financial institution to work toward building financial literacy in the community. Our branches offer students at nearby elementary and junior high schools the opportunity to experience the workplace, as well as school visits to help educate children about finance.
We host the Kanagawa Tournament Economics Koshien for high school students every year.
We also provide support for children in the fields of sport and science
Higashi-Nippon Bank co-sponsors the Little League East Kanto League and Major Ibaraki Tournament.
The Bank of Yokohama supports the “Bank of Yokohama Cup Kanagawa School Children Rubber-Ball Baseball Tournament” as the title sponsor, as well as cooperating with soccer and basketball teams and others to hold a variety of events.
In addition, as a naming rights sponsor of the Hamagin Space Science Center, we host the “Hamagin Kids Science” program that offers hands-on learning for elementary school students, providing children a place to learn about the wonders of space and science.
■ Charity fund raising activities for children in developing countries
We will participate in the NPO TABLE FOR TWO International’s TABLE FOR TWO (TFT) project at the Bank of Yokohama’s head of- fice staff cafeteria. TFT is a system in which employees enjoy a healthy meal at the staff cafeteria, with 20 yen of each bill used as a donation to provide meals for children in Africa and Asia.