■ Environmental preservation through our core business SDGs private placement bonds
“Hamagin SDGs private placement bonds ~MIRAIHE(for future)~” is a product in which the Bank of Yokohama donates 0.1% of the issuance amount of corporate customers’ privately-placed bonds. Donations are made to five organizations which adhere to the theme laid out in the Kanagawa SDGs Initiatives, and are used to resolve social issues such as microplastic problems, address- ing ill-health, and the local production of energy for local consumption.
The first donation of approximately ¥500m was presented in July 2019.
Purchase of sustainability bonds
The Japan Railway Construction, Transport and Technology Agency issued the first ever “sustainability bond” on the domestic bond market to raise funds for the development of transportation infrastructure that is indispensable for regional communities while reducing the burden on the environment. The Bank of Yokohama announces our investment in this bond, in recognition of its impact on improving the environment and contribution to solving social issues.
■ Corporate activities Hamagin forest
The Bank of Yokohama endorses the Kanagawa Forest 50 Year Restoration Plan, which seeks to preserve the rich bounty of Kanagawa’s forests for the next generation. We use donations from CSR environmental private placement bonds as a partner in efforts to re- store the forests. As part of this activity, we acquired the naming rights of the forest owned by the prefecture on the banks of Lake Tanzawa and named it “Hamagin no Mori(forest)”.
Reducing use of paper and plastics
We have starting using a new material called LIMEX as a substitute for paper for various items including our SDGs booklets and handheld fans for customers in consideration of the environmental problems facing the world, such as deforestation and water shortages.
The Bank of Yokohama headquarters is also taking initiatives such as eliminating the use of plastic straws and shopping bags.
Sustainable seafood
In a first for a domestic bank, sustainable seafood* will be introduced on the menu of the staff cafeteria at the Bank of Yokohama’s head office. We aim to spark a change in employee awareness and behavior toward food by introducing sustainable marine products in the face of the acute deterioration of marine habitats as illegal and excessive fishing and ocean pollution exhaust marine resources.
(*) “Sustainable seafood” is made from fish caught with methods that do not result in overfishing or destruction of the natural environment. We use natural marine products that are caught with consider- ation for marine resources and the environment, and aquaculture products that are grown with minimal impact on the environment and society.