WAKASHIO Grounding and Oil Spill
The WAKASHIO, a Capesize bulker that MOL chartered from a subsidiary of Nagashiki Shipping Co., Ltd. (the ship owner), ran aground off Mauritius and became unable to navigate under its own power on July 25, 2020. The vessel was en route from China to its next destination in Brazil via the Indian Ocean. Immediately after the accident was reported, MOL provided support to the ship owner in responding to the accident and containing the situation. Despite attempts to refloat the vessel and remove its fuel oil, progress was hampered by severe winter sea conditions as well as COVID-19 countermeasures and geographic constraints. Eventually, on August 6, local time, one of the ship’s fuel tanks ruptured, causing about 1,000 MT of oil to spill out. Consequently, the accident ended up having an enormous impact on the local aquatic and shore environment. MOL will continue to coordinate with authorities in Mauritius, the Japanese government, and related organizations and make efforts to contain the situation by providing the personnel and materials necessary for cleaning up the oil spill. In conjunction with these efforts, we will establish preventive measures.
  Approx. 90% For Our Sustainable Growth
Value-Added Transport Services
In today’s globalized world, people’s lives are underpinned by goods shipped from
all over the world. In addition, the transport of goods from where supply is to where demand is creates added value and generates economic activity. The MOL Group sup- ports people’s lives and industries around the world through the transport of a variety of goods, such as resources, energy, raw materials, and products. As one of the world’s main logistics arteries, constantly providing safe and high-quality transport is our greatest responsibility and the very reason for our existence.
MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2020
  The MOL Group—Transport on a Grand Scale
Strong Commitment to Safe Operation
When it comes to fulfilling our social mission as a main artery of global logistics, safe operation is one of our most important responsibilities, which we must keep striving for without any compromise. In pursuit of effi- ciency and economy, cargo ships have gradually grown larger over time. At the same time, however, the mag- nitude of the risk posed by a single accident has grown correspondingly larger. Regrettably, the Group suffered four serious marine accidents in 2006, which caused
a great deal of inconvenience for our stakeholders. We take these accidents very seriously and have conducted rigorous investigations to identify the causes of those accidents and prevent their recurrence. We also
expanded a range of initiatives and measures, such
as fostering a culture of safety shared throughout the Group, whether on land or at sea, further strengthen- ing education and training, making organizational structure reforms, and establishing the Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC) that provides continuous support to operating vessels 24 hours a day. Regardless of how much effort we exert, however, safe operation is a never-ending theme. Keeping in mind the lessons learned from past accidents, each and every officer and employee of the MOL Group maintains keen awareness and works together to become the world leader in safe operation.
Organizational Structure Supporting Safe Operation
 The Operational Safety Committee, chaired by the president, deliberates and determines basic policies and measurements for ensuring and thoroughly enforcing the safe operation of all Group vessels. In addition, the chief safety officer (CSO) is delegated by the president to supervise strategy planning and policy implementation to instill and ensure high levels of
Organizational Structure Supporting Safe Operation
KPIs for Ensuring Thoroughly Safe Operation
To visualize the processes for achieving safe operation, MOL has adopted “4 Zeroes” (zero serious marine incidents, zero oil pollution, zero fatal accidents, and
safety in the overall business of the MOL Group and provide necessary advice to sales units’ director generals and executive officers. The Safety Operations Headquarters formulates specific measures related to Companywide safe operations, which are implemented by their respective departments.
zero serious cargo damage) as one of its goals. We also have the KPIs listed below and work to reduce num- bers for each.
Please refer to page 14 for changes in KPI data. Overwhelming marine transport capacity (for mainstay Asia–North American West Coast routes)
Marine transport: In the case of 14,000 TEU containerships
Approx.139,000 MT Approx.10 days
Air transport: In the case of Boeing 747-8F aircraft
Approx.130 MT Approx.9hours
Percentage of marine transport in Japan’s trade volume*7
Percentage of marine transport in interna- tional logistics*8
*7 Source: SHIPPING NOW 2020–2021, Japan Maritime Public Relations Center
*8 Source: International Chamber of Shipping
1234
*1 Number of work-related accidents per one million hours worked. In the scope of calculations, we originally included only workplace illnesses and injuries requiring disembarkation from the ship. From fiscal 2015, we tightened the LTIF criteria, which now includes any workplace illness or injury that prevents a worker from resuming even a reduced workload on that day, regardless of whether the illness or injury requires disembarkation.
*2 From fiscal 2020, we have changed the target value for LTIF to 0.5 or below, which is even more stringent. *3 The amount of downtime due to mechanical malfunction or accident per ship per year
*4 The number of mechanical malfunctions or accidents that result in downtime per ship per year
 Shipping capacity
Shipping time
 42
43
 For Our Sustainable Growth
Value-Added Transport Services
Operation of the Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC)
 Based on the lessons learned in the accident that occurred in 2006, under the motto “Never let the cap- tain get isolated,” we established the Safety Operation Supporting Center (SOSC) within the Head Office in 2007. The center supports safe operations 24 hours
a day, 365 days a year.
Since MOL Group vessels criss-cross the world’s oceans, they need to respond effectively not only to adverse weather conditions such as stormy weather, tropical depressions, and frozen sea routes but also to numerous difficult situations, such as political instabil- ity in the Middle East. In recent years, well-coordinated operations between land and sea have become even more important, with climate change leading to larger tropical cyclones, and deteriorating political and eco- nomic conditions in some regions bringing greater threats of terrorism and piracy.
With procedures in place to “never let the captain get isolated,” the SOSC ascertains these risks in real time and keeps in touch with the vessels, vessel man- agement companies, marine technical teams, and
vessel operators. Staffed at all times by two marine technical specialists including an experienced MOL captain, the center gathers all sorts of information relevant to vessels underway, including the itineraries of the approximately 800 vessels operated by the MOL Group, weather information, and domestic and interna- tional news media, and is always ready to offer timely information when-
ever necessary. It also provides indi- vidual advice for vessels in high-risk situations and consults with their captains. In the aforementioned ways, the SOSC makes every effort to prevent serious accidents.
Various Risks Surrounding Marine VesselsWeather- Related RisksGeopolitical RisksOther Risks
• Severe weather
• Tropical cyclones
• Sea ice and icebergs
• Frozen river ports
• Political unrest
• Piracy
• Experimental mis-
sile launches
• Infectious diseases
• Earthquakes and
tsunamis
 Example of SOSC Functions: Dealing with a tropical depressionThe SOSC confirms the forma- tion of a tropical depression based on weather information from an external vendor. SOSC
SOSC transmits relevant information to MOL vessels, such as when a tropical depression develops into
a tropical cyclone and its projected trajectory.
The captains contact the SOSC to consult about evasion plans and navigation courses.
The ship management companies, vessel operator, and marine technical teams*, coordi- nate to confirm the routes of vessels underway and instruct vessels in port whether they need to take evasive maneuvers.
Ship management company
 Marine technical team / vessel operatorThe SOSC contacts the ship management companies, marine technical teams, and operators of vessels traveling in the vicinity of the tropical depression or cyclone.
 * A team composed of maritime employees that advises and supports the vessel operators. There are several teams in charge by type of vessel.
Procedures and Preparations to Deal with Marine Incidents
 The MOL Group has compiled its own response manual to deal with emergencies involving serious marine incidents and makes it available to all employees at
all times. Moreover, we regularly conduct emergency response training with MOL-operated vessels during sailing, simulating various situations, such as fires, water immersion, piracy, and acts of terrorism. Once a year, we conduct tabletop drills, which involve MOL’s president, relevant corporate officers, and representa- tives of relevant departments and ship management companies, vessels, and Group companies. The Coast Guard and the media also cooperate with these drills. In November 2018, we conducted a tabletop drill
simulating the collision of an LNG carrier with another vessel near the Akashi Kaikyo Bridge, and in October 2019 we conducted a drill simulating a fire on a con- tainership in Ise Bay. Through these efforts, the Group will strengthen
its entire emer- gency readiness framework.
 44MITSUI O.S.K. LINES
MOL REPORT 2020Renewing our Dedication to Safety
In August 2020, regrettably, the WAKASHIO, a Capesize bulker chartered by MOL, ran aground and spilled oil off Mauritius. Although the ship was a charter from another owner, in my view all MOL Group officers and employees need to take this incident as seriously as if it had been one of our own and completely re-establish our mindset on safety with a humble attitude. Safety is not something achieved merely by the efforts of a few people directly involved in vessel operations. And a culture of safety is not something that can be created overnight. Safety cannot be achieved unless each and every officer and employee on land or at sea and in both the sales and corporate divisions remains constantly vigilant. With
this in mind, we will rigorously tackle safety measures with renewed commitment.
Masanori Kato
Managing Executive Officer Chief Safety Officer
  Initiatives to Foster a Safety-Focused Culture
   Partnership between Our Sales Divisions and Our Maritime Employees
At MOL, maritime employees serve in onshore office positions at regular intervals. Some of them are assigned to the Marine Technical Management Division or the LNG Marine Technical & Ship Management Strategy Division, where they communicate daily with our sales divisions and provide safety and other marine technical support.
Onboard Training
Achieving safe operation requires enhanced safety awareness within the entire Company, including land-based employees. By encouraging employees to train on board our vessels for two to three weeks, MOL enables them to gain knowledge and hands-on experience of vessels and frontline operations.
Safety Campaigns
MOL takes a variety of measures to provide opportunities for officers and employ- ees on land and at sea to think about safety together. During our safety campaigns, land-based officers and employees visit the ships and exchange opinions on acci- dent prevention with crew members in charge of on-site safety. Since fiscal 2017, we have been holding discussions under the main theme “Stop and Think More” to encourage crew members to pause and consider the correct action when they
have any concerns or doubts while underway at sea. The information and sugges- tions obtained during our safety campaigns are shared within MOL and between vessels operated by the Company and utilized to further strengthen our operational safety systems.
Safety Conferences
From February to May each year, we hold MOL Safety Conferences at five locations in Japan, the Philippines, Croatia, India, and Russia—the countries that most of our maritime employees come from. We exchange opinions with the crews that work on board our vessels through presentations of our safety measures and reviews of accidents that have previously occurred on our vessels.
Operational Safety Workshops
MOL’s Marine Safety Division regularly holds Operational Safety Workshops for land-based officers and employees as forums aimed at encouraging recognition of the fact that safe operation is not merely something entrusted to onboard crews, but something in which each and every one of our employees is involved. In fiscal 2019, we held these events five times for execu- tives and employees of Group companies in Japan and overseas, and a total of more than 300 people attended. The workshops focused on such topics as the role of safety campaigns, our history of continuing to encourage land-based employees to visit our vessels, and case studies on how to avoid tropical depressions.