Supporting Financial Education
 A course provided by The 77 Bank has been held at the Faculty of Business Administration at Tohoku Gakuin University since FY2012 for the purpose of promoting social contributions to the region through education and research contributing to the development of the regional economy and human resources.
This course is taught by an employee of the Bank, and covers topics such as specific details of bank operations, recent financial trends, and the role of regional financial institutions. The course was held for the 8th time in FY2019, and it has been participated by 272 students since the start of the course in September 2018.
National High School Student Finance and Economics Quiz Championship “Economics Koshien” Miyagi Tournament
The Miyagi Tournament of the National High School Student Finance and Economics Quiz Championship “Economics Koshien” has been held since FY2010 through joint sponsorship with the Association for the Promotion of Financial Literacy, in an effort to make social contributions to the region through an educational project for acquiring the financial and economics knowledge that is essential for life planning and safeguarding one’s lifestyle. In December 2018, the 10th Miyagi Tournament was held at the Head Office of the Bank.

The 77Bank Currency and Banking Museum [140th Anniversary Project]
The 77Bank Currency and Banking Museum was opened in December 1998 in celebration of the 120th anniversary of our founding and in gratitude for the many years of support from people in the region. Media such as exhibition panels, actual materials, videos, and experiential displays are used to introduce topics, including the history and roles of money, the birth and development of banks, and industry and economy in Miyagi Prefecture and Japan in a manner that is easy to understand.
The center was reopened after remodeling in March 2019, as part of the 140th Anniversary Project, and new features including a projection mapping and a children’s area have been added.
77 Kids Land financial education website for children [140th Anniversary Project]
In March 2019, a financial education website for children, 77 Kids Land, was opened in conjunction with the post-remodeling reopening of the 77Bank Currency and Banking Museum.
In the Shichi-Shika Note section of our website, the Bank’s official mascot, Shichi-Shika-Kun provides an easy-to-understand explanation of money and banks in a manga format.