DKS’s Growth Strategy 2: Sustainability
Quality and Safety Management
Improving the quality of products and services offered by corporations will lead to meeting the needs of customers and society, earning trust and enhancing the value provided to society and related capital. To this end, DKS views quality from four perspectives: design and development, manufacturing, sales, and customer service. We strive to improve quality in collaboration with customers and suppliers.
  Quality Assurance/Quality Policy
As a chemical partner conveying the essence of high functionality for the future, we will provide customers with safer, higher-quality products that maximally contribute to the development of their business. To realize this, we engage in
Fundamental Quality Assurance
1. We establish quality-related management standards for each department that cover the entire process, from product planning to customer service through design/ development, manufacturing and sales. Through the appropriate operation of such standards, we strive to provide high-quality products that are safe and reliable, maintain and improve product quality and provide quality assurance for our customers.
2. To effectively bring about quality assurance functions throughout the entire Company, we establish, operate, and maintain a quality management system and promote initiatives for on-going improvements.
3. All our employees must observe this basic concept of quality assurance and carry out tasks in accordance with the Quality Assurance Management Regulations.
Quality Control System
As a chemicals manufacturer, we are committed to the maintenance and improvement of product quality using ISO 9001 as a basic tool in our quality management system. We execute PDCA cycles to provide products and services that comply with customer requirements as well as with laws and regulations. We thoroughly work on day-to-day activities such
quality control using the PDCA cycle based on our fundamental quality assurance and quality policy in an effort to improve quality and customer satisfaction.
“DKS Quality Policy”
as production control, corrective measures and preventive actions relating to nonconformities (such as complaints/ abnormalities), audits, change control and training, and devise improvements by conducting continuous reviews of the management system. By doing so, we aim to improve customer satisfaction. QC System Diagram
 Chairman CEOLife Sciences Business Headquarters
Sales Headquarters
R&D Headquarters
Production Headquarters
    Customer Support Department
R&D departments
Plants
Production Departments     Product Quality Review MeetingYokkaichi Branch, Ohgata Branch, Shiga Branch
Quality Assurance DepartmentQuality management (supervision)
Regulatory management RC promotion activitiesQuality Control Sections
   Quality inspection
(raw materials, products)
Certificate of analysis issuance
      R&D Support Department
Sales Promotion Department
Procurement Department Sales departments
Support Group Delivery Group
 Customers
  40
DKS REPORT 2021
 
Quality Assurance System
We view QA as fundamental to our business, and as we keep our Quality Policy in mind, we continue to promote QA activities from product design/development, manufacturing and sales to customer service processes through the relevant departments of the R&D Headquarters, Production Headquarters and Sales Headquarters. With the Chairman CEO as the Chief Quality Assurance Officer, individuals appointed by the Chairman CEO as environment, safety, and quality assurance staff ensure robust quality assurance by raising quality assurance issues, holding the authority to formulate and recommend solutions, and taking on the overall responsibility for the quality management system. The QA Department General Manager takes the lead role in supervising quality assurance and in overall coordination between our departments, while attempting to establish and strengthen the QA system. Quality Assurance (PL) Meetings are convened and given the highest decision-making authority for quality assurance and quality control activities. In line with
diversifying customer demands and heightened requirements for product quality from a social perspective, we remain committed to working to ensure product safety and quality, as well as trying to prevent quality-related issues before they arise.
QA System Diagram
   Management Committee
 Product Safety Mechanism (chemical substance management from design development)
We have in place a product development system based on our environmental and safety philosophy, which is centered on “contributing to the sustainable development and realization of happy societies by considering human health, safety and environmental preservation throughout the lifecycle of each product, from development to scrapping.” Ensuring compliance with laws and regulations related to chemical substances in Japan and overseas, we formulate chemical substance management rules, conduct the appropriate management of chemical substances, and
Product Safety Mechanism
undertake design and development that as far as possible considers the environmental impact. We are also promoting the appropriate relaying of information on the chemical substances contained in our products and information on applicable laws and regulations. We have adopted a system for organizing GHS* classification and legal regulation checks for each country, making multilingual safety data sheets (SDS) and labels, and centralizing management of material composition surveys. Using this system, we are striving to strengthen our chemical substance management.
Director i/c Environment, Safety & QA
Quality Assurance (PL) Meetings
Quality Assurance Department
     Life Sciences Business Headquarters
Sales Headquarters
R&D Headquarters
Production Headquarters
    Sales Promotion Department
R&D Support Department
Procurement Department
Customer Support Department
Each sales department
R&D Company Department Corporate R&D Department Elexcel R&D Department
New Business Development Department
Yokkaichi Branch Ohgata Branch Shiga Branch
Production Control Department    Search & Investigation
     Required Quality
Design & Development
Customers & Local Communities
Research & Preproduction
Commercial Production (Product Sales)
Securing of Product SafetyProcess ReviewCommercial Production ReviewOccupational/Process Safety & Disaster Prevention• Production technology review
• Product evaluation (safety/packaging)
• Compliance with applicable laws and regulations
• Environmental impact assessment
• Securing of raw materials
• Preparation of SDSs, labels, and technical documents
 Process Safety and Disaster Prevention Planning Product Design
Stable Supply
 Technical Service
   • Investigation of technological information • Investigation of laws and regulations
• Realization of quality
• Safety confirmation
• Environmental impact assessment
• Investigation of conformity with
applicable laws and regulations
• Investigation of raw materials
• Quality control
• Response to improvement requests • Provision of product information
• Regulatory compliance
• Environmental conservation
• Securing of distribution safetyProvision of Product and Technical Information
Our products are utilized in a variety of industrial fields, and we provide product and technical information tailored to the characteristics of each product and service. We always respond to requests and inquiries from our customers quickly, adequately and in good faith. We provide information on hazardous materials to ensure safe handling, including that relative to product properties, applicable laws and regulations, transportation, handling methods and emergency measures by means of SDSs. We also use chemSHERPA (an information transfer scheme for chemicals contained within products throughout the supply chain) as a means of providing information.
* Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling of Chemicals
We also promote product labeling and issue an SDS related to compliance with the GHS* and with local regulations for exports to the United States, Europe and Asia. We continuously update our SDSs and labeling to remain in compliance with the revised Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc., and the Industrial Safety and Health Law, as well as the Poisonous and Deleterious Substances Control Law. When introducing our products, we not only focus on close communication with our customers through daily business meetings but also disseminate information through brochures and technical documents.
Chairman CEO
DKS REPORT 2021 41