DKS’s Growth Strategy 2: Sustainability
Human Resource Management
Human capital is the most important asset for DKS, and we aim to maintain talented human resources and diversity based on the idea of valuing people. We recognize the growth of employees to be the driving force for the development of the Company, leading to a wide range of enhancements in corporate value.
Respecting Human Rights and Diversity: Promoting Diversity, Human Resource Development and Education
     Human Resource Philosophy Respect for Humanity
Our fundamental human resource philosophy is rooted in the idea that our people are our assets and must be nurtured and treasured.
Our basic understanding is that the growth of our people will support the growth of the Company. The employees are supposed to actively play their roles in each workplace; learn, grow and exhibit their capabilities; and try to fulfill themselves. This way, we believe that they become the power of prosperity of the Company and the source to make it eternal.
The Company also supports the maintaining and improving of employee health, which forms a cornerstone of individual employee self-fulfillment.
Human Resource Development Policies
1. Development of Professional Workers
We aim to train professional human resources who have high market value and can work on their own initiative.
1) People possessing advanced, specialized skills
2) People who recognize and achieve their roles and goals 3) People who raise and solve issues themselves
4) People who demonstrate leadership in the workplace
2. Development of Autonomous Personnel
Switch to human resources able to work on their own initiative through their own motivation
In our medium-term management plan FELIZ 115, which we launched in April 2020, we announced SDGs/ESG-based management objectives of “promoting the active participation of women” and “creating employment.” As priority measures for strengthening our business foundation, we are pursuing these as part of our project for strengthening appropriate resource management and revising evaluation systems.
Work-Style Reforms
 Work-Life Balance
DKS takes the initiative in activities supporting a balance between work and family. In terms of systems, we introduced a telecommuting system in fiscal 2019 and a flextime system in fiscal 2020, and are working to reform the personnel system to improve employee productivity and realize diverse work styles.
Promotion of Employee Participation and Advancement
Having set up an Employee Participation and Advancement Promotion Committee chaired by a senior management member, we are aiming for a human resource group capable of successfully contributing to improvements in Company performance. We are creating environments in which we can maximize the abilities of diverse employees, including women, seniors, people with disabilities, non-Japanese employees and members of the LGBT community, and enable them to take an active part in our Company.
 Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement In addition to environments that facilitate female employees
in working for many years, we will maintain work environments that enable women to develop their careers and implement measures aimed at having 10.0% or more of managerial positions occupied by women. As of March 31, 2021, this figure was 8.8%, and in fiscal 2020, we welcomed our first female executive officer.
Furthermore, as we ensure that all of our work environments are conducive to the active participation of females, we started hiring new female technical college graduates at manufacturing sites from fiscal 2019 and are currently continuing a steady pace of hiring.
 Retiree Reemployment System
In reemploying all applicants as Senior Challenge Staff, we
conduct monozukuri (manufacturing) by handing down senior employees’ techniques and skills that make the best use of the experience they have accumulated over many years.
 Employment of People with Disabilities
We believe that the most important thing about working
alongside people with disabilities is that it offers diversity, which brings lessons with it. We established a dedicated organization for employees with disabilities. While we work to maximize their aptitudes and talents, we are striving to raise our ratio of employees with disabilities by creating an environment conducive to their professional participation.
Efforts to Prevent Harassment
We are trying to prevent harassment through, for example, educational programs in hierarchical training courses (including employees in managerial positions). Several persons are selected as contacts, even from outside the Personnel Department, so that anyone can easily find someone to talk to and get advice from. Moreover, whistleblower portals inside and outside the Company, as well as an external Employee Assistance Program (EAP), are in place.
 Items
New graduate attrition rate (up to third year of employment)
FY2020 Results
66.1% 57.1% 8.8% 2.9% 100.0% 1.4%
 Annual paid leave taking ratePercentage of male employees taking childcare leaveRatio of female employees in management positions (as of March 31, 2021)Employment rate of people with disabilities (as of March 31, 2021)Retention rate of employees with disabilities (up to third year of employment) 42
DKS REPORT 2021
Human Resource Development and Education Programs
The three pillars of our human resource development and education programs are in-house on-the-job training, external education to learn skills and abilities, and support for self- development. In recent years, we have focused on enhancing our brother/sister program (a backup support system) aimed at a 0% attrition rate for new employees, while also focusing on the development of human resources able to handle digital transformation (DX) targeting the realization of disruptive innovation utilizing data and IT technologies. We have created DX learning opportunities for new employees, specially selected employees, and those who show an interest as we work to bring all staff onto our digital platform. In fiscal 2020, approximately 30% of employees received the training.
DKS is united in focusing attention on human resource training in other areas as well, including by bolstering our support for employees aiming to improve their own abilities, be it through the acquisition of qualifications, or correspondence learning (employees finishing courses with distinction have all fees covered by DKS).
 
Concept of Health and Productivity Management
Healthy Company Declaration: Regarding its employees as Company assets, DKS will strive to maintain and improve their health.Health and Productivity Management (“Kenko Keiei”) Initiatives
We aim to bolster the Company’s productivity, and thus its corporate value, by maintaining and improving the health of our employees. This initiative is reported to meetings attended by officers in charge to obtain approval for plans formulated based on these results.
     Prevent disease and mental health issues by health management
Work and live in a safe and healthy environment• Formulate measures to prevent lifestyle-related diseases • Formulate health management targets
• Develop internal company communication
• Improve the workplace environment
 Plan Do
• Regular health checkups, special health checkups, specific health guidance
• Mental care: internal and external EAP, stress checks
• In-house education: e-learning, group training, etc.
• Improve conditions of the Company premises and
housing: amenity facilities; implement measures to
prevent passive smoking, etc.
• Look into absenteeism and presenteeism
• Hold events involving athletic activities • Gather results of health checks, management ascertains status of mental health
• Share health checkup results data in-house
• Release both internally and externally an assessment by
external institutions
• Explore routes for improvement based on an assessment by
external institutions
• Explore next health management targets based on health
checkup results and secondary data
• Verify the effect on productivity and corporate value
Action Check
• Inspect workplaces; monitor working environments, etc.
• Interview after health checkup and summarize results
• Implement workplace improvement activities after stress
checks
• Request third-party assessment by external institutions:
DBJ Health Management rating, White 500 (certified
health and productivity management organizations)
• Conduct cross-analysis relating to productivity
   Efforts in Health and Productivity Management
DKS was selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) for the second consecutive year as a “Health & Productivity Stock.” For the fourth consecutive year, DKS and subsidiaries Gembu Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Kenkou Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Ceramo Co., Ltd., Kyoto Elex Co., Ltd., and for the second consecutive year, Ikeda Yakusou Co., Ltd. were certified as White 500 Organizations (sponsored by METI and Nippon Kenko Kaigi). We also acquired the highest health management rating from the Development Bank of Japan Inc. (DBJ) for the fourth consecutive year. Going forward, assessments of Company efforts through the eyes of
external organizations will continue to lead to further enhancements in corporate value.
Targets, Activities and
Outcomes
Based on our Healthy Company Declaration, DKS strives to maintain and improve the health of its employees, and at the same time, stipulates guidelines for employee health activities and promotes Company-wide health maintenance. The employee health guidelines consist of five items aimed at improving productivity and enhancing corporate value through the maintenance and improvement of employee health. In recent years, we are strengthening initiatives to prevent smoking and efforts toward supporting the health of those not yet confronting lifestyle diseases. With regard to supporting the latter category of employees, from fiscal 2019, we started holding a walk-a-thon that uses an app that tries to encourage lasting exercise habits. In fiscal 2020, approximately 60% of employees took part. Of the participants, approximately 70% showed an inclination to continue exercising after the event.
The statistic indicating the rate of regular exercise rose from 16% in fiscal 2017 to 22% in fiscal 2020.
Happiness-based management
“Employee happiness-based management” is part of the goals of “FELIZ 115,” and we are pursuing the following three KPIs in order to target sustainable growth.
Health and Productivity Management Targets
DKS is pursuing the following three KPIs as we target sustainable growth by implementing employee happiness-based management• Reduction of absenteeism1
KPIs
2020
0.8%
1.3%
50
Maintain at 2.0% or below
2.0% or below
51
Targets for 2024
  • Reduction of presenteeism2
  • Improvement of work engagement3
  1, 2. Measured using DKS’s own formula. 3. Deviation by stress checks
Please see the glossary on p.61 for details on terminology.
With regard to employee health issues, we established the following four targets and are implementing various initiatives accordingly
28.5%
25.0%
Maintain at 0.2% or below
17.4%
Issues
• Prevention of health issues among healthy employees
Percentage of employees who exceeded abdominal girth standards
2020
Targets for 202131.6%
  • Prevention of aggravation among high-risk employees
Percentage of employees 40 years or older at risk for or experiencing metabolic syndrome
28.9%
  • Prevention and early detection of employee mental health issues
Ratio of leave taken by employees with mental health issues
0%
  • Creation of environment leading to quitting smoking
Percentage of employees who smoke
20.1%   DKS REPORT 2021 43
 