DKS’s Growth Strategy 2: Sustainability
Consideration for the Environment
Natural capital is a critical common asset for chemical manufacturers, making sincere responses to various environmental problems a common global issue in the aim for economic development and conservation of the global environment. DKS will always face social issues, protect human environments and lifestyles, and contribute to the creation of a sustainable society as “chemistry provides a solution” for improving safety and comfort.
Basic Philosophy and Basic Policies for Environmental and Safety Practices
   Basic Philosophy
Our basic philosophy is to contribute to society by making a company that thrives together with local communities and employees by supplying products that satisfy customers. Based on this, our environmental and safety philosophy is to contribute to the sustainable development and realization of happy societies by considering the human health, safety and environmental preservation throughout the life cycle of each product from development to scrapping.
Responsible Care (RC) Activity Promotion System
We set up the safety and environment philosophy, as well as basic and action policies, based on which we promote our corporate activities related to quality, safety and the environment. Such issues are discussed and decided by the RC Promotion Conference, which is the top decision-making body and is chaired by the president. The environment preservation meetings, safety and health meetings and quality
RC Promotion System Diagram
Management Committee
Management System
For DKS, environmental conservation, process safety and disaster prevention, occupational safety and health, logistics safety, chemical and product safety, and dialogue with society are fundamental to our responsible care activities. We have acquired certification through ISO 9001, ISO 14001, and JIS Q45100, which are quality, environment, and occupational safety and health management systems that we use as tools for pursuing activities.
Our domestic production plants have acquired ISO 14001 certification and they implement periodical evaluations of strict environmental regulation adherence, while also striving for environmental conservation. We make rigorous efforts to check and understand revisions to laws and regulations on a
Basic Policies
1) Throughout the life cycle of each product from development to scrapping, we evaluate and minimize the impact of business activities on the environment and make our best efforts to preserve the environment.
2) We aim at accident- and disaster-free operations to secure the safety of both local communities and employees.
3) We confirm the safety of raw materials, semifinished products and final products to prevent health-related disorders of all relevant people including, but not limited to, employees, logistic/transportation workers, customers and general consumers.
4) We strive to continuously improve the safety and environment not only by strictly complying with relevant legislation and regulations but also by self-management.
assurance (PL) meetings are chaired by the quality, safety and environment personnel and joined by plant general managers and relevant department managers. In these meetings, corporate targets, action plans and results are discussed to promote RC activities. Under each of these meeting organizations is a committee to make, implement and evaluate specific action plans for continuous improvements. RC (Environment, Safety and Quality Assurance) Promotion ConferenceEnvironment Preservation Meeting
Environment Preservation Committee
• Kyoto Central Branch • Plants • Tokyo Headquarters • Branches and Offices
 Safety and Health Meeting
Safety and Health Committee
• Kyoto Central Branch • Plants • Tokyo Headquarters • Branches and OfficesQuality Assurance (PL) Meeting
Quality Assurance (PL) Committee • Plants44
DKS REPORT 2021
timely basis, then to thoroughly share this information internally.
The Yokkaichi Branch obtained JIS Q45100 in September 2019, which made DKS the first chemical company to receive this certification. The Ohgata Branch followed in 2020 and plans are underway for the Shiga Branch to be certified as well. Through occupational safety and health activities based on these management systems, we will continue aiming for zero accidents and the establishment of workplaces conducive to comfortable work.
Our website has information on our occupational safety and health, logistics safety, and process safety/disaster prevention efforts. https://www.dks-web.co.jp/english/ir/report/index.html
 
Strategies and Initiatives
Based on the medium-term management plan FELIZ 115, we formulated a medium-term environmental plan for fiscal 2020–2024 and are striving for energy efficiency, GHG reductions, and waste product reductions. At the same time, in January 2021, we have launched a team for planning Green Transformation (GX) strategies in order to contribute to achieving a sustainable society as efforts toward decarbonization spread worldwide. With this team, we
GX Strategy Targets
devised long-term GX strategies for moving toward carbon neutrality in 2030 and out to 2050, and we also made a road map based on these strategies. Starting in fiscal 2021, we have been shifting to a forecasting and analysis approach that is informed by these strategies. As we strengthen our current initiatives, we will also expand our targets to initiatives that take the broader society into consideration. CO2 reductions in the supply chain Carbon neutral
Environmentally friendly products
Reducing emissions of environmental impact substances
Zero emissions
    Biodiversity
2021   Reduction of GHG emissions Energy saving Waste reduction
  Contribution to businesses
Medium-Term Environmental Plan Activity Targets and Results
Target parameter
Evaluation
CO2 emissions2
Generated waste amount
SOx emissions NOx emissions Dust emissions
Water discharge COD emissions
A: Significant result B: Result in line with the target C: Target unachieved
Management items
Fiscal 2020 activity targets
2030
 Fiscal 2020 results
Evaluation
Fiscal 2021 activity targets
          Promotion of energy saving
Energy consumption per unit1
Improvement of more than 1% YoY
Up 4.3% YoY
(For DKS non-consolidated, down 0.5% YoY)
D
      Reduction of GHG emissions
Reduction of more than 1% YoY
Reduction of more than 1% YoY
Reduce emissions of environmental pollutants in the air
Reduce emissions of environmental pollutants in water
Improve green procurement ratio for paper and stationery
Achieve zero environment- related accidents
Comply with environmental laws and regulations
Promoting our environmental management system
D: Underperformed by a wide margin
Improvement of more than 1% YoY
Down 9.0% YoY A Improvement of more than 1% YoY
Down 6.0% YoY A Improvement of more than 1% YoY
For DKS non-consolidated, maintain at or below 0.1%
For DKS Group, at or below 3.8%4
4
Down 9.9% YoY B Reduce emissions of
Up 11.1% YoY C environmental pollutants in
Up 81.6% YoY D the air
Down 11.5% YoY B Reduce emissions of
Up 8.4% YoY C environmental pollutants in
water
Reduce emissions of PRTR Regulation-designated substances
62.1%; fell by 2.3 points C Improve green procurement YoY5 ratio for paper and stationery
Zero accidents B Achieve zero environment- related accidents
No legal/regulatory B Comply with environmental violations laws and regulations
Maintained B Promoting our environmental management system
  Final disposal rate3For DKS non-consolidated, maintain at or below 0.1%0.1%AFinal disposal amountReduce by 100 t or more in FY2024 compared with FY2019 resultsReduce by 205 t vs. FY2019 resultsBWaste Reduction  Reduction of environmental impact substance emissions
                Proper management of chemical substances
 Promotion of green procurement
PRTR Regulation - designated substances emissions
Reduce emissions of PRTR Regulation-designated substances
Up 22.5% YoY
C
       Elimination of disasters/accidents
   Environmental management system
  1. Based on the calculation method from the periodical report stipulated by the Act on the Rational Use of Energy
2. Derived from energy use in the production and administrative department
3.The ratio of the final disposal amount to the generated waste amount
4. Since we achieved the Group target for final disposal amount, the fiscal 2021 target was revised to 3.8% or lower and the fiscal 2024 target was revised to 0.5% or lower. 5. In fiscal 2020, we reviewed our method for calculating the green procurement ratio and made retroactive revisions for fiscal 2019.
Please see environmental data (p. 69–70) for details on energy, CO2, waste products, environmental impact substances, and chemicals subject to the PRTR regulation.
DKS REPORT 2021 45