Risk Management and Compliance
Basic Risk Management and Compliance Policies
 GRI102-16
Basic Risk Management Policy and Regulations
In our Business Principles we declare “we will strive to anticipate the changing business environment
to assess new opportunities for growth.” We
consider risk management to be a foundation for reducing management uncertainties and achieving management objectives. Based on our basic risk management policy, we manage risks that make the achievement of management goals uncertain, such as social change, changes in the global environment, natural disasters, accidents and scandals. In addition, we have established risk management regulations to incorporate the risk management policy into specific risk management activities. Our risk management regulations include responses to emergencies.
each business site and group company has an officer responsible for risk management and compliance, and a risk management and compliance promoter, who carry out specific duties. We held four Risk Management & Compliance Committee meetings in FY2021.
Risk Management and Compliance Promotion System Evaluation system
(Correction system)
Secretariat: General Affairs Department
Relevant SDGs
Program Regulations so whistleblowers using the program are not subject to unfavorable treatment.
Whistleblower Program
Results* of the Whistleblower Program (FY2021)
* Cases that should be regarded as reports according to the Whistleblower Program Regulations.
Risk Management and Compliance Promotion Activities
 GRI102-11, 17, 201-2, 205-2
Identifying, Evaluating and Specifying Company- wide Risks
In FY2020 we decided to identify the impact of anticipated changes in social and environmental conditions over the next ten years on uncertainties in group management, and then formulate measures to avoid and reduce those uncertainties.
We referred to sources such as the World Economic Forum and WBCSD guidance on the integration of sustainability and enterprise risk management for
risk data, and identified and evaluated risks. We also consulted risk management experts.
For more information
Please see our website for more information about the TCFD and mitigating climate change.
https://taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english
CSR-ESG Initiatives  Risk Management and Compliance  Risk Management and Compliance Promotion Activities
  Basic Compliance Policy (Summary)
 Compliance with our Mission, Business Principles and social norms
Maintaining internal systems and rules and ensuring broad-based awareness of them
Cooperation with all group companies and promotion of educational and enlightenment activities
Establishing appropriate responses and policies for when problems occur
Timely and appropriate disclosure and communication of necessary information
Compliance with international standards and rules, and respect for local cultures and customs
Rejection of illegal and unwarranted demands from antisocial forces or organizations
                Please see our website for more information about our Standards of Conduct (Casebook).
https://taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english
CSR-ESG InitiativesRisk Management and Compliance  Risk Management and Compliance Promotion Activities
Please see our website for more information about risk management and compliance.
https://taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english
CSR-ESG InitiativesRisk Management and Compliance
7
0 Basic Risk Management Policy
❶ We prevent and reduce risks in order to ensure the quality and safety of our products and services, protect the lives and safety of our employees
and their families, and earn greater trust from our stakeholders.
❷ We create a system to appropriately manage a wide range of risks associated with our business activities.
❸ We promote risk management through a plan-do- check-act cycle.
❹ We quickly and appropriately deal with risks as they are identified.
❺ In collaboration with group companies we build
a system for immediately detecting new risks arising from changes in our business environment and for quickly and appropriately dealing with risks at the group level.
      Basic Compliance Policy
Under our Business Principles we pledge that we will act in strict compliance with the law and in accordance with social mores. Fully aware that compliance is the foundation of CSR management, we published the Basic Compliance Policy and simultaneously created compliance rules in March 2005. We do not limit
our definition of compliance to legal compliance;
our definition includes compliance with the social mores from which our laws originate, the mission
and business principles of our group, and internal regulations.
Our president has ultimate responsibility for risk management and compliance promotion. The officer in charge of both areas (officer in charge of the General Affairs Department) is appointed by the president
to preside over and run the Risk Management & Compliance Committee and systematically promote organized activities.
The committee plays a core role in our risk management and compliance promotion for the
entire group. It deploys the policy, identifies, evaluates and specifies company-wide risks, implements risk management activities based on PDCA cycles and promotes compliance. Moreover, it studies and proposes the creation and revision of rules for risk management and compliance, and provides instructions for advancing the awareness and education of employees. Under the guidance of this committee,
* Subject to risk management: 103 group companies (as of March 31, 2021)
Whistleblower Program
Reports and requests are handled properly in accordance with normal company procedures. We
have also set up whistleblower hotlines to receive reports directly without the need for the usual company procedures. Whistleblowers have the option of either disclosing their identity, or reporting anonymously to mitigate any potential psychological constraints. We have whistleblower hotlines both internally (at the CSR Group of our General Affairs Department) and externally (at a law firm). Our internal hotline is in a dedicated, locked room equipped with dedicated phone and
fax lines, as well as a computer with a dedicated address, in order to safeguard the privacy of those submitting reports. Our external hotline is also available to all employees of group companies in an effort to strengthen group governance, improve program effectiveness and reduce the burden on individual companies. In addition, we created the Whistleblower
P.20 Recommendations of the TCFD, and the
For more information
The Anti-Bribery Policy
Risk Management and Compliance Promotion System
 GRI102-17, 30, 31
P.86
Identification of Risks and Opportunities
Announcement of Support for the Results of Our Scenario Analysis
 54
55
Ultimate responsibility: President
   Officer in charge: Officer in charge of General Affairs Department
Risk Management & Compliance Committee
 Chair: Officer in charge (of General Affairs Department)
Members: Managers at Headquarters and business sites
 Annual action plans for risk management
Hotline
 Internal (CSR Group, General Affairs Department)
Reports
    Headquarters, business sites (including research centers), plants, branches
 Officers responsible for risk management and compliance Risk management and compliance promoters
(Employees)
Group companies
External (Kajitani Law Offices)
  Officers responsible for risk management and compliance
Risk management and compliance promoters
(Employees)
   Identify and evaluate risks
 Risk management practices and education
(Whistleblower Program)
(Whistleblower Program)
Report on status of risk countermeasures
Follow-up survey Protect
Illegal actions Detect Whistleblower
External hotline
Internal hotline
Report General Affairs Department
Instruct Report
Officer in charge of General Affairs Department
Report Instruct Report
Corporate auditors President
The Foundations of Our Growth
Risk Management and Compliance
Measures to Reduce the Impact of Risks
Based on evaluations of identified company-wide risks, our Risk Management & Compliance Committee takes the lead in specifying those to be addressed every year and implementing activities to reduce risk impact through PDCA cycles. The challenges addressed in FY2021 were (1) the establishment of a system to prevent scandals such as accounting irregularities, and (2) the revision of compliance-related rules.
Examples of Overseas Risk Countermeasures
We have created and regularly revise the Riot/Terrorism Response Manual. In addition, with regard to high-risk countries to which our employees are dispatched,
we clearly state the procedure for deciding on local evacuations, have created a tool for evaluating the emergency evacuation level according to changes in local situations, and provide training using the tool. We also list and secure supplies (food, clothes, hygiene supplies, and medicines), as well as cash and other resources needed, in the event of evacuation or an emergency at our overseas business sites.
Emergency Task Force
If an event such as a disaster, accident or misconduct has occurred, the affected business site informs the general manager of the General Affairs Department. The general manager considers the severity of the event and determines if an emergency
task force should be established or if the response to the event can be delegated to the site management. Appropriate action is then taken by the emergency task force or local management.
13 such events were reported in FY2021. Important information, including how the situation is handled, is reviewed by the CSR Management Committee.
As preparation for responding to disasters and accidents, we also conducted Shake Out earthquake drills at each business site, and the general manager of the General Affairs Department attended an external course while exploring the question of providing executives with training on how to deal with the mass media. We also provided training for plant staff so
they would understand how to appropriately handle complaints if an accident occurs.
Response to the Spread of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19)
We and our group companies prioritized the
safety of our customers, business partners, the local community and employees of our business sites as COVID-19 infections spread. The emergency task force, headed by the president, implemented various measures and strove to ensure a stable supply of cement and mineral resources products that are essential for social infrastructure.
The Main Measures to Prevent the Spread of Infections • Strongly encourage telecommuting by setting
workplace attendance targets and publishing the actual attendance figures in-house and outside the company.
• Limit close contact between employees and prevent clusters from developing.
• Limit or completely ban get-togethers and occasions where people eat together.
• Utilize web conferencing and limit or completely ban business trips and meetings.
• Evacuate expatriate employees if so warranted by local conditions such as the spread of infections and the state of the medical care system.
• Provide workplace inoculations for Taiheiyo Cement and group company employees who work at the Headquarters or Central Research Laboratory, and for Taiheiyo Cement employees who work in the vicinity of Tokyo.
Going forward, the pandemic is expected to have a long-term impact on the economy and the business environment. However, Taiheiyo Cement and our group companies will continue to boost production while further promoting flexible work arrangement reforms, and to strive for business continuation even during states of emergency.
Risk Management and Compliance Promotion Training
We provide risk management and compliance training for managers and promoters working at the company’s business sites and group companies to ensure effective risk management and compliance.
In FY2021, we invited outside lecturers to give talks
to the managers at our group companies. Held in November, “Aiming for Harassment-free Workplaces: The Latest Legislation and Corporate Responses”
and “Preventing Irregularities and Scandals at Group Companies” were attended by 82 companies, including those who participated remotely. A training program for the promoters was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Compliance Training
In order to fulfill our mission and uphold our business principles, we formulated the Standards of Conduct to guide all our officers and employees in
the performance of their daily duties. The standards consist of 35 items in 6 categories that draw upon Taiheiyo Cement’s policies, regulations and president’s messages delivered within and outside the company.
We have created and distributed to all our employees, as well as all those of our main group companies, the Standards of Conduct (Casebook), which describes specific examples on how to act in line with the Standards of Conduct.
We regularly revise the Standards of Conduct (Casebook) to reflect the latest information.
In addition, for all company employees, including those on loan to group companies, we conduct monthly quiz tests as part of e-learning programs to provide education on the Standards of Conduct (Casebook) and other materials so they learn how to act in individual situations. In FY2021, 77.4% of employees participated in the program.
Please see our website for more information about our Standards of Conduct (Casebook).
https://taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english
CSR-ESG InitiativesRisk Management and Compliance Risk Management and Compliance Promotion Activities
Legal Roundtables for Group Companies
Since FY2006 we have been holding roundtable discussions attended by management and legal affairs representatives from our group companies. These provide opportunities to share legal information (mainly responses to revisions of laws)
in order to further our understanding of major laws relating to corporate management and to assist in the
creation of our group’s compliance regime. These roundtables were postponed due to the
impact of COVID-19 in FY2021, but the table below shows those held in FY2019 and FY2020. We plan to hold them in an appropriate form in FY2022, based on the COVID-19 situation and other considerations.
Previous Legal Roundtables for Group Companies
  2018 8 companies July 14 participants
2018 89 companies November 88 participants
2019 11 companies July 19 participants
2019 84 companies November 86 participants
Information Security
Legal issues concerning labor
Revised points in the Civil Code and their impact on business transactions
Practical responses to Civil Code revisions Legal issues concerning labor
Communication with authorities in response to corporate scandals (criminal plea bargains, antimonopoly leniency and commitment procedures)
Practical responses to Civil Code revisions (contract clause examples)
   System to Promote Information Security
To ensure and maintain the security of information assets we have established the Basic Information Security Policy and the Information Security Management Regulations. Under the management system in accordance with these regulations, we are actively working to maintain information security.
Our president has ultimate responsibility for information security. The president appoints the officer in charge of information security (officer in charge of the Corporate Planning Department),
who presides over and runs the Information Security Committee in order to advance systematic, organized activities to promote information security.
Information Security Structure
CSR Management Committee (ultimate responsibility for information security: president)
  Explosion at the Saitama Plant
On April 26, 2021 at 21:58, there was an explosion at the on-site power generation facility located on the north side of the Saitama Plant. We apologize profoundly for the trouble and anxiety we caused to the local residents, our customers, related companies, the authorities concerned, and many others.
It has been confirmed that debris flew beyond the plant perimeter, vehicles caught fire, buildings and vehicles were damaged and dirtied, and flying debris caused damage
to farmland. People who were in a nearby parking lot have reported health issues, but there were no injuries to other local residents or other people.
We are dealing in good faith with the damage etc. working on implementing countermeasures to prevent
a reccurance of the accident. There was no damage to plant facilities other than the on-site power generator and, after safety checks, cement production and shipments continued as normal, as did the treatment of municipal waste (combustible waste) entrusted to us by Hidaka, the city where the plant is located.
In addition, an accident investigation committee, including external experts, was established on June 1. We are working with the committee to investigate the causes of the accident based on an objective survey, and to formulate measures to prevent a recurrence.
   Information Security Committee
 Officer in charge of information security Director of information security
56
57
No.
27th
28th
29th
30th
Date
Attendance
Theme
    Business sites
Group companies
 Information management officer (business site manager)
Information handling officer (operations department managers/selected individuals)

The Foundations of Our Growth
Risk Management and Compliance
Please see our website for more information about our Basic Information Security Policy and Privacy Policy.
https://taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english
CSR-ESG InitiativesRisk Management and Compliance Information Security
Activities to Promote Information Security
In FY2021 we used a portal site on our intranet to remind and educate all employees about information security, and also hired outside experts to carry out a dark web analysis. A number of risks were identified and, after checking the details, we have taken appropriate measures. We also held a gathering for the information departments of group companies at which we promoted information security measures. In addition, we conducted disaster recovery drills based on hypothetical emergencies, and carried out a security level survey
of group companies and information security training designed to enhance our security system. No serious incidents related to information security have occurred.
We will continue our efforts to improve the security levels of our domestic and overseas group companies.
Protection and Use of Intellectual Property
Fundamental Intellectual Property Policy
Based on our policy of boosting the outstanding competitiveness and brand value of the Taiheiyo Cement Group via business-oriented intellectual property activities, in addition to strengthening the group’s business competitiveness by securing and utilizing intellectual property, we support the creation of an advantageous business environment by sharing information gleaned from totally new perspectives, based on an integrated analysis of information about patents, markets and the like.
System to Promote Intellectual Property Action
We have formulated and apply our Rules for Handling
Intellectual Property Rights and the Taiheiyo Cement
Group Intellectual Property Management Guidelines
to ensure the appropriate management of intellectual
property. 1,200
 Patent Application Ratio by Technical Field (FY2021)
Innovative materials and Contributing to future-oriented technologies national resilience 27% 40%
working to promote and stimulate intellectual property activities at our group companies via workshops and exchanges of information with the Intellectual Property Department.
 System to Promote Intellectual Property Action Tripartite Intellectual Property Action
Contributing to
the achievement of
carbon neutrality
16% 17%
In the process to create intellectual property we construct robust patent clusters by establishing rights to peripheral and improved technologies. As well
as constructing a wide-ranging, robust intellectual property portfolio, we support business expansion by promoting a strategic mix of intellectual property that also includes assets such as trademarks and design rights.
We also appropriately manage our intellectual property rights, carrying out comprehensive evaluations of their business and technological value, and deciding whether to maintain or renounce them.
Risk Management for Intellectual Property
With regard to preventing the infringement of
other companies’ rights, we strive to ascertain recent developments in our competitors’ rights via measures such as the periodic circulation of patent information, our problematic patent watch system and our intellectual property review service, and engage in thorough risk management based on our own criteria. Moreover, we boost our employees’ awareness of intellectual property risks via measures such as holding in-house training and intellectual property strategy promotion meetings with our various divisions. To date, we have never been sued for infringing intellectual property rights, and therefore have not suffered any ensuing business obstacles.
To prevent technology leaks we comprehensively assess such factors as the implementation status of the invention concerned, and the relative difficulty of confidentiality for it, make a decision on know-how concealment, and handle it carefully as a trade secret.
We are also focusing on risk strategies for overseas intellectual property in view of further expansion of our overseas business going forward. The legal systems of emerging Asian nations are different from the system in Japan. We make sure that any differences from Japan are well-known in our group companies, establish support systems that draw upon outside experts well- versed in the situation in specific countries, and carry
out risk management for our intellectual property.
Action to Boost Awareness of Intellectual Property
Our steps to make employees aware of intellectual property and boost the group’s intellectual property capabilities include holding in-house training, informing employees about external training programs, and encouraging them to take the national Intellectual Property Management Skills Test.
Our in-house training program includes basic training for new recruits who have almost no experience of dealing with intellectual property, periodical courses providing patent description training for young inventors, and patent research skills training. Thanks to the addition of remote training courses, our regional branches, plants and group companies participated actively in our FY2021 in-house training program with the number of participants increasing from 90 in the previous fiscal year to 164 in FY2021.
Furthermore, utilizing classes held by external organizations such as the Japan Intellectual Property Association has made it possible for participants to select training that matches their level and needs, and we are promoting such educational and awareness programs for employees at our group companies.
A patent description workshop (also available remotely)
 In-house Attendance at Intellectual Property
    Strategy for Research and Development
Central Research Laboratory
Intellectual property promoters
Cooperation
Intellectual property promoters
Cooperation
Intellectual property strategy
Intellectual Property Department
Cooperation
 Cooperation
Business Strategies Business divisions
Cooperation Information
  Outline of Our Intellectual Property
As of the end of March 2021, the company owned 1,273 domestic and 238 overseas patents, 267 domestic and 152 overseas trademarks, and 8 domestic design rights.
While maintaining and improving our performance in submitting patent applications in the cement and concrete sector that contribute to national resilience, recently there has been a sudden increase in our patent applications concerning technologies that contribute to carbon neutrality.
Number of Newly Registered and Current
Domestic Patent Rights
Newly registered patents Patents we own
1,142
140 2019
Non-consolidated
1,273
158
2021 (FY)
Training Sessions (FY2021)
57 83
(Unit: People)
57 114 50 81 164
(Patents) 1,500
Cooperation
Contributing to recycling-based society
   Training ContentBasic
Taiheiyo Cement Corporation
Group companies
Total
  2624Based on our intellectual property promotion system, intellectual property promoters are assigned to our major business divisions and the Central Research Laboratory to stimulate intellectual property action. They promote the effective and efficient creation, protection and use of our intellectual property in collaboration
with the Intellectual Property Department. We have also established the Group Intellectual Property Promotion Committee with our main group companies. We are
900 600 300
0
1,022
119 2017
1,087
124 2018
1,235
160 2020
As part of our action to boost awareness, we
also have a reward system for inventors and run the Intellectual Property Award Program for employees who contribute to excellent inventions or intellectual property activities.
Patent Descriptions
   Total
   58
59