Collaborating with Society
Stakeholder Engagement
Promotion of local culture and communication
 Explanatory meeting about the company held as part of an interaction between high school students and local companies (Fujiwara Plant)
Regional development
 Donation of cement for maintaining residential roads in Nghệ An Province (Nghi Son Cement Corporation, Vietnam)
Education and human resource development
 An outreach class about our cement business held at an elementary school
(Mining Department, Headquarters)
In February 2021, an employee in our Mining Department held an optional outreach class about cement for sixth-graders at the elementary school attended by their son. The outreach class explained in simple terms about the role played by cement in our daily lives, and raw materials such as limestone.
 Scholarships for local elementary and middle school pupils
(Nghi Son Cement Corporation, Vietnam)
Support for areas affected by disasters
 Setting up a sandbag station and contributing to local disaster prevention (Chugoku Branch, Maruse K.K)
    The commercial and industrial associations of Inabe, Toincho, Asake, Kuwanasansen, and the Federation of Mie Prefecture Commercial and Industrial Associations sponsored an interaction between approximately 320 first year students at Inabe Sogo Gakuen High School and around 20 commercial and industrial enterprises with business premises in the
Between 2020 and 2021 Nghi Son Cement Corporation has donated 5,000 tonnes of cement to the village of Quỳnh Lộc where its quarry is located.
The local people have expressed their gratitude for the cement which is being used to build residential roads and drainage facilities.
 Food aid for local residents (CalPortland Company, USA)
The Maruse K.K. Satou Plant is located in a residential area and in the vicinity of a preschool. The plant aims to coexist harmoniously with the local community, and set up a sandbag station in the plant car park as a measure to protect houses
area under their jurisdiction. The enterprises that applied to participate sent representatives to go into the classrooms and explain about their company.
in the event of localized flooding. The station has been in operation since March 2021 and local residents can make free use of the sandbags to protect their homes.
 Inspection tour by Roy Cimatu, Secretary of Environment and Natural Resources
(Taiheiyo Cement Philippines, Inc. and Solid Earth Development Corporation)
 Donations of food and hygiene products to local residents (Taiheiyo Cement Philippines, Inc. and Solid Earth Development Corporation)
    On August 21 2020, Roy Cimatu, Secretary of Environment and Natural Resources, who had been invited to visit the Province of Cebu, paid a visit to Taiheiyo Cement Philippines, Inc. and Solid Earth Development Corporation after an inspection tour of mines and quarries in the province. Both companies have continued operations despite the COVID-19 pandemic, and he inspected their management methods, and CSR initiatives to protect the environment and ensure employee health and safety. He was full of praise for both companies.
Ever since 2012, the Mojave Plant of CalPortland Company
has made an annual donation to a food bank in Mojave, California where the plant is located. The donation goes toward Thanksgiving Dinner baskets for low-income households in
As an expression of gratitude to local residents who cooperate with its plant and quarry operations, since 2004 Nghi Son Cement Corporation has endowed the Nghi Son Cement Scholarship for children who have lost a parent through an accident or ill-health.
Taiheiyo Cement Philippines, Inc. and Solid Earth Development Corporation donated food aid such as rice and canned products to people suffering from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in Cebu Province. They also donated 1,000 masks and 20 thermographic devices sent by Taiheiyo Cement Headquarters.
the city. Volunteers deliver the baskets individually, and many recipients express their gratitude each year.92 93