Creating a Healthy and Safe Workplace
Improving Equipment to Prevent the Recurrence of Accidents
equipment such as VR (virtual reality) devices at all our cement plants for employees to experience simulated dangers related to safety harnesses, rotating equipment, electricity and heavy objects hanging from a crane. We also set up a system that can provide effective training for younger or less experienced employees. We also make this equipment available to contractors and group companies upon request.
Experiential safety training using VR
We made a DVD in Japanese, English and Chinese called The Promise of the Seven Safety Principles about prohibited actions that could lead to serious accidents. Its visual format makes it easy to understand and it is used
in training for people
who have just stared
working at a plant, for
example.
The Promise of the Seven Safety Principles
we confirmed its effectiveness. We made further improvements and assessments in FY2022, and plan to bring it into use in
When we classify accidents by type, every year a high proportion of them are due to falls. Since a high proportion of such accidents in FY2021 were due
to falls from concrete mixer trucks, representatives from the Company-
wide Health & Safety
Committee visited
Asano Concrete
Corporation, a
company that is making
progress in initiatives
to tackle this issue.
We are disseminating
information about their
excellent initiatives
laterally throughout the
group.
The Company-wide Health & Safety Committee provides support for safety activities at group companies. It started conducting safety surveys
in FY2019, and carried out surveys of the group’s ten business sites in Japan and five sites overseas
in FY2020. As a result of measures introduced to prevent the spread of COVID-19, surveys were only conducted at two business sites in Japan in FY2021. We are carrying out safety surveys at the business sites that could not be surveyed in FY2021, and will move forward with action to improve safety.
  Expanding Safety Activities to Group Companies
Measures to prevent falls (Asano Concrete Corporation)
Safety Training DVD
  Preventing Heatstroke
As a measure to prevent heatstroke we made prototype workwear that is
more sweat-absorbent
and dries faster, and
 90
Safety patrol (Maruse K.K.)
In order to boost the safety awareness of our employees we hold safety training where they experience risks inherent in familiar operations. In FY2019 we introduced experiential safety training
Experiential Safety Training
FY2023. Prototype workwear (Taiheiyo Cement 