The Foundations of Our Growth
Respect for Human Rights and Diversity
Relevant SDGs
Please see our website for more information about general business owner action plans pursuant to the Act of Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.
https://taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english
CSR-ESG InitiativesCollaborating with Society
 Human Resource Development and Creating an Energetic Workplace
We have been working to improve the working environment for employees with disabilities, including the establishment of three special purpose subsidiaries. As a result, our employment rate of persons with disabilities has steadily improved. The rate was 2.50% as of June 2020 and the annual average employment rate for FY2021 was 2.61%, exceeding the statutory rate for the 14th consecutive year. The statutory employment rate was raised to 2.30% in March 2021. Our employment rate was 2.55% as of June 1, 2021, which also exceeded the statutory rate.
Trends in the Employment Rate for Persons with
 Basic Policy Concerning Human Rights and Labor Practices
We also assisted group companies in conducting training courses and distributed a booklet to raise awareness of human rights.
female managers in March 2021 was 10.7%, meaning that we have achieved our target.
  GRI102-16
We formulated our Basic Policy Concerning Human
 In-house Training on Human Rights Issues and
In addition to the plan actioned in April 2021
and based on the Act for Measures to Support the Development of the Next Generation and the Act for Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace, we are proactively recruiting female employees and taking measures to support their retention in order to open up more workplaces and career options for female employees. To further promote employee work-life balance management, including childcare management, we have set targets relating
to the use of annual paid leave and encourage male employees to take childcare leave.
Rights and Labor Practices in April 2015 with the awareness that respecting human rights and diversity is a fundamental principle for a sustainable society, and taking into consideration the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the labor standards of the International Labor Organization.
Submitted Slogans (FY2021)
Non-consolidated
112 participants
3,152 participants Group companies
775 participants included
69 participants 1,637 slogans
   In-house Training and Slogans Submitted
Results
Promoting Employment Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities
     Basic Policy Concerning Human Rights and Labor Practices
❶ Recognizing that respecting human rights is a foundational management concern, we will strive to address human rights issues.
❷ We will respect diversity and will not tolerate discrimination or harassment in any form.
❸ Applying accepted international principles and laws and labor practices in each country, we will respect the rights of all our workers, provide them with employment free of discrimination and strive to ensure equal employment opportunities.
❹ We will strive for better working conditions and a workplace environment that ensures the health and safety of our employees.
❺ We will not tolerate child labor or forced labor under any circumstances.
   Our Human Rights Hotline
In terms of our systems, we improved the existing system regarding childcare and caregivers in FY2017, and in FY2018 established a system that made leave available at the time of a life event and a reemployment system. We introduced a telecommuting system in April 2020, and are working on initiatives to improve labor productivity and make diverse workstyles available.
Members of the harassment counseling committees and human rights committees located at all our business sites conduct activities to raise awareness of human rights to prevent harassment, and handle any related complaints to create a positive workplace environment.
In October 2017 we launched Kirakira Palette, a portal site that provides support for continuous employment and is an integrated source of information about
fringe benefits and support available for childcare and caregiving. Kirakira Palette was launched in response to employee feedback stating that they did not know which kind of systems were available in the company and that they would like more details about them.
We intend to continue doing all we can to increase the number of employees with disabilities, including visiting schools, inviting school staff to our workplaces, collaborating with support organizations for persons with disabilities, and participating in recruitment events and seminars for persons with disabilities.
In FY2021, we received 4 reports via the hotline. We reviewed the details of each report based on requests from the complainants, and responded appropriately.
Harassment Hotline
Human rights awareness promotion committee members
Disabilities (as of June 1 of each year)
Non-consolidated
Private sector average
2.50InternalExternal
Respect for Human Rights
and Labor Practices we are committed to respecting the human rights of our employees and all those involved in our business activities. These strong commitments are reflected in our Standards of Conduct (see pages 56- 57), which govern the actions of each employee and are clearly expressed in statements such as “We will respect human rights and will not discriminate on the basis of national origin, gender or other factors” and “We will maintain a harassment-free workplace.”
and harassment consultation members have been assigned at all our business sites (56 in total)
We are also committed to providing information
concerning male participation in childcare. In October 3.0 2020 we invited an outside lecturer to talk about gender 2.5 equality programs throughout Japan and childcare 2.0 support, and held an in-house diversity forum exploring 1.5
 GRI102-17, 412-2
Under the Basic Policy Concerning Human Rights
ratio (%)*
2.39 2.34 2.30 1.97 2.05 2.11
Telephone and website consultations have been contracted to the Japan Institute for Women’s Empowerment & Diversity Management Harassment Hotline
 Number of Reports to the Harassment Hotline
Non-consolidated
(Unit: person)
Internal1203
External0101
Respecting Diversity
the idea of male participation in childcare.
We launched a program to train the next generation
1.0 1.49 0.5 0.82
0
2.37
1.92
Employment ratio (%)
Statutory employment Taiheiyo Cement
     (FY2021)
of leaders (for female employees) in December 2020, and this new initiative is scheduled to run until the end of FY2026. It is held for our younger employees, including new recruits and mid-level employees, and is designed to gradually boost their awareness of their leadership potential.
2021 (FY) * Statutory rate: Statutory employment rates were 1.8% until March 31, 2013,
 2001
2017
2018 2019 2020Sexual harassmentPower harassmentOther forms of harassmentTotalEducational Activities on Human Rights
We will continue to promote initiatives to attract and retain female employees, train human resources capable of managing work-life balance, and
improve in-house systems which
support them in that. Via such work-life
balance management initiatives we
aim to become an organization where
diverse human resources can make full
use of their abilities.
Rehiring System for Employees Who Have Reached Retirement Age
2.0% until March 31, 2018, and are 2.2% since April 1, 2018.
 We have been conducting a variety of educational activities in the belief that education is the foundation for human rights.
We rehire employees who want to continue working after they have reached the traditional retirement age
of 60 until they become eligible for their pension.
After they start receiving a pension, we rehire them in accordance with specific rehiring standards under a labor-management agreement until they are 65. We will continue to make sure there is a workplace for individuals who seek reemployment by expanding opportunities in group companies.
 Number of Employees Rehired
51 21
  In the FY2021 training program for the top management at group companies, we held a lecture called “Harassment-free Workplaces: The Latest Legislation and Corporate Responses” that was based on the revised act to prevent power harassment that was enacted in June 2019. We also held training for all our employees to make them aware of unconscious bias.
 GRI404-2, 405-1
Promoting Diversity and the Empowerment of Women
We position promoting diversity and empowering women as a priority issue for creating an innovative labor force, and have set quantitative targets in the CSR Objectives for 2025 (formulated in May 2015) as announced in-house and outside the company. As of the end of March 2021, the ratio of female employees is 9.2%, and we are continuing with initiatives aimed at meeting our target. The ratio of newly appointed
Non-consolidated
 Moreover, during Human Rights Week, we promoted human rights awareness by collecting slogans from company employees and their families as well as our partner companies.
(Unit: person)
  Kirakira Palette portal site established
 60
61
Taiheiyo Cement Group Top Management CSR training
  Unconscious bias training
 Human rights training at plants and branches
 Human Rights Week slogans submitted (by employees and their families)
    Employer
2020
  Rehired by the company
 Rehired by other companies (including some that are not group companies)
 
The Foundations of Our Growth
Human Resource Development and Creating an Energetic Workplace
Human Resource Development and Evaluation
 GRI404-2, 3
We regard our employees as the most important management resources for achieving sustainable growth of our group. We maintain a long-term human resource development system in accordance with our Basic Human Resources Development Policy and a fair evaluation system to support the performance of all our human resources. These systems reflect diverse individual characteristics and values, regardless of nationality or gender.
Employee-friendly Workplaces
 GRI401-3, 403-6
Flexible Work Arrangements
We are striving to provide flexible work arrangements by adopting various employment systems that will enable our employees to enhance work-life balance.
Support for Childcare and Caregivers
We established a long-term leave system in 2017 for employees who have no choice but to give up their careers due to unavoidable circumstances such as relocating for their spouse’s job or childcare. We also operate a reemployment system for employees who leave their jobs due to child or family care. In addition to our childcare/family-care leave, we have instituted measures that support employees who
do not want to take leave, such as telecommuting, flextime, shortened work hours, and starting work early or finishing late.
Responding to the Act for Measures to Support the Development of the Next Generation
Since FY2006 we have been formulating general business owner action plans based on the Act
for Measures to Support the Development of the Next Generation. After gaining our first “Kurumin” certification in 2017, we achieved the targets
for promoting the use of annual paid leave and encouraging male employees to take childcare leave set in the general business owner action plan during its fifth term, from April 2017 to March 2019, and its sixth term, from April 2019 to March 2021. We also met multiple certification criteria such as the rate of childcare leave taken and levels of overtime work. In recognition of our efforts we have gained our third “Kurumin” certification. Also, in FY2022 we started implementing various efforts in accordance with our seventh general business owner action plans.
  Characteristics of Ideal Employees
From the standpoint of human resource development, we have identified the following three desirable characteristics and traits for revolutionizing the company and creating a dynamic Taiheiyo Cement.
Self-confident individuals with a strong sense of purpose who will contribute to the sustainable growth of the group
❶ Individuals with innovative ideas, strong
leadership and the ability to take bold actions ❷ Individuals who can play an active role in the
global arena
❸ Individuals who can contribute to group
management
  General Business Owner Action Plans
Duration
April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2023 (2 years)
Target
 Measures
  1
 Encourage employees to take annual paid leave
Systematically provide annual paid leave, set days when employees are encouraged to take annual paid leave
  2
 Encourage male employees to take childcare leave
Run a portal site in support of the continuation of employment which systematically introduces internal systems, actively encourage employees to take the childcare leave they are entitled to
   Basic Policy Concerning the Development of Human Resources
Our aim is to develop human resources that are highly regarded both inside and outside the company. In principle, human resources will be:
❶ Developed through on the job training supplemented by off-the-job training
❷ Developed to inherit the roles of their predecessors, playing central roles in the future in each field and at each level
❸ Developed to take action in constant consideration of group management
❹ Developed to global standards of competence
❺ Developed to protect the environment and to serve
society by assuming active roles in CSR initiatives
❻ Encouraged and assisted to develop their motivation and to adopt broader perspectives through self-development
   Education/Training-Related Expenditure per Employee Non-consolidated
(Unit: Thousand yen)
74 75 34
*Expenditure was lower in FY2021 since training was postponed or moved online due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Please see our website for more information about our training system.
https://taiheiyo-cement.co.jp/english
CSR-ESG Initiatives  Integrated Report  Appendix
Human Resource Evaluation System
We have adopted a human resource evaluation system that prioritizes development over compensation. The system assists employees in deepening their understanding of their evaluation results through feedback. It also strongly emphasizes the exchange of opinions between evaluators and employees, who share their thoughts on issues such as identifying areas for future development.
We have been implementing a management (HR evaluation) training program since FY2008
to enhance the evaluation, development and management of skills of evaluators. As of the end of FY2021, 810 people had participated in training under this program.
 Leave Taken and Work Hours
100%
67.6%
16.7 hours
Non-consolidated
Main Work Systems that Allow Flexible Work Arrangements
 FY2019
  FY2020
  FY2021
      Human Resource Development
We implement company-wide measures, including group training by position, and the development of global human resources. We also introduce measures aimed at developing the individual potential of each employee as a basis for energizing the organization. These efforts provide our employees with opportunities for personalized learning experiences that foster autonomy and independence, and ultimately raise their motivation to the next level. We actively encourage and create environments in which employees can freely make decisions about their careers during their work and training.
In addition, all employees are requested to submit annual self-appraisals in which they can detail their future career development aspirations, worksite preferences and family considerations. This helps us improve the working environment so they can fully demonstrate their abilities and we can retain their long-term services.
100%
78.5%
17.4 hours
18 (8) 100%
74.5%
17.5 hours
     62
63
Telecommuting system Flextime system Discretionary labor system Half-day paid vacation
 “Special Reserved” leave (use of accumulated paid leave that has expired)
Refresh System
Human resource management system with
region-limited employment option
Items
2018
2019
2020
       Number of employees who took childcare leave (male employees in parentheses)
22 (8)
24 (17)
   Childcare leave rate for female employees
 Rate of annual paid leave taken
 Overtime work (monthly average)
 
The Foundations of Our Growth
Human Resource Development and Creating an Energetic Workplace
Support for Volunteer Activities
In June 2012 we formulated a volunteer activity leave scheme and have been supporting volunteer activities undertaken by employees. A total of 44 employees have taken this leave as of FY2021.
Initiatives to Promote Employee Health
In March 2018 the company formulated the
“Taiheiyo Cement Group Commitment to Health” as
its policy for employee health. Under the commitment
we have since undertaken initiatives based on the
“Kenkokeiei*” concept to maintain and improve the
mental and physical health of every employee.
* Kenkokeiei (Health Management) is a trademark of the NPO Health Management Study Group.
Mental Healthcare
We provide mental health checkups for all our employees (consultation rate: 96.7% in FY2021). Mental healthcare is a key focus in our initiatives
to promote employee health. We also conduct workshops focused on maintaining mental health.
In addition, we offer free counseling services on mental health to employees and their families under a contract with the company’s healthcare trust for this purpose.
Promoting Hygiene and Good Health
We conduct annual health examinations for all employees in accordance with the Industrial Safety and Health Act. As in FY2019 and FY2020, the attendance rate in FY2021 was 100%. When it is deemed necessary, we encourage the employee to undergo a more thorough examination and provide guidance on how to make lifestyle improvements.
Moreover, as part of the initiative, we hold nutrition seminars at each business site, provide information through our in-house newsletter and distribute pamphlets that boost health awareness.
Employee Awareness Survey
With the aim of boosting our employees’ job satisfaction we conducted an employee survey every two years from FY2014 to FY2018. We are discussing details to implement it more effectively in FY2022.
Our Employees
 GRI102-7, 8, 401-1
 Employees (as of the end of FY2021)
1,633
65
10,991
803
 Number of Newly Graduated Employees
Non-consolidated
(Unit: person) 91
18
 Aims of Specialized Committees
Review the entire personnel system and
Examine the operation of personnel/ labor management systems in the context of diversifying employment and employment formats
Examine problems concerning work hours and work hour management, and the response to laws related to work hours
Examine the measures necessary to promote diversity in the workplace
   Committee
AimsFY2019FY2020FY2021    (Unit: person) 1,838
Male
Female
68 91
24 18
the treatment of employees
Committee
on human resources and the treatment of employees
       Permanent employees
Male
Female
205
8
1,595
255
73
12,586
1,058
 Number of Newly Hired Mid-career Employees Non-consolidated
Total
    Committee on employment and employment formats
  Temporary employees
  Permanent employeesFY2019FY2020FY2021    Temporary employees
Male
Female
6 9
7 0
(Unit: person) 11
0
Committee on work hours
     Committee to promote workplace diversity
  Average Length of Employment for Employees
Sound Labor-Management Relations
 GRI102-41, 403-4
All employees who have entered into a labor
  Taiheiyo Cement Group Commitment to Health
The Taiheiyo Cement Group regards its employees as key management resources (“human assets”)
and intends to be a corporate group in which every employee can enthusiastically work while maintaining their mental and physical health.
(as of the end of each fiscal year)
Non-consolidated
(Unit: year) Male 20.4 20.0 19.2
Female 13.1 12.3 12.3
 Number of Employees in Management Positions
agreement with the company are union members.
As and when required we hold labor-management consultation and briefing sessions that provide opportunities for labor and management to exchange opinions and negotiate issues on the basis of
mutual trust and understanding. These sessions encompass not only labor contract negotiations
but also explanations of corporate performance, revisions to wages and bonuses, and amendments to systems and rules. We aim to improve communication between labor and management via these sessions. In addition, four specialized committees have been set up for labor-management consultations and provide opportunities for active negotiation and exchanging views between labor and management.FY2019FY2020FY2021  Direct Communication between Executive Officers and Employees
In FY2021, the Stakeholder Communication Committee hosted a roundtable discussion for female executives and female employees as part of its action to stimulate communication.
As one of our initiatives to achieve the workplace diversity targets in our CSR Objectives for 2025 (a ratio of at least 30% female employees hired with
no area restrictions on their work, a ratio of female to male employees of at least 10%, and a 10% ratio of newly appointed female managers), we provided a forum for Ms. Koizumi (one of our directors), Ms. Mitani (one of our corporate auditors) and 12 female employees to engage in frank exchanges of ideas on topics such as career advice and how to balance work and life events.
  (as of the end of each fiscal year)
Non-consolidated
(Unit: person) 759
8FY2019FY2020FY2021Male
Female
767
3
760
5
       64
65