 How we will achieve sustainability Health and People
As a total healthcare company, the Otsuka group aims to contribute to people’s health as it conducts its business operations. In the pursuit of corporate philosophy, we consider it essential that all employees are able to work freely and vigorously in good health. Therefore, we are promoting proactive measures to enhance employees’ health, while working to resolve health issues through our business operations.
  Initiatives to Resolve Health Issues
Proactively Providing Information and Supporting Various Activities - Case of Taiho Pharmaceutical
Seeking to resolve the unmet medical needs of cancer patients worldwide, Taiho Pharmaceutical promotes the discovery and development of anticancer agents. It also undertakes diverse other diverse activities, including support for projects aim to address challenges in the oncology area, and proactive information provision.
Supports Various Activities
• Participation in "READYFOR SDGs" in2019, an SDGs matching platform provided for corporations by READYFOR, Inc.
Supporting diverse projects that address challenges in the field of oncology through crowdfunding.
Proactively Providing information
Taiho Pharmaceutical performs proactive activities to communicate product information and proper use information to healthcare professionals in a scientific and impartial manner. As a manufacturer of anticancer agents, we have published a "Handbook of Anticancer Agents" for patients since 1999, summarizing the mechanism of action and effect of each drug, symptoms and timing of frequently experienced adverse reactions, when to seek medical advice, and medication record sheet. We have also been the first Japanese pharmaceutical company to publish a "Guide to Proper Use" of anticancer drugs for healthcare professionals. At present, we continue to proactively provide proper information through the following activities.
• Distribution of a booklet 20 - TWENTY - (since 2016)
Supervised by the Appearance Support Center, National Cancer Center Hospital, the booklet is targeted at patients who receive cancer treatments in the AYA generation (Adolescents and Young Adults in their teens or 20s), their families, friends and other persons living together with them, and shares information regarding problems that may occur during treatments and some solutions to them.
• Distribution of a booklet "Fertility Preservation Handbook for Cancer Patients - Thinking about Having a Child" (since 2017)
Supervised by Fertility Preservation Support, Survivorship Support Department, Cancer Institute Hospital of JFCR
• A documentary film "Things To Know Before You Become a Cancer Patient" was screened for free at the Kitajima Plant in 2019.
  "20 - TWENTY -"
Fertility Preservation Handbook for Cancer Patients: Thinking about Have a ChildCommunicating the Value of Health Broadly and Continuously
Otsuka Holdings has published “Otsuka Health Comic Library” for more than 30 years to communicate the mechanism of body, diseases and health in an easy-to-understand manner, and has donated it to elementary schools and public libraries across Japan.
In the Nutraceutical Business, we have developed science-based products and provided information leveraging know-how from the Pharmaceutical Business. Since 1990s, when the idea of heat
disorders had yet to become common, we have been raising awareness of proper hydration. We have also promoted dietary education to communicate the importance of nutritional balance. To maintain and promote women’s health, we are also providing information to disseminate correct knowledge concerning physical and mental changes in women’s health and solutions to them, based on know-how and expertise acquired through the R&D of soybean products.
42 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2020Nutraceutical Business Pharmaceutical Business
      For more details about our health-related initiatives, visit: https://www.otsuka.com/en/csr/society/health/
      For more details about our people-related initiatives, visit: https://www.otsuka.com/en/csr/society/people/Measures to Enhance Employees’ Health
Establishing a workplace where people under treatment can continue working - Case of Taiho Pharmaceutical
Recognizing its employee as precious human resources, Taiho Pharmaceutical has aimed to establish workplaces where employees under treatment for cancer or other diseases can continue working, by organizing in-house systems, providing consultation service, and promoting awareness raising activities. In 2016, volunteers at the Human Resources Department, including occupational nurses and public health nurses, established a “Cancer Patients’ Work Support Team” (present “Work-Treatment Support” project). This has led to systems for harmonizing work with treatment, by extending leaves for cancer patients, eliminating ceiling on the number of leaves, considerations for transfers,1 and a path for return to the job.2 We have also formulated a “"Guide to Work Support for Employees with Cancer" also have been formulated by summarizing information regarding work support for employees with cancer, and have broadly disseminated the information through the intranet and human resource seminars.
In 2019, a cancer-related information portal site "C-Guide
cancer. However, due to the sensitivity of individual experiences, we only have limited occasions to come across its detailed information. This portal site provides information concerning systems and consultation services available to employees and their families who have developed cancer or other diseases, as well as the importance of cancer prevention and examination. The site also has pages for sharing actual treatment experiences by employees and their families, so that they can deepen their understanding, identify requirements in the experience, and recognize the significance of working as members of Taiho Pharmaceutical, a provider of anti-cancer agents.
In recognition of these initiatives, we received the gold prize for two consecutive years (2019 and 2020) at the Ally Declaration and Award for Cancer Survivorship sponsored by the Ally Community at Workplace for Cancer Survivorship, a private project committed to cancer and employment.
1. Relevant employees may change from a position with the possibility of transfer with
Portal" was launched for employees. Cancer is a disease close to
moving across Japan to a position with the possibility of transfer only in a limited region. 2. This system enables employees to return to the job within three years after leaving the
our living, with one in every two Japanese is considered to develop company due to special reasons, including cancer or other refractory diseases designated by the national government.Providing consultation Service and Other Truly Needed Support Systems
As a manufacturer that has been engaged in the oncology area for about half a century, Taiho Pharmaceutical has had a culture to warmly support employees with cancer or other diseases. Since 2013, we have further strengthened employment support by revising the employment rules and other systems, while enhancing consultation services. The types and symptoms of diseases and the style of coping vary among individuals. We endeavor to make our best possible efforts by sincerely pursuing support that is truly needed by each employee.
 Akira Mita
Deputy Director, Human Resources Department, Taiho Pharmaceutical
Maintaining and Improving the Health of Employees and Their Families
Otsuka Holdings undertakes activities to promote employees’ health, in cooperation with the Otsuka Pharmaceutical health insurance association, healthcare professionals,
and health management personnel at each
group company. These activities include health seminars for group employees and their families based on knowledge in group business, started in 2015. The seminars have been held annually in major cities across Japan, under the themes
such as “Women’s Health” and “Conditioning and Immunity,” with approximately 1,500 participants in total.3 In 2020, the
seminars were held online due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical has also opened in-house seminars for education and support concerning alcohol-related issues, leveraging its knowledge in the Pharmaceutical Business.
3. As of December 31, 2020
 Health Seminar
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 43