 Quality in All We Do
To help build a sustainable society, the Otsuka group guided by an enduring philosophy of “Customers First” and “Quality First,” pursues quality at all stages of the value chain, and promotes initiatives taking into account the environment, society and human rights.
   Research and Development
Ethical Considerations in
Accordance with Laws and
Guidelines
In R&D, it is at times necessary to apply various methodologies for verifying efficacy and safety. The Otsuka group complies with all related laws, ordinances and guidelines while striving to uphold bioethics and scientifically valid methodologies from the viewpoints of preservation of the environment and safety management.
Procurement
Sustainable Procurement in Corporation with Business Collaborators
Across the entire value chain, the Otsuka group engages in business activities in compliance with laws and regulations, and with respecting the environment and human rights. For a new suppliers, transactions are determined only after we have carried out due diligence. Together with business collaborators, the entire Otsuka group will promote sustainable procurement with the aim of realizing a sustainable society.
Production, Quality Control and Patient/ Customer Safety
Group-wide Cooperation for
“Customer-First” and “Quality-First”
The Otsuka group complies with laws and regulations, administrative instructions and industrial standards, and also has been working to get ISO 9001, ISO 22000 and FSSC 22000 certified. In addition, we observe laws and regulations in other countries, perform quality control and quality assurance based on GxP,1 and implement post-marketing safety control, by establishing a global safety surveillance system to collect and monitor safety information concerning adverse events.
1. GxP (Good x Practice): A general term for “Good Practice” standards ministerial (ordinances, regulations and guidelines) established by governments and other public institutions for ensuring safety and reliability
      Yasunobu Harada
Project Office (Procurement),
Otsuka Holdings
Promoting Sustainable Procurement throughout the Group
To promote sustainable procurement activities throughout the Otsuka group, we have established the Otsuka Sustainable Procurement Task Force made up of Otsuka Holdings, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Chemical, Otsuka Foods, Otsuka Packaging Industries, Otsuka Techno, and EN Otsuka Pharmaceutical. The task force has formulated the Otsuka Group Procurement Policy and the Otsuka Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines, and conducts surveys of sustainable procurement activities at business collaborators using a self-assessment questionnaire (SAQ), as well as in-house training. Given the task force was launched during the COVID-19 pandemic, its meeting sessions have been held exclusively online, nevertheless discussion have been vigorous.
    Water scorpion
Hare
Dragonfly
Daurian redstart
Beetle
Butterfly
Various kinds of wild birds come and visit the biotope2 in Tokushima Itano Factory every season; a biotope inhabited by insects including dragonflies and butterflies. Clean cooling water that was used in the factory is recycled by pouring it back into the pond where frogs, water scorpions and many other animals live. The ground of the biotope area is covered with leaf mold to raise beetles from larva.
2. “Biotope” is a compound formed from German words “Bio (life)” and “Top (place),” signifying a place where indigenous wildlife can flourish in nature.
   44 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
   For more details about our quality in all we do-related initiatives, visit: https://www.otsuka.com/en/csr/society/quality/
   Logistics
Control and Maintenance of Product Quality, and Business Continuity Planning as a Health-Related Company
We ensure rigorous control and maintenance of product quality throughout distribution for pharmaceuticals, food products and beverages. Furthermore, for the transport of pharmaceuticals, we have registered vehicles for authorized access to restricted areas in an emergency. We have also exchanged MOUs with shippers, warehouse owners and other collaborators, for transport during a disaster, as part of our system for business continuity planning.
Sales and Marketing
Appropriate Promotion and
Enhanced Information Access
To deliver high-value products and services to customers, each group company formulates and observes its own code of practice, which expands on the JPMA Promotion Code for Prescription Drugs. We have also established an expert panel, comprising people from several departments, to perform reviews of marketing plans and sales promotion materials.
Customer Service
Sincere Response to Inquiries and Reflection in Company Activities
The Otsuka group establishes dedicated customer contact points (staffed by specially trained personnel) to response to inquiries that match the characteristics of drugs, quasi-drugs, food products, and other respective products. Opinions and requests regarding products and services are shared within the group for the purpose of product development and improvement.
      Kazumi Goto
St. Luke’s International University/ Director, Pharmacy Department, St. Luke’s International Hospital
Drug and Healthcare Information Provision Activities Expected
of Employees
In fiscal 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic made collecting information in person difficult. However, Otsuka Pharmaceutical conducted timely information provision activities online, thereby ensuring access to drug and healthcare information whenever needed, while ensuring thorough infection prevention.
As a partner for drug therapy, we expect employees at Otsuka Pharmaceutical to continue appropriate information provision activities while ensuring compliance, and to come up with ideas for information provision using online tools other channels.
 Promotion of Customer-centric Management
In October 2018, the Otsuka group announced its Declaration of Customer-centric Commitment, as a way of putting the corporate philosophy into practice. Promotion of customer-centric management has been toward the group’s materialities under the medium-term management plan. In conducting business, we recognize that respecting consumer rights is an important human rights issue. Our Declaration of Customer-centric Commitment establishes basic policies stating our commitment to our social responsibilities as a corporation, which we fulfill by pursuing customer-centric management and making appropriate decisions that are based on dialogue with all stakeholders.
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 45