 Governance
 Corporate Governance
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (“the Company”) is committed to promoting sustainable increase of its corporate value over the medium to long term by realizing its corporate philosophy, “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide.” To meet this commitment, it adopts a basic policy of making transparent, fair and timely decisions, and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility by living up to the expectations of all stakeholders, including customers, business partners, employees, local communities, and shareholders, through ongoing dialogue.
 The Company discloses its basic approach to corporate governance in its Corporate Governance Guidelines, available on the corporate website.
  Corporate Governance Guidelines
https://www.otsuka.com/en/csr/governance/pdf/ governance_guideline.pdf
Corporate Governance Report (April 5, 2021)
https://www.otsuka.com/jp/csr/governance/pdf/ governance_report2021.pdf (available only in Japanese)
Overview of Corporate Governance Structure
With the aim of promoting the sustainable growth of the Company and increasing corporate value over the medium to long term, the Board of Directors, which also includes outside directors, advances the execution of management plans and supervises the Company's management in order to enhance profitability and capital investment efficiency. The Company secures its soundness and has established a solid corporate governance structure that lives up to social expectations by ensuring that the Audit & Supervisory Board and its members, which are independent from the directors, can audit the directors' performance of their duties in collaboration with the accounting auditor, as well as the Internal Audit Department.
Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
• Establishment of Otsuka Holdings
• Term of directors set at one year
• Decision not to adopt a directors’ retirement benefits system
• Corporate officer system adopted
• Two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Stock options as performance-linked remuneration introduced
• Stock publicly listed in December
• First Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Two outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Second Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Three outside directors; two outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members
• Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics established
• Otsuka Group Global Anti-Corruption Policy established
• Corporate Governance Guidelines established
• Internal whistleblowing system (for Otsuka Holdings and major
group companies) established, with reporting to an independent body outside the Company
Composition of the Board of Directors and Committees
Governance Structure (As of March 30, 2021)
Company with an Audit &
Supervisory Board
13 [4 (independent directors)] 1 year
4 [3 (independent directors)]
KPMG AZSA LLC
Note: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC’s term of office as the Company’s accounting auditor expired with the conclusion of the annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on March 30, 2021. At the same meeting, KPMG AZSA LLC was elected as the new accounting auditor.
• Three outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Effectiveness of Board of Directors evaluated
• System for granting stock options conditional on progress with
the medium-term management plan introduced
• Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
• Corporate Governance Committee established
• Started to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
based on questionnaires completed by all directors and Audit &
Supervisory Board members
• Started to hold reporting meetings for outside directors and
outside Audit & Supervisory Board members to improve their understanding of the group’s management and business
• Two female directors
• Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
• Third Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Restricted stock-based compensation plan introduced
• Four outside directors; three female directors
• Otsuka Group Global Policy for Conflict of Interest establishedForm of organizationDirectors [Outside directors]Term of directorsAudit & Supervisory Board
members [Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members]Accounting auditor20082010201120132014201520162017201820192020Board of Directors:
Ratio of independent outside directors
30.8%
(4 out of 13 directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board: Ratio of independent outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
75%
(3 out of 4 directors)
Corporate Governance Committee: Ratio of independent outside directors
66.7%
(4 out of 6 directors)
   52 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
   For more details about our governance-related initiatives, visit: https://www.otsuka.com/en/csr/governance/
 Shareholders’ Meeting
 Elects/Dismisses
Appoints/Dismisses
Reports
Meetings of the Group’s boards of corporate auditors
Elects/Dismisses
Elects/Dismisses
(Cooperates with)
 Consults
Recommends
Approval of material matters/ Management guidance
Instructs
Operational audits Accounting audits
(Cooperates with) Accounting audits
(Cooperates with)
   Corporate Governance Committee
Board of Directors
(13 directors; 4 of whom are outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board
(4 Audit & Supervisory Board members; 3 of whom are outside members)
    President and Representative Director, CEO
  Accounting Auditor
   Internal Audit Department
   Prior consultation/ Ex post facto reportsSubsidiaries (Shareholders’ Meeting, Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, etc.)
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors convenes regularly once a month and holds extraordinary meetings as necessary to make important business decisions and supervise the execution of operations.To clarify executive responsibility for each fiscal year, the term of directors is set at one year.
Corporate Governance Committee
In February 2017, the Company established the Corporate Governance Committee with the aim of increasing transparency and objectivity in management. As an advisory body to the Board of Directors, the committee discusses matters relating to corporate governance, including the nomination of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and the remuneration system and remuneration standards for directors, and reports the results of its deliberations to the Board of Directors. The committee consists of the president, the director in charge of administration, and all outside directors (four as of March 30, 2021). The president serves as the chair of the committee.
Content of Deliberations
(1) Nomination
The Corporate Governance Committee discusses the validity and fairness of matters related to the appointment and dismissal of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and reports to the Board of Directors. Regarding candidates for Audit & Supervisory Board members, the committee obtains approval from the Audit & Supervisory Board prior to reporting to the Board of Directors.
Candidates are those put forward by the representative director(s).
(2) Remuneration
The Corporate Governance Committee discusses matters related to the remuneration system and remuneration standards for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and reports to the Board of Directors.
(3) In addition, the Committee deliberates on matters related to the enhancement of the corporate governance structure, and reports to the Board of Directors as necessary.
Audit & Supervisory Board and Its Members
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend and express opinions at meetings of the Board of Directors, and monitor the performance of duties of directors in terms of legal compliance and soundness of management through audits. In striving to improve the effectiveness of audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members also share information and exchange opinions as appropriate with relevant departments, including the Internal Audit Department, Internal Control Department, Administration Department, and Finance and Accounting Department, as well as the accounting auditor.
Internal Audit Department
The Company’s Internal Audit Department reports directly to the president. The department regularly conducts audits based on the Internal Audit Rules to verify that operations are being executed appropriately and efficiently with regard to the assets and business of the Company and its affiliated companies. The department submits audit reports to the president, directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Where there is need for improvement, the department recommends remedial actions and later confirms their implementation, thereby contributing to the optimization of business execution. The department also shares information and cooperates in audits by Audit & Supervisory Board members and the accounting auditor.
Internal Control Department
The Company views internal controls as an integral component of corporate governance that functions together with compliance and risk management, and has established the Internal Control Department as the department in charge of compliance and risk management to improve the internal control system.
The Internal Control Department promotes the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics and other Otsuka group global rules at Otsuka Holdings and its affiliated companies. It also works to establish and promote compliance programs and risk management programs at each company. The status of the establishment and operation of those programs is regularly reported to the Board of Directors, the Audit & Supervisory Board and the accounting auditor.
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 53