Corporate Governance
Basic Approach
Sodick’s business philosophy is to contribute to the development of society by supplying outstanding products and supporting our customers’ manufacturing operations, based on our guiding spirit of “Create,” “Implement,” and “Overcome Difficulties.”
We believe that the most important element in this is to conduct business in a consistently transparent and readily comprehensible
Corporate Governance Structure and Features
Sodick believes that an audit system incorporating External Audit & Supervisory Board Members is an effective form of management supervision and serves to enhance the efficacy of corporate governance. Sodick therefore adopts the “Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board” system. The Board of Directors includes four internal directors with extensive knowledge of the fast-changing industry and Sodick internal affairs, who also serve as executive officers, as well as six non-executive directors (two representative directors, four external directors). This system ensures that the executive directors supervise the execution of business in an effective manner while providing wide-ranging advice.
manner, for all of our stakeholders including our shareholders and investors, customers, and employees.
Sodick strives to make efficient use of its management resources, strengthen risk management and compliance, and maximize corporate value for all of our shareholders and investors.
Sodick has adopted an executive officer system to realize corporate management that is both responsive and highly efficient. The Board of Directors entrusts the execution of business to executive officers based on the management organization and segregation of duties.
To supplement the functions of the Board of Directors, Sodick has established Advisory Committees on Personnel and Compensation whose members may include External Directors on an optional basis. This has increased the transparency of decision-making and ensures that directors’ remuneration
is appropriate.
Diagram of Sodick Corporate Governance Structure (as of end-March 2020) Shareholder’s Meeting
      Findings
Approval Appointment/dismissal/oversight
Audit
Selection/dismissal/ oversight
Audit
Coordination
Coordination
Accounting auditors
Coordination Audit
Appointment/dismissal
Appointment/dismissal Appointment/dismissal
    Advisory Committee
on Compensation (includes three External Directors)  Board of Directors
(includes four External Directors)
Report/submit for discussion
Audit & Supervisory Board
(includes three External Audit & Supervisory Board Members/supervisors)  Report
Report
Report
Direct/command
Direct/command
Directives Report
Internal Audit Office
Audit  Managing directors and executive officers
President and Representative DirectorDepartments and subsidiaries
   Strengthening Management Supervisory Functions
Board of Directors
– Performs a supervisory function over decision-making on important issues and management in general as stipulated in the Board of Directors Regulations, including setting basic policy on management and appointing executive officers.
– Regular meetings of the Board of Directors take place once per month, and when necessary the Board also convenes extraordinary meetings.
–The Board is comprised of 10 directors who supervise management and make important management decisions. They include three internal directors who are not serving as executive officers, three directors who are also serving as executive officers, and four external directors.
–The provision of opinions, advice, and cross-checking by external directors serves to improve and revitalize the transparency and credibility of the Board of Directors while also strengthening its management supervision functions.
– Business meetings, joint technical meetings, quality control meetings, and business report meetings may be held to broaden and deepen understanding of the company and manage it effectively. Directors attend these meetings in order to ensure that decisions on basic and important items related to the execution of business are taken flexibly.
Audit & Supervisory Board
–The Audit & Supervisory Board is comprised of five Audit & Supervisory Board Members, three of whom are
external auditors.
–The function of the Audit & Supervisory Board is to supervise management from an external perspective. It determines policies on auditing and the assignment of duties, and receives reports on the implementation and results of audit from the auditors. In addition, it receives reports from directors and
accounting auditors on the state of execution of their duties, and requests explanations thereof as necessary.
Advisory Committee on Personnel
This committee formulates appointment criteria and policies regarding personnel matters involving directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and executive officers; selects candidates for those positions, and determines the standards for dismissal.
The Advisory Committee on Personnel is comprised of five directors, three of whom are external directors.
President Furukawa (Chair)* Chairman Kaneko
External Director Furuta External Director Inasaki External Director Kudo
Advisory Committee on Compensation
This committee formulates policy on compensation for directors and executive officers, and deliberates over compensation standards, appraisals, and the monetary amounts of compensation.
The Advisory Committee on Compensation is comprised of five directors, three of whom are external directors.
President Furukawa (Chair)* Chairman Kaneko
External Director Furuta External Director Inasaki External Director Kudo
* President Furukawa is the Chair of both the Advisory Committee on Personnel and the Advisory Committee on Compensation, but objectivity and fairness are ensured by the fact that the majority of directors are external directors.
  Four of Sodick’s 10 directors are external directors. They apply their objective perspectives and wealth of knowledge and experience to management, thereby strengthening the corporate governance structure. Furthermore, three of the five Audit & Supervisory Board Members are external auditors, increasing the objectiveness and fairness of management supervision.
Prior to meetings of the Board of Directors, the external
History of Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
directors and external auditors issue written reports to the Board incorporating any necessary information and items to be determined or investigated by the Board. The external Audit & Supervisory Board Members also convene regular monthly meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board, which are attended by all auditors, where they exchange a wide range of information
and opinions.
  Members
  2012
–Introduction of executive officer system2014
–Election of one external director2015
–Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
– Addition of one external director (total of 2 persons)
– Establishment of Advisory Committees on Personnel and Compensation2016
– Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors carried out – Addition of one external director (total of 3 persons)2018
– Compliance with the revised Corporate Governance Code – Addition of one external director (total of 4 persons)2019
–Election of a female director2020
– Reviewed number of members in Advisory Committee on Personnel and Advisory Committee on Compensation (two internal directors and three external directors)
     Members
     39 Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 40
Advisory Committee
on Personnel (includes three External Directors)
Corporate Governance
   Composition of Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board
Sodick believes that in order for the Board of Directors to perform its role and duties effectively, it needs to comprise members with sufficient knowledge and experience of business management in their respective fields, whether they come from inside or external the company. We select candidate directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members based on the type of knowledge and experience we consider to be important from a corporate management perspective.
Based on this approach, the directors and auditors we have appointed as of end-March 2020 are as shown in the table.
Overview of Directors (as of end-March 2020)
Yuji Kaneko
Kenichi Furukawa
Keisuke Takagi
Hideki Tsukamoto
Hirofumi Maejima
Ching-Hwa Huang
Katsuhisa Furuta
Ichiro Inasaki
Kazunao Kudo
Kenzo Nonami
Akio Hosaka
Yuichi Watanuki
Masahiro Shimojo
Takashi Nagashima
Tomio Okuyama
Note: Details of the criteria for the independence of external officers are listed our website. https://www.sodick.co.jp/en/ir/governance.html
*The above table does not encompass all of the expertise possessed by the directors.
 Director Status & Committees
Chairman and Representative Director
President and Representative Director
Vice President and Representative Director
Sales Managing Division
Senior Executive Managing Director Machine Tools Division and Production Management Division
Executive Managing Director Corporate Division
Director
Sales Managing Division / South China Area
Director
Director
Director
Director
▲Advisory Committee on Personnel ★Advisory Committee on Compensation
▲Advisory Committee on Personnel ★Advisory Committee on Compensation
■External
◆Independent
▲Advisory Committee on Personnel ★Advisory Committee on Compensation
■External
◆Independent
▲Advisory Committee on Personnel ★Advisory Committee on Compensation
■External
◆Independent
▲Advisory Committee on Personnel ★Advisory Committee on Compensation
■External ◆Independent
Attendance
(fiscal year ended Dec. 2019)
Board of Audit & Supervisory Directors meetings Board meetings
13/13 times
13/13 times
13/13 times
13/13 times
13/13 times
10/10 times
(Note 1)
13/13 times
12/13 times
12/13 times
(Note 2)
Fields that are particularly expected of directors/auditors*
Law and Risk Management Finance and Accounting Corporate Management Manufacturing/ Global Marketing/Sales Technology/R&D
                   External Directors 4
 External Audit & Supervisory Board Members
3
2
External 78
Internal Directors 6
Internal
  Internal Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Corporate Governance Structure (as of end-March 2020)
Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board
10 Directors*1
(of which 4 are external directors) Chair of Board of Directors: President
5 Audit & Supervisory Board Members*2 (of which 3 are external auditors)
2 years
Yes
Advisory Committee on Personnel Advisory Committee on Compensation
Grant Thornton Taiyo LLC
https://www.sodick.co.jp/en/ir/ governance.html
(only available in Japanese)
*1 The Articles of Incorporation state that the number of directors shall be not more than 15.
*2 The Articles of Incorporation state that the number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members shall be not
more than 5.
*3 For information about compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, please refer to our website.
Note 1: Director Ching-Hwa Huang and External Audit & Supervisory Board Member Masahiro Shimojo were elected at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 28, 2019, and 10 Board meetings / Audit & Supervisory Board meetings have been held since they assumed their posts.
Note 2: External Director Kenzo Nonami was elected at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 27, 2020; no activity applicable in the fiscal year ended December 2019.
  Organizational Plan
Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Term of Appointment for Directors per the Articles of Incorporation
Company with Executive Officer System
Optional Advisory Committees of Board of Directors
Accounting Auditors
Corporate Governance Report*3
  Audit & Supervisory Board Member
 Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
■External ◆Independent
■External ◆Independent
■External
13/13 times
13/13 times
10/10 times
(Note 1)
13/13 times
13/13 times
13/13 times
13/13 times
10/10 times
(Note 1)
13/13 times
13/13 times
                41 Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 42

Corporate Governance
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Officer Compensation
Basic Policy on Officer Compensation
– Compensation for officers is based on a compensation system that reflects job position and results while ensuring linkage to company performance, taking into consideration the management issues of sustainable growth and medium- to long-term corporate value enhancement.
– Compensation for external directors and auditors is based on a compensation system that is not affected by company performance, thereby ensuring independence from management.
Structure of Officer Compensation
Compensation for directors comprises basic compensation and performance-related compensation.
– Basic compensation is made up of role-related compensation,
management/operations compensation and a sum based on
personal contribution to performance. –Performance-related compensation comprises the following
elements: as an incentive for contribution to short-term performance, an amount of monetary compensation calculated by multiplying basic compensation by a performance evaluation coefficient configured according to profit attributable to owners of the parent; and as an incentive for contribution to medium- to long-term corporate value enhancement, a monetary compensation receivable is provided according to the director’s role (excluding external directors), and stock compensation with restriction on transfer is supplied by way of an allocation of treasury shares according to the amount of this receivable.
Method of Determining Officer Compensation
The amount of compensation for each director is deliberated and decided at an Advisory Committee on Compensation, made up of three external directors and two internal directors appointed by the Board of Directors. The Advisory Committee on Compensation develops the compensation system for directors and considers revisions, and deliberates on the evaluation results
    Every fiscal year, all directors perform a self-evaluation regarding the extent to which they have fulfilled their professional duties. This is carried out to verify that Sodick’s Board of Directors is performing its professional duties in accordance with our guidelines, in order to
Method of Analysis and Evaluation
Self-Evaluation
A self-evaluation questionnaire is completed by all directors
Compilation & Evaluation
Effectiveness of Board of Directors is analyzed and deliberated at Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
Discussion on Enhancing Effectiveness
The criteria for agenda items are reviewed to further improve deliberations and enhance Board’s supervisory functions
boost the effectiveness of corporate governance.
The Audit & Supervisory Board Members analyze and evaluate
the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors based on each director’s self-evaluation, and disclose the result.
and the suitability of the amount of basic compensation / performance-related compensation of each director.
Policy for Determining Supply Ratio
Performance-related compensation of directors is supplied to each individual according to their respective results and performance, on the basis of the expected results for each job position and applicable duties. Therefore, the higher the position and the more important the contribution to performance of the applicable duties, the higher the allocation of performance-related compensation. A high level of results and performance is expected.
–Short-term performance-related compensation is calculated by applying a pre-determined performance-related coefficient to basic compensation, if the profit attributable to owners of parent within the consolidated income plans drawn up each year exceeds a certain amount.
Compensation for external directors and auditors is supplied only as role-related compensation from within basic compensation, which is not affected by company performance.
– Medium- to long-term performance-related compensation is determined by proportional distribution in line with the basic amount for each director’s position and duties (excluding external directors), after determining the total sum of the monetary compensation receivable provided as shares based on 3-year average performance.
Compensation for external directors is a fixed amount, and no performance-related compensation is provided.
KPIs (Key Performance Indicators)
The following KPIs are used to calculate performance-related compensation: for short-term performance-related compensation, profit attributable to owners of the parent; and for medium- to long-term performance-related compensation, 3-year average EBITDA.
 Main Content of Questionnaire
Role and duties of Board of Directors Composition of Board of Directors Supervision by Board of Directors Support structure for Board directors Matters concerning external directors
Fiscal Year ended Dec. 2019 Evaluation Results
The evaluation found that the Board of Directors was functioning properly in regard to its overall effectiveness, including the status of operation, status of deliberation, and management and supervisory functions.
Fiscal Year ending Dec. 2020 Management Policy
To further improve deliberations and enhance the Board’s supervisory functions, we will review the way it operates, including the criteria for agenda items.
●Shortening business reports
●Enhancing discussions concerning risk assessment ●Enhancing discussions concerning capital cost
●Enhancing training content, including ensuring external officers have an awareness of legislation ●Earlier provision of materials to external officers
●Increasing frequency of opinion exchange between external directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board
       Overall effectiveness
 External officer
●Sharing of dialogue with investors ●Review of criteria for agenda items
●Giving a prior presentation of agenda items to external directors and external auditors
Issues for year ending December 2020
     Officer category
Total compensation
248
31
47
327
Fixed compensation (millions of yen)
31
47
292
33
ー
ー
33
Medium- to long-term performance-related compensation (millions of yen)
ー
ー
1
1
No. of
eligible officers
 Basic compensation
213
Short-term performance-related compensation
Medium- to long-term performance-related compensation (stock compensation with transfer restriction)
 Training for the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board
Details for Officer Compensation (FiscalYear ended December 2019)
Director
(excluding External Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (excluding External Auditors)
External Officer       Total
   Sodick implements the following in order to ensure that its directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members are able to perform their functions and roles appropriately.
(1) Newly appointed directors and auditors take part in training provided by the Japan Audit & Supervisory Board Members Association.
(2) Independent external directors and independent external auditors are kept informed about Sodick’s business activities and visit key business sites, etc., and are also updated on our business strategies where appropriate.
(3) Other directors, auditors, and executive officers also acquire the knowledge needed to enhance corporate value, and learn
about the approaches taken to this, through methods such as
e-learning provided by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Opportunities are provided for executive officers and others to
participate in management, such as through business report meetings, in order to cultivate successor personnel. In addition, we implement initiatives aimed at developing human resources at the executive management level, including training for executive managers covering areas such as drawing up long-term business strategies. However, as there is scope for further discussion concerning successor planning and training, the training system and the content of this, the Board of Directors will continue to hold discussions on this area.
8 2 8
18
          43 Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 44
Results for year ended December 2019

Corporate Governance
Internal Governance
Based on the Companies Act, Sodick enacted its Basic Policy on Internal Governance Systems at the Board of Directors meeting on May 17, 2006, in order to ensure propriety in our operations. It was subsequently revised at the Board of Directors meeting on
Communication with Shareholders and Investors
  Items in Sodick’s “Basic Policy on Establishment of Systems to Ensure Propriety in Operations” Sodick’s basic philosophy and management philosophy are the mainstay of corporate operations.
–A system to ensure that the performance of professional duties by directors and employees is in compliance with legislation and the Articles of Incorporation
–A system concerning the retention and management of information associated with the performance of professional duties by directors
–Regulations and other systems related to crisis management of losses
–A system to ensure efficient performance of professional duties by directors
–A structure to ensure propriety in operations within the Sodick Group
–Matters concerning employees for assisting the professional duties of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
–A system of reporting to Sodick’s Audit & Supervisory Board Members and a system to ensure that persons who have made a report are not disadvantaged due to making such report
–A policy on the processing of any costs or liabilities that arise in the performance of professional duties by Audit & Supervisory Board Members
–A system to ensure efficient implementation of audits by Audit & Supervisory Board Members –Basic Approach to Elimination of Anti-Social Forces and Implementation Status
General Meeting of Shareholders
Financial Results Briefing
for analysts and institutional investors
No. of
IR meetings
FY2019
125
Overseas IR
HK, SGP 2countries
April 17, 2015. This internal governance system strives to build more optimal and efficient structures through continuous reassessment and improvement.
Sodick regards all of its shareholders and investors as important stakeholders, and places importance on constructive dialogue to improve corporate value. Our Investor Relations Department handles this dialogue with shareholders. When shareholders make individual requests, we consider having directors or other personnel respond to them within reasonable limits, taking into
consideration factors such as the purpose of the meeting and the importance of the topic. The opinions we receive from our shareholders and investors are reported to the Board of Directors and Business Report Committee as necessary, and are utilized for the future management of the Company.
     No. of attendees
Ratio of exercise of voting rights
IR Initiatives
Shareholders and investors
For analysts and institutional investors
For our individual investors
52 75.5
No. of times held
Once each year
  %
No. of attendees
79
Note: The results presentation for the year ended December 2019 was canceled in light of the spread of COVID-19.
     Compliance
Sodick evaluates the effectiveness of its internal governance systems through its Internal Audit Office. The results of these evaluations are reported to the Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members. The Company has also established a Compliance Helpline (whistleblower system), the purpose of which is to quickly discover and rectify compliance violations or potential instances thereof.
Sodick has established compliance regulations as well as the
Risk Management Structure
Sodick has established basic rules for risk management. The Company works to determine, analyze, evaluate, and take appropriate measures to avoid the risks present in each department. To prepare for the occurrence or potential occurrence of unforeseen situations that would have a major impact on management, the Company has also established a
Sodick Group Action Guidelines for Corporate Ethics and Standards for Corporate Behavior (Compliance Guidelines). These form a code of conduct, the purpose of which is to encourage group officers and employees to act in ways that conform to laws, the Articles of Incorporation, and social codes. To ensure that they are thoroughly adhered to, the Company provides training and education on them to its officers and employees.
Risk Management Committee and set up the necessary preemptive response policies.
The Risk Management Committee engages with monitoring and overseeing the company-wide risk management situation, and reports the results of risk assessment to the Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
- The Company makes every effort to provide information swiftly to all of our shareholders and investors, based on the principles of transparency, fairness, and continuity, and promotes IR activities conducive to further enhancing corporate value. The Investor Relations Department is responsible for dialogue with our shareholders and investors. To respond to queries from shareholders in a rational and effective manner, it coordinates with the relevant departments, including Accounting and Financial Affairs, Legal Affairs, and Compliance for the promotion of IR activities.
- Regarding the measures we take in relation to controls over insider information, Sodick has formulated a Disclosure Policy that is published on our website.
 https://www.sodick.co.jp/ir/disclosure.html (only available in Japanese)
- Financial results briefings for analysts and institutional investors are held twice each year to provide an
opportunity for dialogue separate from the individual meetings.
- Sodick issues an integrated report and carries out other activities in order to promote a constructive dialogue.
- A business report is issued twice each year. This is primarily for individual shareholders and features topics related to Sodick’s business results and operations.
- For our individual investors, a dedicated page has been created at the Company’s website. Information is published here about Sodick’s business activities, performance, management policy, etc.
- The annual shareholders’ meeting is a valuable and important opportunity for dialogue with our shareholders, and efforts are made to set aside adequate question-and-answer time and to conduct tours of our showrooms after the meeting.
      Sodick’s IR site wins awards
Our IR website was awarded the best website in the “FY2019 All Japanese Listed Companies’ Website Ranking” carried out by Nikko Investor Relations Co., Ltd. Sodick was also awarded Silver prize in the “Gomez IR Site Ranking 2019,” an objective evaluation and comparison of IR websites carried out by Morningstar Japan K.K.
We will continue working to deepen understanding of Sodick among our shareholders and investors by further enhancing the corporate information we provide, including via our IR information site.
     45 Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 46