ESG Initiatives
Environmental Initiatives
The Hokuriku region, where Sodick has a production base, is a place where traditional culture exists in symbiosis with beautiful natural surroundings. In our work of developing and manufacturing a large number of products in this well-favored region, we have come to realize that treating the natural environment with care is a practice that in itself leads to richness in the lives of the people.
CO2 Reduction Initiatives to Tackle Climate Change
 Sodick’s Policies and Structures
Sodick has established systems for promoting quality, the environment and safety, from the perspective of Total Quality Management (TQM), in order to realize a sustainable society through manufacturing. As part of this process, we have formulated a “QVP+ Companywide Policy,” and have rolled out QVP+ activities* to our bases in Japan and overseas in order to reform and improve operations. At a global presentation event led by top management, our Group companies and departments review the previous fiscal year’s activities in the light of their respective priority issues, reflect on these, and set targets for the new fiscal year. This leads to continuous improvements that take medium- and long-term targets into account.
All of Sodick’s bases in Japan have obtained the international ISO 14001:2015 standard for environmental management systems. They operate while conducting ongoing reviews and improvements and confirming the effectiveness of systems.
Promoting Green Procurement
In May 2000, the Japanese government enacted the Act on Promoting Green Purchasing. This law was established to actively promote green procurement based on the perspective that demand-side initiatives were of equal importance to supply-side initiatives when it comes to forming a recycling-oriented society. It encourages procurement with a priority on goods that have a small environmental impact while still bearing in mind the unique features of a given business, the strength and durability required, the preservation of functionality, and cost considerations.
Our Green Procurement Standards took effect in November 2017, and prescribe selection criteria for suppliers and the items procured. These criteria also clarified the activities and surveys needed in order to fulfill our Green Procurement Standards. Additionally, we carried out a survey on our suppliers covering locations within Japan and overseas. We have also established a structure that is capable of handling situations such as earthquakes and data falsification by manufacturers.
In conjunction with this, Sodick is creating its own
Structure for Promoting Quality, the Environment & Safety
Amid rising global concern surrounding social issues centered on the climate and energy, the Paris Agreement, in which countries came together to mitigate global warming, and the SDGs set out by the UN, are drawing growing attention. In Japan, compliance with the energy conservation law will be required by 2030, and Sodick is setting its sights on the use of natural energy. Solar power systems have been installed on rooftops at our Head Office and at the Miyazaki Office of Sodick F.T.
In our offices, initiatives are being promoted to reduce CO2, including effective use of the “Cool Biz” energy-saving campaign (cooler business attire to cut down on air conditioning usage) and teleconference systems. The introduction of teleconference systems at our domestic offices and overseas subsidiaries reduces travel for meetings and business discussions, thereby helping to reduce energy consumption.
    CO2 Emissions at Sodick Business Sites in JapanBusiness offices
Quality
CO2 emissions (t)
FY2015
7,227
FY2016
8,543
FY2017
6,583
FY2017
2,650
FY2018
8,831
FY2018
3,529
FY2019
10,164
FY2019
4,116 Environment
Safety
The details of Sodick’s policy on quality, the environment and safety are available on our website.
*QVP+ activities: “QVP” stands for “Quality Victory Plan.” This annual event serves as an opportunity for each department to explore ways to make improvements in the areas of quality, the environment, and safety, in keeping with the policies and targets for each fiscal year.
ERP-linked harmful chemical substances control system (SHCSCS). This enables the Company to systematically identify and control whether our products contain harmful chemical substances. The Procurement and Logistics Division, General Affairs Department, and Quality Assurance Department will be working hand-in-hand to thoroughly investigate whether any materials that we newly purchase in the future contain harmful substances.
Activities and Surveys Needed in Order to Fulfill Our Green Standards
Crude Oil Equivalent at Sodick Business Sites in JapanCrude oil equivalent (kl)
FY2015
2,969
FY2016
3,440
   Thailand plant wins an award in the Thailand Energy Awards 2019
The engineers at Sodick Group’s Thailand plant—our biggest production base—formed an Energy Saving Committee in 2016, and have endeavored to reduce the energy usage of the entire plant. As a result, and in recognition of a reduction in energy usage for three years running, the plant received an award in the Energy Management Team for Designated Factory category of the Thailand Energy Awards 2019, a scheme organized by Thailand’s Ministry of Energy to recognize environmental management and energy-saving activities in the country.
At the awards ceremony held at the Bangkok International Trade & Exhibition Centre (BITEC), Mr. Asano, vice-president of the Thailand plant, received the trophy from Thailand’s Deputy Prime Minister Somkid.
We will continue working to further cut power consumption in order to realize sustainable production activities.
Mr. Asano, vice-president of the Thailand plant, on stage at the awards ceremony (far right)
 49 Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 50
Representative Director
 Quality Assurance Department
 QVP+ Global Presentation Event
  Headquarters and centers
Overseas plants
 –Distributing copies of the Green Procurement Standards
–Distributing lists of hazardous chemicals
–Distributing and collecting survey sheets (survey request response forms for chemicals that impact the environment (certificates attesting that such chemicals are not used))
–Distributing and collecting evaluation sheets related to environmental conservation
–Distributing and collecting certificates attesting that designated chemical substances are not contained in products
–Distributing and collecting utilization reports concerning regulations on disclosing conflict minerals
–Distributing tables of exemptions to the RoHS2 directives –Collecting Safety Data Sheets (SDS)

Sodick is actively engaged in the development of products and technologies that contribute to high efficiency, lower consumption of energy and resources, and waste reduction.
By supplying environmentally sound products and technologies, we are helping to reduce the global environmental footprint and protect the global environment.

Tsubame Wire Plus
The world’s first electrode wire, adapted to used-wire recycling systems, developed and manufactured in-house. Built using high-quality and high-precision production processes to offer superior straightness and an extremely smooth surface quality. It fully elicits machining performance that is highly reliable.
Eco-Ion R
An ion exchange resin system included with wire-cut EDMs (water specification), with an extended operating life making it well suited to long-duration machining. Its 18-L capacity is approximately twice that of conventional types. The “canister” itself is replaceable, so there is no need to perform the work of refilling the resin. This makes for an environmentally-friendly product.

Granule Powder Cooling System
Quickly and evenly cools granular raw materials including wheat flour, buckwheat flour and rice flour. Improves the dough quality and shortens cooling time in fields including noodle-making, bread and confectionery production, and also significantly cuts power consumption for cooling.

Biodegradable Plastic Molding Technology Initiatives
Research and development of plastics that biodegrade in natural conditions such as soil and water is currently drawing attention. Biodegradable plastic is a type of plastic that eventually breaks down completely into a natural by-product (such as carbon dioxide and water) through the action of microorganisms that exist in the natural world. This helps to resolve the problem of microplastics, which remain when plastic waste does not break down naturally, and by becoming progressively smaller are difficult to recover.
Sodick’s injection molding machines employ the V-LINE® System, a unique mechanism that separates the processes of plasticization and injection. This system demonstrates outstanding performance in terms of the stability of the melted state and heat stability during injection, contributing to stable manufacturing of products made from biodegradable plastics.
