Since our founding, Sodick has expanded its operations under the motto of “Create,” “Implement,” and “Overcome Difficulties.” The very mettle and ability to take action possessed by each and every one of our employees provides the backbone for this endeavor. All of our employees – not just our technical staff, but also our sales and management personnel – maintain a high level of motivation at their respective stages in the process, and are actively engaged in their work as specialists.
The diversity of our workforce, with employees offering different perspectives and values, is conducive to further globalizing our business. Based on this thinking, Sodick is promoting efforts to employ a wide-ranging workforce that includes foreign nationals, the disabled, and senior citizens. Furthermore, we are also working hard to create an environment in which women can continue to flourish in the workplace after they marry and have children.

Encouraging Women in the Workforce
Sodick is striving to create an environment that allows our employees to balance work with child-rearing. We want to ensure that they can take maternity or parental leave and then return to their previous departments and positions. As a result of our initiatives, women are actively taking maternity and parental leave, with a 100% return-to-work ratio in the past five years. We are also encouraging male employees to take parental leave and they are gradually becoming more aware of this opportunity.
Sodick has drawn up an action plan to enable female employees to shine in a variety of fields, and the percentage of female new hires between 2015 and 2019 was 26.5%. We will continue working hard to promote women in the workforce, while supporting all our employees in achieving their own work-life balance.
Hiring Disabled Workers
Sodick itself is also making efforts to actively hire disabled persons and create an environment that broadly promotes such hiring goals in order to provide them with stability. In fiscal 2019, the percentage of disabled employees was 2.5%. In addition, we have invested in KIBI NC training center Corp., an enterprise that uses the latest machine tools to conduct skills-development training for the physically disabled with the goal of helping them to become socially independent.

Making the Most of Global Human Resources
Sodick was quick to adopt a global perspective in developing its business. Around 70% of our employees are currently working overseas, and the Company has also actively sought out non-Japanese hires.
Having foreign national employees will be absolutely indispensable for our efforts to further globalize our business in the future. Understanding their perspectives and thinking is extremely important when it comes to understanding the unique characteristics of each part of the world. This is also conducive to promoting the strategies pursued at our overseas sites and in developing and strengthening our marketing networks. We are also striving to hire locally for executive positions at our overseas sites as part of our overall goal of making optimal use of global human resources. Women are also serving as presidents at some of these overseas locations.

Starting on April 1, 2018, Sodick uniformly set the retirement age as the first March 31st after the employee’s 65th birthday, and also introduced our Senior Program which allows workers to select a diverse array of work styles at the age of sixty. From the first March 31st after they turn sixty, we limit factors in response to employees’ changing circumstances, such as their working hours, number of work days, work duties, and work locations. This establishes an environment in which they can work with peace of mind. We are striving to revitalize our organization through the realization of dual-track career paths, by giving broad consideration to extending the retirement age, career planning for each individual employee, and the Company’s HR strategy.

ESG Initiatives
Creating a Comfortable Workplace Environment
The organization of the workplace environment is closely correlated with enhancing our employees’ approach to their work. At Sodick, we are working to achieve a workplace environment where all employees can stay highly motivated and work with peace of mind. Maintaining a favorable workplace environment serves to keep new hire retention rates high and establish a foundation that facilitates the nurturing of outstanding human resources.
Maintaining and Improving the Office Environment
Since 2018, we have renovated our office environment, including refurbishing the office, dining hall and cafeteria on the third floor of Head Office, and completing a second Head Office building and the Kaga multi-factory. The provision of a new office environment has increased our employees’ motivation.
Comprehensive Benefits Packages
Sodick strives to offer comprehensive benefits packages and relevant facilities so that our employees can attend to their duties without worrying about their daily lives or health.
As part of this, the Company offers financial incentives amounting to 20% of its employee stock ownership plan, provides regular health examinations, and offers financial assistance for cancer examinations using positron emission tomography (PET), a treatment technique that has been
Initiatives for Social and Cultural Activities
Supporting the Preservation of
Katanokamoike Wetland
As part of our regional contribution activities, Sodick made a donation to the “Machi, Hito, Shigoto” (town, people, work) regional revitalization program run by Kaga city in Ishikawa Prefecture, supporting grass-cutting and bamboo fence maintenance in Katanokamoike. Although only a small lake of around 10 hectares (100,000 m2), Katanokamoike is renowned for its abundant nature and coexistence with people, and in 1993 it was registered under the Ramsar Convention as an internationally important wetland. Through such initiatives, we will continue working to ensure that our business activities are rooted in the local community.
Katanokamoike
much talked about recently, among other benefits. Also, in terms of facilities for employees to refresh themselves, Sodick has resort houses in Yatsugatake and Miyazaki, and has concluded corporate contracts that allow for preferential treatment at designated theme parks and similar facilities.
Promoting Club Activities
At the Sodick Group, club activities including tennis, marathon running, cycling, futsal, badminton, and golf are very popular. They serve to promote employees’ wellbeing, encourage interaction with employees from other departments, and promote sports in the local area. In September 2019, the Sumo club based in Kaga city in Ishikawa Prefecture won first prize in the second group section of the “61st All-Japan Corporate Sumo Tournament” held at the Sumo Hall of the Saitama Kenritsu Budokan.
 Promoting Health Management
Our employees are at the very heart of the Company, and ensuring that they stay healthy in mind and body, and can work in an energetic manner, is crucial when it comes to the Company’s growth. Creating a management structure and providing safety and sanitation training that conform to the Industrial Safety and Health Act protects our employees from dangers and health impairments in the course of their work, and also prevents occupational injuries.
With this in mind, Sodick has introduced the Employee Assistance Program. We have established contact points not only within the Company, but also outside the Company including with medical specialists and lawyers, in order for employees to receive consultations about their mental and physical health, harassment, and other topics.
Through this, we have established a structure where people can receive care before things get out of hand as we focus on setting in place a work environment where employees can work with peace of mind. We have also set up similar contact points for overseas representatives and their families, and make every effort to ensure that they can adapt comfortably to life overseas. We are focusing our efforts on initiatives not only for the physical wellbeing of our employees, but also for their mental wellbeing, and are working to create follow-through structures to prevent mental and physical disorders from arising.
Sodick has also adopted a Compliance Helpline (whistleblowing system) with the objective of preventing and rapidly responding to wrongdoing or unethical behavior perpetrated by employees or corporate officers.
Sodick’s Initiatives
Promotion of Reduced Working Hours Scheme
Sodick has adopted a reduced working hours scheme to enable employees to undertake childcare or nursing care. This allows employees to alter their working hours as needed. In recent years, a number of employees have
taken advantage of this scheme, and we continue to make it available.
Educational Activities on Safe Driving
Sodick aims to achieve zero road accidents among our sales and service personnel. All Company-owned vehicles are equipped with driving recorders so that the causes of accidents can be ascertained and used to prevent future accidents. We also provide educational activities on safe driving, including inviting local police officers to give traffic safety seminars, and each month the number of accidents is notified throughout the Company.
Encouraging Employees toTake Paid Leave / Reducing Overtime Work
Sodick has designated specific days as days on which we encourage employees to use their paid leave, and we actively encourage them to take days off. Doing so creates a virtuous cycle, as they are refreshed from taking a break and thus tackle their work with renewed motivation. Sodick is actively taking steps to reduce overtime work. Once a certain number of hours of overtime is exceeded in a given month, the individual concerned and their manager are alerted by email.
As a result of these initiatives, the average number of days of paid leave taken by employees has increased since the March 2017 fiscal year, and there has been a significant reduction in overtime hours.
Supporting “Kashu Daishoji-han Sankin Kotai Walk 2019”
Sodick aims to deepen social exchanges, fulfill our corporate obligations, and improve our corporate brand name recognition through community activities.
In fiscal 2019, we supported the “Kashu Daishoji-han Sankin Kotai Walk 2019.” This is a project that first arose through high school students’ learning about their hometown of Kaga city in Ishikawa Prefecture. It re-enacts, in relay walk format, the “sankin kotai” (alternate attendance) journey from Nihonbashi, Tokyo to Kaga city, Ishikawa Prefecture taken by the Daishoji clan during the Edo period. Sodick employees took part in this walk, and we will continue to engage wholeheartedly in activities that help to revitalize local areas.
Sodick employees who participated in the event
      –Safety and Sanitation Committee, Safety and Sanitation Rules
Inspection patrols are carried out throughout the Company once a month.
–Training for Managers by Industrial Physicians
Training is provided to management-level employees regarding mental health.
 Change in Number of Users of Each Scheme and Overtime Hours
Average no. of days of paid leave taken
Annual average overtime hours
Number of employees taking parental leave
Number of employees working reduced hours
+4.2 days -82 hours +4 +1
      7.8 days
 334 hours
 6
 7
12 days
252 hours
10
8
 53 Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 54