ESG Special Feature
Nurturing human resources for Sodick’s Next Stage
 Basic Approach
Based on our company motto “Create,” “Implement,” and “Overcome Difficulties,” Sodick is striving to create a workplace environment and corporate culture in which each of our employees can grow together with the company, respect each other’s individuality, and flourish. Amidst dramatic change in the business landscape, Sodick aspires to achieve further growth and improve productivity in our traditional specialist fields in order to realize our long-term management plan “Next Stage 2026 ~Toward Further Growth~.” At the same time, our human resources will play an essential role in fearlessly pioneering future innovation while also adapting flexibly to changes in the business environment. Sodick is strengthening its systems and building the conditions to develop such human resources.
Related SDGs
  Personnel appraisal system to promote organizational and personal growth
We have relaxed our previous policy, which focused on the accumulation of experience, and have now introduced a personnel appraisal system based on how we expect the individual employee to grow together with the organization/company, and their role. This aims for our employees to flourish while playing their part in realizing
sustainable growth for the Company, regardless of age, gender or nationality. All employees with ambition and ability can play a more significant role and put into practice “Create,” “Implement,” and “Overcome Difficulties,” thereby extending their skills.    Creating a comfortable workplace environment
Set organizational targets, clarify the roles expected of employees and follow through so as to achieve targets.
Achievement of organizational targets (organizational management)
Give appropriate treatment through transparent/fair systems,
by correctly conveying the company’s view of activity/contribution/skill development.
Reform of personnel training
Alignment with philosophy/policy/strategy
Fair treatment
Align business philosophy/policy/strategy with organizational and
personal activity.
Organizational and personal development/growth
Review work efforts/strengths/ weaknesses so as to develop skills/ achieve personal growth.
Internally produced training
Training where employees are the lecturers
OJT by coworker/manager
Distance learning, course by external organization, etc.
 Promoting utilization of paid leave, parental and nursing care leave
Sodick supports the creation of a pleasant workplace environment that makes it easier for all employees to take paid leave. We are strengthening collaboration within the organization and promoting work style reform so that anyone can freely take time off work, while at the same time raising the quality of work and services.
In addition, based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children, since 2016 we have encouraged male employees to take parental leave. Parental leave utilization among men has increased steadily, and employee awareness is gradually changing, not just among male personnel but also throughout the workplace.
Utilizing IT
(introduction of telecommuting and RPA)
Sodick is establishing systems that enable each employee to select the optimal work style based on their work duties, irrespective of the work location, in order to realize a proper work-life balance. After a period of consideration, in 2019 we introduced telecommuting on a trial basis to boost employees’ motivation by improving their self-management skills, and its use has steadily grown.
In addition, we are actively using Robotic Process Automation (RPA) as part of streamlining administrative operations in various areas of our business. RPA is a tool for automating simple PC-based tasks across applications, and requires no programming knowledge. In future, we will develop personnel who can create RPA scenarios, and promote RPA for various business tasks to improve operational efficiency.
In order to develop human resources with the qualities and abilities needed to realize further growth for Sodick, we have established a skill development system for the personal growth and career development of each employee.
  Group Training (OFF-JT)
By Level
Workplace Training (OJT)
Self-Development
        Introduction of “Global Career Track” to develop candidates for next generation of executive managers
Officer
Department Manager Section Manager
Leader
Young Staff/General
In 2019, we introduced a “Global Career Track” position for employees with the potential to be the next generation of the Company’s executive managers, once they have experienced different kinds of work and gained a comprehensive understanding of the management environment both in Japan and overseas. The career track includes managerial personnel, who are active as managers and are close to top management, and expert personnel, who possess a high level of expertise
Career hierarchy
Executive management Management
Line and supervisory personnel
and are actively engaged in the company’s medium- to long-term growth. The aim is to offer a career path that aligns with the career ambitions and characteristics of different employees.
We have also established area career track and general clerk career track positions in order to realize a work-life balance that is compatible with our employees’ diverse work styles and career aspirations.
3 types of position and 2 career paths
          ❶ Global Career Track
 Management
Expert
❷ Area Career Track
 Management Expert
Officer training
By Department
     Management training
 Problem solving through action learning
   Leader training
Various operational training, including sales and technology development
Global training (OJT training
at overseas bases)
OJT training
in each department Technology transfer
 Follow-up training
 Training
for new/young employees
    Management Philosophy-Sharing Training
    55 Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
Sodick Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 56