          IBIDEN Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021
Year Ended March 31, 2021
         
                                         Power to overcome many adversities with all our employees and to continue to exist
 Editorial Policy
We have published this report with the aim of deepening the understanding of the Company’s medium- to long-term initiatives toward value creation for all stakeholders including shareholders and investors.
In this report, we have compiled information on the mechanisms for future value creation by comprehensively editing financial and non-financial information with a focus on value creation stories. This report has been issued following deliberation and approval of the Management Council and subsequent reporting to the Board of Directors.
Notices on Forward-Looking Statements
This report includes forward-looking statements and future plans based on information currently available to IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Statements contain potential risks and uncertainties and may differ from actual business results and future operational developments. Therefore, the accuracy of forward-looking statements and statements on future plans are not guaranteed.
  01 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
     
                                       CONTENTS
Introduction
03 Passing Down the Legacy of 110 Years
05 IBIDEN WAY/ Co-Creation of Value with Society
IBIDEN Group’s ESG Management and Contribution to SDGs
07 Changes in Creating Value
09 Main Operations and Core Technology 13 Global Support Structure
Value Creation
15 Value Creation Story
17 Changes in Business Environment and
Medium- to Long-Term Management Strategy
19 Message from the President
25 Financial Strategy
27 Special Feature Environment Strategy Response to Climate Change
29 Growth Strategies for Operations ESG Management
35 Harmony with Nature
37 Human Resource Development 40 Relationship with the Society
41 Supply Chain Management
42 Quality Management
43 Corporate Governance
47 Messages from Outside Directors 49 Senior Management and Directors 53 Risk Management
54 Compliance
Financial and Corporate Data
55 Main Financial and Non-Financial Data
57 Analysis of Our Business Performance and
Financial Condition
59 Consolidated Financial Statements
63 Corporate Information / Stock Information
     Information Disclosure Structure
Period Under Review for Reporting
April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021
Some information outside the applicable period is also included.
Scope of Reporting
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. and its group companies
Some items individually state the scope of reporting.
Guidelines Used as Reference
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry / Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation
IIRC / The International <IR> Framework Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
    Financial Information
Investor Relations
https://www.ibiden. com/ir/
Securities Report
https://www.ibiden. co.jp/ir/library/ securities/
WEB
Non-Financial Information
ESG Information
https://www.ibiden. com/esg/
About IBIDEN
https://www.ibiden. com/company/
WEB
     Integrated Report 2021
  Corporate Governance Report
https://www.ibiden. com/ir/library/ governance/
   IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 02
    
 Introduction
 Passing Down the Legacy of 110 Years
“Create what will be needed by the society in the
 future based on core technologies.” 1912
Since established in 1912 as a hydroelectric power generation company, we have changed our business structure according to changes in the times and overcome many adversities.
We have been aware of cohabitation backed by personnel who worked to achieve high targets as greater power and always appreciated the “blessings of nature.”
Founded as a power
generation company
Established Ibigawa Electric Power Co., Ltd.. Appointed Yujiro Tachikawa as the first president.
1951
 Transformed into a
manufacturing company
Through the postwar recovery, expanded the electric furnace business, which formed the foundation for carbon products.
  Present
2020-2021
 IC Package Substrate for PC·Data Center
Greening business
Diesel Particulate Filter
Net sales
323.461billion yen Operating income
38.634billion yen
Businesses and technology development to help resolve social issues
Antiviral coating materials
        Slope greenification system (GT frame Method®)
 Wall greenification system (Healing Wall)
    03 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
 
   Introduction Value Creation
1974 Overcame oil crisis by creating new businesses
Entered into the electronic circuits business. Established the first printed substrate plant.
Electronics Operation
grew significantly
Started transaction with a largest mobile phone manufacturer.
1995
ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
2000
  Ceramics Operation made a phenomenal growth by offering eco-friendly products (DPF) Silicon carbide diesel particulate filters
were adopted by a major automobile manufacturer.
        No. of employees Diverse human
13,161
Rate of employees taking childcare leave and other
related leave
resources
 Male Female
Higashi-Yokoyama Power Plant
91
Renewable energy generation
100
174,267
%
 %
MWh GHG emissions
Kinuura Plant
Water floating solar power generation plant
586 thousand tons of CO2
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 04
  Figures are for IBIDEN Co., Ltd.. “Childcare leave and other related leave” refers to childcare leave and special leave for childbirth that can be taken for the purpose of rearing a child up to one year of age. Both types of leave apply to both male and female employees.
Use of clean energy
  
 Introduction
     “Power to overcome many adversities with all our employees and to continue to exist”
“Wisdom and vitality that have achieved dramatic growth in recent years”
       Co-Creation of Value with Society
IBIDEN Group’s ESG Management and Contribution to the SDGs
IBIDEN Group’s approach to ESG
IBIDEN Group upholds a “harmonious relationship with the natural environment” and the “realization of the progression of society” as key goals in its Corporate Philosophy. The Group has continued to grow by developing products that can lead to solving social problems with its innovative technologies. Considering that contribution to the progression of society and solving social problems through its business are the essence of its Corporate Philosophy, the Group has engaged in ESG (environment, society, and governance) activities.
 Evolving from CSR to ESG Activities
Based on the Corporate Philosophy and Group Charter of Behavior, the Group has built a foundation for meeting its Corporate Social Responsibility as part of its CSR management. Lately, we have conducted relevant activities as part of our ESG management, being highly rated by external evaluation for our performance of the activities from the perspective of ESG (environment, society and governance). In the future, we will offer solutions to social problems with our technologies to achieve a sustainable society, which the international community jointly aims to realize, through our businesses and operational activities
IBIDEN Group and the SDGs
We believe that to positively contribute to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through its businesses is a mission that IBIDEN should fulfill for society based on the IBIDEN WAY. We will tackle social problems faced by our society, with our innovative technologies evolved from and combined with the core technologies of the Group, through responsible corporate activities in harmony with human life and the global environment, thereby contributing to the achievement of the SDGs.
05 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
   
       MISSION SPIRIT
Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
To The Next Stage
We contribute to the progression of society through innovative technology, with respect for both individuals and the global environment.
 Trust through Integrity
Gaining customer and societal trust through “Genchi Genbutsu.*”
* Genchi Genbutsu: Go and See for yourself to thoroughly understand the situation
Challenge with Passion
Anticipating change,
and acting boldly to create new value.
“Wa” Teamwork and Synergy
Integrating knowledge and wisdom from the employee involvement for greater power.
IBI-TECHNO Innovation
Evolving by overcoming hurdles through creativity and ingenuity.
     “IBI-TECHNO”
The common spirit of all company people, expressing our determination to create new technologies through fusions and composites of our proprietary technologies.
  Key issues and SDGs specifically addressed by the IBIDEN Group
The IBIDEN Group upholds the realization of a sustainable society as a key goal in its Corporate Philosophy. In working toward the goal, we recognize the following challenges as particularly critical from the perspectives of the importance for our company of changes in the business environment and the Group’s mid-term management plan, and the importance for external stakeholders such as the expectations and demands that customers, investors, and markets have concerning the Group. We will devote ourselves to solving these challenges by acting boldly through business operations while capitalizing on our technologies and strengthening our company’s basic activities.
 Contribution through technologies and business activities
Achieve digital innovation
IC Package Substrate of high function and reliability
Innovation of fine wiring technologies
Contribution by enhancing basic activities
Activate human resources and corporate culture
Promotion of diversity (female advancement, etc.)
Realizing both rewarding work for employees and high productivity
Safe and secure working environment
Improve air quality (environmental pollution)
Transition to a decarbonized society (climate change)
Supply of clean energy
Advanced ceramics products Forest conservation
Enhanced disaster prevention, etc.
Diesel particulate filters (DPF) Exhaust gas reduction catalysts
       * We believe that our Group’s technologies and business activities can also widely contribute to goals other than SDGs specified above.
Reduce environmental impact in a product lifecycle
Emission control of greenhouse gases Reduction in water usage and thorough control over wastewater
Control of wastes and chemicals
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 06

 Introduction
 Changes in Creating Value
IBIDEN’s technology stems from hydroelectric power generation. The Company has expanded into the electrochemical business with the aim of utilizing electric power efficiently and has incorporated a variety of technologies such as high-temperature sintering technology, chemical synthesis technology, and printed wiring board layering technology. Changes in our technologies have been steadily inherited by the current Electronics Operation and Ceramics Operation.
       1 Power generation technology
Fused Magnesium Phosphate
     High-temperature sintering technology
  Ferro-Silicon 2 Carbide Carbon
Nitrolime
1
COB
  Circuit fabrication technology Circuit design technology
       Plating technology
  Electric furnace technology
   Printed wiring board layering technology
IC interconnect technology
    Chemical synthesis technology
Ceramic Fiber
Fine Ceramics
Graphite Specialty
4 Printed Wiring Board
3 Melamine Decorative
New business generation phase
The pursuit of IBI-TECHNO
Substrate Holding Mat
Semiconductor Ceramics
6 SiC-DPF
Multi-layered PWB
5 Plastic Package
 Decorative Laminates Products
   Establishment
— Promotion of Regional Economy
Established as a power generation company with the aim of promoting the regional economy through hydroelectric power generation and then transformed into a “manufacturing company” to make effective use of electric power.
Restructuring
— Expectations for New Businesses
During Japan’s high economic growth period, we focused on the demand for housing construction and housing materials business grew by applying the technologies cultivated in the melamine operation.
Second Foundation
— Structural Reform
We were among the first to grasp the needs of the digital age, and succeeded in producing printed wiring boards and IC package substrates.
Alloy Steel
1%
Carbide
27% Railway
20%
1 Nishi-Yokoyama Power Plant (1916-1963)
1912
Carbon
1% Electric
Power
51%
Chemical Fertilizer
7% Carbon 10%
Alloy Steel
12% Carbide
16%
FY1971 ¥13.6
billion
Melamine
5% Housing
Materials
50%
3 IBI-BOARD (1960-present)
Ceramic Fiber
4% Fine
Ceramics
8% Carbon
Graphite
Carbide
3% FY1991 Others
             07 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
1912–1970
Development as a materials- centered company
1912
Electric power
1971–1990
Corporate-restructuring phase
A corporate philosophy to innovate the company: Creating IBI-TECHNO
1991–2001
  FY1923 ¥3.07
million
¥69.0 2% billion
9%
25%
Electronics
49%
4 Printed Wiring Board (1972-present)
Housing Materials
    2 Carbide (1917-1991)
1925 1950
1960
1970
       The Technological Changes
  
  Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
(billion yen) 400
 2002–2011
Core-business nurturing phase
Entrenchment of IBI-TECHNO
2012–
Toward the next 100 years
100th anniversary of IBIDEN foundation
      Ceramics
Ceramic Fiber Substrate Holding Mat Fine Ceramics SiC-DPF Graphite Specialty
       Electronics
 BVH 2 Multi-layer Board
HDI (Build-up) Substrate IC Package Substrate CSP (Chip Scale Package) SiP (System in Package)
 Memory Module
 E-BGA 3
 S-BGA 4
    1 COB=Chip On Board
2 BVH=Blind Via Hole
3 E-BGA=Enhanced Ball Grid Array 4 S-BGA=Simple Ball Grid Array
To The Next Stage 110 Plan
     Visible Evolution
— Expansion Overseas
In the Ceramics Operation, we have developed products that can contribute to the environment in the exhaust gas field in response to the growing awareness of environmental issues around the world.
Construction Others Construction & 4% 7% Others
Construction & Others
    Housing 22% Materials FY2011
FY2020 ¥323.4
billion
18% Electronics
FY2022 (Target) ¥420.0
billion
 7% ¥300.8 Electronics Ceramics billion 57% 25%
51% Ceramics
Electronics
Ceramics
27%
21%
61%
Precision fabrication technology
Purification technology
Surface treatment technology
 Build-up technology Microfabrication technology Surface treatment technology Environmental technology
 Housing Materials
Melamine Decorative Laminates Decorative Laminates Products
  5 IC Package Substrate 6 SiC-DPF (1988-present) (1999-present)
 1980 1990 2000 2010 2020 (FY)
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 08
300
200
100

 Introduction
 Main Operations and Core Technology
 Electronics
Having access to information communication technology is important to build infrastructure for industrialization and innovation set out by SDG 9.
Supports communication technologies such as data centers to realize global digital innovation by producing IC package substrates of high performance and reliability.
Growth Strategy P29
     Data Center
A large number of microprocessors are used at data centers that process huge quantities of data. The demand for IC packaging substrates used in data centers is on the rise as more and more services are handling big data. IBIDEN supports the superior reliability of data centers with IC packaging featuring high-functionality and high-reliability.
 Core Technologies in Electronics
IC Package Substrate
Focusing on MPUs (micro processor unit) for personal computers and the Data Center, and GPUs (graphic processor unit) for AI and vehicle- mounted applications, we provide state-of-the-art IC packaging substrates. IC packaging substrate is an important component that functions together with IC chips. IBIDEN has always enhanced added values along with IC chip evolution.
IC package substrates
IC Package Substrate for desktop PC
IC Package Substrate for mobile PC
    09 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Visit our website for details of our electronics operation. https://www.ibiden.com/product/electronics/merchandise/
    
                         Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
     IC Package Substrate
      Printed Wiring Board
Computer & Smartphone
Car Electronics
The number of electronic components and sensors installed on automobiles have dramatically increased against a backdrop of advancements in analysis using big data and high-speed communication networks. Semiconductors used on all systems that control automobiles, IC package substrates to which these are installed, as well as motherboards on which those packages are implemented, are used widely as components for automobiles that require strict reliability.
 At the heart of computers, semiconductors are small chips with a size of only a few millimeters to a few dozen millimeters. IC package substrates are used to implement these semiconductors with techniques that allow the chips to function at 100% performance. Various electronic devices and peripheral equipment are incorporated in smartphones featuring a variety of functions. Thin printed wiring boards with many layers are used to bring out the capabilities of multiple electronic devices within limits on size and thickness.
 Printed Wiring Board
Focusing on high-end smartphones, we provide high-function and high-density printed circuit boards. A printed circuit board is an important component that supports the manufacturing of small and high-function products in line with the full-fledged dissemination of 5G. IBIDEN meets its customers’ needs using Modified Semi Additive Process (MSAP) which enables free circuit design and high-density wiring.
 Printed Wiring Board for Smartphones
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 10
    
     Introduction
 Main Operations and Core Technology
 Ceramics
Aiming to create towns where people can continue to live their lives for generations as set out by SDG 11, we need to control the negative effects that our lives and activities have on the environment.
Contributes to the global improvement of air quality through the supply of diesel particulate filters (DPF), substrate holding mats (AFP) and SCR Catalysts (SCR) that purify exhaust gas from vehicles.
Growth Strategy P31
        Automobile
Many products are being used, including SiC-DPF (diesel particulate filter), which removes the black smoke emitted by diesel engines, catalysts for cleaning exhaust gases installed in exhaust pipes, and felt-like ceramic fibers (alumina fibers) that prevent leakage of exhaust gas by stabilizing catalysts.
   Core Technologies in Ceramics
Automotive Exhaust System Components (DPF·AFP)
Diesel Particulate Filter (DPF), have grown as a standard component of the industry due to their performance and reliability. In the category of Substrate Holding Mat (MAT), we also provide products that meet market trends, achieving a high reputation and share in the market. We will continue to develop high-performance products and to reduce damage to the environment for the next generation.
Graphite Specialty (FGM)
Made with the excellent properties of high strength, high purity and high durability, our graphite products are contributing to the growth of leading-edge industries of every type including high-grade materials for semiconductor manufacturing equipment, electrode materials for electric-discharge machining use, materials for solar cell manufacturing equipment, and more.
Visit our website for details of our ceramics operation. https://www.ibiden.com/product/ceramics/merchandise/
SiC-DPF Substrate Holding Mat
  Catalyst for Industrial Plants (SCR)
NOx reduction catalysts are used by customers around the world as a key component of systems to effectively and efficiently reduce the NOx content of exhaust gas, helping to improve the global environment.
High Temperature Insulation Material Offering excellent heat resistance and insulating performance, this is available as both material and formed products, and is widely used in industrial products such as sintered bodies and fuel cells.
  11 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
    
  Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
 Others
     Auto sales and repair [IBIDEN Industries Co., Ltd.]
Automobile parts tool boxes [IBIDEN Jushi Co., Ltd.]
      Development and production of dehydrated food, development of textured vegetable protein
[IBIDEN Bussan Co., Ltd.]
Sale and distribution of industrial gasses and the related product
[IBIDEN Chemical Co., Ltd.]
Technologies and products created from “IBI- TECHNO” are inherited to domestic group companies, have unique competitiveness and are contributing to various fields.
Growth Strategy P33
  Operating system and network construction, sales of custom software, including comprehensive health testing systems [TAK Co., Ltd.]
Construction
Our own and innovative technology, which is a fusion of slope facing technology and landscaping, contributes to create better symbiosis between human beings and the natural environment.
Housing Materials
To realize a safer and more secure living space, we contribute by providing high-performance products including antiviral coating material centered on melamine decorative laminates.
Electric Power Business
IBI-BOARD:high-pressure decorative laminates
Viruhael: antiviral melamine decorative laminates
Contributing SDGs
Contributing SDGs
Contributing SDGs
  TOPICS
Won the Minister of Land,
Infrastructure, Transport and
Tourism Award at 19th “Rooftop / Photo by Shinkenchiku-Sha Wall Greening Technology Contest” Rooftop Greening (Waseda Arena)
        The Company, which began with hydroelectric power generation, still owns three hydroelectric power plants today, including the Higashi Yokoyama Power Plant. In 2016, renovations were conducted to support the renewable energy feed-in tariff (FIT), supporting the Company’s business as stable sources of revenue over the medium to long term. Technologies fostered in hydroelectric power generation are deployed in various power generation operations, such as solar power, and contribute to providing renewable energy that puts little stress on the environment.
Visit our website for details of our other operation. Visit our website for details of our group companies in Japan. https://www.ibiden.com/product/group/ https://www.ibiden.com/company/profile/globalization-japan-group/
    IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 12
       
 Introduction
Global Support Structure
Since establishing IBIDEN U.S.A. Corp. in the United States as a foothold for overseas expansion in 1987, the Company has achieved full-blown expansion in overseas areas. Maintaining technology and quality fostered in Japan, we have established a global support structure by adapting to business environments, customer needs, and geographical risk.
France Italy
Austria
Hungary
Korea
Taiwan Philippines
Eur7ope Countries
England
Netherlands
Germany
No. of employees
2,434
Electronic Production Base
Sales Companies and Branches
India Malaysia
Singapore
Ceramic Production Base
Asi8a No. of employees
4,264
Electronics operation Operates mainly in Asia with the mother plant based in Japan
Ogaki Central Plant IBIDEN Philippines, Inc. IBIDEN Electronics (IC Package Substrate) (IC Package Substrate) Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. (Printed Wiring Board)
IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (Printed Wiring Board)
13 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
China
Japan
No. of employees
5,832
10
Countries

 Korea
Taiwan
Philippines
9 7 6
3 5
21 4
8
Gifu Prefecture
Aichi Prefecture
Ratio of employees by region (Ibiden Group)
North and Central America
4.8% Europe
18.5% Asia
32.4%
North and Central America
8.0% Europe
10.4% 54.7%
1 Training Center & Head Office 3 Ogaki Central Plant
5 Gama Plant
7 Ogaki-Kita Plant
2
4
6
8
Ogaki Plant Aoyanagi Plant Godo Plant Kinuura Plant Tokyo Branch
9 Power Plants
(Higashi-Yokoyama, Hirose, and Kawakami)
Introduction
Value Creation
Ratio of net sales by region
ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
Japan
44.3%
26.6%
10
America
America
Mexico
Ceramics operation We have a supply system in the three regions of Asia, Europe and North America.
Kinuura Plant IBIDEN Hungary Kft. IBIDEN Mexico, S.A. de C.V. IBIDEN Fine Ceramics (Substrate Holding Mat) (SiC-DPF, Substrate Holding Mat) (SiC-DPF) (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.
(Substrate Holding Mat)
Asia
North and2Central
No. of employees
631
Other
0.3% Japan
Countries
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 14

 Value Creation
 Value Creation Story
We will realize sustainable value creation through innovating “IBI-
TECHNO”, with respect for both “individuals” and “the global environment”.
Our company, which was founded as a hydroelectric power generation company intended to promote the regional economy, has long valued people and the global environment, and as a technology development company has contributed to society’s development with its state -of-the art technologies. From now, we will also continue to take up challenges in new value creation by continuously innovating “IBI-TECHNO,” which is to develop new technologies by evolving and uniting our original technologies.
Investment in Value Creation
External environmental risks
Sudden fluctuations in PC demand
Electric passenger
     Major inputs
   Manufactured capital
Financial capital
 Sound financial base
Enterprise ranking A
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
(End of March 2021)
  Human resource management
 Human capital
Natural capital
Social capital
Intellectual capital
No. of employees 13,161 (End of March 2021)
Harnessing the power of water
MISSION
vehicle market Accelerating Climate Change
Pandemics
Geopolitical risks
Decrease in domestic working population
Opportunities
Expansion of ICTs
Transition to a low-carbon society or decarbonized society
Strengthening of environmental regulations in emerging countries
Increase in populations of emerging countries
Growing needs for reducing environmental burdens in manufacturing processes
      Hydroelectric power generated
  157,778MWh (FY 2020)
Customers first
Manufacturing
Business
                      17 bases in 38 countries & regions around the world (End of March 2021)
IBI-TECHNO
Based on technologies we have accumulated so far, we will establish IBIDEN’s original and completely new technologies, and promote the creation of high value- added products and services.
      IBI-TECHNO Innovation
    16.8 billion yen (FY 2020)
Manufacturing capabilities
  Total R&D expenses
No. of patents held 2,615 (FY 2020)
Procurement
Development
     Total capital investment
SPIRIT
“Wa” Teamwork and Synergy
IBI-TECHNO Innovation
78.1 billion yen (FY 2020)
Trust through Integrity Challenge with Passion
 15
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
t
r
s
c
e
l
s
E
o
n
i
c
s
C
o
n
s
t
r
u
c
t
i
o
n
C
a
e
n
r
a
d
o
t
m
h
i
e
c
r
s
b
u
s
i
n
e
s
s
e
s
s
e
s
e
n
i
N
e
w
b
u

  Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
  16
  Outcomes
 Value that IBIDEN offers to society
 Innovating and disseminating ICT
IBIDEN utilizes its high-function and fine IC package substrates and printed wiring boards to contribute to the evolution of digital technology.
Reduction environmental burdens
IBIDEN utilizes its exhaust gas purification ceramic filters to contribute to the control of air pollution.
Mitigating climate change
IBIDEN applies the existing technologies for circulation in a low-carbon society or decarbonized society to contribute to the dissemination of high-insulation materials and renewable energy.
       / Evolution of Core Technologies and Correspondence
  Outcomes
Management targets for FY 2022
 Net sales
420 billion yen Operating income
60 billion yen (14.3%)
    Outputs
 Products in core business
IC Package Substrate Printed Wiring Board
Environmental ceramic products
New and other business areas
         Contributing to the SDGs in business processes
    Outcomes
Strengthening the business foundation
 Reinforcement of
human resources
Management of both high job satisfaction and high productivity
Sustainable utilization of natural capital Low-impact manufacturing systems
       Mid-term management plan
To The Next Stage 110 Plan
(5 years from FY 2018 to FY 2022)
12
  Strengthening competitiveness of existing businesses
Expanding of new businesses
4 pillars of our activities
34
  Nurturing human resources
Driving ESG-central operation
 Diversity Improvement of productivity
Compliance Energy conservation Risk management Resource circulation
ESG-central operation Corporate governance IBIDEN WAY
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021

 Value Creation
    Risks and Opportunities
  Sudden fluctuations in PC demand
 Electric passenger vehicle market
 Accelerating Climate Change
 Pandemics
 Decrease in domestic working population
 Decrease in domestic working population
  Expansion of ICTs
 Transition to a low-carbon society or decarbonized society
 Strengthening of environmental regulations in emerging countries
 Increase in populations of emerging countries
 Growing needs for reducing environmental burdens
  Issues recognized in the previous medium-term management plan
   Electronics
Incorporating into the medium-to-long term growth strategy
 Ceramics
 Changes in Business Environment and Medium- to Long-Term Management Strategy
For more than a century, we have continued to grow by quickly perceiving changes in the environment and responding to them. We have recognized risks and opportunities and the impact they have, based on sudden changes in the external environment and business results and issues accumulated from the past, and are addressing highly important issues under the Management Strategy.
Digital innovation
    Changes in
the Business Environment from Macro Perspective
Climate change ∙ Decarbonization
Decrease in domestic working population
CASE
  International affairs
Global epidemic of infectious diseases
Mitigate high dependency on specific large-scale users.
Select and concentrate on manufacturing structures and product lineups in response to changes in the market.
Develop products with new materials that can support weight reduction and comfort toward the proliferation of EVs.
  17
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Opportunities Risks

 Risks and Opportunities Related to Changes in Business Environment and Our Measures
   Impact on the Company
  Expected duration
  Responsive Measures for Specific Impact
  A sudden change to the product mix and order volume in response to changing demands of IC Package Substrate for PC
short-term Resource allocation that allows us to respond flexibly to a change in made-to-order product mix and establishment of production
medium-term framework
   Decline in exhaust gas-related products and decrease in DPF demand due to an accelerated diffusion of EVs and hybrid vehicles
medium-term Transition to a production and supply structure focused on growth markets in response to the contraction of the European diesel
long-term passenger vehicle market and EV product development
   Rising energy procurement costs due to tighter climate change- related regulations
Suspension of operations at our plants or disruption of supply chains due to increased natural disasters
medium-term long-term
short-term long-term
Realization of energy efficient production processes, including increasing power generation facilities with high power generation efficiency by driving GX and effective use of in-house-generated renewable energy
Enhancing a framework to immediately implement business continuity and recovery plans in the event of local disasters due to natural disasters
      Sluggish supply chains on a global scale, including the limitations on operations in various countries due to the spread of infectious diseases and travel restrictions
short-term medium-term
Maintaining business continuity levels that are essential to corporate survival, and resuming and recovering operations systematically while putting top priority on the safety of employees and communities
   Unexpected suspension of shipments or operations due to sudden changes in systems, laws, regulations, etc., arising from political and social tensions in specific regions
short-term medium-term
Flexible operations to mitigate the impact of unexpected events in specific regions, including a global production structure, and alternative production and shipments by leveraging its network
   Shortage of human resources due to the declining working population caused by the declining birthrate and aging population in Japan
medium-term long-term
Improving efficiency through the use of digital technologies (via DX), etc., and supporting active participation of diverse human resources which we have been working on
  Increase in demand for finer cutting-edge, next-generation packages with high functionality, in which we excel, in line with market expansion in such areas as data centers and AI due to the spread of 5G and IoT
short-term long-term
Increasing large-scale production capacity centered on the Ogaki Central Plant to meet the demand for next-generation high-function IC package substrate, and efficient production through DX and improvement of productivity
    Growing demand for new technologies at the time of transition to low carbon and decarbonization
short-term R&D of products that contribute to carbon capture and fixation, use of renewable energies and enhancing businesses that contribute to
long-term greening
   Increase in demand for ceramic products in large vehicle markets in developing countries due to stricter exhaust gas regulations and expansion of market scale
short-term medium-term
Establishment of a global ceramic product supply system in the three regions of Asia, Europe, and North America to meet demand in growing markets
    Requests for reduction in environmental impact of the entire supply chain, including customers and investors
short-term Promoting use of renewable energy and introducing technologies to reduce environment burden and improvement activities throughout the
long-term supply chain
     Key issues recognized by assessing the impact of risks and opportunities are being addressed under the medium-term management plan and ESG/SDGs initiatives.
Medium-Term Management Plan
ESG and SDGs Initiatives
P19-24 Message from the President
P5 IBIDEN Group’s ESG Management and Contribution to the SDGs
P27-28 Environment Strategy
   Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 18

 Value Creation
19 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
President&CEO Takeshi Aoki
   
   Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Message from the President
To build a sustainable society, we will respond to climate change in a manner
that is integrated with our business strategy.
We express our heartfelt gratitude and respect to those who are committed to recovery in areas affected by the frequently occurring natural disasters around the world and to those who support healthcare operations amid the ongoing vigilance against COVID-19. We would also like to offer our heartfelt prayers for the return of normalcy to those who are having to struggle financially or suffer inconvenience in areas with high levels of infection.
 Adapting to changes in the social environment
Recognizing once again the importance of IBIDEN's DNA, we will continue to contribute to solving social issues and achieving the SDGs while promoting DX and GX initiatives and human resource development.
Since the formulation of the “To the Next Stage 110 Plan,” the medium-term management plan we launched in FY2018, we have been responding to demand for high- performance servers used in data centers and other facilities, which has been driven by the advancement of digital technology. However, with the global proliferation of teleworking and online education due to COVID-19, the demand for IC package substrates for personal computers has rapidly expanded. We have been responding to this demand, which can be said to be a demand from society, and in FY2020 we steadily increased our capacity. And with climate change becoming increasingly serious, we are considering new initiatives such as utilizing renewable energy, which is also a business we have inherited. In terms of our own operations, too, we have been working to build a system for early restoration of production through business continuity and recovery planning and contribute to local communities in the face of the growing impact of infectious diseases and the potential risk of natural disasters.
I am reminded of the importance of IBIDEN’s DNA, which is to quickly detect the demands of the world as the social environment changes and utilize our core technologies to respond flexibly, thereby fulfilling our social responsibilities. Society will continue to change in the
future, and one of our guiding principles is the SDGs, a set of common global goals to be met by 2030. In the Electronics Operation, as digital technology, the foundation of industrial and technological innovation, continues to advance, we will contribute by further evolving our IC package substrate technology and ensuring stable supplies. In the Ceramics Operation, we will contribute to solving social issues through the development and supply of products that minimize the adverse effects of human activities on the environment, such as exhaust gas and greenhouse gases, with the aim of creating communities in which people can continue to live in safety and comfort.
In the realms of environment, social, and governance, we have been contributing to society through our business activities, based on the principle of ESG-central operation. And in doing that, we have followed a process that is adapted to global standards. For example, we have endorsed the TCFD recommendations. Now, in order to keep our business activities themselves in step with the tide of social change, we have launched initiatives in the spheres of Digital Transformation (DX) to improve productivity and Green Transformation (GX) to contribute to a decarbonized society. We have embedded both of these initiatives in our business strategy, but it is our diverse and knowledgeable human resources that will drive the strategy forward. We recognize the importance of creating an environment in which diverse human resources can play an active role (diversity) and of respecting and acknowledging each other’s individuality (inclusion) so that abilities can be demonstrated to the greatest possible extent.
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 20
  
 Value Creation
 Message from the President
Progress with the medium-term management plan
In the Electronics Operation, we will, as the market leader, concentrate our resources on cutting-edge technologies, and in the Ceramics Operation, we will aim to achieve the goals of the medium-term management plan by adapting to the ever-changing environment.
Here we describe the progress of the medium-term management plan, our current roadmap for management. As mentioned above, the Group has started implementing a medium-term five-year plan called “To The Next Stage 110 Plan” from FY2018. Under this plan, in addition to pursuing steady growth in existing businesses, which comprise Electronics, Ceramics, and the operations of domestic affiliates, we are endeavoring to build a well- balanced portfolio by accumulating new businesses to serve as new revenue sources.
As for the current business environment for the Electronics Operation, demand for high-performance IC
package substrates is increasing rapidly due to the growth of the PC and tablet markets in conjunction with the proliferation of teleworking and distance education, the expansion of the data center market, and the emergence of new fields such as image analysis for automobiles. High-performance IC package substrates require advanced technological capabilities, but our ultra-fine wiring technology is among the finest in the world, and we boast a substantial share of the market. In 2018, we decided to invest a total of ¥130 billion in the first and second phases to boost production capacity for high- performance IC package substrates. We completed Phase 1 investment as planned, commencing mass production in April 2020, and we are also on track with Phase 2 investment. In April 2021, we announced an additional investment plan worth ¥180 billion, with a view to starting mass production in FY2023. We will strive to increase our market share in state-of-the art fields, which are among IBIDEN’s strengths, through the targeted deployment of resources to meet the rising demand for high-performance IC package substrates.
Regarding the current business environment for Ceramics Operation, while the trend toward electrification
 Mid-Term Management Plan To The Next Stage 110 Plan
Targeted Management Indicators
4 Pillars of the strategy
  1234
    Strengthening competitiveness of existing businesses
Expanding new Development of Driving ESG-central businesses human resources operation
 Net Sales
(Billions of yen) 500
Operating Income
(Billions of yen)
70 420.0 60
75.0 50 6.7% 90.0 40 3.5%
11.9% 11.8%
45.0
38.6 6.5 6.2 6.0 4.6
14.3%
60.0
7.0 9.0
2022 (FY) (Forecast)
  400 300 200 100
291.1 295.9
72.7 75.4 102.5 88.4
116.0 132.2
380.0
323.4 70.0 70.0 88.0
30
20 19.6
    0
Electronics Ceramics
0
4.6 3.0 14.9 2.5
87.4 166.1
2020 (Results)
Others
10 10.1 5.8 27.8
222.0
255.0
32.5
44.0
  21 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
2018 2019 (Results) (Results)
2021 (Forecast)
2022 (FY) (Forecast)
2018 (Results)
2019 -1 2020 2021 (Results) (Results) (Forecast)
Electronics
Ceramics Others
Operating Income ratio

  Introduction
and de-dieselification continues, especially in the passenger car market, demand for DPFs for large vehicles is expected to increase due to stricter emission regulations, especially in emerging countries. In response to these changes in the business environment, we have shuttered our French production site and centralized manufacturing in Hungary, thereby establishing an optimal and efficient production system comprising three manufacturing bases Japan, Mexico, and Hungary. In the future, we intend to generate stable profits by responding to the growing demand in emerging countries. And in the area of substrate holding mats (AFP), in FY2019 we decided to establish IBIDEN Fine Ceramics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. to capture demand against the backdrop of stricter environmental regulations in China, and operations commenced in the first half of 2021. By getting this plant on a stable growth trajectory as soon as possible, we will ensure that we tap demand from growing markets. In addition, we will take immediate steps to respond to the major trend in the automotive industry toward electrification. We are currently developing materials for electric vehicles, which are in the new energy vehicle (NEV) field, and plan to commercialize them as soon as possible. We will properly grasp changes in the business environment, such as the electrification of automobiles, and promote selection and concentration from existing businesses to growth businesses. We will also be engaging in R&D so as to create products that meet new demand.
Under the medium-term management plan, which ends in FY2022, we expect to reach net sales of ¥420 billion, operating income of ¥60 billion, and the operating income ratio of 14.3%, with the Electronics Operation constituting a powerful driving force. In particular, the operating income ratio reached approximately 11.9% in FY2020, far exceeding the previous year’s 6.7%, thanks to improved earnings from high-value-added, high- performance IC package substrates and higher productivity in the output of high-performance DPF products. As such, the Group is shifting to a stronger and more stable earnings structure. We will continue striving to achieve the goals of the medium-term management plan by steadily capturing demand in growing markets and putting the plant and equipment from large-scale investments into operation as planned.
Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Integrating our climate change response with business strategy
To achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions, we will continue to address climate change issues while pursuing a growth strategy centered on the Electronics Operation.
Our current mainstay businesses are the Electronics and Ceramics Operations, but the original business that we inherited was hydroelectric power generation. We used the current of the Ibi River to produce electricity. For more than 100 years, we have developed our business by converting the blessings of water into energy. We also use a great deal of water in the Electronics Operation, one of our current core businesses. Both then and now, water resources have always been part of the natural capital that is essential for conducting our business. “Harmony with nature,” meanwhile, is also a value that we have inherited from our predecessors. As part of our environmental activities, we have pursued a variety of energy-saving initiatives, as well as action aimed at conserving resources. In response to climate change issues, which are now starting to become apparent on a global scale, we believe it is necessary to assess the changes in the social and business environment caused by these climate-change impacts in terms of both risks and opportunities, and incorporate them into our business strategies in a more in-depth manner than before.
So in March 2021, in addition to pursuing growth strategies centered on Electronics, we positioned action on climate change issues as one of our key management tasks and set medium-term milestone targets for FY2030, which we will attain on the way to realizing our environmental vision of net zero greenhouse gas emissions by FY2050 (see p.28). The driving force behind this medium- to long-term goal will be the Green Innovation Division, which we newly established in FY2021 and will be taking action alongside our business sections. Personnel from our environmental departments and business sections will be working together to formulate and implement measures characterized by deep involvement from the production frontline. Specifically, we will be introducing renewable energy such as solar, biomass, and small hydroelectric power. And during a period of transition ahead of that, we will deploy low- carbon energy sources such as high-efficiency gas engine cogeneration systems. We will also be expanding greenery and innovating our production technology. We will continue to pursue activities in cooperation with our business partners in order to reduce the risks associated
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 22

 Value Creation
 Message from the President
 with climate change and to achieve a high level of environmental impact reduction that meets the requirements of our customers.
With FY2030 as a milestone, we will expand the use of renewable energies such as hydroelectric power generation, the domain in which we got started as a company, to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions as early as possible before our long-term goal of FY2050.
Development of human resources to support enhanced productivity and growth
We will improve productivity by pursuing DX, and will create an environment in which diverse human resources can play active roles as a foundation to support further growth.
In addition, we consider DX to be an important part of advancing our growth strategy. At the Ogaki Central Plant, which produces high-performance IC package substrates, we are working to raise productivity by using the latest IT technology. For example, we are improving quality through the digitization of production information and achieving efficient automatic transportation through interfacing with IT systems. In the future, we plan to use AI technology to further optimize production. The Ogaki Central Plant and the Gama Plant, where we are constructing a new
building, are also introducing the latest energy-saving technologies, and will evolve into work sites that symbolize IBIDEN today, turning our business strategy, as well as DX and GX, into reality.
In functional departments, we endeavored to develop an environment compatible with teleworking, which allows work to be performed safely even amid the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, we went paperless and moved forward with robotic process automation (RPA) for certain tasks so as to speed up decision-making. Going forward, we will continue to improve productivity through the integration of Group systems and to assign the right people to the right jobs. We will also put in place a structure to build a strong organization that supports business growth with the optimal number of people.
The people who will ultimately master these technologies are our human resources, which we value the most. Looking ahead to future growth, we will require even more diverse skills from even more diverse human resources. From this April, we have integrated the Human Resources Development Center into the human resources department, and are putting in place a structure to ensure that the education of personnel who support manufacturing is consistent with our human resources strategy. In addition, we need to continue establishing workplace environments in which diverse human resources can work comfortably as one of our strategies. For some time now, we have, in addition to improving human resource systems and training, been promoting work style reforms that lead to increased employee
 23 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021

  Introduction
motivation, and have been creating workplace environments that are comfortable to work in regardless of gender while also emphasizing work-life balance.
From the standpoint of diversity, we launched a program called the Act on Promotion for Women’s Empowerment in FY2017, and since then we have gradually increased the proportion of female managers by reforming awareness of the workplace, including the supervisors of female employees, and supporting the development and promotion of female employees at the junior manager level. In addition, with a view to enabling diverse human resources to play even more active roles, we have established IBIDEN OASIS Co., Ltd. to provide stable employment to people with disabilities who have the desire to work, and introduced a system to extend the retirement age of personnel in Japan so that highly-skilled senior employees can continue working until later in life. And from a global perspective, we have created a system that allows overseas human resources, such as people from our subsidiary in the Philippines, to work in Japan. Through initiatives like these, we are enhancing the environment so as to enable diverse human resources to play active roles.
Our corporate ambitions for sustainable growth
We aim to achieve sustainable growth for society and our company by creating what will be needed by the society based on core technologies, while establishing a structure that can respond to changes in the business environment.
We aim to both bring about a decarbonized society, which is a shared global goal nowadays, and achieve growth as a company. To advance toward these two goals simultaneously, we will need to continue to invest in our business. And to develop next-generation technologies and launch new products at early stage, we intend to maintain our investment in R&D by keeping total R&D expenses at 5% or more of net sales. We will continue to invest in R&D and manufacturing in response to changes in the market, and use the cash generated from our business to invest for further growth, thereby expanding our business and improving our profitability. For shareholder returns, our approach to capital allocation for the time being will be to prioritize investment for growth, while continuing to pay stable dividends.
We aim to achieve sustainable growth by pressing ahead with the establishment of governance structures
Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
that are optimized for the circumstances of the Company at the time. So far, we have made the transition to a Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee in 2017, discontinued the Executive Officer position in 2020, and now we are working on the design of a compensation system that clarifies the responsibilities of Directors and Senior Executive Officers with respect to business performance. As a result, we believe that we have put in place a structure that can respond with speed to the rapidly changing business and social environment. At the General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2021, we welcomed two Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee Members. Each of them has a wealth of expertise gained from experience working at Japanese financial institutions or major electronics manufacturers, and we expect them to monitor and provide advice on overall management from a new perspective. We will continue to strengthen our governance structure in response to changes in the business and social environment.
In the 110 years since our founding, we have, from time to time, flexibly restructured our business portfolio to achieve the next level of growth, even in the face of changes in the business environment that have threatened the survival of the Company. We believe that the sustainable growth of society leads to the sustainable growth of the Company. It is our responsibility as a corporate citizen to contribute to a sustainable society through our business, and helping achieve the SDGs is one of the ways to do this. We intend to contribute to a sustainable society by maintaining our current core businesses of the Electronics and Ceramics Operations, and applying the core technologies we have developed through these businesses to sustainability.
In response to the social environment we are currently facing, which is dominated by the issues of infectious disease and climate change, to the major changes in the business environment surrounding our core businesses, and to new changes that will occur in the future, we will continue to “create what will be needed by the society in the future based on core technologies.” Doing so will provide a guidepost for overcoming difficulties and continuing to grow sustainably, which can be said to be the Company’s DNA. To continue to serve our stakeholders, we will build a strong organization that can respond to changes in the business environment and work together as a Group to generate new innovation and provide new value to our customers and society.
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 24

 Value Creation
 Financial Strategy
 Financial base
The Group is working to further solidify its financial base with the aim to achieve sustainable growth and generate stable profit in implementing the medium-term manage- ment plan “To The Next Stage 110 Plan,” which started in FY2018.
Our mainstay Electronics Operation, serving as a driving force to achieve targets under the medium-term management plan, is in a very volatile industry. To respond
Target financial ratios
Progress with the medium-term management plan
Our target performance indicators for FY2022, the final Total capital investment year of the medium-term management plan, are net sales (Billions of yen)
   Equity ratio 60%
of ¥420 billion, operating income of ¥60 billion, and an operating income ratio of 14.3%.
120.0
To achieve the medium-term management plan, we
decided to make a large-scale investment totaling ¥60
billion (Phase 2 investment) in April 2020, in addition to
the capital investment decided in November 2018 totaling
¥70 billion (Phase 1 investment) in the Electronics
Operation. The equity ratio temporarily declined to about 0 50% as a result of financing the largest-ever investment;
however, we successfully rolled out Phase 1 investment
as planned in October 2020. As a result, the equity ratio
at the end of FY2020 improved to 54.61%. Phase 2
investment is progressing well and mass production and
shipment will start from this fiscal year as planned.
Furthermore, we made investment to construct a new
production base for the Ceramics Operation, which will be
our third production base in China, so that we can start 9%
production as scheduled. 50.0 8%
78.1
2020
11%
35.4
90.0
2021 (FY) (Forecast)
(%) 16% 18
60.0
Going forward, we will steadily recoup the investment and promptly restore the equity ratio to 60% to build a financial base that enables us to drive further growth.
25.1 24.2
25 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
ROE commensurate with the cost of capital
ROE 10%
to such volatility, we need a solid financial base so that we can generate profit while maintaining a high equity ratio. To this end, we are targeting a 10% ROE while keeping the equity ratio of around 60%. Furthermore, we will retain a single A rating assigned by Rating and Investment Infor- mation, Inc. (R&I) to secure a flexible financing for proac- tively making investment.
Credit rating Retain a single
A rating
   60.0
57.0 22.8
 Electronics
Ceramics
2018
2019 Others
Depreciation and amortization
(Billions of yen)
100.0
 9
 00
2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast)
 Electronics
Depreciation to consolidated net sales ratio
Ceramics Others
 
   Introduction
Value Creation ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
 R&D activities
To achieve further growth, we will strategically invest in R&D and aim to enhance long-term competitiveness.
By maintaining R&D expenses at over a 5% ratio to
net sales, we aim to develop next generation products 5.1% 5.2% and move towards rapid commercialization. In FY2020 we 14.8 16.2 16.8 launched two projects and are accelerating 12.0
commercialization activities. With the evolution of our core
technology and open innovation, we will actively pursue
product development that will serve as a pillar of new
businesses and solidify the future earning base. 0
Total R&D expenses
(Billions of yen)
Maintain over 5% ratio to net sales
(%)
6.0 5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0
24.0 5.5%
      Shareholder returns
For shareholder returns, we make a comprehensive Dividends per share examination of the balance between retaining sufficient (yen)
earnings for investment in the business and long-term steady dividend payments to shareholders. For the time being, we will prioritize large-scale investments for IC package substrates in Electronics Operation to respond to the next generation, and also maintain our policy of paying stable dividends.
We will continue to meet the expectation of stakeholders including shareholders by achieving sustainable growth and stable profit based on a solid financial base.
40
20
0
35 35 35 35
2018 2019 2020
Total R&D expenses Ratio to consolidated net sales
2021 (Forecast)
(FY)
0
      15
2018 Interim dividend
15 15 15
20
20
20
20
 2019 2020 Year-end dividend
2021 (Plan)
(FY)
  Visit our website for details of our investor relations. https://www.ibiden.com/ir/
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 26

Value Creation
Special Feature
Environment Strategy Response to Climate Change
 In August 2020, we announced our support for the recommendations of the TCFD.
The Group considers its response to climate change as one of the top management priorities.
To implement a growth strategy while at the same time responding to climate change, the Group will work together as one to innovate production technologies that enable low-carbon operations and developing technologies contributing to a decarbonized society. By making these efforts, we will achieve net zero GHG emissions at the earliest possible stage by 2050.
  Executive Vice President, Representative Director
Kozo KODAMA
  Governance
At a meeting chaired by the President & CEO, we discuss the risks and opportunities surrounding us that arise from climate change and countermeasures. Subsequently, the president of each operation, who is charged with execution, leads implementation in the Company.
Material issues and their progress are subject to supervision of the Board of Directors, which regularly receives report from the director in charge of Strategic Manufacturing Operation, who is in charge of company- wide environment.
 Structure in response to climate change
 Board of Directors
 Supervision
Direction/ Supervision
Report
Reporting Meeting on Response to Climate Change (tentative name)
Secretariat
Environment related sections ESG promotion sections
Scheduled to be established in FY2021
 Top management
  President of each operation (charged with execution)
27
  Strategy
We identify highly important business risks and opportunities in accordance with the degree of change in business environment driven by climate change and its effect, and then respond to such risks under the Medium- Term Management Plan. For example, from the viewpoint of strengthening competitiveness of existing businesses, we are working to transition to a production and supply structure given the change in the passenger vehicle market.
Risk Management
In the company-wide risk management process, we analyze a wide variety of risks surrounding management and addresses items that will seriously impact our business. The company-wide Risk Management Committee chaired by the President & CEO is held annually to confirm material risks and decide how to respond to them including how to avoid them or how to mitigate impacts in case they occur.
Visit our website for details of our risk management. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/governance/risk-management/
In addition, with a correct recognition of the risks and opportunities arising from climate change, we assess their impact on our business strategy and conduct a scenario analysis to be used for formulating a future business strategy. Through the scenario analysis we verify the appropriateness of our current responses and identify the future issues.
The risks and opportunities related to climate change issues are recognized by sections responsible for each risk category, followed by the confirmation and assessment in the appropriate meeting as necessary, and then the response policy is discussed and determined.
   IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
      
    Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Climate Change Scenario, Impact on Main Operations, and Countermeasures
We assess and analyze the impact of risks and opportunities arising from climate change on our main operations: Electronics Operation and Ceramics Operation.
We evaluate impacts of transition risk and physical risk on our operations based on scenarios*1 and consider the countermeasures against them. The transition risk involves
Major risks and impacts on operations
risks and opportunities associated with changes in government policies, regulations, markets, and technologies caused by acceleration of the transition to a decarbonized society. The physical risk involves those related to rising temperature, environmental change, and an increase in natural disasters caused by climate change.
      Transition risks
Physical risks
Risks and opportunities
<Government policies and regulations>
Increases in carbon price and other relevant taxes
<Markets>
A sharp increase in procurement costs of raw materials
<Technologies>
Changes in demand for products and technologies to mitigate climate change
Intensification of meteorological disasters
Impacts
An increase in manufacturing costs due to an increase in carbon price and other energy related taxes 2
A global increase in procurement costs of some materials due to an increase in demand for metals and rare metals
A decrease in internal combustion engines for passenger vehicles due to rapid electrification in the passenger vehicle market
Suspension of supply of some raw materials due to local meteorological disasters
Countermeasures
Reduce our own emissions by developing low- carbon manufacturing technology
Ensure stable procurement by reinforcing supply chain resource management
Shift to the heavy commercial vehicle market, which is expected to grow even during the transition period
Develop and launch ceramic products for electric power and energy saving markets
Reinforce supply chain BCP for key materials by for example securing alternative manufacturing sites
      1 The followings are the major scenarios and reference data used for the analysis:
To conduct the transition risk analysis, we referred primarily to the 2°C Scenario (2DS) and the Reference Technology Scenario (RTS) from Energy Technology Perspectives (ETP) of the International Energy Agency (IEA). To conduct the physical risk analysis, we referred primarily to the Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs) 2.6 and 8.5 developed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (ICPP), together with the Climate Change Knowledge Portal (CCKP) of the World Bank.
2 Impact on manufacturing costs
The Group procures both electricity and fuel directly from suppliers. Should the carbon tax be assessed on fuel, the price of allowances under the EU’s Emissions Trading System (ETS) will be about 700 to 800 million yen based on the fact that our latest emissions are equivalent to about 140,000 t-CO2. On the other hand, if we have to pay allotted charges as a consideration for the purchased electricity, based on the latest electricity we bought (about 1,000 GWh per year on average), we have to pay about 1,000 million yen of charges assuming the charges of about 1 yen /kWh.
Metrics and Targets
In FY2020, we set the FY2030 target for the reduction of GHG emissions to achieve our Environmental Vision 2050.
     IBIDEN Group
Environmental Vision 2050
We aim for harmony with nature in order to mitigate the environmental burden from corporate activities, and to hand down the environment to future generations.
FY2030 Target
To reduce total emissions by 16% and
carbon intensity by 50% or more compared to FY2017.
FY2050 Target
To achieve net zero GHG emissions at the earliest possible stage by 2050.
In addition to existing energy-saving activities, we have promoted to use hydro-electric generation, solar electricity, and low-carbon energy. Going forward, we will take further steps to shift to low-carbon production processes and further expand the use of renewable energy in cooperation with our suppliers to create a production system capable to sustain our competitive advantage even after the transition to a decarbonized society.
In FY2021, we formed a dedicated division to supervise our energy-saving activities across the Group. To facilitate the future initiatives, we will consider introducing an internal carbon pricing system.
   Energy
Blessing Waste of water
Chemical substances
Four perspectives
Basic approach to achieving net zero GHG emissions
(Thousand t-CO2)
1,500 1,000 500 0 -500 -1,000
2020
Energy saving/renewable energy
 Reduce emissions
   2025
Change emissions
Capture emissions
2030 2035 2050
Emissions
Offsetting
 Visit our website for details of our environmental initiatives. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/environment/
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 28

 Value Creation
Growth Strategies for Operations Electronics
 Ratio of net sales by operation
51.3%
 Contributing to society through our operations
    President of PKG Operation
Koji KAWASHIMA
President of MLB Operation
Shinji MIYAZAKI
Diffusion of information technology has a great potential to enrich people’s lives further. Information and our daily lives are becoming more closely interconnected, and access to information communication technology (ICTs) are gaining more importance around the world. IBIDEN’s Electronics Operation supports communication technology such as data centers with highly functional and highly reliable IC package substrates and contributes to the realization of digital innovation of the world.
 Business Environment
Risks and Opportunities
 Risks and Opportunities
Impact on the Company
Risks
Opportunities
Sudden fluctuations in PC demand
Decrease in domestic working population
Expansion of ICTs
A sudden change to the product mix and order volume in response to changing demands of IC Package Substrate for PC
Shortage of human resources due to the declining working population caused by the declining birthrate and aging population in Japan
Increase in demand for finer cutting-edge, next-generation packages with high functionality, in which we excel, in line with market expansion in such areas as data centers and AI due to the spread of 5G and IoT
       Market Trends
Our Strengths
Technologies
Trusted relationship with customers
Manufacturing structure to meet strong demand
IC packaging substrate featuring high-functionality and high-reliability as well as high-function and high density printed wiring boards, which are realized by multilayering, refined wiring, and miniaturization through the multi-year experience
Sharing the future roadmap with the world’s leading customers
Aggressive investment on an unprecedented scale to increase high-quality, high- efficiency production capacity through the introduction of cutting-edge equipment
   Market of PC
Forecast Growth of PC Market due to Prevailing Remote Work and On-Line Education in the World
Market of Data Center
Maintain High Level Growth by Continuous Digitization and Cloud System in Business Activities
Market of High-end Smartphone
Show Negative Trend Currently and Predict Prospect for Growth in the Mid-and-Long Term Due to 5G Service Launch
       29 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
  
    In response to the strong demand for highly functional IC package substrates, we completed the phase two investment for mass production of cutting-edge IC package substrates as planned, successive to the phase one. We will increase the market share through an additional investment in the cutting-edge field with competitive advantage.
Taking a flexible response to the market change and the effective use of managerial resources into
consideration, we will select the manufacturing systems and product lineup, which we should focus on.
An exponential growth requires a large number of human resources. An environment in which diverse human resources can play active roles, an improvement in individual skill, and a more effective operation through DX enhance our productivity.
Results for FY2020 and Target
IC Package Substrates (PKG) Operation
Net sales increased from the previous year because demand for PKG for PCs was strong and the cutting- edge manufacturing facilities of PKG went into mass production in Ogaki Central Plant, as planned (phase one investment).
Motherboard and Printed Wiring Board (MLB)
Operation
The sales of modular substrates remained strong, but the sales to certain Chinese smartphone makers decreased due to the trade friction between the U.S. and China. As a result, net sales decreased compared to the previous fiscal year.
Net sales
¥166,070 million
(an increase of 25.6 % year-on-year)
Operating income
¥27,809 million
Operating Income (Billions of yen) 50
Introduction
Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
 Growth Strategy
 Phase 1 investment
Phase 2 investment
Additional investment (released in April 2021)
Location
Total Investment amount
Operation timing
Ogaki Central Plant (2nd Building) and Ogaki Plant
¥70 billion
Started operation in FY2019 sequentially to go into mass production in FY2020
Ogaki Central Plant (2nd Building), etc.
¥60 billion
Started operation from the end of FY2020 sequentially to go into mass production in FY2021 (plan)
Gama Plant
180 billion yen (planned)
Scheduled to start operation sequentially to go into mass production in FY2023 (plan)
     Net Sales (Billions of yen)
250
200 150 100
50
222.0
32.5 30
20
10
   115.9
132.1 14.8
2.5
166.0 27.8
40
   00 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY)
(Target)
  TOPICS Effectively utilizing diverse human resources
 Malaysian are tolerant of different cultures. IBIDEN Electronics Malaysia (IEM), the manufacturing site in Malaysia, has promoted reform based on the belief that maximizing the power of foreign workers is key to improving productivity.
Based on the fair recruitment and treatment in accordance with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct, we have structured a system where the foreign workers coming from outside of Malaysia can demonstrate their abilities. We aimed to build an environment in which they are highly motivated to work by taking a top-down approach to sharing our policies and target among every employee. The productivity and quality improved greatly because the whole IEM, led by the local employees, undertook restructuring.
 RBA: Responsible Business Alliance
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 30

 Value Creation
 Growth Strategies for Operations Ceramics
Contributing to society through our operations
 Ratio of net sales by operation
27.0%
   President of Ceramics Operation
Norihiko YAMAMURA
Aiming to create towns where people can continue to live their lives for generations, we must minimize the negative effects that our lives and activities have on the environment.
Currently, many countries are introducing tighter environmental regulations across the world, and the entire industrial world needs to contribute to the creation of a cleaner environment.
IBIDEN’s Ceramics Operation contributes to the improvement of air quality across the world through provision of diesel particulate filters (DPF) that purify exhaust gas, substrate holding mat (AFP) and SCR catalysts.
 Business Environment
Risks and Opportunities
 Risks and Opportunities
Impact on the Company
Risks
Opportunities
Electric passenger vehicle market
Strengthening of environmental regulations in emerging countries
Increase in populations of emerging countries
Decrease in DPF demand due to a decline in exhaust gas-related products and accelerated diffusion of EVs and hybrid vehicles
Increase in demand for ceramic products in large vehicle markets in developing countries due to stricter exhaust gas regulations and expansion of market scale
      Market Trends
Our Strengths
Technologies
Trusted relationship with customers
Global manufacturing system
Unique ceramics technologies driven by high-temperature sintering technology Sharing the future roadmap with the world’s leading customers
Supply system in the three regions of Japan (Asia), Europe and North America
  Passenger Car Market
Maintain a Given Number of Passenger Cars with Internal Combustion Engines
Medium & Heavy Commercial Vehicle Market
Expand Market against the Background of Emission Control in China and Emerging Countries
       31 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
 
   Introduction
Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
 Growth Strategy
In the DPF Operation, we are going to establish a system where we can sustain our business in the medium-to long-term and generate stable income. This is prompted by expanding the sales of the products for heavy commercial vehicles of which we expect demand will increase on the back of tighter control on emissions, especially in the emerging countries.
Results for FY2020 and Target
Diesel particulate filters (DPF)
As a result of the improved productivity of highly functional products as well as an increase in sales of products for heavy commercial vehicles which enjoy strong demand due to tightened emission control, both net sales and operating income rose from the previous year.
Substrate holding mats (AFP)
Given the recovery of the automobile market, especially in China, from the second quarter (July-September period), both net sales and operating income remained strong.
SCR Catalysts (SCR)
Net sales increased from the previous fiscal year due to a stable growth in the sales of stationery SCR catalysts used mainly at coal fired power plants and factories.
Graphite Specialty (FGM)
Net sales declined from the previous fiscal year due to a slowdown in the automobile and airline industries caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
In the AFP Operation, we will put the Ceramics Operation as a whole on a stable growth track by launching mass production at IBIDEN Fine Ceramics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. in the first half of FY2021 as planned to ensure to capture demand from the growing market.
  Net sales
¥87,355 million
(a decrease of 1.2% year-on-year)
Operating income
¥4,631 million
Operating Income (Billions of yen) 30
Net Sales (Billions of yen)
150
100
50
102.4
2.9
88.4
87.3 88.0 4.6
20
10
    00
2021 (FY) (Target)
2018 2019 2020
6.0
 -0.9
 TOPICS Started operation of a new manufacturing site in China
 IBIDEN Fine Ceramics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. successfully started operation in the first half of FY2021. This is our third integrated manufacturing plant following Kinuura Plant and IBIDEN Hungary Kft.
A Chinese new emission control enacted across the nation from 2021 is tighter than the existing European regulation. We expect the Chinese regulation will help boost demand of the high-functional sealing materials for the passenger vehicles, buses and trucks, despite the trend towards electrification.
We will enhance our production capacity and customer support in China, the world’s largest automobile market.
Ground-breaking ceremony of IBIDEN Fine Ceramics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.
 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 32

 Value Creation
 Growth Strategies for Operations Other
Contributing to society through our operations
 Ratio of net sales by operation
21.7%
 Construction
Our own and innovative technology, which is a fusion of slope facing technology and landscaping, contributes to create better symbiosis between human beings and the natural environment.
Housing Materials
To realize a safer and more secure living space, we contribute by providing high-performance products including antiviral coating material centered on melamine decorative laminates.
      Growth Strategy
We will ensure that the Other Operations will grow as the third pillar of revenue following the Electronics and Ceramics Operations by developing new products that meet customer needs, such as new products featuring
Results for FY2020 and Target
Construction
Although orders received for the power-generating plants showed resilient, a delay in some private construction projects and a decline in completed large-scale construction projects due to the spread of COVID-19 reduced the net sales compared to the previous fiscal year.
Housing Materials and Other Operations
Although net sales of antiviral melamine decorative laminates and related materials increased due to a rising awareness on anti-virus amid the spread of COVID-19, sales of petroleum products such as gasoline decreased driven by the lockdown. As a result, net sales decreased compared to the previous fiscal year.
each domestic group company’s unique competitive edge and antivirus products, as well as by enjoying stable earnings from the power generation business.
   Net sales
¥70,036 million
(a decrease of 7.1% year-on-year)
Operating income
¥6,550 million
Operating Income (Billions of yen)
Net Sales (Billions of yen) 150
30
20
10
100
50
72.6
75.4 5.8
70.0 6.5
70.0 6.5
    33 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
4.6
00
 2018 2019
2020 2021 (FY) (Target)
 
 Introduction Value Creation ESG Management
Growth Strategies for Operations R&D
Contributing to society through our operations
Application of Technologies to Solve New Social Issues
Financial and Corporate Data
    President of R&D Operation
Sotaro ITO
The Company has leveraged the accumulated technologies to produce the products which can serve to solving social issues and achieved high growth. We are striving to create new value even in the underlying drastic change.
For example, the SDGs of “Greater adoption of clean and environmentally sound technologies and industrial processes” is one of the important themes for the manufacturing industry to pursue in improving sustainability. We are continuously working on the development of a wide variety of products and materials by utilizing our core technologies to help realize a low carbon/ decarbonized society as a countermeasure against climate change.
 We established four development centers in FY2017, and we have been working on the research and development of new products that aim to resolve social issues and reflect customers’ needs by utilizing our existing core technologies.
We dissolved the development centers which paved the way for development, launching two internal projects, one for biomaterial products and the other for next-
Target Field and Development concept
In the Ceramics Operation, which is facing a drastic market change, our efforts to develop new products will focus on the NEV (new energy vehicle) field including materials for electric vehicles and the emerging Green Transformation (GX) field including decarbonization technologies to solve climate change issues, while reinforcing our mainstay electronics business with next generation IC package substrates and other products.
To accelerate the processes of development, market launch, and mass production in view of future customer needs and social issues, we will establish a development
For Further Creation of Innovation
We believe that it is essential for us to not only utilize internal resources but also collaborate with external bodies to create further innovation. We are building partnerships with various organizations and proactively promoting open innovation that will help solve various issues by combining the technology and knowledge possessed by different fields.
generation mobility products. Currently, these projects are transferred to a group company and the Company’s business section, respectively, to be commercialized for business expansion.
Going forward, in light of social change, we work to develop the products which contribute to solving social issues, leveraging our core technologies.
    NEV • EV Field
Component
Manufacturing Innovation
Marketing
New Field
• Next-Generation Substrate • Equipment Component
• DX SPEC
Electronics Field
Intellectual Property Strategy
system, which integrates marketing, intellectual property, and innovative manufacturing.
In addition, we will pursue the possibility of promoting innovation inside the Company by, for example, encouraging the development of internal venture projects.
In FY2020, we newly joined the NAGOYA Movement, a program hosted by Nagoya City to support match-ups between start-ups and operating companies and subsequent business incubation.
• Carbon-Free Technology
• GX SPEC
 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 34
   
ESG Management
Harmony with Nature
 Basic Approach
We conduct the environmental load reduction activity with all concerned people under IBIDEN way. By doing so, we strive to solve environmental challenges through our business operation and, in our capacity as a company, aggressively promote improvements in the environment for the next generation, with the ultimate goal of creating harmony with the global environment and building an enriched society.
 Use of clean energy
Refer to page 27-28 for details on the Environment Strategy / Response to Climate Change
Blessings from Our Ancestors with Hydroelectric
Power Generation
Hydraulic power generation is clean energy without greenhouse gas emissions. IBIDEN has owned and operated hydraulic power generation plants since our foundation, and currently operates three facilities located at the upstream section of Ibigawa River in Gifu Prefecture (27.90MW in total).
Contribution to Expansion of the Renewable
Energy Market by the Power Generation Business
Our Group company, IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd. has a track record in many power generation projects ranging from equipment for hydroelectric power plants and power substations to systems for solar power generation plants and small hydroelectric power plants, through an integrated approach, in which its business includes design proposal, construction and maintenance.
We will continue to promote business solutions for energy problems within and beyond the Group.
Water floating solar power generation plant (Certificated output:1.99MW)
Chemical Control
A variety of chemical substances are used in the manufacturing process in the Group. They may cause environmental pollution or pose health hazards to humans. It is a great responsibility for businesses to properly manage chemical substances to secure product safety, reduce environmental burdens, and promote occupational safety. Regarding chemical substances, the laws and regulations of each country, including the REACH Regulations and the RoHS Directive, as well as the standards demanded by our customers, are becoming increasingly stringent.
To prevent risks caused by chemical substances, we are working to properly manage chemical substances throughout the entire supply chain by identifying substances whose use should be eliminated or reduced in the Green Procurement Guidelines.
Visit our website for details of our environmental data. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/data/environment/
   Higashi-Yokoyama Power Plant
Low Carbon Energy by In-house Power
Generation
IBIDEN installed a highly energy efficient in-house power generation gas cogeneration system to generate low carbon energy.
Moreover, we install solar power generation equipment in each plant to generate renewable energy. In the future, we aim to establish a system whereby each plant is connected to our own power grid so that privately generated electricity
can be optimally
supplied in accordance
with demand between
each plant.
Gas engine cogeneration system
Visit our website for details of our environmental initiatives. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/environment/
    35 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
      
     Harmony with Nature Our recognition of SDGs issues
Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
    We will contribute to the supply of renewable energy including hydroelectric power generation, which is the origin of our business and solar power generation.
We will reduce environmental loads from the whole supply chain by properly managing the harmful chemical substances. We will reduce the environmental effect within our operational process. (reduction in water usage and waste)
We will contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions through our products and business.
    Blessing of water
A large amount of water resources is used in the manufacturing process of electronic products, particularly for cleansing. Ogaki City in Gifu Prefecture, where our domestic production bases are concentrated, is rich in underground water thanks to the Ibigawa River system. However, water shortages are a serious problem in the world today.
We carry out risk assessment of water resources in-house by referring to data released by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and other data, and we have thus identified IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as our Group companies with a high water resource risk. IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing), which uses particularly large amounts of water, has been increasing the use of recycled water inside its industrial park since fiscal year 2012. As a result of such efforts, the ratio of water recycling has been maintained at over 90%.
Resource Circulating Activities
IBIDEN believes that it is an important responsibility of businesses to make effective use of the world’s scarce resources and to take part in a global effort to conserve resources. We promote the so-called 3R activity, which consists of initiatives to Reduce, Reuse and Recycle the resources we consume. In doing so, we aim to improve the resources efficiency.
Currently, each plant and Group companies are working on sorting out and recycling wastes. Together with improved production efficiency, we set a goal of reducing the waste basic unit by 5% in our Medium-Term Management Plan.
 TOPICS Initiatives IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing) Co., Ltd. takes to comply with the environmental regulations
 Beijing City has tightened its gas emission standard significantly, and IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing) Co., Ltd. has been named as a company subject to the regulation.
As a countermeasure, we checked all facilities in the factory to drive a thorough emission improvement measure on our manufacturing facilities such as leak prevention by sealing liquid medicament tank. As a result, we succeeded in a material reduction in emission (down by around 80 to 90%) and obtained a certificate as a green company from Beijing City in April 2020. The emission reduction also improved the factory environment such as odor, which raised employee satisfaction.
  Environmental Contribution through Business and Products
Our automobile exhaust parts contribute to realizing cleaner air by reducing particulate matter in emission gas. We will continue to develop high-efficiency and high- function intake and exhaust systems based on our ceramic molding and sintering technology which aim for cleaner emissions.
Our Group company, IBIDEN Greentec Co., Ltd. continues to provide new construction methods that
achieve both disaster prevention and environmental protection, such as the “Totally Green” method.
IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd. engages in the construction and maintenance of the renewable energy facilities.
  Slope constructed using the GT frame®
Solar power generation equipment
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 36

 ESG Management
Human Resource Development
 Basic Approach
Employees are the driving force that enables us to run our business and provide the public with valued service. We aim to create vibrant workplaces in which each individual employee derives a sense of satisfaction and achievement from gaining a thorough understanding of the Company’s management policies and business strategies, and from having a role to play that enables each employee to contribute to both the Company and society.
For the development of human resources which is one of the pillars of our Medium-Term Management Plan, we have been implementing five measures of (1) Creation of environment in which diverse employees can play active roles as part of the work style reform to achieve a good work-life balance.; (2) Productivity improvement; (3) IT utilization; (4) Human resource training system; and (5) Thorough working hour management.
 Creation of Environment in which Diverse Employees Can Play Active Roles
Our Group aims to realize a work environment and climate in which diverse human resources can exercise their individual abilities and can feel reasons for living and job satisfaction amidst a trend of advancing globalization and diversification of values.
Female Advancement
The Company launched an initiative called Act on Promotion for Women’s Empowerment in FY2017, and has been promoting activities to achieve a goal of having at least five female managers (i.e. middle manager and above). As a result, we achieved the goal in April 2021.
The number of female managers and candidates is steadily increasing.
Acquisition of Childcare Leave and other related
leave by Male Employees
Due to the efforts we made to enhance and promote the worklife balance support system, more male employees are proactively participating in child rearing and becoming aware of the importance of the balance between work and personal life. In FY2020, the acquisition rate of childcare leave and the average number of days for childcare leave taken by male employees are as follows.
 April 2016
April 2021
 FY2020
Division manager level
Middle manager level
Junior manager level
Scope: IBIDEN Co., Ltd. 0 2
0 3
3 15
Rate of employees taking childcare leave and other related leave 1 by male employees Average number of days of childcare leave 2 taken by male employees
Scope: IBIDEN Co., Ltd. 91%
56 days
     1 “Childcare leave and other related leave” refers to childcare leave and special leave for childbirth that can be taken for the purpose of rearing a child up to one year of age. Both types of leave apply to both male and female employees.
2 It is a statutory childcare leave system, and the acquisition rate of childcare leave taken by male employee is 17%.
Skill Development for Persons with Disabilities
In April 2019, IBIDEN OASIS Co., Ltd. was certified as a special subsidiary company, and started its operation. In addition to its basic operations of environmental maintenance in the IBIDEN Group plants, the company made efforts in FY2020 to develop new skills by receiving orders of agricultural work from outside of the Group and creating original goods.
  Renewed target
Term: Five years from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2026
To promote at least 10 female employees to a managerial position
 TOPICS Acquisition of “Platinum Kurumin” Certification
 In September 2020, IBIDEN was certified as Platinum Kurumin as the first private firm located in Gifu Prefecture.
Under the Act on Advancement of
Measures to Support Raising Next-
Generation Children, Ministry of Health,
Labour and Welfare authorizes the companies that are actively supporting work and childcare balance as Kurumin certified companies. Platinum Kurumin is a special authorization awarded to the selective Kurumin certified companies that meet the higher standard. Especially, they recognized the following aspects: childcare leave taken by male employees, activities to promote women’s active participation in the workplace, and initiatives for working hour management are recognized. All of them resulted in winning the certification.
  37 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
  
     Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Human Resource Development Our recognition of SDGs issues
  We aim to realize a work environment where diverse human resources, including female employees, people with disabilities and foreign workers, can exercise their abilities, thereby creating an active corporate culture.
By utilizing IT tools and taking other measures to achieve efficiency, we will realize both rewarding work for employees and high productivity.
We will foster a corporate culture that minimizes risks for employees and negative impact on their health, and gives priority to safety.
  Senior Employees Playing Active Roles
In response to an increase in senior employees and changes of the social environment in Japan, we introduced a system to extend the mandatory retirement age to 65 from FY2020. We also established a reward system based on the employees’ roles and achievements to keep them motivated and encourage them to play an active role. In April 2021, we also established a division to perform jigs and tools maintenance with a view to expand the workplace
where senior employees can demonstrate their skills.
Support for Junior Employee Retention
In a bid to support new employees in becoming a part of their assigned workplaces and contributing to the company early on in their careers, we have established a mentor system in which senior members around new employees in the workplace support them. Under this system, new employees appoint senior members as their own mentors. The mentors then provide their mentees with advice on how to arrange their work and on their specialized fields, help the mentees cooperate with other divisions and departments, and listen to the mentees when
they seek advice on a variety of matters, whether job related or otherwise, thereby supporting every new employee in starting his/her career development.
   Productivity Improvement and IT Utilization
We promote the use of IT technology aggressively to keep competitive advantage continuously. At Ogaki Central Plant where high-function IC package substrates are put into mass production, we use ICT to network all equipment information to maximize production efficiency, stabilize and enhance product quality, and reduce cost. Advanced data analysis driven by accumulating various data from facility abnormality to quality information and processing information helps accelerate an improvement.
We facilitate to digitalize the operational process in functional departments by introducing a system to approve without Inkan (a personal stamp used instead of signature in Japan) and RPA*. Such initiatives help to
Human Resource Training System
The Company has established Systematic human resource training systems in an effort to develop the human resources necessary to accurately grasp changes in the business environment and create new products and technologies.
Specifically, we implement standardized education across the Company (stratified training programs by age group and by job grade) and provide specialized education for selected personnel based on our basic education and training structure. The training programs by age group were completely revised from life plan-based training to career plan-based training in line with changes in our times such as the extension of the mandatory retirement age to 65, while in specialized education, we opened the Human Resource Development Center in 2017. Following the integration of the Center into the Human Resources Division in April 2021, systems are in place
Visit our website for details of our human resource management. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/social/talent-management/
enhance efficiency by creating an environment that
enables to keep the operation safe while working remotely
even in the spread of COVID-19.
RPA: Robotic Process Automation
(RPA is a technology to automate routine computer tasks with software robot)
Smart manufacturing system
for conducting the education of personnel capable of underpinning manufacturing operations, in a manner consistent with the company’s personnel strategy.
We also focus on the development of personnel who can flourish globally by promoting not only foreign language but also cross-cultural communication training programs.
Fundamental training on facilities
    IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 38

 ESG Management
 Human Resource Development
 Through Work Hour Management
In Japan, rectifying the practice of long work hours has become one of the important issues to be addressed. Even though laws and regulations relating to work hours have been tightened, mental illness and occupational accidents caused by long work hours have become a serious problem, and companies are being asked to further efforts to rectify the practice.
IBIDEN and its Group companies in Japan set a goal of reducing the average annual work hours per employee to less than 2,000 hours. Based on this goal, presidents of Operations established their policies on work hours and
Respect for Human Rights
Respect for Worker Rights and Human Rights
Education
The IBIDEN Group clarifies in the IBIDEN Standards for Employee Behavior our respect for the basic rights of workers as internationally declared and that we will not aid in the infringement of human rights including the use of any form of forced or involuntary labor or child labor.
We provide training on fair employment and human rights to those in charge of labor affairs management as well as staff members and managers in charge of hiring while striving to keep all employees well-informed on workers’ rights through our Standards for Employee Behavior.
In Japan, we provide managers and employees with human rights-related training programs in efforts to prevent any form of abuse of power. Our manager training programs teach participants things they should know and practice as managers, including daily communication skills, responses when being consulted by staff members and the handling of information.
heads of departments set their targets, and are tracking progress toward those targets. Measures to encourage employees to take annual paid holidays and reduce overtime are also being taken. As a result of these measures, labor management has become more complicated.
To make managers better able to handle the complex labor management processes, we provide them with necessary training and make sure that all of them understand the processes.
Human Rights Due Diligence
We believe it is important to work on the issue of human rights with the entire supply chain and thus cooperate with our direct suppliers in dealing with such issues.
We periodically undergo
formal audits by the industry
coalition RBA at our bases
mainly for the electronics business. In August 2021, IBIDEN Philippines, Inc. was recognized as a “Factory of Choice,” a certification recognizing a company that strives to comply with the RBA Code of Conduct and fulfill its social responsibilities at a high level.
   Measures for Occupational Health and Safety
We conduct the health and safety activity done with all concerned people under IBIDEN WAY, and aim to harmonize “operation” and “health and safety” with the fundamental rule to minimize the risk that may affect the life and health of person participating to IBIDEN’s operations.
Strengthening Activity for Zero Occupational
Accidents
Focusing on “Reducing the number of recurrences of occupational accidents to zero,” and “Preventing new occupational accidents” as pillars of our activities, we are working on occupational health and safety activities to enable all employees to work with high spirits and establish a safe and comfortable workplace across the IBIDEN Group, with employee awareness of the “Safety First” policy.
The occupational accident frequency rate of the Company and group companies in Japan stands at 0.71, which is lower than the average in the all industry throughout Japan, and the number of work-related accidents in our Group from fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2020 is trending downward. With a view to further reducing occupational accidents, we are making an effort to strengthen our management so as to prevent similar
Visit our website for details of our human resource management. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/social/talent-management/
accidents from occurring by analyzing the causes and true reasons of past accidents, and by taking the necessary recurrence prevention measures.
Care for health and safety of employee in
response to COVID-19
The Group created a task force and also opened a COVID-19 hotline (by phone and E-mail) to provide employees and their families with a 24-hour consultation service.
In addition, in response to a new way of working, we have started to prepare working rules on teleworking, established network environment promptly, and implemented a working time monitoring system. As a result, the managerial staff and the employees in functional departments are able to work from home flexibly, while performing an accurate work management.
Visit our website for details of our social data. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/data/social/
  39 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021

  Introduction
Promoting Health and Productivity Management
Our group believes that the physical and mental health of each and every employee constitutes the basis for supporting the Group’s competitiveness, and actively helps employees maintain good health.
Having established, as a promoting structure, the Health Subcommittee, which consists of the Health Management Promotion Center (industrial physicians, public health Nurses), Labor Union, Health Insurance Society, Environment, Health and Safety Division, Human Resources Division, and full-time staff for health promotion at plants, the Group actively provides employees with information for and raise their awareness of their health promotion and management.
As measures to support employees’ mental health, the employees, workplaces, the Health Management Promotion Center, and Human Resources respectively play their roles, and use external resources for the prevention and treatment of mental health issues.
Registered trademark of the Workshop for the Management of Health on Company and Employee
Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Acquired Recognition for “the Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding
Organization – White 500”
We were again certified as the Health &
Productivity Management Outstanding
Organization for 2021. In the program,
the Ministry of Economy, Trade and
Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi
recognize outstanding enterprises
engaging in efforts for health and productivity management.
Our activities to encourage employees to get into the habit of exercising by joining walking events, etc. and the excellent support system of our Health Management Promotion Center were highly evaluated.
IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd. IBIDEN Bussan Co., Ltd.
TAK Co., Ltd.
IBIDEN Jushi Co., Ltd. IBIDEN Industries Co., Ltd.
Top 500 enterprises certified in the Large Enterprise Category
  Large Enterprise Category
Small and Medium Enterprise Category
 White 500
IBIDEN Co., Ltd.
   With Respect for Both Individuals and the Global Environment Relationship with the Society
Partnership with the Local Government in
Preparation for the Occurrence of Disasters
In November 2020, IBIDEN signed an agreement with Ogaki City to allow the city to use its private water supply sources upon request from the city, should an earthquake or other natural disaster hit the local areas, creating the need to help affected citizens or otherwise to take emergency measures. We also have an agreement to make our gymnasium available for use as a shelter during disasters subject to a request from the city. As another form of cooperation, we have a system in place for opening a part of the parking space for our employees for use as an evacuation site.
Agreement Signing Ceremony
Visit our website for details of our social contribution activities. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/social/contribution/
Support our stakeholders amid the spread of
COVID-19
With an aim to contribute to the health and safety of our stakeholders, the Company donated face masks, hand soap, and mouthwash to the communities that the Company and the Group companies engage with in Japan.
In overseas countries, we donated face masks and gloves to the hospitals and municipalities, while we donated computers to support the students who are difficult to study online with personal computers.
IBIDEN Electronics Malaysia SDN. BHD donated PCs.
   IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 40

 ESG Management
 Supply Chain Management
  To earn the trust of international community while operating business globally, both the Group and the entire supply chain must responsibly take actions that respond to social demands.
Contributing SDGs
 Basic Approach
 Basic Procurement Policy
1 We will comply with laws, regulations and customs and build relationships based on mutual cooperation and trust with suppliers.
2 We will offer fair trading opportunities to suppliers.
3 We will fulfill our human rights, environmental and other social responsibilities
through our procurement activities.
IBIDEN Group Supplier CSR Guidelines
In 2009, we issued the IBIDEN Group Green Procurement Guidelines, which stipulated the rules to procure the parts and raw materials that are low environmental burden. Also in 2011, we published the IBIDEN Group Supplier CSR Guidelines (hereinafter “CSR Guidelines”), which laid out
Measures for Supply Chain Management
Communication and Cooperation with Supplier
We conduct CSR surveys for suppliers to check the actual situation of suppliers and promote improvements. If deemed necessary for any of the suppliers to improve on any important items, we conduct audits and site visits to confirm the status and request that such supplier make corrections and improvements as needed. We ask new suppliers to pledge to comply with the CSR Guidelines, and check the status of ethical efforts including labor, environment, safety and anti-corruption of suppliers using the CSR survey before commencing business transactions.
Our supply chain management is not limited to the suppliers from whom we procure materials, but extends
the requirements on labor, health and safety, environmental protection, ethics and fair business practices for the entire supply chain including risk of human-rights abuse such as forced labor, fraud prevention, and green procurement.
to our contractors and staffing companies. To ensure the soundness of the supply chain, we periodically share information through personal interviews and confirm the current status in cooperation with our suppliers.
Suppliers’ Compliance Counter
We set up a “compliance counter” for our suppliers to which suppliers can report any compliance problem while dealing with the Company. As with the compliance counter for our internal employees, information will be handled with the utmost care for privacy and the supplier will never suffer prejudicial treatment for contacting the counter.
  Responsible Sourcing of Resources (Conflict Minerals )
The Group is very concerned about the issue of responsible sourcing of conflict minerals and is addressing the situation with a sense of social responsibility toward the products it offers. Our “CSR Guidelines” clearly state that the suppliers should refrain from illegal mining in conflict areas as well as procuring resources that may support human rights violations.
Visit our website for details of our supply chain management https://www.ibiden.com/esg/social/suppliers/
The Company tries its best to avoid contributing to illegal operations and human rights violations by not utilizing minerals illegally mined in conflict areas. Furthermore, we will conduct reasonable investigations into the mineral supply routes and disclose the findings in
good faith.
The targets are tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold, and cobalt.
 41 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
   
     Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Quality Management
 Basic Approach
By consistently developing cutting-edge technologies, IBIDEN contributes to the creation of a comfortable IT society as well as a society where cars and nature coexist through the proposal and supply of high-value-added products. Based on its “customer first” policy, the Group meets the needs of customers through unique technologies and designs that take into account the global environment. We understand that our greatest mission is to consistently supply safe and reliable products.
 The Basic Policy for the Quality
Electronics
Ceramics
Based on the concept of quality first, we will achieve customer satisfaction by clearly grasping customer needs and producing and providing reliable products through IBI-TECHNO.
Through IBI-TECHNO, we will incorporate customers’ real and potential needs and add values to such needs while striving to provide moving experiences to customers through our product making, which continually gives top priority to quality.
 IBIDEN Management System “IMS”
IBIDEN globally adopts the IBIDEN Management System (IMS) which aims to continuously improve the Group’s business competitiveness and customer satisfaction level. Based on quality management systems ISO9001 and IATF16949, we integrated environment management system ISO14001, occupational health and safety management system ISO45001, and corporate management systems to improve the quality of every single operation process. We will continue to build and operate systems that allow us to provide high quality products globally so that we can offer products and services exceeding the expectations of society and our customers.
TOPICS ISO Multi-site Certification
Measures to improve quality
IBIDEN is striving to contribute to society and customers through product quality. We hold design review meetings and quality assurance meetings at each process phase from development of cutting-edge technologies, product planning, and to mass production in order to check the design and specification. To improve quality further, we offer guidance and audits, including assessment by the president, at workplaces in Japan and overseas and group companies on quality improvement. In addition, we also provide support and guidance to our suppliers for the purpose of quality improvement.
 So far, the Group has acquired management certification at each site globally. However, to establish the management system with the same quality level at each site around the world, we are working to obtain multi-site certification. In FY2020, five domestic and overseas sites are simultaneously examined, and then obtained several multi-site certifications, including ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO45001, and IATF16949, which demonstrates our unified management system is effective, including overseas sites. (Examination period: January 2021 to March 2021)
Going forward, we will expand the number of applicable sites, leveraging the unified management system as a company operating globally.
1 Including the Group companies operating within IBIDEN plants such as IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd. (water treatment), IBIDEN Chemical Co., Ltd, IBIDEN Graphite Co., Ltd., and IBIKEN CO., LTD. (construction painting)
2 Some of them are expected to be certified in FY2021.
 Status of certification
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. 1
 IBIDEN Philippines Inc.
 IBIDEN Electronics Malaysia
 IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing)
 IBIDEN Graphite Korea Co., Ltd.
 IBIDEN Hungary Kft.
 Micro- Mech,Inc.
 IBIDEN Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 2
 Certified in FY2020
 Certified in FY2020
 Expected to be certified in FY2021
 Plan to apply in FY2022 onward
 Certified in FY2020
 Certified in FY2020
 Expected to be certified in FY2021
 Certified in FY2020
   IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 42

 ESG Management
Corporate Governance
 Basic Views
The Group considers corporate governance to be a key management mechanism for transparent, fair, prompt and resolute decision-making, and all Group companies are thus actively committed to improving corporate governance. As part of our Group’s corporate governance, we are enhancing internal control by proactively undertaking activities to advance compliance and risk management and we are expanding/
strengthening the management oversight functions of our board of directors and the audit functions of our Audit and Supervisory Committee Members. These steps will enable us to construct a transparent corporate governance system worthy of the trust of shareholders and other stakeholders and fulfill our corporate social responsibilities, and will help us improve our corporate value through sustained growth.
 Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
The Company has adopted the organizational form of a company with Audit and Supervisory Committee. To ensure fair and transparent company management, six (6) Outside Directors attend Board of Directors meetings and there provide advice on company management. For fair and transparent procedures applied to nominate these Outside Directors and to determine their compensation, the Company has voluntarily established Nomination/ Remuneration Committee.
An Executive Officer System has been introduced to permit rapid management decision-making and quicker
Chart of IBIDEN Group’s Internal Control System
execution of operations, which can clarify each role for Executive Directors and Senior Executive Directors and can get the right person in the right place with flexibility and mobility. The Audit and Supervisory Committee has also been given robust check-and-balance functions to help them monitor decision-making by the Board of Directors and the execution of operations by representative Directors.
 Appointment/ Dismissa
Accounting Audit
Appointment/Dismissal Report
Proposal/Report
Appointment/ Dismissal
Report/ Statement of Opinion
General Meetings of Shareholders
 Board of Directors
Audit,etc.
     Accounting Auditors
Cooperation Appointment,
Inquiry/
Report Supervision
Dismissal/
Audit and Supervisory Committee
      Audit,etc.
 Nomination/Remuneration Committee
Proposal/ Report
Cooperation
   Management Council
      Risk Management Company-wide Promotion Committee
  43 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Compliance Company-wide Promotion Committee
President & CEO
Direction/ Report Supervision
Internal Audit
  Each Operation, Administrative Division and Group Company
Internal Audit Group
    
  Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
 Posting of Information on Securing Independent Directors
Our company adopts a principle of ensuring that outside directors account for one-third or more of the Board of Directors so that they can contribute to appropriate corporate governance at the Company and offer advice on our standards of conduct. The Company has determined that Mr. Yamaguchi, Mr. Mita and Ms. Asai as Outside Directors and Mr. Kato, Mr. Horie and Ms. Yabu
as Outside Audit and Supervisory Committee Members present no potential conflict of interest with general shareholders and, convinced that we can count on them to contribute to appropriate corporate governance at the Company and to offer advice on our standards of conduct, we have assigned them as Independent Directors.
Ratio of Outside Directors · Independent Directors (As of June 18, 2021)
   Independent Directors
50% (6 persons)
Board of Directors (12 persons)
Independent Directors
60% (3 persons)
Audit and Supervisory Committee (5 persons)
Independent Directors
60% (3 persons)
Nomination/ Remuneration Committee (5 persons)
 Toward Strengthening Corporate Governance
Against this backdrop, in 2017, we transitioned to a Company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee with the aim of streamlining management, accelerating decision-making, and reinforcing supervisory function. Concurrently, we increased the number of Outside Director, and since then, have worked to strengthen the supervisory function of the Board of Directors by keeping
History of Corporate Governance Enhancement
2016
9 persons
2 persons
2 persons
2 persons
0 person
Started analysis and evaluation (self-evaluation)
the ratio of Outside Directors, while taking diversity among the directors into consideration.
Moreover, we considered the further acceleration of decision-making and execution speed as necessary for maintaining and increasing our competitiveness. Accordingly, as of April 1, 2020, we streamlined the structure of our executive system.
2017 2020 June 2021
Shift from a Company with a Board of Auditors to Company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee
Discontinuation of Executive Officer position
  Institutional Design
 Executive system
  Directors
(From FY2017 and later, Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members)
  Board of Directors
Inside
Outside
  Audit & Supervisory
Committee Member (Auditors in FY 2016)
Inside
 Outside
 Of which female Directors
 Evaluation of Effectiveness of Board of Directors
 Compensation of the Senior Management and Directors
    Reduction to 4 Corporate Directors Increase to 3 Outside Directors
     Increase to 3 Outside Directors
Increase to 1 Director
Increase to 2 Directors
     (third-party evaluation)
 Introduction of a New Stock Compensation Plan
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 44

 ESG Management
 Corporate Governance
 Evaluation of Effectiveness of Board of Directors
The Company conducts annual analysis and evaluation on the effectiveness of the Board of Directors to improve the function of the overall board.
Process
Questionnaire survey of all directors, including Outside Directors
Analysis and evaluation involving third-party organizations
Discussion in the Board of Directors
Continuous efforts to solve the findings
    Challenges and Issues Recognized and Further Company Actions
  Challenges and Issues
All the IBIDEN companies including affiliated and subsidiary companies should be amply supervised and monitored at the point of establishment and management of the internal control system.
Dialogues with shareholders and inverters should be sufficiently fed back to Board of Directors.
Policy on Cross-Shareholding
From a medium-to long-term views to improve corporate value, we evaluate whether the shares held for the purpose of strategic investment should be kept in light of the importance to our business strategy and strengthening business alliances on an individual basis. Subsequently, we sell the shares deemed unnecessary to reduce cross-shareholding.
Transition of Cross-Shareholdings (Non-consolidated)
Further Company Actions
The Company has governance management to the worldwide affiliated and subsidiary companies by Strategic Corporate Planning Operation, which functions amply. Furthermore, we will examine establishment of a full-time organization if necessary when they expand their business.
The Company intends to report and share all the questions and answers in IR Meeting and summaries in engagement activities and individual dialogues to Board of Directors.
     Total Number of Stocks 60
53
36,562
7.7
53
41,464
10.2
55 54 50 49
Furthermore, the Board of Directors annually reviews the risk and benefit associated with the listed shares held for the purpose of strategic investment, as well as the profitability based on our capital cost. When the shares deemed necessary to continue to be held, the Company discloses the purpose of them in the securities reports.
 FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
 Recorded amount in balance sheet
Ratio in consolidated total assets
(million yen) 49,801
(%) 9.6
49,985 37,509 33,026
66,431
 11.4 8.7 6.4 11.5
 45 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021

  Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Compensation of the Senior Management and Directors
Based on the corporate philosophy, the Company has designed its officers’ compensation system in a way that clarifies management responsibilities while also providing an incentive toward improving our corporate value over the medium-to- long term through sustained growth.
The remuneration for the Company’s Corporate Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee
Members and Senior Executive Officers
It comprises (1) a fixed monthly remuneration, (2) bonuses, as - 3 - performance-linked remuneration, and (3) stock compensation, at a ratio of roughly 50%, 35%, and 15%, respectively.
 Basic policy on compensation configuration (Company’s Corporate Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members)
Fixed remuneration
Performance-linked remuneration
<Senior Executive Officers>
Monthly remuneration
The monthly remuneration for Senior Executive Officers is calculated based on the remuneration table provided in internal regulations according to their job positions, with broad consideration to the suitable balance with Corporate Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members, evaluation of their individual job performance, and external remuneration survey data. The Board of Directors has resolved to entrust the determination of such remuneration to President & CEO in accordance with deliberations and reports by the Nomination/Remuneration Committee.
Bonus
Bonuses are calculated based on the degree of contribution to the Company’s operating results made by each Senior Executive Officer, and the Board of Directors has resolved to entrust the determination of such bonuses to President & CEO in accordance with deliberations and reports by the Nomination/Remuneration Committee.
   Basic remuneration (50%)
  Short term
Bonus (35%)
  Medium-to long term
Sharebased payment (15%)
<Company’s Corporate Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members>
Monthly remuneration
The monthly remuneration for Corporate Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members is calculated within the limits approved by the general meeting of shareholders, based on the remuneration table provided in the internal regulations according to their job positions, with broad consideration to their job responsibilities and external remuneration survey data, among others. The Board of Directors has resolved to subsequently re-entrust the determination of such remuneration to President & CEO, who is best qualified to make a comprehensive assessment of each recipient including their job performance, in accordance with deliberations and reports by the Nomination/ Remuneration Committee on individual payment amounts.
Bonus
Bonuses are paid in cash once a year after the end of each fiscal year within the scope of a total amount based on a prescribed formula approved by the general meeting of shareholders.
Outside Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members and Members of the Audit and
Supervisory Committee
Outside Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members and Members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, being in positions independent of the execution of operations, are only paid fixed remuneration of a certain amount within the limits approved by the general meeting of shareholders.
Amount of compensation, etc., of Directors (FY2020)
(Millions of yen)
155 71
 Position
Number of recipients (persons)
Total remuneration paid
Total amount of remuneration by type
 Basic remuneration
 Bonus
 Sharebased payment
Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committe Members
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committe Members
Directors
Outside Directors Directors
Outside Directors
4 411 185
4 36 36 2 68 68
3 36 36
    Subtotal
  8
  447
  221
  155
  71
                5
105
105
      These figures are rounded down to nearest million yen.
Total
Subtotal
  13
552
326
155
71
      IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 46

 ESG Management
 Messages from Outside Directors
 Amid a rapidly changing business environment, I will engage in active discussions at Board of Directors meetings by for example raising issues and providing advice that will contribute to sustainable growth, from an independent perspective as the holder of Ph.D. in Economics and through the utilization of the knowledge I have acquired on the frontline of manufacturing.
Noriko ASAI
Outside Director
As Chairman of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, I will share information with each Committee member, initiate discussions aimed at ensuring the Company thrives, and continue to supervise and audit the Board of Directors to ensure that it operates appropriately.
Fumio KATO
Outside Director, Outside Member of Audit and Supervisory Committee, Chairman of Audit and Supervisory Committee
    47 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
 The Nomination/Remuneration Committee will discuss how to create a structure and culture that will enable the Company to achieve persistent growth and make choices that are in the long-term interests of stakeholders.
Chiaki YAMAGUCHI
Outside Director, Chairman of Nomination / Remuneration Committee
     
  Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
 Outside Directors make up the majority of the Nomination/ Remuneration Committee membership, making it a highly transparent and independent body. As the chairman, I strive to administer the Committee in such a way that the agenda items are actively and appropriately considered and discussed at every meeting.
The Company has established an Executive Officer System to create a pool of candidates for executive posts. As such, it is endeavoring to develop human resources. Human resources are the driving force for further growth, and the role of leaders is of particular importance. I would like to encourage the creation of a mechanism whereby efforts and results are fully rewarded. As for the question of who the right people to lead the Company’s development on a permanent basis are, I will respect the judgment of those on the execution side, as they know the business well, but as an Outside Director, I will also
place particular emphasis on looking at changes in the environment, examining matters from a social perspective, and verifying the situation from the standpoint of shareholders.
The Company has a long history of surmounting huge waves over and over again, and the IBIDEN WAY embodies this history. I would like to see the Company grow strong yet nimble by constantly endeavoring to apply the IBIDEN WAY to its day-to-day business. These days, matters such as the environment and human rights must be given a high level of consideration, so I would like to benefit shareholders by making use of my own experience in international business and corporate management, as well as by sharpening my good judgement and common sense, to provide candid advice to executive personnel.
 The Company’s business environment is changing at an extremely fast pace. To respond to the trust of its stakeholders, the Company is working on reforms. In terms of governance, in addition to making changes to institutional design, it has streamlined the executive system to realize a business execution structure conducive to flexible action based on transparent and fair decision-making. Outside Directors, meanwhile, are engaged in active discussions from diverse perspectives based on their diverse backgrounds.
The Company’s original business was hydroelectric power generation, and supported by the expectations and aspirations of local communities, it has achieved growth by boldly taking risks and courageously embracing challenge when the time required it. To push through with reform, determination is vital. In our more than 100 years of history, we have possessed the strength to make
change the norm. Specifically, we have taken on risks at times of transition when our very survival was at stake, and been able to achieve huge leaps forward as a result of making breakthroughs.
Amid new trends such as DX and carbon neutrality, we are required to make quick decisions to develop new technology and spur innovation. The management issues we face are becoming more complex than ever, and involve great risk and uncertainty. I have visited and inspected more than 3,000 manufacturing sites, and the reality is never as one would expect. IBIDEN’s treasure is its human resources, people who can take on the challenges of difficult times. As an Outside Director, I will, by raising issues and providing advice, continue to make use of my expertise and experience to contribute to the sustainable growth of the Company as it looks ahead to the next 100 years.
 The Company, with its roots in hydroelectric power generation, has continued to grow to this day based on its mission of “contributing to the progression of society through innovative technology, with respect for both individuals and the global environment.” As part of this, the Chairman and the President, who have established Electronics and Ceramics Operations as the current pillars of earnings by grasping the trend of the times, are a powerful presence, and I have confidence in their excellent management sense and experience backed by solid achievements. As a result of the characters of these top management personnel, the Board of Directors has a very open atmosphere and allows for frank exchanges of opinions.
Another of our roles as Outside Directors is to monitor management from the perspective of shareholders.
Among the most recent examples, we have provided advice on large scale capital expenditures for business expansion based on our respective knowledge and experience from an impartial and objective standpoint, while making it clear that we will respect management’s decision, as long as the measure concerned will help the Company achieve sound and sustainable growth.
The Audit and Supervisory Committee welcomed two new members in FY2021. I would like them to share knowledge and information from their respective standpoints and exchange opinions more closely at meetings. In the future, I will also exchange opinions with executives in the field through visits to plants and Group companies, strive to ensure compliance for sound growth, and help the Company to live up to the trust that society places in it.
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 48

 ESG Management
 Senior Management and Directors (As of September 2021)
   April 1973 June 1997 June 2001 June 2005 April 2007
January 2015 March 2016 June 2017 June 2018
April 1986 April 2012
January 2015 June 2015 March 2016 April 2017
February 2018 June 2018
December 2018 Apri 2021
June 2003 June 2011
Joined IBIDEN Co., Ltd.
Director
Managing Director
Director & Executive Managing Officer
President & CEO, Representative Director,
Administrator of Corporate Business Operation (present) Corporate Executive Director of R&D Operation Corporate Executive Director of Affiliates and Subsidiaries Chairman of the Board, Representative Director(present) Corporate Executive Director of Electronics Operation
Joined IBIDEN Co., Ltd.
Corporate Officer,
Vice President of IBIDEN Philippines Inc.
Managing Officer, Vice President of Electronics Operation
Director & Managing Officer
Executive Vice President, Representative Director (present)
President of Corporate Strategic Manufacturing Operation (present),
Corporate Executive Director of CSR Promotion Division and Energy Control Division
Chairman of IBIDEN Electronics Malaysia
Corporate Executive Director of Quality Unit, Engineering Unit & Production Unit (present)
President of MLB Operation, President of IBIDEN Electronics Beijing (present)
DX Promotion Unit Officer, Energy Control Unit Officer (present)
Full-time Corporate Auditor of Toyota Motor Corporation (retired on June 2011)
Executive Managing Director of Toyota Industries Corporation
April 1981 April 2008 June 2013 April 2014
March 2016 April 2017
June 2017 June 2018 April 2019
April 1985 April 2010 October 2013
June 2014 March 2016 April 2017 June 2017 June 2018 April 2019 April 2020 April 2021
April 1969 June 2003
June 2005
June 2006 June 2007
June 2010 June 2015
June 2017 June 2018 June 2019
July 2020
Joined IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Corporate Officer
Director & Corporate Officer
Director & Managing Officer,
Vice President of Ceramics Operation
Executive Vice President, Representative Director, President of Ceramics Operation
Administrator of Corporate Business Operation (present), Corporate Executive Director of Ceramics Operation President & CEO, Representative Director (present) Corporate Executive Director of R&D Operation (present) Corporate Executive Director of Internal Audit Division (present)
Joined IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Corporate Officer
President of Strategic Corporate Planning Operations (present),
Corporate Executive Director of IR (present), Corporate Executive Director of FGM Operation
Director & Managing Officer
Director & Executive Managing Officer
Corporate Executive Director of Affiliates and Subsidiaries
Executive Managing Officer
Director & Executive Managing Officer
Corporate Executive Director of PKG Operation
Director & Senior Executive Officer
Executive Vice President, Representative Director (present),
Corporate Executive Director of Electronics Operation (present)
Joined Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.
Managing Officer, Tokyo Office Manager of Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, President of Sales Company of Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.
President & CEO of Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.
President &CEO, Representative Director of Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.
Chairman of the Board at Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.
Advisor of Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.
Outside Auditor of NYK Line (retired on June 2019)
Outside Director of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Auditor of Nagoya Railroad Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Auditor of Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting Co., Ltd. (present)
Corporate Advisor of Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc. (present)
  June
Representative Director & Senior Vice President of Toyota 2012 Industries Corporation (retired on June 2015)
June 2014 June 2015
June 2018 June 2019
Outside Director of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. (present)
President & Representative Director of Towa Real Estate Co., Ltd. (retired on June, 2018),
Outside Director of Nakanihon KOGYO Co., Ltd. (retired on June 2019)
Outside Auditor of Central Nippon Expressway Company Limited (present),
Corporate Advisor of Towa Real Estate Co., Ltd. (retired on June 2019)
Contract Officer for Special Duties of Towa Real Estate Co., Ltd. as former President & Representative Director (present)
49 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Hiroki TAKENAKA
Chairman of the Board, Representative Director, Chairman of the Board Meeting, Administrator of Corporate Business Operation
Kozo KODAMA
Executive Vice President, Representative Director, Quality Unit Officer, Engineering Unit Officer, Production Unit Officer,
President of Strategic Manufacturing Operation,
DX Promotion Unit Officer and Energy Control Unit Officer
Takeshi AOKI
President & CEO, Representative Director, Administrator of Corporate Business Operation, R&D Operation Officer and Internal Audit Division Officer
    Masahiko IKUTA
Executive Vice President, Representative Director,
President of Strategic Corporate Planning Operation,
PKG Operation Officer and IR Officer
      Chiaki YAMAGUCHI
Outside Director, Chairman of Nomination/ Remuneration Committee
Toshio MITA
Outside Director
  
      April 1997
March 1999 April 2007
June 2015 June 2020 June 2021
Assistant Instructor of the School of Economics at Nagoya University
Nagoya University Ph.D. in Economics
Professor at the School of Management of Chukyo University (present)
Outside Director of CKD Corporation (present) Outside Director of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. (present) Outside Director of OKUMA Corporation (present)
April April April April June April
March June June
1983 2008 2011 2012 2012 2014
2016 2016 2017
Joined IBIDEN Co., Ltd.
Corporate Officer
President of DPF Unit
Managing Officer
Director & Managing Officer
    April 1987 October 1994 October 1996 April 2001
April 2010 May 2014
April 2017 October 2020
June 2021
Joined The Sumitomo Bank, Ltd.
Deputy Chicago Branch General Manager
New York Deputy US Credit Director of US Headquarters
Manager of Sale Credit Division 1 in Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Deputy Manager of Corporate Sales in Saitama
London Credit Manager and Joint Audit Manager in Europe Region
Singapore Audit Manager
Joined IBIDEN Co., Ltd
Manager of Internal Audit Unit (present)
Full-time Member of Audit and Supervisory Committee (present)
July
July August
July
November June November
June
2000
2001 2002
2004
2014 2015 2015
2017
Director & Executive Managing Officer, President of Ceramics Unit
Corporate Executive Director of Audit Full-time Corporate Auditor
Full-time Member of Audit and Supervisory Committee (present)
Deputy Manager of Investigation Department Nagoya Regional Taxation Bureau
Superintendent of Showa Tax Office
Registered as certified tax accountant, Established Fumio Kato Certified Tax Accountant Office, Representative of Fumio Kato Certified Tax Accountant Office (present)
Outside Corporate Auditor of Seino Holdings Co., Ltd. (retired June 2020)
Outside Corporate Auditor of HIMARAYA Co., Ltd. Outside Corporate Auditor of IBIDEN Co., Ltd.
Outside Director who is an Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of HIMARAYA Co. Ltd. (present)
Outside Corporate Director who is Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. (present)
April 1973 November 1980 July 1997 January 2001 September 2006 July 2010
June 2011
June 2015 June 2016
June 2017
Joined PricewaterhouseCoopers Co., Ltd.
Joined Ito Accounting & Consultancy Office
Senior Partner of Ito Accounting & Consultancy Office
Senior Partner of Chuo-Aoyama Audit Corporation
Senior Partner of Arata Audit Corporation
Established Masaki HORIE Certified Public Accountant Office, Director of the Office (present)
Outside Corporate Auditor of Tokai Rika Co., Ltd. (retired June 2015)
Outside Corporate Auditor of Futaba Industrial Co., Ltd.
Outside Corporate Director of Futaba Industrial Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Auditor of IBIDEN Co., Ltd.
Outside Corporate Director who is Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. (present)
April January
January April
March June June June June June
1981 2006
2011 2013
2014 2014 2015 2016 2019 2021
Joined Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.
Director of Lifestyle Value Research Laboratory, R&D Headquarters, Home Appliances Company, Panasonic Corporation
Director of Global Consumer Research Center, Corporate Brand Strategy Division, Panasonic Corporation
Director and Group Manager responsible for consumer research at the Global Marketing Planning Center, Appliances Company, Panasonic Corporation
Retired from Panasonic Corporation
Outside Director of DUSKIN CO., LTD. (retired 2017)
Outside Director of TAKARA HOLDINGS INC. (retired 2018)
Outside Director of Daiwa House Industry Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Director of Furukawa Electric Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Corporate Director who is Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. (present)
Noriko ASAI
Outside Director
Introduction
Value Creation
ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
Koji MATSUBAYASHI
Full-time Member of Audit and Supervisory Committee
Yoichi KUWAYAMA
Full-time Member of Audit and Supervisory Committee
  Fumio KATO
Outside Director,
Outside Member of Audit and Supervisory Committee,
Chairman of Audit and Supervisory Committee
      Masaki HORIE
Outside Director
Outside Member of Audit and Supervisory Committee
Yukiko YABU
Outside Director
Outside Member of Audit and Supervisory Committee
  IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 50

 ESG Management
 Overview of the Board of Directors(As of June 18, 2021)
In selecting Director candidates, to allocate a right person to right work, as a comprehensive deliberation, the sufficient number of the Board of Directors Members that enables the Board of Directors to make eligible and prompt decision and overall balance of knowledge, experience and skill with diversity including gender, internationality, career and age among the members of the Board of Directors are considered while referring to the reports by the Nomination/Remuneration Committee.
Hiroki TAKENAKA
Takeshi AOKI
Kozo KODAMA
Masahiko IKUTA
Chiaki YAMAGUCHI
Toshio MITA
Noriko ASAI
Yoichi KUWAYAMA
Koji MATSUBAYASHI
Fumio KATO
Masaki HORIE
Yukiko YABU
1 Above scores don’t represent all the insights the candidates own.
2 For candidates for Outside Directors (including Audit & Supervisory Board Members), the skill set required for the Board of Directors, which the Company particularly
expects them to own are stated.
Reasons for Selecting as Outside Director
 Name
Diversity Score
Independence (Outside Directors only)
Experience as a President
Finance and accounting
Electronics
Ceramics
Marketing and sales
International business
Innovation
Manufacturing technologies
Risk management
             Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee Members
Toshio MITA Noriko ASAI
Fumio KATO Masaki HORIE
Mr. Yamaguchi has plentiful and wide-ranging experience and knowledge in corporate management and other fields as Representative Director & Senior Vice President of Toyota Industries Corporation and President & Representative Director of Towa Real Estate Co., Ltd. We expect him to provide us with proper advice and supervision based on his insight.
Mr. Mita has plentiful and wide-ranging experience and knowledge in corporate management and other fields as President & CEO of Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc. We expect him to provide us with proper advice and supervision based on his insight.
Ms. Asai has abundant and wide-ranging academic knowledge and expertise in business economics as an academic expert. We expect her to provide us with proper advice and supervision based on his insight.
Mr. Kato can provide insights and oversight of company operations based on his wealth of knowledge and experience in tax-related matters as Tax Accountant. We expect him to provide us with proper advice and supervision based on his insight.
Mr. Horie has the expertise with his high-level wealth of knowledge and experience as Certified Public Accountant. We expect him to provide us with proper advice and supervision based on his insight.
Ms. Yabu has abundant and wide-ranging knowledge, expertise and experience in R&D and marketing with perspectives of general consumers in a leading electric company. We expect her to provide us with proper advice and supervision based on his insight.
Name
Reasons for selecting
 Chiaki YAMAGUCHI
         Yukiko YABU
   51 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021

  Introduction
Value Creation ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
(10/10)
(10/10)
(10/10)
(10/10)
(10/10)
(10/10)
(8/8)
(10/10) (11/11)
(—) (—)
(10/10) (11/11)
(10/10) (11/11)
(—) (—)
(7/7)
(7/7)
(7/7)
(6/7)
(5/5)
Corporate Directors
Outside Directors
Chairperson
  Members of each committee and meeting
Internal control · Governance
Male Female
Board of Directors
Audit and Supervisory Committee
Nomination / Remuneration Committee
Management Council
Risk Management Company-wide Promotion Committee
Compliance Company- wide Promotion Committee
              Within brackets ( ) is attendance at Board of Directors and committee meetings in FY2020. (Meetings attended / Total meetings)
 Policy for the Development of Next Generation Management Executives
For the development of next generation management executives, we newly established a Senior Management system in FY2020. We position employees in Senior Management positions as next generation management executive candidates, and have these employees
participate in Executive training. In addition, by developing the educational program for employees in Senior Management positions, we will develop human resources in a planned way.
 Communication with Shareholders and Investors
IBIDEN takes steps to disclose information at appropriate times to shareholders and investors in a fair, accurate, and easy-to-understand manner.
We held a general meeting of shareholders in the multi-purpose hall in the IBIDEN Headquarters Building on June 18, 2021. We have sought to establish a more open environment by adopting the voting rights exercise platform and making possible the exercise of voting rights via the Internet and smart phones, etc., for shareholders who are unable to attend the meeting. In addition, to ensure prompt disclosure, the Notice of Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders is available on our website and platform by a week before mailing it to shareholders. This
Visit our website for details of our investor relations. https://www.ibiden.com/ir/
year, we took a video of the day of the General Meeting of Shareholders, and then released in the Investor Relations section on our website as well.
As for other IR activities, we hold periodic briefings for analysts and institutional investors after the announcement of business results for the full year and those for the interim term, and release materials for the briefings on our website. Furthermore, we take part in a range of events as briefings for individual investors, providing them with opportunities to invest in shares of the Company.
 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 52

 ESG Management
 Risk Management
 Risk Management Basic Approach
The IBIDEN Group enables business continuity by analyzing various risks surrounding management, accurately handling losses of business resources that have a great negative impact on the ease of our business operations, ensuring the safety of our shareholders, customers and officers, and reducing and preventing losses of business resources.
 Structure for Advancing Risk Management
We established Risk Management Company-wide Promotion Committee as an organization to promote risk management, where we review and decide the overall risk management, and report the countermeasures to the major risks and the progress. To embody the policies the
Committee decided, we assign a department in charge by each risk category to promote the risk management activities suitable to the situation and operational type of domestic and overseas Group companies.
    Audit sections
Secretariat Risk Management sections
Risk Management Company-wide Promotion Committee chaired by President & CEO
   Sections responsible for each risk category
       Business risks
Development risks
Human resource and labor risks
Purchasing risks
Financial and accounting risks
Information management risks
Intellectual property risks
       Business sections
Design and development, and facility development sections
Human resource sections
Purchasing sections
Finance sections
IT Management sections
Intellectual property sections
      Laws, regulations, and corporate ethics risks
Energy supply risks
Disaster risks
Occupational health and safety risks
Environmental risks
New risks
      Legal, compliance, contacts and purchasing sections
Energy control sections
Disaster management sections
  Business Continuity risks
Occupational health and safety sections
Overall supervision: Corporate planning sections
Environmental management sections
Related sections
 Business sections, functional sections, domestic and overseas group companies
 Activities for Advancing Risk Management
1 Business Continuity Plan and Readiness for Natural Disaster
Considering the occurrence of large-scale natural disasters, such as earthquakes or floods, in areas where our plants are located as an important risk, we are taking measures to prepare for the occurrence of such disasters. In the event of a large-scale natural disaster, we believe that lifesaving comes first, followed by the early recovery of product supply to customers. Accordingly, we have established a system to deal with specific risks including the confirmation of the safety of employees and equipment failure.
Visit our website for details of our risk management. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/governance/risk-management/
A promotion manager appointed each section
2 Information Security Measures
Information concerning the operation, technologies and management of the Company is a valuable asset, and for a technology-development-oriented company like us, proper management of information including confidential information of customers and suppliers and prevention of leakage are important issues and responsibilities.
We have established a framework for information security promotion, and laid down a basic policy for proper use and custody of the information assets we own such as trade secrets, personal information and IT security environment under the “Regulations for Information Management.”
 53 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
  
Compliance
Introduction Value Creation ESG Management
 Financial and Corporate Data
 Compliance Basic Policy
By achieving thoroughgoing commitment to “compliance with domestic and international laws, our articles of incorporation, internal regulations and corporate ethics” (Compliance) and through open and fair corporate activities, we aim to be a company that international society relies on.
 Structure for Promoting Compliance Program
To raise awareness of compliance across the Group, we established Compliance Company-wide Promotion Committee, which promotes, manages, reports and reviews the company-wide compliance activities. The policies and plans the Committee decides are announced to each plant as well as domestic and overseas Group companies, and then rolled out.
Whistleblowing System
Compliance Promotion
Compliance Consultation
Board of Directors
Proposal Deliberation
Compliance Committee
   In addition to the formal channel of reporting, the Group has established a compliance consultation service to facilitate reporting when an officer or employee discovers a violation of compliance. Through this service, officers and employees may report violations nominally to employees in charge of the compliance consultation service or anonymously to outside experts. The consultation counters have been operated with due consideration for the protection of rights of whistleblowers, such as anonymity assurance, privacy protection and ensuring no disadvantageous treatment.
Should an incident related to compliance occur, the Compliance Committee chaired by the Executive Officer
Bolstering Compliance Activities
1 Compliance Education
When promoting compliance activities, it is crucial that employee awareness is continuously maintained at a high level. The Company has established an environment enabling all those working at on-site workplaces (including part-time workers and contract workers) to systematically receive education and training immediately after their employment regarding the Standards for Employee Behavior, which sets forth the compliance standards to be followed by officers and employees. In addition, we are promoting special education programs, including ones focused on various laws and regulations and corporate taxation.
Visit our website for details of our compliance. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/governance/compliance/
in charge of compliance promotion is called and discussions take place on appropriate actions to address the situation as well as preventative measures for future incidents. Serious incidents in particular are reported to the Board of Directors.
Compliance consultation service card
2 Efforts for Fraud Prevention including Anti-bribery The Group upholds the IBIDEN Group Charter of Behavior to make efforts to prevent every form of corruption. In the Standards for Employee Behavior also, we demand ethical behavior and strictly prohibit unlawful actions and acts of conflict of interest including bribery. To avoid misconduct, we have appropriately developed a system for ensuring a certain prevention of corruption in line with the current conditions of each site, including measures such as stricter authorization when paying social expenses, the establishment of Gift-giving and -receiving Guidelines, and the development of a Whistleblowing System.
Compliance Company-wide Promotion Committee Chaired by President&CEO
Report
Promotion
Especially important issues
 Compliance Promotion Committee at each plant and Group company
Compliance promotion Division (Secretariat)
  Report Promotion Education/Supervision
Report
Instruction
 Person responsible for Compliance promotion: Each division
All Employees
Compliance Consultation Counter
Report/ Consultation
Feedback
Compliance promotion Division (Secretariat)
   All Employees
   IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 54
      
 Financial and Corporate Data
 Main Financial Data (Consolidated)Fiscal years ended on March 31
 Net sales
Operating income to net sales ratio
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Return on assets
Equity ratio
Interest-bearing debt
Capital expenditures
Research and development costs
Basic profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent per share
Dividend payout ratio
(Millions of yen) (%) (Millions of yen) (%)
(%) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen)
(yen)
(%)
304,968 11.09 19,740 5.20 66.98 23,463 60,335 14,553
137.21
29.15
300,863 5.16 10,647 2.59 63.35 63,737 47,313 16,123
74.41
40.32
285,946 1.90 2,232 0.52 65.61 63,925 43,262 15,125
15.97 187.81
310,268 7.56 17,479 3.92 68.91 61,574 37,731 15,031
126.58 23.7
158th FY2010
160th FY2012
161th FY2013
       Operating income
(Millions of yen)
33,811
159th FY2011
 15,515
5,419
23,442
              Ordinary profit
(Millions of yen)
33,575
16,256
10,890
28,401
              Total assets
(Millions of yen)
394,580
425,871
430,040
462,113
              Total net assets
(Millions of yen)
271,249
274,901
286,705
322,562
              Return on equity
(%)
7.45
3.97
0.81
5.82
              Free cash flow
(Millions of yen)
23,391
(21,920)
(13,224)
11,729
              Depreciation and amortization
(Millions of yen)
40,697
42,387
42,697
35,702
              Net assets per share
(yen)
1,861.11
1,885.53
2,043.29
2,305.93
              Dividends per share
(yen)
40
30
30
30
              Numbers of employees
(persons)
13,051
11,374
11,879
14,122
       1 Net assets per share are calculated based on the total number of shares issued and outstanding at the end of the fiscal year.
2 Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated based on the average number of shares issued and outstanding during the period. The average number of shares issued and
outstanding during the period is based on the number of shares after deducting the number of treasury shares.
Main Non-Financial Data
  Number of consolidated employees by business 1 (persons)
13,161
Number of non-consolidated employees
0.59%
(%)
3,504 1.0 401 0.8 0.59 0.6
3,103 0.4 0.2
(persons)
18,000 12,000 6,000
4
by gender (persons)
and ratio of female managers 4 (%) (persons)
13,961
15,574
14,718
2
13,019
3,515
3,525
397
0.62
4,000 13,161 3,000 2,000 1,000
3,544
382
3,162 0.313,131
3,537
394
0.62
384
     000
 2016 2017 2018 2019
2020 (FY)
0.71
1.95
0.71 0.60
2016 Male Female
Renewable energy
6 generation (MWh)
(MWh)
200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000 0
2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) Ratio of female managers
174,267MWh
Electronics Ceramics Other Operations
Occupational accident frequency rate 5
3
  2.0 1.83 1.5 1.63 1.66
1.0 1.02 0.5 0.56 0.52 0.54
0 0.33 0.09
2016 2017 2018
IBIDEN Domestic plants
All industry
Other
1.80
1.00 0.82
163,004
176,276 176,203 183,110 174,267
      55 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
2019
IBIDEN and Domestic Group companies
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
0
151,452
11,552
161,079 15,197
159,218 16,985
166,334 16,776
157,778 16,489
2020 (FY)
3,128
3,143
   2016 Solar power, etc.
2017
Hydroelectric power generation

162th FY2014
163th FY2015
164th FY2016
165th FY2017
166th FY2018
167th FY2019
168th
FY2020
   26,039
  22,570
  7,141
  16,702
  10,137
  19,685
  38,634
    31,314
  20,798
  2,301
  17,603
  12,600
  21,364
  40,716
    519,847
  476,110
  405,783
  436,425 *1
  423,056
  518,619
  578,518
    360,091
  331,520
  260,940
  286,367
  276,305
  273,934
  321,863
    5.67
  2.20
  (21.53)
  4.31
  1.20
  4.20
  8.80
    6,659
  20,060
  2,532
  5,736
  519
  (11,987)
  (43,390)
    39,428
  44,056
  33,147
  24,566
  25,136
  24,222
  35,413
    2,578.85
  2,459.63
  1,927.53
  2,012.60
  1,938.59
  1,920.19
  2,262.99
    35
  35
  35
  35
  35
  35
  35
    14,306
  14,290
  13,961
  15,574
  14,718
  13,019
  13,161
              800 600 400 200
0
602
666
649
606
586
12,000 8,000 4,000
2016 2017 Direct CO2 emissions (Scope1)
Introduction
Value Creation
ESG Management
295,999 6.65 11,329 2.41 51.74 150,030 57,076 16,200
81.08
43.17
Financial and Corporate Data
323,461 11.94 25,698 4.68 54.61 150,175 78,189 16,841
183.94 19.03
  318,072 8.19 19,107 3.89 68.50 75,855 56,350 15,512
138.37
25.29
314,119 7.19 7,530 1.51 68.75 70,128 40,955 15,203
55.29
63.30
266,459 2.68
(62,848) (14.25)
63.21 70,062 20,997 14,111
(472.26)
—
300,403 5.56 11,583 2.76 64.43 70,005 22,409 15,368
83.21
42.06
*2 *3
291,125 3.48 3,306 0.77 64.03 70,030 22,892 14,753
23.66
147.90
 3 “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting, etc.” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, February 16, 2018) have been applied from the beginning of the 166th term, and the main management indicators, etc. (*1, 2, 3) related to the 165th term are indicators, etc. after retroactively applying the said accounting standard, etc.
  GHG emissions 6 (thousand tons of CO2)
(thousand tons of CO2)
7
586 thousand tons of CO2
Water withdrawal 6 3
3 12,519 thousands of m
532
136 134 144 142 153 0
466
464 433
505
2018 2019 2020 (FY) Indirect CO2 emissions (Scope2)
(thousands of m )
(thousands of m3)
10,573 11,961 11,986 11,798
2016 2017 2018 2019
12,519
2020 (FY)
   Solid waste
(t) 60,000
6
(t)
41,273t
1 This indicates the number of persons in employment, and does not include temporary employees.
2 A decrease of 1,699 in the number of employees in fiscal 2019 is mainly attributable to personnel reduction in consolidated overseas manufacturing companies.
3 This indicates employees of the Management Division.
4 Figures are for IBIDEN Co., Ltd.. This indicates the number of persons in
employment, and does not include temporary employees. Also, the number of
non-consolidated employees does not include seconded employees.
5 This indicates the number of work-related injury or death cases (equivalent to
or more serious than cases of occupational accidents resulting in lost
workdays) among a total of 1 million actual working hours.
6 Figures are for IBIDEN Group.
7 With regard to the CO2 emission factor at the time of calculation, we used the
factor provided by the “List of Calculation Methods/Emission Factors in the Calculation, Report and Publication System” of the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in Japan as well as by gas distribution companies.
From fiscal year 2020, when calculating the indirect CO2 emissions (Scope 2), we use the conversion factors (IEA Emissions Factors 2020) published by the International Energy Agency when the CO2 emission factors of electric utility companies are uncertain, in order to provide information closer to the actual state.
40,000 40,580 44,158 20,000
0
45,638
2018
39,061
2019
41,273
2020 (FY)
 2016 2017
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 56

 Financial and Corporate Data
 Analysis of Our Business Performance and Financial Condition
 Overview of the Fiscal Year Under Review
During the fiscal year under review, the global economy saw a sharp slowdown in economic activity in the first half of the year amid the global pandemic of COVID-19. However, from the second quarter (July-September) onward, the economy picked up mainly in China. The domestic economy was also sluggish in the first half of the fiscal year with a sharp downturn affected by COVID-19. However, some signs of recovery are seen in parts of exports and production from the second quarter (July-September).
The semiconductors and electronic components market grew upward as a whole due to the strong personal computer market with the spread of teleworking and remote education, while the markets centered around the server market for data centers remained firm.
The exhaust system components market in the automotive industry remained under harsh conditions due to a continued decrease in the ratio of diesel passenger vehicle sales in the European passenger vehicles market, along with a significant decrease in global automobile sales in the first quarter (April-June) affected by COVID-19. However, in the second half of the fiscal year, the market
Analysis of Financial Situation
1 Assets
Total assets at the end of the fiscal year under review were ¥578,518 million (an increase of 11.5% compared to the end of the previous fiscal year). Current assets amounted to ¥285,364 million (a 5.0% decrease), and fixed assets were ¥293,153 million (a 34.2% increase).
The significant contributing component in the decrease in current assets was a decrease of ¥48,267 million in cash and deposits.
The significant contributing component in the increase in fixed assets was an increase of ¥22,533 million in buildings and structures, an increase of ¥27,450 million in machinery and equipment and an increase of ¥33,736 million in investment securities.
2 Liabilities
Total liabilities at the end of the fiscal year under review were ¥256,655 million (a 4.9% increase). Current liabilities amounted to ¥131,899 million (a 9.2% increase), and long-term liabilities were ¥124,755 million (a 0.7% increase).
recovered to the level of the previous fiscal year on the back of the market recovery mainly in China from the second quarter (July-September).
Given this situation, to achieve the new five-year medium-term management plan “To The Next Stage 110 Plan” that started in April 2018, we proactively allocated management resources into growing markets based on human resource development, and have been working on measures for the realization of stable growth by increasing competitiveness of our existing businesses along with expanding new businesses.
As a result, net sales for the fiscal year under review amounted to ¥323,461 million, an increase of ¥27,462 million (9.3%) compared to the previous fiscal year. Operating income totaled ¥38,634 million, an increase of ¥18,948 million (96.3%) compared to the previous fiscal year. Ordinary profit amounted to ¥40,716 million, an increase of ¥19,352 million (90.6%) compared to the previous fiscal year. Profit attributable to owners of parent for the period stood at ¥25,698 million, an increase of ¥14,368 million (126.8%) compared to the previous fiscal year.
The significant contributing component in the change in current liabilities was the transfer of ¥15,000 million of bonds, which were under long-term liabilities at the end of the previous fiscal year to current portion of bonds in current liabilities.
3 Net assets
Total net assets at the end of the fiscal year under
review were ¥321,863 million (a 17.5% increase).
The significant contributing component in the increase
in total net assets was an increase of ¥20,801 million in retained earnings and an increase of ¥19,406 million in net unrealized holding gain on other securities.
As a result, the equity ratio increased from 51.7% at the end of the previous fiscal year to 54.6%. In addition, net assets per share increased from ¥1,920.19 at the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥2,262.99.
 57 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021

  Introduction
Analysis of Management Results
1 Net Sales and Operating Income
Net sales amounted to ¥323,461 million (an increase of 9.3% year-on-year).
Cost of sales was ¥238,011 million (an increase of 4.5% year-on-year). The cost-to-sales ratio increased 3.4 percentage points to 73.6%.
Accordingly, operating income totaled ¥38,634 million (an increase of 96.3% year-on-year).
2 Non-operating Income and Expenses and Ordinary Profit
Non-operating income and expenses increased from ¥1,678 million (net) in the previous fiscal year to ¥2,082 million (net) in the fiscal year under review. This was mainly due to a decrease of ¥146 million in bond issuance expenses.
Accordingly, ordinary profit amounted to ¥40,716 million (an increase of 90.6% year-on-year).
3 Extraordinary Income or Loss
Extraordinary income or loss worsened from loss of ¥3,839 million (net) in the previous fiscal year to loss of ¥8,550 million (net) and extraordinary loss (net) increased. This was mainly due to an increase of ¥3,611 million in loss on impairment of fixed assets and an increase of ¥996 million in compensation expenses.
Cash Flow Conditions
Cash and cash equivalents (hereinafter “net cash”) at the end of the fiscal year under review amounted to ¥126,884 million, down ¥47,999 million compared to the end of the previous fiscal year.
The following is a summary of cash flow activities.
1 Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled ¥38,954 million (versus ¥26,096 million in the previous fiscal year). This primarily reflected increases from ¥35,413 million in depreciation and amortization, ¥32,165 million in profit before income taxes, despite decreases from ¥17,721 million in an increase in notes and accounts receivable, and ¥9,968 million in an increase in inventories.
Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Accordingly, profit before income taxes amounted to ¥32,165 million (an increase of 83.5% year-on-year).
4 Income Taxes (Including Income Taxes – Deferred)
Income taxes increased from ¥5,987 million in the previous fiscal year to ¥6,246 million in the fiscal year under review.
Accordingly, profit amounted to ¥25,918 million (an increase of 124.6% year-on-year).
5 Profit Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests Profit attributable to non-controlling interests increased from ¥207 million in the previous fiscal year to ¥220 million in the fiscal year under review.
6 Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Profit attributable to owners of parent was ¥25,698 million (an increase of 126.8% year-on-year).
Basic earnings per share was ¥183.94. Return on equity (ROE) stood at 8.8%.
  2 Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities totaled ¥82,345 million (versus ¥38,083 million in the previous fiscal year). This was mainly due to payment of ¥75,350 million for purchases of property and equipment.
3 Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities totaled ¥6,236 million (versus ¥74,483 million in net cash provided in the previous fiscal year). This was mainly due to payment of ¥4,896 million cash dividends paid.
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 58

 Financial and Corporate Data
 Consolidated Balance Sheet (March 31, 2021) Consolidated Balance Sheet
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
54,766
169,221
51,540
180,395
4,259,593
348,570
1,940,460
224
78
62,082
707,484
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
264,241 53,429 43,380
2,034 1,191,401
1,558 3,181 8,938
582,003 (29,684)
1,447 372,455 2,907,265
 2021
2020
2021
Assets
     2021
2020
2021
Liabilities and net assets
      Current assets:
Notes and accounts receivable:
Other
Inventories:
Work in process
Other current assets
6,063
18,735
5,706
3,351
13,249
7,584
19,800
433,064
48,731
173,514
17
9
6,171
44,860
Current liabilities:
Notes and accounts payable: Other
Accrued expenses
Accrued bonuses for employees
Provision for loss on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
Total current liabilities
Long-term liabilities:
Lease obligations
Provision for share-based compensation
Other long-term liabilities
Shareholders’ equity:
Authorized – 230,000,000 shares
Capital surplus
Less treasury stock, at cost
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Surplus arising from land revaluation
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Total net assets
29,254 5,915 4,803
225 131,900
172 353 990
64,433 (3,286)
160 41,235 321,863
32,463 6,153 3,907
764 120,736
39 250 1,187
64,579 (2,575)
160 13,584 273,935
 Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt
  ¥ 35,131
  ¥ 30,030
  $ 317,324
  Cash and deposits
  ¥ 126,885
  ¥ 175,152
  $ 1,146,100
  Trade
  42,564
  39,002
  384,459
  Trade
  89,796
  69,013
  811,093
  Lease obligations
  395
  267
  3,568
  Allowance for doubtful accounts
  (109)
  (136)
  (987)
  Income taxes payable
  5,624
  3,018
  50,801
  Accrued bonuses for directors and audit and supervisory board members
  155
  132
  1,400
  Merchandise and finished goods
  13,653
  12,417
  123,324
  Other current liabilities
  7,834
  5,000
  70,765
  Raw materials and supplies
  24,636
  19,615
  222,531
      Total current assets
  285,365
  300,245
  2,577,588
      Long-term debt
  115,044
  120,000
  1,039,152
  Property, plant and equipment:
        Liability for retirement benefits
  1,079
  827
  9,743
 Land 19,972
 Buildings and structures
  213,557
  180,432
  1,928,980
  Deferred income taxes
  7,118
  1,645
  64,294
 Machinery and equipment
Construction in progress
Property, plant and equipment, net
Investments and other assets:
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
Long-term loans receivable
Other assets
Total investments and other assets
471,579
38,590
214,828
25
9
6,873
78,326
 Total long-term liabilities
  124,756
  123,948
  1,126,866
  Leased assets
  566
  269
  5,109
  Net assets:
        Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
  744,264 (529,436)
  682,296 (508,782)
  6,722,647 (4,782,187)
  Common stock:
            Issued – 140,860,557 shares in 2021 and 2020
  64,152
  64,152
  579,466
      Investment securities:
        Retained earnings
  149,380
  128,578
  1,349,290
  Total shareholders’ equity
  274,679
  254,734
  2,481,075
  Other
  68,173
  34,444
  615,782
  Net unrealized holding gain on other securities
  28,639
  9,232
  258,681
  Deferred income taxes
  3,488
  4,463
  31,509
  Translation adjustments
  12,436
  4,192
  112,327
  Allowance for doubtful accounts
  (242)
  (244)
  (2,191)
  Non-controlling interests
  5,949
  5,617
  53,735
  Total assets
  ¥ 578,519
  ¥ 518,619
  $ 5,225,532
  Total liabilities and net assets
  ¥ 578,519
  ¥ 518,619
  $ 5,225,532
 59 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021

  Consolidated Statement of Income
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
2,149,864
422,865
11,040
585
290,541
16,470
234,115
(1,991)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
74,671
$ 484,670
2,791
Introduction
Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 2021
2020
2021
Net sales
 ¥ 323,461
 ¥ 295,999
 $ 2,921,700
  2021
2020
2021
Profit
 ¥ 25,919
 ¥ 11,538
 $ 234,115
   Cost of sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Interest and dividend income
Gain (loss) on sales of investment securities
Profit before income taxes
Income taxes:
Deferred
Profit
Non-controlling interests
238,011
46,815
1,222
65
32,166
1,823
25,919
(220)
227,845
48,468
1,323
(25)
17,525
484
11,538
(208)
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Translation adjustments 8,267
Comprehensive income (loss) ¥ 53,658
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:
Non-controlling interests 309
¥
(5,812)
2,519
193
 Gross profit
  85,450
  68,154
  771,836
  Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on other securities
  19,472
  (3,207)
  175,884
  Operating income
  38,635
  19,686
  348,971
  Total other comprehensive income (loss)
  27,739
  (9,019)
  250,555
     Other income (expenses):
             Interest expense
  (258)
  (195)
  (2,334)
  Owners of parent
  ¥ 53,349
  ¥ 2,326
  $ 481,879
  Other, net
  (7,498)
  (3,264)
  (67,721)
            Current
  (8,070)
  (6,471)
  (72,896)
    (6,247)
  (5,987)
  (56,426)
  Profit attributable to:
        Owners of parent
  ¥ 25,699
  ¥ 11,330
  $ 232,124
 Note : U.S. dollar amounts have been converted for convenience only at the rate of ¥110.71 = US$1, the rate of exchange on March 31,2021.
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 60

 Financial and Corporate Data
 Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Millions of yen
  Number of shares issued (Thousands)
 Common stock
 Capital surplus
 Retained earnings
 Treasury stock, at cost
 Net unrealized holding gain on other securities
 Surplus arising from land revaluation
 Translation adjustments
 Non- controlling interests
 Total net assets
 Balance at March 31, 2019
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Retirement of treasury stock
Balance at March 31, 2020
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Retirement of treasury stock
Other changes
140,861 ¥ 64,152
— —
— —
140,861 ¥ 64,152
— —
— —
— —
¥ 64,579
—
—
¥ 64,579
—
0
—
¥ 122,145
11,330
—
¥ 128,578
25,699
—
—
¥ (2,602) ¥ 12,415 ¥ 160
— — —
30 — —
¥ (2,575) ¥ 9,232 ¥ 160
— — —
52 — —
— 19,407 —
¥ 10,013
—
—
¥ 4,192
—
—
8,244
¥ 5,443
—
—
¥ 5,617
—
—
332
¥ 276,305
11,330
30
¥ 273,935
25,699
52
27,983
 Cash dividends
  —
  —
  —
  (4,897)
  —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (4,897)
   Purchases of treasury stock
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (3)
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (3)
  Other changes
  —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (3,183)
  —
  (5,821)
  174
  (8,830)
  Cash dividends
  —
  —
  —
  (4,897)
  —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (4,897)
  Purchases of treasury stock
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (763)
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (763)
  Changes in liabilities for written put options over non-controlling interests
  —
  —
  (146)
  —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (146)
  Balance at March 31, 2021
  140,861
  ¥ 64,152
  ¥ 64,433
  ¥ 149,380
  ¥ (3,286)
  ¥ 28,639
  ¥ 160
  ¥ 12,436
  ¥ 5,949
  ¥ 321,863
 Thousands of U.S. dollars
   Common stock
 Capital surplus
 Retained earnings
 Treasury stock, at cost
 Net unrealized holding gain on other securities
 Surplus arising from land revaluation
 Translation adjustments
 Non- controlling interests
 Total net assets
 Balance at March 31, 2020
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Retirement of treasury stock
Other changes
$ 579,466
—
—
—
$ 583,321
—
1
—
$ 1,161,395
232,124
—
—
$ (23,265) $ 83,393 $ 1,447
—— —
471 — —
— 175,288 —
$ 37,860
—
—
74,467
$ 50,727
—
—
3,008
$ 2,474,344
232,124
472
252,763
 Cash dividends
    —
  —
  (44,229)
  —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (44,229)
   Purchases of treasury stock
    —
  —
  —
  (6,890)
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (6,890)
  Changes in liabilities for written put options over non-controlling interests
    —
  (1,319)
  —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  (1,319)
  Balance at March 31, 2021
    $ 579,466
  $ 582,003
  $ 1,349,290
  $ (29,684)
  $ 258,681
  $ 1,447
  $ 112,327
  $ 53,735
  $ 2,907,265
 61 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021

  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Operating activities
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
36,757 208 1,758 2,334
(678) (585) — (160,073) (13,101) (11,777)
11,041 (50,087)
5,760 (55,995) (5,275)
2 (743,793) (337) (90,326)
— 472 (132) —
(433,561) $ 1,146,100
Introduction
Value Creation
ESG Management
Millions of yen
4,069 23 195 258
(75) (65) — (17,722) (1,450) (1,304)
1,222 (5,545)
638 (6,199) (584)
0 (82,345) (37) (10,000)
—
52 (15) —
(47,999) ¥ 126,885
Financial and Corporate Data
 2021
2020
2021
  Profit before income taxes
  ¥ 32,166
  ¥ 17,525
  $ 290,541
  Adjustments to reconcile profit before income taxes to net cash provided by operating activities: Loss on impairment of fixed assets
Reversal for accrued bonuses for directors
Increase (decrease) in liability for retirement benefits
Interest expense
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment
Gain (loss) on sales of investment securities
Loss from suspended operation
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable, trade Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable
Other, net
Interest and dividends received
Income taxes paid
Investing activities
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchases of investment securities
Purchase of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation Collection of long-term loans receivable
Net cash used in investing activities
Increase in short-term borrowings, net
Repayment of long-term debt
Redemption of bonds
Proceeds from sales of treasury stock
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests Other, net
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
458 43 36 195
(7) 25 92
(9,624) 6,808 (13,072) 1,324 (6,044)
844 (26) —
0 (38,083) —
— (25,000) 30 (15) (66)
61,391 ¥ 174,884
 Depreciation and amortization
  35,413
  24,222
  319,875
  Reversal for accrued bonuses for employees
  894
  470
  8,073
  Reversal of allowance for doubtful accounts
  (29)
  21
  (264)
  Interest and dividend income
  (1,222)
  (1,323)
  (11,040)
  Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method
  (1)
  (0)
  (7)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
  2,563
  2,198
  23,150
  Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities
  30
  —
  266
  Loss on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
  —
  458
  —
  Decrease (increase) in inventories
  (9,969)
  2,520
  (90,043)
  Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
  (238)
  (34)
  (2,151)
  Subtotal
  43,536
  31,011
  393,243
  Interest paid
  (258)
  (195)
  (2,334)
  Net cash provided by operating activities
  ¥ 38,955
  ¥ 26,096
  $ 351,863
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment
  ¥ (75,350)
  ¥ (37,269)
  $ (680,608)
  Purchases of intangible assets
  (1,173)
  (1,226)
  (10,597)
  Proceeds from sales of investment securities
  96
  177
  864
  Increase in short-term loans receivable
  0
  (1)
  2
  Other, net
  227
  (582)
  2,054
  Financing activities
        Increase in long-term debt
  10,009
  70,000
  90,401
  Proceeds from issuance of bonds
  —
  35,000
  —
  Purchases of treasury stock
  (763)
  (3)
  (6,890)
  Cash dividends paid
  (4,897)
  (4,897)
  (44,229)
  Repayments of lease obligations
  (586)
  (565)
  (5,294)
  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
  (6,237)
  74,484
  (56,335)
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
  1,628
  (1,106)
  14,704
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
  174,884
  113,493
  1,579,661
   Note : U.S. dollar amounts have been converted for convenience only at the rate of ¥110.71 = US$1, the rate of exchange on March 31,2021.
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 62

 Financial and Corporate Data
 Corporate Information / Stock Information (As of March 31, 2021)
Corporate Data
Stock Information
Trade name
Established
Capital
Number of employees
Plants
Number of subsidiaries
IBIDEN CO., LTD.
November 25, 1912
¥64,152 million
Consolidated: 13,161 Non-consolidated: 3,504
Head office 2-1, Kanda-cho, Ogaki City, Gifu 503- 8604, Japan
Tokyo branch Marunouchi Bldg. 29F, 2-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6329, Japan Plants Gifu Prefecture: Ogaki, Ogaki Central, Aoyanagi, Gama, Ogaki-Kita, Godo
Aichi Prefecture: Kinuura
Consolidated subsidiaries: 38 (15 in Japan, 23 overseas)
Fiscal year-end
Annual meeting of shareholders
Independent Auditors
Domestic stock exchange listings
Date of record for dividend payout
Authorized shares
Shares issued and outstanding
Number of shareholders
March 31 June
KPMG AZSA LLC Tokyo, Nagoya
Interim dividend: September 30 Year-end dividend: March 31
230,000,000
140,860,557
(including 960,476 shares of treasury stock)
25,241
Disclosure of Financial Information
 IBIDEN takes steps to disclose information at appropriate times to shareholders and investors in a fair, accurate, and easy-to-understand manner.
Pursuant to the Timely Disclosure Rule of the Tokyo Stock Exchange, our information disclosure standards require the disclosureof information relevant to our operations, scope of business, and assets that could significantly affect investment judgments, as well as any changes or suspension of important corporate information that has already been published.
We will also disclose corporate information that could significantly influence investment judgments even if the Timely Disclosure Rule does not apply, as accurately, promptly and appropriately as possible.
External Corporate Evaluation regarding ESG (As of the end of September, 2021)
Website for shareholders and investors
https://www.ibiden.com/ir/
    Our company, after being assessed by external assessment bodies, was selected as a component of major ESG investment-related indexes.
63 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
FTSE4Good Index Series 1
FTSE Blossom Japan Index 1
MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes
MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
• MSCI ESG Ratings AAA
3
• S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index • SOMPO Sustainability Index
2
 2
    1 FTSE Russell (the trading name of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company) confirms that IBIDEN Co., Ltd. has been independently assessed according to the FTSE4Good criteria and FTSE Blossom Japan criteria, and has satisfied the requirements to become constituents of both Index Series. Created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, these indices are designed to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices. These indices are used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
Visit below website for each index details.
FTSE4Good: http://www.ftse.com/products/indices/FTSE4Good
FTSE Blossom Japan Index: http://www.ftse.com/products/indices/blossom-japan
2 The inclusion of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. in any MSCI index, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement of promotion of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI indexes are the exclusive property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI index names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
3 The use by IBIDEN Co., Ltd. of any MSCI ESG RESEARCH LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of IBIDEN Co., Ltd. by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.

  Principal Shareholders (top 10)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Toyota Industries Corporation
The Juroku Bank, Ltd.
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505001 TAIJU LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
8.68
7.79 4.45 2.95 2.18 1.82
Introduction
Value Creation
12,136
10,897 6,221 4,130 3,043 2,539
ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
 Name of Shareholder
 The number of shares held
(thousands)
 Percentage of owned shares to outstanding shares (%)
   DENSO Corporation
  7,712
  5.51
   The Ogaki Kyoritsu Bank, Ltd.
  4,150
  2.97
  IBIDEN Partner Shareholding Association
  4,040
  2.89
  IBIDEN Employee Shareholding Association
  2,601
  1.86
  Breakdown by Type of Shareholder
Japanese brokerage firms
1.2%
Other domestic corporations
17.2%
Individuals and others
13.4%
Breakdown by Size of Holding
Treasury stock
0.7%
Japanese financial institutions
36.2%
Foreign corporations
31.3%
100-999
2.8%
1,000-9,999
5.3%
10,000-99,999
7.5%
100,000-999,999
25.2%
1-99
0.1%
Treasury stock
0.7%
         Stock Price Range and Trading Volume (Common Stock)
Stock Price (¥) 6,000
1,000,000-
58.4%
Nikkei Stock Average (closing) (¥) 30,000
25,000 20,000 15,000
Trading Volume (Millions of shares)
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
40 30 20 10
0
 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 2018 2019 2020 2021
  Stock Price (Left axis) Nikkei Stock Average (Upper right axis) Trading Volume (Lower right axis)
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 64

              IBIDEN Co., Ltd. https://www.ibiden.com/
2-1, Kanda-cho, Ogaki, Gifu
503-8604, Japan
Tel:+81-584-81-3111
Issued:ESG Promotion Group, Corporate Planning Division
  