ESG Management
Harmony with Nature
 Basic Approach
We conduct the environmental load reduction activity with all concerned people under IBIDEN way. By doing so, we strive to solve environmental challenges through our business operation and, in our capacity as a company, aggressively promote improvements in the environment for the next generation, with the ultimate goal of creating harmony with the global environment and building an enriched society.
 Use of clean energy
Refer to page 27-28 for details on the Environment Strategy / Response to Climate Change
Blessings from Our Ancestors with Hydroelectric
Power Generation
Hydraulic power generation is clean energy without greenhouse gas emissions. IBIDEN has owned and operated hydraulic power generation plants since our foundation, and currently operates three facilities located at the upstream section of Ibigawa River in Gifu Prefecture (27.90MW in total).
Contribution to Expansion of the Renewable
Energy Market by the Power Generation Business
Our Group company, IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd. has a track record in many power generation projects ranging from equipment for hydroelectric power plants and power substations to systems for solar power generation plants and small hydroelectric power plants, through an integrated approach, in which its business includes design proposal, construction and maintenance.
We will continue to promote business solutions for energy problems within and beyond the Group.
Water floating solar power generation plant (Certificated output:1.99MW)
Chemical Control
A variety of chemical substances are used in the manufacturing process in the Group. They may cause environmental pollution or pose health hazards to humans. It is a great responsibility for businesses to properly manage chemical substances to secure product safety, reduce environmental burdens, and promote occupational safety. Regarding chemical substances, the laws and regulations of each country, including the REACH Regulations and the RoHS Directive, as well as the standards demanded by our customers, are becoming increasingly stringent.
To prevent risks caused by chemical substances, we are working to properly manage chemical substances throughout the entire supply chain by identifying substances whose use should be eliminated or reduced in the Green Procurement Guidelines.
Visit our website for details of our environmental data. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/data/environment/
   Higashi-Yokoyama Power Plant
Low Carbon Energy by In-house Power
Generation
IBIDEN installed a highly energy efficient in-house power generation gas cogeneration system to generate low carbon energy.
Moreover, we install solar power generation equipment in each plant to generate renewable energy. In the future, we aim to establish a system whereby each plant is connected to our own power grid so that privately generated electricity
can be optimally
supplied in accordance
with demand between
each plant.
Gas engine cogeneration system
Visit our website for details of our environmental initiatives. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/environment/
    35 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021    
  Harmony with Nature Our recognition of SDGs issues
Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
 We will contribute to the supply of renewable energy including hydroelectric power generation, which is the origin of our business and solar power generation.
We will reduce environmental loads from the whole supply chain by properly managing the harmful chemical substances. We will reduce the environmental effect within our operational process. (reduction in water usage and waste)
We will contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions through our products and business.  Blessing of water
A large amount of water resources is used in the manufacturing process of electronic products, particularly for cleansing. Ogaki City in Gifu Prefecture, where our domestic production bases are concentrated, is rich in underground water thanks to the Ibigawa River system. However, water shortages are a serious problem in the world today.
We carry out risk assessment of water resources in-house by referring to data released by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and other data, and we have thus identified IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as our Group companies with a high water resource risk. IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing), which uses particularly large amounts of water, has been increasing the use of recycled water inside its industrial park since fiscal year 2012. As a result of such efforts, the ratio of water recycling has been maintained at over 90%.
Resource Circulating Activities
IBIDEN believes that it is an important responsibility of businesses to make effective use of the world’s scarce resources and to take part in a global effort to conserve resources. We promote the so-called 3R activity, which consists of initiatives to Reduce, Reuse and Recycle the resources we consume. In doing so, we aim to improve the resources efficiency.
Currently, each plant and Group companies are working on sorting out and recycling wastes. Together with improved production efficiency, we set a goal of reducing the waste basic unit by 5% in our Medium-Term Management Plan.
 TOPICS Initiatives IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing) Co., Ltd. takes to comply with the environmental regulations
 Beijing City has tightened its gas emission standard significantly, and IBIDEN Electronics (Beijing) Co., Ltd. has been named as a company subject to the regulation.
As a countermeasure, we checked all facilities in the factory to drive a thorough emission improvement measure on our manufacturing facilities such as leak prevention by sealing liquid medicament tank. As a result, we succeeded in a material reduction in emission (down by around 80 to 90%) and obtained a certificate as a green company from Beijing City in April 2020. The emission reduction also improved the factory environment such as odor, which raised employee satisfaction.
  Environmental Contribution through Business and Products
Our automobile exhaust parts contribute to realizing cleaner air by reducing particulate matter in emission gas. We will continue to develop high-efficiency and high- function intake and exhaust systems based on our ceramic molding and sintering technology which aim for cleaner emissions.
Our Group company, IBIDEN Greentec Co., Ltd. continues to provide new construction methods that
achieve both disaster prevention and environmental protection, such as the “Totally Green” method.
IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd. engages in the construction and maintenance of the renewable energy facilities.
  Slope constructed using the GT frame®
Solar power generation equipment
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 36