 IntroductionMain Operations and Core TechnologyCeramics
Aiming to create towns where people can continue to live their lives for generations as set out by SDG 11, we need to control the negative effects that our lives and activities have on the environment.
Contributes to the global improvement of air quality through the supply of diesel particulate filters (DPF), substrate holding mats (AFP) and SCR Catalysts (SCR) that purify exhaust gas from vehicles.
Growth Strategy P31
     Automobile
Many products are being used, including SiC-DPF (diesel particulate filter), which removes the black smoke emitted by diesel engines, catalysts for cleaning exhaust gases installed in exhaust pipes, and felt-like ceramic fibers (alumina fibers) that prevent leakage of exhaust gas by stabilizing catalysts.
   Core Technologies in Ceramics
Automotive Exhaust System Components (DPF·AFP)
Diesel Particulate Filter (DPF), have grown as a standard component of the industry due to their performance and reliability. In the category of Substrate Holding Mat (MAT), we also provide products that meet market trends, achieving a high reputation and share in the market. We will continue to develop high-performance products and to reduce damage to the environment for the next generation.
Graphite Specialty (FGM)
Made with the excellent properties of high strength, high purity and high durability, our graphite products are contributing to the growth of leading-edge industries of every type including high-grade materials for semiconductor manufacturing equipment, electrode materials for electric-discharge machining use, materials for solar cell manufacturing equipment, and more.
Visit our website for details of our ceramics operation. https://www.ibiden.com/product/ceramics/merchandise/
SiC-DPF Substrate Holding Mat
  Catalyst for Industrial Plants (SCR)
NOx reduction catalysts are used by customers around the world as a key component of systems to effectively and efficiently reduce the NOx content of exhaust gas, helping to improve the global environment.
High Temperature Insulation Material Offering excellent heat resistance and insulating performance, this is available as both material and formed products, and is widely used in industrial products such as sintered bodies and fuel cells.
  11 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 