 ESG Management
Human Resource Development
 Basic Approach
Employees are the driving force that enables us to run our business and provide the public with valued service. We aim to create vibrant workplaces in which each individual employee derives a sense of satisfaction and achievement from gaining a thorough understanding of the Company’s management policies and business strategies, and from having a role to play that enables each employee to contribute to both the Company and society.
For the development of human resources which is one of the pillars of our Medium-Term Management Plan, we have been implementing five measures of (1) Creation of environment in which diverse employees can play active roles as part of the work style reform to achieve a good work-life balance.; (2) Productivity improvement; (3) IT utilization; (4) Human resource training system; and (5) Thorough working hour management.
 Creation of Environment in which Diverse Employees Can Play Active Roles
Our Group aims to realize a work environment and climate in which diverse human resources can exercise their individual abilities and can feel reasons for living and job satisfaction amidst a trend of advancing globalization and diversification of values.
Female Advancement
The Company launched an initiative called Act on Promotion for Women’s Empowerment in FY2017, and has been promoting activities to achieve a goal of having at least five female managers (i.e. middle manager and above). As a result, we achieved the goal in April 2021.
The number of female managers and candidates is steadily increasing.
Acquisition of Childcare Leave and other related
leave by Male Employees
Due to the efforts we made to enhance and promote the worklife balance support system, more male employees are proactively participating in child rearing and becoming aware of the importance of the balance between work and personal life. In FY2020, the acquisition rate of childcare leave and the average number of days for childcare leave taken by male employees are as follows.April 2016
April 2021FY2020
Division manager level
Middle manager level
Junior manager level
Scope: IBIDEN Co., Ltd. 0 2
0 3
3 15
Rate of employees taking childcare leave and other related leave 1 by male employees Average number of days of childcare leave 2 taken by male employees
Scope: IBIDEN Co., Ltd. 91%
56 days
     1 “Childcare leave and other related leave” refers to childcare leave and special leave for childbirth that can be taken for the purpose of rearing a child up to one year of age. Both types of leave apply to both male and female employees.
2 It is a statutory childcare leave system, and the acquisition rate of childcare leave taken by male employee is 17%.
Skill Development for Persons with Disabilities
In April 2019, IBIDEN OASIS Co., Ltd. was certified as a special subsidiary company, and started its operation. In addition to its basic operations of environmental maintenance in the IBIDEN Group plants, the company made efforts in FY2020 to develop new skills by receiving orders of agricultural work from outside of the Group and creating original goods.
 Renewed target
Term: Five years from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2026
To promote at least 10 female employees to a managerial positionTOPICS Acquisition of “Platinum Kurumin” CertificationIn September 2020, IBIDEN was certified as Platinum Kurumin as the first private firm located in Gifu Prefecture.
Under the Act on Advancement of
Measures to Support Raising Next-
Generation Children, Ministry of Health,
Labour and Welfare authorizes the companies that are actively supporting work and childcare balance as Kurumin certified companies. Platinum Kurumin is a special authorization awarded to the selective Kurumin certified companies that meet the higher standard. Especially, they recognized the following aspects: childcare leave taken by male employees, activities to promote women’s active participation in the workplace, and initiatives for working hour management are recognized. All of them resulted in winning the certification.
  37 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
 
  Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Human Resource Development Our recognition of SDGs issues
  We aim to realize a work environment where diverse human resources, including female employees, people with disabilities and foreign workers, can exercise their abilities, thereby creating an active corporate culture.
By utilizing IT tools and taking other measures to achieve efficiency, we will realize both rewarding work for employees and high productivity.
We will foster a corporate culture that minimizes risks for employees and negative impact on their health, and gives priority to safety.
  Senior Employees Playing Active Roles
In response to an increase in senior employees and changes of the social environment in Japan, we introduced a system to extend the mandatory retirement age to 65 from FY2020. We also established a reward system based on the employees’ roles and achievements to keep them motivated and encourage them to play an active role. In April 2021, we also established a division to perform jigs and tools maintenance with a view to expand the workplace
where senior employees can demonstrate their skills.
Support for Junior Employee Retention
In a bid to support new employees in becoming a part of their assigned workplaces and contributing to the company early on in their careers, we have established a mentor system in which senior members around new employees in the workplace support them. Under this system, new employees appoint senior members as their own mentors. The mentors then provide their mentees with advice on how to arrange their work and on their specialized fields, help the mentees cooperate with other divisions and departments, and listen to the mentees when
they seek advice on a variety of matters, whether job related or otherwise, thereby supporting every new employee in starting his/her career development.
   Productivity Improvement and IT Utilization
We promote the use of IT technology aggressively to keep competitive advantage continuously. At Ogaki Central Plant where high-function IC package substrates are put into mass production, we use ICT to network all equipment information to maximize production efficiency, stabilize and enhance product quality, and reduce cost. Advanced data analysis driven by accumulating various data from facility abnormality to quality information and processing information helps accelerate an improvement.
We facilitate to digitalize the operational process in functional departments by introducing a system to approve without Inkan (a personal stamp used instead of signature in Japan) and RPA*. Such initiatives help to
Human Resource Training System
The Company has established Systematic human resource training systems in an effort to develop the human resources necessary to accurately grasp changes in the business environment and create new products and technologies.
Specifically, we implement standardized education across the Company (stratified training programs by age group and by job grade) and provide specialized education for selected personnel based on our basic education and training structure. The training programs by age group were completely revised from life plan-based training to career plan-based training in line with changes in our times such as the extension of the mandatory retirement age to 65, while in specialized education, we opened the Human Resource Development Center in 2017. Following the integration of the Center into the Human Resources Division in April 2021, systems are in place
Visit our website for details of our human resource management. https://www.ibiden.com/esg/social/talent-management/
enhance efficiency by creating an environment that
enables to keep the operation safe while working remotely
even in the spread of COVID-19.
RPA: Robotic Process Automation
(RPA is a technology to automate routine computer tasks with software robot)
Smart manufacturing system
for conducting the education of personnel capable of underpinning manufacturing operations, in a manner consistent with the company’s personnel strategy.
We also focus on the development of personnel who can flourish globally by promoting not only foreign language but also cross-cultural communication training programs.
Fundamental training on facilities
    IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 38