 ESG ManagementSupply Chain Management
  To earn the trust of international community while operating business globally, both the Group and the entire supply chain must responsibly take actions that respond to social demands.
Contributing SDGs
 Basic Approach
 Basic Procurement Policy
1 We will comply with laws, regulations and customs and build relationships based on mutual cooperation and trust with suppliers.
2 We will offer fair trading opportunities to suppliers.
3 We will fulfill our human rights, environmental and other social responsibilities
through our procurement activities.
IBIDEN Group Supplier CSR Guidelines
In 2009, we issued the IBIDEN Group Green Procurement Guidelines, which stipulated the rules to procure the parts and raw materials that are low environmental burden. Also in 2011, we published the IBIDEN Group Supplier CSR Guidelines (hereinafter “CSR Guidelines”), which laid out
Measures for Supply Chain Management
Communication and Cooperation with Supplier
We conduct CSR surveys for suppliers to check the actual situation of suppliers and promote improvements. If deemed necessary for any of the suppliers to improve on any important items, we conduct audits and site visits to confirm the status and request that such supplier make corrections and improvements as needed. We ask new suppliers to pledge to comply with the CSR Guidelines, and check the status of ethical efforts including labor, environment, safety and anti-corruption of suppliers using the CSR survey before commencing business transactions.
Our supply chain management is not limited to the suppliers from whom we procure materials, but extends
the requirements on labor, health and safety, environmental protection, ethics and fair business practices for the entire supply chain including risk of human-rights abuse such as forced labor, fraud prevention, and green procurement.
to our contractors and staffing companies. To ensure the soundness of the supply chain, we periodically share information through personal interviews and confirm the current status in cooperation with our suppliers.
Suppliers’ Compliance Counter
We set up a “compliance counter” for our suppliers to which suppliers can report any compliance problem while dealing with the Company. As with the compliance counter for our internal employees, information will be handled with the utmost care for privacy and the supplier will never suffer prejudicial treatment for contacting the counter.
  Responsible Sourcing of Resources (Conflict Minerals )
The Group is very concerned about the issue of responsible sourcing of conflict minerals and is addressing the situation with a sense of social responsibility toward the products it offers. Our “CSR Guidelines” clearly state that the suppliers should refrain from illegal mining in conflict areas as well as procuring resources that may support human rights violations.
Visit our website for details of our supply chain management https://www.ibiden.com/esg/social/suppliers/
The Company tries its best to avoid contributing to illegal operations and human rights violations by not utilizing minerals illegally mined in conflict areas. Furthermore, we will conduct reasonable investigations into the mineral supply routes and disclose the findings in
good faith.
The targets are tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold, and cobalt.
 41 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 
    Introduction Value Creation ESG Financial and Management Corporate Data
Quality Management
 Basic Approach
By consistently developing cutting-edge technologies, IBIDEN contributes to the creation of a comfortable IT society as well as a society where cars and nature coexist through the proposal and supply of high-value-added products. Based on its “customer first” policy, the Group meets the needs of customers through unique technologies and designs that take into account the global environment. We understand that our greatest mission is to consistently supply safe and reliable products.
 The Basic Policy for the Quality
Electronics
Ceramics
Based on the concept of quality first, we will achieve customer satisfaction by clearly grasping customer needs and producing and providing reliable products through IBI-TECHNO.
Through IBI-TECHNO, we will incorporate customers’ real and potential needs and add values to such needs while striving to provide moving experiences to customers through our product making, which continually gives top priority to quality.IBIDEN Management System “IMS”
IBIDEN globally adopts the IBIDEN Management System (IMS) which aims to continuously improve the Group’s business competitiveness and customer satisfaction level. Based on quality management systems ISO9001 and IATF16949, we integrated environment management system ISO14001, occupational health and safety management system ISO45001, and corporate management systems to improve the quality of every single operation process. We will continue to build and operate systems that allow us to provide high quality products globally so that we can offer products and services exceeding the expectations of society and our customers.
TOPICS ISO Multi-site Certification
Measures to improve quality
IBIDEN is striving to contribute to society and customers through product quality. We hold design review meetings and quality assurance meetings at each process phase from development of cutting-edge technologies, product planning, and to mass production in order to check the design and specification. To improve quality further, we offer guidance and audits, including assessment by the president, at workplaces in Japan and overseas and group companies on quality improvement. In addition, we also provide support and guidance to our suppliers for the purpose of quality improvement.
 So far, the Group has acquired management certification at each site globally. However, to establish the management system with the same quality level at each site around the world, we are working to obtain multi-site certification. In FY2020, five domestic and overseas sites are simultaneously examined, and then obtained several multi-site certifications, including ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO45001, and IATF16949, which demonstrates our unified management system is effective, including overseas sites. (Examination period: January 2021 to March 2021)
Going forward, we will expand the number of applicable sites, leveraging the unified management system as a company operating globally.
1 Including the Group companies operating within IBIDEN plants such as IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd. (water treatment), IBIDEN Chemical Co., Ltd, IBIDEN Graphite Co., Ltd., and IBIKEN CO., LTD. (construction painting)
2 Some of them are expected to be certified in FY2021.Status of certification
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. 1IBIDEN Philippines Inc.IBIDEN Electronics MalaysiaIBIDEN Electronics (Beijing)IBIDEN Graphite Korea Co., Ltd.IBIDEN Hungary Kft.Micro- Mech,Inc.IBIDEN Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 2Certified in FY2020Certified in FY2020Expected to be certified in FY2021Plan to apply in FY2022 onwardCertified in FY2020Certified in FY2020Expected to be certified in FY2021Certified in FY2020IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 42