Important Issue 3
     Human Resource Management
Securing Superior Human Resources, Ensuring Diversity
Human Resource Development Policies
1. Development of Professional Workers
We aim to train professional human resources who have high market value and can work on their own initiative.
(1) People possessing advanced, specialized skills
(2) People who recognize and achieve their roles and goals (3) People who raise and solve issues themselves
(4) People who demonstrate leadership in the workplace
2. Development of Autonomous Personnel
Switch to human resources able to work on their own initiative through their own motivation
Promotion Committee chaired by a senior management member, we are aiming for a human resource group capable of successfully contributing to improvements in Company performance. We are creating environments in which we can maximize the abilities of diverse employees, including women, seniors, people with disabilities and members of the LGBT community, and enable them to take an active part in our Company.
● Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement In addition to environments that facilitate women in working for many years, we will maintain work environments that enable women to develop their careers and implement measures aimed at having 10.0% or more of managerial positions occupied by women. As of the end of April 2019, the ratio had risen to 8.9% compared with 6.8% as of the end of April 2018. We also have created environments in which women can play active roles in all workplaces, and women have been active at manufacturing sites since FY2019.
● Retiree Reemployment System
In reemploying all applicants as“senior challenge staff,”we conduct monozukuri (manufacturing) by handing down the techniques and skills that make the best use of the experience they have accumulated over many years.
● Employment of People with Disabilities
We appreciate the aptitudes of people with disabilities and are actively working to create opportunities for them to demonstrate their abilities.
▶Education Courses
Education programs for our employees are supported by three
pillars: in-house on-the-job training, external education to learn skills and abilities, and assisting self-development. In recent years, we have focused on joint training with other companies to nurture next-generation leaders and enhancing our brother/sister program (reinforcement of a backup support system for new employees) aimed at having a new employee leaving rate of 0% three years after joining the Company. The Company is focusing its attention on human resource
  Human Resource Philosophy
 Respect for Humanity
Our fundamental human resource philosophy is rooted in the idea that our people are our assets and must be nurtured and treasured.
Our basic understanding is that the growth of our people will support the growth of the Company. The employees are supposed to actively play their roles in each workplace; learn, grow and exhibit their capabilities; and try to fulfill themselves. This way, we believe that they become the power of prosperity of the Company and the source to make it eternal.
The Company also supports the maintaining and improving of employee health, which form a cornerstone of individual employee self-fulfillment.
Respect for Human Rights and Diversity
▶Efforts to Prevent Harassment
We are trying to prevent harassment through, for example,
educational programs in hierarchical training courses. Several persons are selected as contacts, even from outside the Personnel Department, so that anyone can easily find someone to talk to and get advice from, and in addition, whistleblower portals inside and outside the Company are in place.
▶Work-Style Reforms
● Work-Life Balance
Since the Company’s Chairman and CEO, SAKAMOTO Takashi, is concurrently serving as the chairperson of the Kyoto Labor Standards Association, we are taking the initiative to support activities that balance work and family life. For FY2018, the actual ratio of annual paid leave taken was 68.5%. From FY2019, we will introduce the taking of annual leave in hourly increments and, in the years to come, promote initiatives toward achieving 70%, which is the Cabinet Office’s target. There has been an increase in men taking childcare leave in recent years. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, 57% of those using childcare leave were men.
● Introduction of Telecommuting System
We are introducing a telecommuting system from the current fiscal year. We are reforming the human resource system to improve work productivity and realize diverse work styles.
▶Promotion of Employee Participation and Advancement Having set up an Employee Participation and Advancement
Human Resource Development/Education
▶Global Human Resource Development We are undertaking a variety of projects based on the DKS Group’s globalization strategy.
The efforts on which we are focusing involve conducting three types of training: global mind-set training to make young employees more overseas-aware from an early stage; cross-cultural understanding and skills training sessions for mid-level employees; and in-house, selective training involving visits to subsidiaries geared toward employees with high global awareness.
In addition, we have opened an in-house language school and are actively recruiting non-Japanese nationals. We will continue to accelerate the globalization of the
DKS Group.
38 DKS REPORT 2019
training in other areas as well, including by bolstering its support of employees aiming to improve their own abilities, be it through correspondence learning, the acquisition of qualifications or other forms of self-development.
General view of a training session
   
  Efforts in Healthy Company Management
We aim to bolster the Company’s productivity, and thus its corporate value, by maintaining and improving the health of our employees, which is a key RETURN component in the REACT matrix of action guidelines targeting Sustainable Development Goal No. 3: Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages.
HealthyCompanyDeclaration RegardingitsemployeesasCompanyassets,DKSwillstrivetomaintainandimprovetheirhealth.Chairman&CEO,SAKAMOTOTakashi
Concept of Healthy Company Management
Healthy Company Declaration
      Prevent disease and mental health issues by health management
Plan Action
Work and live in a safe and healthy environment
   ● Formulate measures to prevent lifestyle-related diseases
● Regularhealthcheckups,specialhealthcheckups,specifichealthguidance ● Mental care: internal and external EAP*, stress checks
● In-house education: e-learning, group training, etc.
● Improve conditions of company premises and housing: amenity
  ● Formulate health management targets
● Develop internal company communication
● Improve the workplace environment
Do Check
facilities, measures to prevent passive smoking, etc. ● Look into absenteeism and presenteeism
● Holding of events involving exercise
    ● Themanagementunderstandshealthcheckupdataand mental health survey results
● Inspect workplaces, monitor working environments
● Interview after health checkup and summarize results ● Follow-up after stress checks
● Third-party assessment by external institutions: DBJ
HealthManagementrating,White500(CertifiedHealth andProductivityManagementOrganizations)
*EAP: Employee Assistance Program
● In-housesharingofhealthcheckupresultsdata
● Internalandexternalreleaseofanassessmentbyexternalinstitutions
● Exploreroutesforimprovementbasedonanassessmentbyexternalinstitutions ● Explorenexthealthmanagementtargetsbasedonhealthcheckupresultsand
secondary data
Efforts in Healthy Company Management
For the second successive year, DKS was recognized as a White 500 Organization, receiving certification from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) as an outstanding entity engaging in health and productivity management. Four of our subsidiaries also received certification.
We also acquired the highest health management rating from the Development Bank of Japan Inc. (DBJ) for the second consecutive year.
The purpose of acquiring the ratings is to assess Company efforts through the eyes of external organizations, which could lead to further improvements in corporate value in the years to come.
Internal Communications
▶Holding of“Festa”
We hold festa, which are festivals for each region, to promote
the good health of employees and their families and broad exchanges. Elaborately planned events, such as a mochi-pounding festival, a bowling tournament, a tuna filleting show and chartering a sightseeing boat on the Uji River are useful in facilitating active inter-departmental and intergenerational communications.
▶Health Management Initiatives
The Company’s health checkup participation rate, the re-checkup
participation rate, the health guidance implementation rate and the stress check rate all stand at 100%. We support daily exercise with morning calisthenics and the holding of walking events and provide nutritious and well-balanced meals at canteens. We encourage measures to prevent passive smoking, educate all employees on how best to prevent lifestyle-related diseases, provide fully Company-subsidized influenza vaccinations while subsidizing the cost of breast cancer screening, dental screening and treatments to quit smoking. The Company has established internal and external contact centers for mental and physical issues, extending acceptance to family members such as parents. We provide mental health education for all our employees and for employees who work long hours, and we have established interviews with occupational physicians that exceed the statutory requirements. Health measures for employees are planned, implemented, and investigated at meetings attended by management, as we believe the enhanced health of our employees bolsters the overall strength of the Company.
▶Information Transmission inside the Company
Publishing the in-house newsletter“DKSCOM”every other month, our Public & Investor Relations Department works to instill the management policies and visions, as well as to foster communications within the Company. Feedback is also taken into consideration in planning the newsletters so that information can be disseminated and clearly understood by all employees in a timely fashion.
      DKS REPORT 2019 39