 Business Foundations
Important Issue 5
     Responsibility as a Global Company
Corporate Governance
Basic ConceptWe are operating the business based on our Company Credo“contributing to the nation and society through industry”along with our three Company Mottoes̶“Quality F i r s t , ”“ C o s t R e d u c t i o n ” a n d “ R & D E f f o r t s , ” w h i c h w e r e t h e founders’spirit. To aim for the establishment of a manage- ment base that can gain and maintain the trust of society, as well as to conduct transparent and fair corporate activities that are rooted in corporate social responsibility (CSR), we pursue higher governance as management policy and position it as one of our most important tasks. As a specific measure to achieve this, the DKS Board of
Directors passed a resolution establishing a basic policy for our internal control system in May 2006.
Through these practices, we will strengthen our
m a n a g e m e n t b a s e s o t h a t w e c a n e a r n h i g h t r u s t f r o m a l l stakeholders, including our customers and society. We also believe it is important to conduct corporate activities with transparency and fairness rooted in CSR.
For an overview of corporate governance at DKS, please refer to page 27 and the following pages in our Securities Report for FY2018 at the following URL (Japanese only):
▶ https://www.dks-web.co.jp/ir/img/annual_security_report_ h31_3.pdf
Status of Our Response to the CG Code
We hereby provide the reasons for not implementing the following 10 principles as part of our compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.
▶Corporate Governance Code Principles for which DKS is Not in Compliance and the Reasons for Non-Compliance
[Supplementary Principle 1-2-4]
Given that the shareholding ratio for overseas investors at DKS is only about 12%, we have determined that it is not necessary to provide an English translation of the Notice of Convocation at this time. To make it easier for overseas investors to exercise their voting rights, we will consider providing an English translation when the shareholding ratio for overseas investors exceeds 20%.
[Principle 1-4. Cross-Shareholdings]
DKS maintains cross-shareholdings for the purpose of strengthening its relationships with its business partners. Our holdings are verified based on risks and returns from a medium- to long-term perspective and continually reviewed based on suitability of ownership, considering the purpose of ownership, the rationality of investment and the investment amount. Voting rights on cross-shareholdings are exercised in consideration of whether the given proposal will contribute to enhanced medium- to long-term corporate and shareholder value for the DKS Group and the investee company.
[Principle 2-6. Roles of Corporate Pension Funds as Asset Owners]
DKS has introduced a“defined benefit-type corporate pension plan”and a“defined contribution-type corporate pension plan.”We have established“pension rules”for the“defined benefit-type corporate pension plan”and in accordance with our basic policy have defined an optimal asset composition ratio and appointed a management agency we believe best suited for stable pension management over the medium to long term. With the goal of ensuring proper management, we regularly request from this agency reports on operational policies and the status of assets. We ensure that there is no conflict of interest between the beneficiary and the Company by entrusting individual investment decisions and the exercise of voting rights to the asset management agency.
The corporate pension plans are designed to ensure low operating risk and appropriate management, with the latter achieved through regular communication with the specialized asset management agency. We accordingly believe there is little need for DKS to actively recruit and maintain human resources specializing in pension asset management.
[Supplementary Principle 4-1-3]
The succession planning for the CEO and other top executives remains a most important matter for company continuity, and it is important to carefully judge evident and potential management ability. Succession planning is a matter solely for the chief executive officer, who is familiar with the inner workings of the Company. DKS plans to establish and operate a successor development committee with outside executives as members, as we believe it is important to listen to the opinions of our outside directors in regard to the qualities and attributes of potential candidates.
[Supplementary Principle 4-10-1]
The three independent outside directors do not constitute a majority on the DKS Board of Directors. However, in addition to monthly Board of Directors meetings, external executive officers hold meetings every other month and one“free meeting”is held for external directors and representative directors each year. These meetings allow the sharing of information regarding the state of the Company and current management issues, as well as communication and coordina- tion with management and cooperation with the auditors and audit & supervisory board members. In addition, the indepen- dent outside directors provide advice and commentary on important matters, including nominations and remuneration, at the outside directors’meetings. We therefore believe it is not necessary at this time to establish independent committees such as a nomination committee or a remuneration committee.
[Principle 4-11. Preconditions for Board and Audit and Supervisory Board Effectiveness]
The Board of Directors is composed of company employees with knowledge and experience in a variety of fields, including sales, production, research, purchasing, logistics, planning, accounting and finance, and human resources and management, as well as those with management experience overseas. Those from outside the company have a wealth of experience and special- ized knowledge from working in life insurance companies, as well as in manufacturing companies operating in domains separate from those of DKS, and government agencies focused on working conditions and occupational health and safety. We believe diversity, including that relative to gender, still shows room for improvement, though any person who is recognized as having the proper qualifications will be considered as a candidate for the Board of Directors. On the whole, we believe the Board of Directors and the Audit and Supervisory Board are well-versed with the business and have achieved a level of diversity and effectiveness with functional financial checks.
 44 DKS REPORT 2019
   [Supplementary Principle 4-11-3]
Verification of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors is conducted on an annual basis, with self-assessments by all directors and auditors based on questions prepared by the Secretary's Office of the Board of Directors. The replies are collected by the Secretary's Office, where they are then analyzed and given an
Executive Remuneration
▶Director Remuneration
Director remuneration consists of 1) fixed remuneration, 2) performance-linked remuneration to provide incentives and 3) stock-linked compensation to accentuate the sharing of value with shareholders. However, remuneration for outside directors consists of 1) fixed remuneration and 2) stock-linked compensation.
Fixed Remuneration
Fixed remuneration is set based on the scope of operations for which each director is responsible, as well as his or her position, and is paid on a monthly basis.
Performance-Linked Remuneration
Based on an annual performance evaluation of the Company as a whole in the previous fiscal year, and performance evaluations of the division of which each director is in charge that are conducted twice a year, performance-linked remuneration factors in consolidated sales, recurring profit and operating cash flow, with the allocation as a set position-based percentage of the whole.
Stock-Linked Remuneration
Having introduced restricted stock-linked compensation based on the scope of operations for which each director is responsible in his or her position, we set specific allocations for the monetary compensation that provides a bonus for the granting of shares with restriction on transfer.
● Executive Remuneration (Fiscal year ended March 2019)
Directors
(excluding outside directors)
Audit & supervisory board members (excluding outside audit & supervisory board members)
Outside executives
assessment by the outside executives and full-time auditors. In the previous fiscal year, the outside executives and full-time auditors found the Board of Directors' effectiveness to be at a generally appropriate level, with the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole deemed as sufficient. DKS does not disclose a summary of the analysis or evaluations results.
Of the above, as determined by resolution at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 25, 2019, 1) fixed remuneration and 2) performance-linked remuneration are set to a maximum amount of ¥30 million per month (equating to ¥360 million per annum, which does not include the wage salaries of individuals serving concurrently as employees and executives). As determined by resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2017, 3) stock-linked compensation is set to a maximum of ¥100 million per annum (of which the portion for outside directors shall be ¥6 million or less per year, and which does not include the wage salaries of individuals serving concurrently as employees and executives). In addition, the total number of shares of common stock that the Company will thus issue or dispose of is to be up to a maximum of 100,000 shares per annum.
Having been drafted by the representative directors, all the above is paid upon the passing of a resolution by the Board of Directors.
▶Audit & Supervisory Board Member Remuneration
Audit & Supervisory Board member remuneration consists of 1) fixed remuneration and 2) stock remuneration based on audits conducted and the role played in promoting shareholder interests.
11
3 6
      Executive position
Total remuneration (Millions of yen)
277
41
30
Total by type of remuneration (Millions of yen)
180
38
27
71
ー
ー
Stock-linked
24
3
2
Number of executives
   Fixed
Performance-linked
          ● Significant Portion of Salary Paid to Executive Directors Who Concurrently Serve as Employees (Fiscal year ended March 2019)
 Total (Millions of yen)
 Number of executives
 Details
58 7 Salary (including bonuses) as employees
  DKS REPORT 2019 45
 Data Business Foundations Five Operating Segments About the DKS Group

   Business Foundations
Important Issue 5
     Responsibility as a Global Company
Compliance
Corporate Philosophy
The corporate philosophy around which the Company forms the basis of its actions is indicated in our Company credo, Company mottoes and Code of Corporate Ethics. These are also outlined in our Declaration of Action by Board Members and Employees. We post these in-house so that all employees can always act with them in mind, and we provide a pocket-sized Corporate Philosophy Handbook to all Company employees. The Company also conducts e-learning activities explaining our philosophy, with tests given to confirm understanding.
▶Code of Corporate Ethics
To establish corporate ethics that contribute to putting the Company policies into practice, we established a six-item set of principles as the Code of Corporate Ethics and adhere to the word and spirit of all laws and regulations, as well as international rules. We also respect the culture and customs of each country and region where we conduct our business activities and declare that we will act with social common sense.
Compliance in Practice
▶Compliance Control Committee
The Compliance Control Committee is charged with establishing and maintaining the Company’s compliance system.
Since its establishment in 2004, the Compliance Control Committee has been continuously engaged in building the compliance system, implementing educational activities to entrench compliance practices in our employees and conducting surveys to ensure understanding of the compliance system.
▶Corporate Ethics Month
The Compliance Control Committee has designated October every year to be Corporate Ethics Month and conducts activities during the month, including educational activities and the dissemination of information, centered on a particular theme. The theme for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, was employees confirming and following company rules. Activities focused on the importance of conducting business with a full understanding of the rules, with the Committee reviewing all established rules and regulations for deficiencies and subsequent revisions.
▶Whistleblower Hotlines
DKS has established whistleblower hotlines where employees can consult on and report possible violations to established laws and regulations.
While the Company already had an internal hotline, DKS in 2016 established an external hotline as well, with instructions on use distributed internally, including through the Company intranet.
▶Declaration of Action by Board Members and Employees
Regarding the six-item set of principles established as the Code of Corporate Ethics, we broke down the content as to what kind of behavior is actually required, clearly state the guidelines for the actions of executives and employees (including seconded and contract employees, as well as temporary employees) and declare that these guidelines will be implemented as a code of conduct.
Basic Concept
  Since the Compliance Control Committee was established in 2004, our Company has been continuously engaged in the building and maintenance of our compliance system, as well as in activities to instill compliance practices in our employees. Recognizing that compliance activities are indispensable for continuing as a sound company, we will further strengthen our activities in the years to come.
    46 DKS REPORT 2019
Corporate philosophy handbook
Code of Corporate Ethics
 ▶Compliance Awareness Survey
We conduct a Compliance Awareness Survey for all employees each December with the aim of accurately understanding the effects from activities aimed at further instilling compliance practices. Based on employee awareness of key issues, we use the results to determine initiatives for next year.
The fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, was the 14th consecutive year the Company has implemented the Awareness Survey.
Initially, internal awareness was rather low, and the response rate for the survey was only about 76% for the Company as a whole. However, improved penetration and the ongoing activities contributed to a response rate of 99% for the 14th survey.
The survey contains the same fixed questions each time, focuses on issues deemed important for that year and confirms the results from that year’s Corporate Ethics Month.
《Sample Items in the Awareness Survey》
● Highly transparent management has been achieved through the appropriate disclosure of information
100 80 60 40 20 0
No transparency ■ Fair transparency ■
Slight transparency ■ Good transparency ■
 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (year)
We intend to continue to raise awareness of compliance and strengthen our activities aimed at ensuring that employees comply with all laws and regulations.

  Risk Management (Risks and Responses to Them)
Basic ConceptDiverse and becoming more complex, the corporate risks surrounding the Company could result in increased adverse impacts on the Company itself, as well as on employees, shareholders, customers and local communities. We position risk management as an important management issue and are taking steps to prevent potential risks and prevent the spread of risks that have already manifested.
Risk Management
To address Group risk, we have established a Risk Management Control Committee that meets on a regular basis and is composed of representatives of each department, with the director in charge serving as the chairperson.
With a focus on developing and standardizing the risk management system, the Committee determines an action plan and reviews results, identifying potential risks and considering countermeasures.
In Japan and overseas, the Company and its subsidiaries are working to operate and maintain crisis management systems on a daily basis so that we can communicate risk crisis information as soon as possible, ascertain the situation and take appropriate measures. To deal with potential and/or evident risks, we have taken several steps, including establishing and maintaining Risk Management Procedures, Product Liability (PL) Prevention and Management Procedures and Information Security Rules.
Major initiatives implemented in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, included the extraction of risks and implementation of countermeasures in each department, the implementation of measures to prevent information leakages and notifications to overseas travelers through groupware calling attention to these leaks.
We believe it is important for employees to understand concepts such as“risk management,”“crisis management”and
“business continuity management”(focusing on responding to interruptions in business) and to view the establishment of activities entrenching these concepts as vitally important.
With renewed recognition, we will promote further management education, including e-learning, in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020.
  Business Continuity Plan (BCP) and Disaster Countermeasures
 BCP is an abbreviation for Business Continuity Plan, which allows a company to maintain critical operations when it is affected by an unforeseen natural disaster such as an earthquake. Even if business activities are unavoidably interrupted, the BCP focuses on restarting important functions within the recovery time objective and minimizing the risks involved in interrupted operations.
We have created a BCP for a large-scale earthquake and the outbreak of a highly virulent H1N1-type influenza. We also have created a BCP for logistics operations in the event of an earthquake or torrential rain. We are regularly reviewing and updating our BCPs.
▶Disaster Preparedness
In the event of a crisis, our Risk Management Manual
establishes management levels in line with the crisis, with the person in charge in line with those risk management levels tasked with risk management.
Noting the increased occurrence of abnormal weather conditions, such as torrential rain, typhoons and abnormal temperatures, our annual preparation for natural disasters includes training on understanding and reporting the safety
Information Security
Through the optimization of infrastructure and the ensuring of security, we provide high-quality services protecting against disasters and cyberattacks, while simultaneously promoting robust and sustainable industrialization and the expansion of technological innovation.
Within the Company, we are creating a system ensuring
situations of employees and damage conditions, as well as ways to improve disaster response and employee awareness. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the safety confirmation system linked to the Japan Meteorological Agency information was used four times to confirm the safety of each department using companywide PCs and mobile phones. We will continue training in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, to make sure all employees are registered in the safety confirmation system and through safety confirmation training we will reaffirm the reporting procedure via the responsible parties.
● Business Continuity Plan (BCP) Outline
   Before 100%
After (initial responses and BC response)
Disaster strikes
To continue business above the lowest permissible level
To recover the degree of operation within the permissible time
Recovery
Objectives
Lowest permissible level
Time
   Risk Management LevelIUnderstanding risk possibilities under normal operationRisk Management LevelIIRisks to be coped with within plants, branches, offices and subsidiariesRisk Management LevelIIIRisks to be coped with within divisions (including subsidiaries)Risk Management Level IVRisks to be coped with CompanywideRisk Management Level VUnexpected risksObjectives
Lowest permissible level
Present anticipated recovery curve Recovery curve after implementation of BCP
Source: Cabinet Office, Business Continuity Guidelines, Third Edition
information security by established information security policies, countermeasure standards and implementation procedures. Recognizing the importance of the internal control system, the Internal Audit Department conducts internal audits while independent auditors conduct outside audits.
  DKS REPORT 2019 47