KOSÉ REPORT 2020
Integrated Report
    Creating Beauty in
a Sustainable World
 For People
A source of adaptable products and services
Support for a beautiful, healthy and happy life
Help create a world with true gender equality
 For the Earth
Use the theme of beauty to help solve environmental issues
Environmental programs in areas where KOSÉ operates
Lower the overall environmental impact of business operations
      Sound corporate governance
Respect for human rights
Human resource development
Business operations with transparency and fairness
Only the safest, most reliable, high-quality products
Customer’s perspective
Statement of Purpose
Create a culture and values embodying a distinctive beauty through a sophisticated fusion of sensuousness and intelligence.
2 4 6 8
Editorial Policy
This report aims to provide stakeholders with a deeper understanding of the KOSÉ Group's activities by presenting not only financial information, but also non-financial information including management policies, strategies and approaches behind the scenes. Please refer to our website for information related to IR and sustainability.
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements about KOSÉ Corporation’s future plans, strategies, and performance that are not historical facts. Risks and uncertainties resulting from changes in the business environment may have a significant effect on actual business results. Please also note that we shall not be held responsible for any omissions or errors in data and content in this document.
Sustainability
Mind to the Right
Follow Path
KOSÉ’s Value Creation
   Message from the President
The Path of Value Creation
Value Creation Process
Feature 1: Strengths of the KOSÉ Group
Brands at a Glance 12
Sustainability Activities
For People
For the Earth
Mind to Follow the Right Path 39
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Strategy Section
14
16
20
Corporate Governance
President’s Commentary on Strategy
Feature 2: Value Creation by the KOSÉ Group Strategies by Region 22
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Career Histories
As a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact, 54 the KOSÉ Group is contributing to the achievement of 56 the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Financial Section
26 10-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data 58 30 Principal Group Companies 60 34 Corporate Information/Stock Information 61
Messages from External Directors 45 Corporate Governance 46

        KOSÉ’s Value Creation
Message from the President
2 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 3
We aim to be a company with a global presence and exceptional customer loyalty.
Since its founding in 1946, the KOSÉ Group’s mission has been to give people dreams and hopes through beauty. In 1991, we codified this idea in our Statement of Purpose—“Create a culture and values embodying a distinctive beauty through a sophisticated fusion of sensuousness and intelligence”—under which we have continued to grow steadily to the present day. Moreover, our Corporate Message, which was announced at the same time and redefined in 2020 as “Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World,” incorporates our strong determination to share all our wisdom related to beauty as a “company that creates beauty” in order to benefit people and our precious Earth.
The beauty we have in mind is the ability for us all to express ourselves as we are, freely and with confidence, and to be able to lead healthy, happy lives. We also recognize the importance of a society in which everyone recognizes each other’s individuality and a global environment where we and future generations can continue to live with peace of mind.
Under its medium-to-long-term VISION 2026, the KOSÉ Group aims to evolve into a company with a global presence and exceptional customer loyalty. We are dedicated to being a source of beauty for everyone, and continue to take the lead in creating unique forms of value that we deliver through a wide range of original and attractive brands. In doing so, we aim to be the company of choice for as many stakeholders as possible. This also means that we will become a company that contributes to our precious Earth through our business activities. To make this stance clearer, we formulated the new KOSÉ Sustainability Plan in 2020. By linking the plan with VISION 2026 and incorporating sustainability in all our activities from the perspective of value creation, we will achieve both business growth and contribute to a sustainable society. You can expect more great things from the KOSÉ Group.
Kazutoshi Kobayashi President & CEO

    The Path of Value Creation
Beyond the Beauty
One by one, innovative, high-quality products have defined the path of value creation that KOSÉ has traveled in the 74 years since its foundation. We will continue to be swift in comprehending the changes in our world to create products with presence, delivering unique value and gaining the appreciation of all customers.
Accelerating Globalization by
Acquiring a North American Brand (Currently in 34 Countries and Regions)
2014
Tarte, Inc. became a subsidiary
In addition to cultivating our existing global brands, we are working to expand our global brand portfolio through measures including the acquisition of the Tarte brand of North America. We continue with efforts to provide the unique KOSÉ value that will raise our presence in the global market.
Accelerating globalization through rollouts in North America and Europe
    Creating Matchless Premium Cosmetics
1956
ALBION CO., LTD. established
From the moment of its founding, this company has continually sought the ultimate quality, fragrance and design in its premium brand, which arose from a firm commitment to premium cosmetics among development and sales staff, led at the time by Kozaburo Kobayashi. That commitment and ambition has been passed down to the KOSÉ Group of today.
Since its founding, KOSÉ’s legendary commitment to quality has led to numerous long-selling brands, such as La bonne.
1946
On March 2, 1946 Kozaburo Kobayashi founded KOBAYASHI UNLIMITED PARTNERSHIP in Oji, Kita-ku, Tokyo (established as KOBAYASHI KOSÉ COMPANY LIMITED in June 1948)
1975
Creation of the industry’s first beauty serum, ALPHARD R.C LIQUID, and new categories including liquid foundation for summer use, powder foundation and two-way foundation
1968
Start of sales in Hong Kong
First full-scale rollout overseas
4 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
Creating a True Prestige Brand
1970
COSME DECORTE launched
To be recognized by customers worldwide as a creator of true prestige brands, we pursue the highest quality in everything we do including products, communication and sales, as well as the best service. A prime example of this excellence is COSME DECORTE, which is favored by customers around the world due to KOSÉ’s unique commitment to seeking the highest quality and sales methods that emphasize communication befitting a premium brand.
1970s onward
2010s
Expanded overseas sales to Italy, North America, Brazil and France
2016
Began sales of DECORTÉ in North American department stores Launched in Brazil
2018
Tarte liquid foundation that can be selected to match skin tone
2019
Maison KOSÉ concept store opened in Ginza, Tokyo
Brands with Long Histories and Numerous Long-Selling Items
  ALBION, pursuing the finest premium cosmetics
COSME DECORTE MOISTURE LIPOSOME, successfully commercialized after many years of research
KOSÉ’s first concept store in Europe, Maison KOSÉ, opened in Paris
  1940s onward
The Creation of High-Quality Cosmetics
The Launch of a Series of Original, Industry-Leading Products
Through numerous innovative products that have consistently anticipated changing times and customer needs, we have continued to define new concepts of beauty.
Developing Effective,
Results-Oriented Products
That Meet Customer Needs
2000s onward
Diverse Groups of Brands to Meet a Variety of Needs
We create appealing groups of brands by developing cosmetics under the key words “intelligence” and “sensuousness.” Our diverse brands have allowed us to meet a variety of customer needs regardless of the times.
Expanding into the Cosmetaries
Business to Increase Points of
Contact with Customers
1988
KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp. established
We also promote a range of self-selection brands, under which we sell products including toiletries such as shampoo in addition to cosmetics. These brands were developed using the same approach as we use for cosmetics, but are sold through a wide range of channels such as drugstores and mass retailers. By offering reasonably priced products that reflect customer feedback, we have expanded our customer base.
2010s onward
Providing Value to
Customers Worldwide
We provide value to customers worldwide as a global brand with origins in Japan. The KOSÉ Group offers “Beauty and emotion for the world through the radiance of each individual.”
         1985
Launch of SEKKISEI
KOSÉ has cultivated new markets by being the first to develop and sell effective, results-oriented products that meet diversifying customer needs as times change. We currently sell SEKKISEI and many other brands that drive these markets.
2005
  The SEKKISEI series, a customer favorite for over 30 years
Practical products handled by KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp.
Introduction of the JILL STUART brand in the Japanese cosmetics market
2009
Launch of the ADDICTION makeup brand
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 5
    
    Value Creation Process
Our Message
   Toward the achievement of its medium-to-long-term VISION 2026, the KOSÉ Group is taking on the material issues of its newly formulated Sustainability Plan to establish an unrivaled presence by creating beauty while working to deliver unique value and gain the appreciation of customers worldwide.
Our Medium-to-Long-Term Vision
VISION 2026
Evolving into a Company with a Global Presence
• A company with diverse brands and human resources that can succeed worldwide
• A company that constantly attracts more customers and is a place where people are proud to work
• A company that uses foresight for the constant creation of innovative value
• A company dedicated to being a source of beauty for everyone
 Social Issues (Risks and Opportunities Recognized by KOSÉ)
    People & Society
• Changes in the international economic balance
• Declining population and birthrate and aging
population in Japan
• Interaction of populations through globalization
• Interaction of people with diverse
backgrounds and features
• Blurring of industry boundaries
• Response to IoT and digitalization
• Expectations for Japanese quality
• Stronger oversight of corporate governance
Environment
• Climate change (intensifying and more frequent abnormal weather)
systems
and others
What We Aim to Be
A company
with exceptional
customer loyalty
• Marine plastic problem
• Depletion of natural resources • Emerging water resource risks
and others
   Strengths of the KOSÉ Group (Source of Value Creation)
  Brands with Long Histories and Numerous Long-Selling Items
          A Management Base Unique to a Family-Owned Business
Our Current Position
Net Sales ¥327.7 billion
6 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
Our Targeted Position (VISION 2026)
Phase III
Become a customer-driven company appreciated by people worldwide
KOSÉ’s global presence and improve the customer experience brands and reinforce points of customer contact
Pages 26-29
Admired One of a kind Irreplaceable
 Unique Brand Marketing
Pages 8-9
Research and Development
Page 10
Commitment to Quality
Page 11
Phase II Phase I
Increase Upgrade global
Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World
   KOSÉ Group Sustainability Plan
    Operating Margin 12.3%
Overseas Sales Ratio 32.1%
Number of Mainstay Brands
38
Available in
34 countries and regions
Net Sales ¥500 billion
Operating Margin 16% or higher
Overseas Sales Ratio 50% or higher
E-Commerce/Travel Retail Sales Ratio
25%
Euromonitor Premium Beauty and Personal Care Ranking
Within the top 8
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 7

                                    Feature 1
Strengths of the KOSÉ Group
Brands with Long Histories and Numerous Long-Selling Items
Unique Brand Marketing
Research and Development
Commitment to Quality
Unique Brand Marketing Pages 8-9
Research and Development
Commitment to Quality
characteristics
• Product creation and manufacturing from a holistic perspective
feedback
Page 10
Page 11
• A management base that balances fulfillment of social responsibilities as a listed company with the long-term perspective and flexible responsiveness of a family-owned business
Foundation
• Commitment to quality assurance cultivated since the Company’s founding
A Management Base Unique to a Family-Owned Business
• Employee development that emphasizes accumulating diverse experience rather than specializing
Unique Brand Marketing
increasing earnings outside Japan, but providing products to be appreciated and enjoyed by customers worldwide, regardless of factors such as values, race, religion or gender. As for the use of digital technology, we made efforts early on, such as developing our business for the online market in China and our acquisition of Tarte, Inc., which has had success with marketing using social media in the United States. To take on the challenge of new growth areas, we have recently been conducting research and development using quantum computing and joint development of a nail printer with a major manufacturer of electronic appliances.
centric “One KOSÉ” marketing approach, featuring the full lineup of KOSÉ brands to offer various experiences related to makeup and beauty as well as services that meet individual needs using the latest digital devices. We intend to continue to create environments in which we can consistently provide delight and enjoyment.
Stable Management Enables a Long-Term Perspective
Brand Power Backed by History and a Long-Term Perspective Unique to a Family-Owned Business
In addition to this long-term perspective in brand development and our unique research and development capabilities (see page 10), our flexibility with regard to changes in the business environment comes from the agility that only a family-owned business can achieve. Moreover, as a publicly traded corporation with social responsibilities, KOSÉ has the business base and attributes that enable it to simultaneously improve both its economic and social value as it works to fulfill its social responsibilities.
Case
Creating Value with the High-Prestige DECORTÉ Brand Overseas Expansion under a Borderless Marketing Strategy
The KOSÉ Group’s unique brand marketing originated in our founder’s ambition and a sense of responsibility toward cosmetics that remains with us today.
01
After the Second World War, our founder Kozaburo Kobayashi aspired to manufacture and sell cosmetics that offer people dreams and hope. As a manager, he was committed to consistently providing high-quality cosmetics and aimed for constant improvement by dealing with customers with passion and an uncompromising attitude toward quality. This ambition and sense of responsibility toward cosmetics have been passed down since the Company’s founding, becoming the template for the unique brand marketing that we practice today. For highly individual KOSÉ Group brands such as DECORTÉ, SEKKISEI and ALBION, we continue to deal forthrightly with customers to further refine their brand power, even half a century after the Company’s founding. Using a customer feedback cycle for improvement, we have established brands that customers choose and continue to loyally follow. This is a strength of today’s KOSÉ Group.
DECORTÉ, a long-selling brand launched 51 years ago, established sales channels overseas starting in Taiwan in 1997, and then entered China in 2009. To expand our market in China, we have adopted a borderless marketing strategy that views the inbound market (visitors to Japan from overseas), travel retail sales in all countries and regions in Asia and all the regions of China as a single market, and conduct cross-border promotions both online and offline.
8 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 9
Masanori Kobayashi
To maintain customer loyalty and to adapt to their diverse needs, we also make particular use of KOSÉ’s unique qualities in our brand portfolio strategy. From regular purchasers to new customers, we meet a variety of needs with a portfolio that includes brands that display the KOSÉ name on the label to convey safety and security, as well as a variety of highly original brands that would appear to be completely unrelated to KOSÉ. Moreover, sales channels for each brand are meticulously configured according to customer tastes and styles, and we conduct channel marketing tailored to the respective market characteristics in Japan, elsewhere in Asia, North America, Europe and other regions.
The nail printer is being demonstrated at Maison KOSÉ, which opened in December 2019. This concept store merges the digital world and real in-store experiences under the theme “Find Your Own Beauty.” The store employs our customer-
Executive Director Marketing Head
Features
Features
Features
• Brand development from a long-term perspective
• Sales channels designed according to customer
• An organizational culture that generates ideas unfettered by conventional wisdom or assumptions
• High standards of quality control
• System for prompt response to customer
Foundation
Foundation
Embodying an Approach of “Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World”
In Japan, we are focusing on letting visitors from overseas experience the value of the high-prestige DECORTÉ brand. To do so, in each store we have set up a dedicated counter that conveys the brand’s image and where we can conduct our unique counseling-based sales. In China, we have set up similar counters in high-end department stores and other outlets, gaining strong support from affluent customers for our counseling approach. Lately, overseas customers visiting Japan and customers in China with first-hand experience of DECORTÉ’s brand value have been communicating on social media, which has raised the brand’s reputation. As a result, both recognition and sales have increased in China on online retail sites as well as at physical stores. We have therefore been expanding sales by adopting methods unique to DECORTÉ for a store that we opened in 2018 on Tmall.com, one of China’s largest online retail sites, and through digital counseling using a video chat app. Based on this example of DECORTÉ’s successful overseas rollout, we will use online sites to raise brand recognition and develop strategic brand communication that integrates online and offline experiences.
To embody KOSÉ’s corporate message of “Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World,” we will continue to conduct brand marketing based on the key concepts of sustainability, globalization and digital technology.
 Sustainability involves various ongoing activities for improvement of the global environment in which we live and from which we benefit. Globalization entails not simply
• A system that allows proposals from anyone, regardless of job position
• Collaboration between development and production departments
Maison KOSÉ concept store in Ginza, Tokyo
 
                Research and Development
Commitment to Quality
Creating Value from a Holistic Perspective
For Customer Satisfaction
Expertise and Versatility Enrich KOSÉ’s Uniqueness
A Commitment to Quality Passed Down since the Company’s Founding
KOSÉ’s strength in research and development lies in the development processes it has been cultivating for many years. A lengthy research period is required to get a product to the market, involving researchers with various specializations. By respecting each other not just in terms of expertise, but as people, researchers seek the best, most suitable outcome from the viewpoint of users, thus enabling them to create value from a holistic perspective. In particular, KOSÉ has a unique focus on texture, which is the most important element of cosmetics. All staff involved in evaluation and formulation work as one, repeating each task until everyone is satisfied. We take pride in this process, which is conducted at a level unrivaled by our peers.
Since our founding, we have been passionate about taking a straightforward attitude in dealing with customers to focus on providing cosmetics and services of the highest quality. In the KOSÉ Quality Policy, established in fiscal 2010, we set forth our commitment to quality assurance in the message “Customer satisfaction is our goal.”
While incorporating sustainability, we will remain committed to delivering the thoroughgoing quality for which Japanese- made products are
known in order to
The foundation supporting this strength is our excellent research team. KOSÉ’s traditional culture and organization, which nurture superior researchers, have been passed down since the Company’s founding. The process for educating newly hired researchers is highly varied, ranging from basic to applied science as well as training outside the Company. As we work to
Specifically, we have established a quality control system that puts safety first from new product development to post-launch. For each step from raw materials, containers and packaging to the final product, the Research and Development, Production and Quality Assurance departments cooperate organically for repeated evaluation, check and improvement. To utilize customer feedback, we have established a Customer Service Center in the Quality Assurance Department, which works closely with quality assurance staff to respond promptly and sincerely to customers. Cooperation with suppliers is also vital
provide customers with satisfaction, safety and security. In this way, we aim to make KOSÉ a company with a global presence.
Akinobu Hayashi
sharpen their skills in specialized fields, we also emphasize experience in other departments to gain broader competency. It is important for researchers to anticipate customer needs and create cosmetics that satisfy them. That is why our focus encompasses not only improving skills in cosmetics technologies, but also proactively providing opportunities for contact with the outside world to cultivate both expertise and versatility.
Yuko Takemoto
in quality assurance for cosmetics. Therefore, since fiscal 2016 we have been updating the KOSÉ Quality Assurance Standards from a global perspective. We have set strict quality standards for raw materials, packaging materials and final products, which we share with our suppliers—production contractors and manufacturers of containers and materials in Japan and overseas—in order to maintain the best quality.
Executive Officer Institute Director
Being fully aware of and anticipating new retail distribution methods and their global application is crucial in cosmetics development. Therefore, while we continue to value the constancy of the traditions of our cosmetics in our research and development operations, we also actively promote the creation and expansion of new value and the adoption of new ideas in tune with the times. Our efforts include identifying the mechanism of aging and developing materials in response to the latest dermatological research and needs of our aging society. We will continue to augment the versatility of the human resources who are the linchpin of our research. At the same time, we will collaborate with other industries and utilize overseas research bases to conduct cutting-edge research. Through these and other measures, we will make greater use of our strength as a manufacturer with its own research and development bases.
General Manager, Quality Assurance Department
Moreover, based on the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan we announced in April 2020, we will work to develop eco-friendly, sustainable products that meet the needs and expectations of society. We are already reducing the amount of plastic used in containers and packaging by adopting biomass materials. We are also introducing certified palm oil and biodegradable materials as raw materials for cosmetics in order to develop products that take our environmental impact into account. In addition, we are incorporating universal design with the addition of Braille and embossing to containers and the adoption of fonts that are easy to read.
Case Creating Value with the High-Prestige DECORTÉ Brand
03
02
Development of Multilayered Liposome Capsule
Created using KOSÉ’s unique liposome technology, COSME DECORTE MOISTURE LIPOSOME is a moisturizing beauty serum that has been a favorite of many women since its launch in 1992. Its features are as follows.
(1) Deep moisturizing power: 0.1-micron liposome capsules consisting of phospholipids penetrate
10 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 11
Discovered in 1964, liposomes attracted attention as a new drug delivery system and research and development for medical purposes also thrived for a while. However, because liposomes are extremely delicate and difficult to stabilize, many manufacturers abandoned development. In addition, many researchers thought that because the phospholipids that make up liposomes are a naturally occurring substance, their properties would be difficult to stabilize, making them unsuitable for commercialization in cosmetics. Nevertheless, convinced that phospholipids were a safe, useful material similar to human skin, KOSÉ persevered in its research for eight years and succeeded in commercializing a product.
ingredients from their outer membranes.
(2) Adhesion to dry areas: A single squeeze of the pump yields several trillion capsules of serum to
The Advanced Technology Laboratory
Case
Creating Value with the High-Prestige DECORTÉ Brand Consistent Quality of Moisture Liposomes
Liposomes are 0.1-micron-diameter multilayered capsules that KOSÉ has successfully commercialized in its cosmetics. Their unique circular shape made up of multiple layers retains beauty ingredients. Liposomes are broken down gradually by degrading enzymes and other substances in the skin, thus enabling a continuous release of beauty ingredients deep within the skin for an extended period.
deeply into the stratum corneum—the outermost layer of the skin—and gradually release beauty
Multilayered liposomes
and at night will keep skin hydrated throughout the day.
The formulation of COSME DECORTE MOISTURE LIPOSOME, which KOSÉ refused to compromise on during development, has remained unchanged since the product’s launch. The feeling of constantly hydrated skin and the sense of total security arising from its consistent quality have made COSME DECORTE MOISTURE LIPOSOME a long-selling product with a loyal following.
COSME DECORTE MOISTURE LIPOSOME
intensively moisturize dry areas.
(3) Retention: Because the capsules dissolve and release moisture slowly, application in the morning
Product inspection process

                                                                                                                                   Basic Value High Added Value Cosmetaries Business Cosmetics Business
   Brands at a Glance
To create attractive, valuable brands, KOSÉ strives to develop cosmetics under the two key words “intelligence” and “sensuousness.” We currently meet the various needs of our customers with two groups of brands: diverse and highly distinctive individual brands, as well as the KOSÉ brands that bear the Company’s name.
We have also rolled out many brands overseas to establish a global presence.
Main Sales Regions
J Japan
A Asia
U North America & Others
E Europe
H IGH-PRESTIGE Brands
ALBION CO., LTD.
The Highest Levels of Quality and Service
A group of top-quality brands developed by integrating all of KOSÉ’s cutting-edge technologies. They are sold at specialty cosmetics stores, department stores and other retail outlets that distribute exclusive brands.
KOSÉ’s specially trained Beauty Consultants offer meticulous counseling to help customers select the products that suit them best.
KOSÉ MILBON COSMETICS CO., LTD.
Tarte, Inc.
P RESTIGE Brands
KOSÉ PROFESSIONAL CO., LTD.
Dr. PHIL COSMETICS INC.
High-Value-Added Cosmetics for Everyone
KOSÉ PROVISION Co., LTD.
High-value added brands that are sold in specialty cosmetics stores, mass retailers, drugstores and through direct marketing, and a group of brands including MAIHADA that are sold online and through direct marketing.
C OSME T ARIES Brands
For Daily Life One Step Above
A group of self-selection brands, including cosmetics and toiletries such as shampoo, that are developed using the same approach as the one used to develop cosmetics. We call this category of products “cosmetaries.”* We offer high-quality products at reasonable prices through mass retailers, drugstores, convenience stores and other retail outlets.
KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp.
* Cosmetaries: A coined term combining “cosmetics” and “toiletries”
J A
J A
J A
J A
J A U
12 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 13
JA JAUE JA JAU JA
JA JAUE JA JA

Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
KOSÉ Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries (Years Ended March 31)
Financial
Operating Profit/ Net Sales Operating Margin
R&D Expenses/Ratio of R&D Expenses to Sales
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Non-Financial
Ratio of Female Employees in Supervisory Positions
We are striving to create a work environment that fulfills women’s desire to succeed by enabling them to balance their work with private life while fully leveraging their individuality and capabilities.
Proportion of Female Employees Who Took Childcare Leave
All female employees who gave birth in fiscal 2019 took childcare leave and 93% have returned to work. We are striving to enhance our systems and carry out work environment improvements that support work-life balance, including shortened working hours.
        (Billions of yen) (Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
      243.3
100%
100 100 99.4
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Area Planted with Coral Reefs
We started the SAVE the BLUE project in 2009 to protect coral reefs in Okinawa that are in danger of extinction. Every year, we plant an area of coral equivalent to the total area of the bases of all the SEKKISEI bottles sold during the campaign.
13,041,094
12,381,546
11,532,788 9,265,908
8,436,805 sq. cm
327.7 332.9
37.0
30.6 26.6 21.6
303.3
266.7 40.2
39.1 34.6
48.4
6.2 1.9%
52.4
12.3%
              14.2 14.7 16.0 15.7
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Net Income per Share (Basic)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Note: Female employees with subordinates, either officially or unofficially. From fiscal 2018, percentages are based on the total number of such employees in KOSÉ Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. Furthermore, percentages for fiscal 2018 and thereafter have been restated to reflect a change in the calculation method (as of July 2021).
Recycling Rate
Achieved zero emissions (recycling rate of 99.5%) at Gunma Factory and Sayama Factory in 2005. Currently, all factories in Japan have achieved zero emissions.
4.8
18.6
31.6
29.6%
98.9
5.0
5.3
5.3
26.7 29.6
27.5
      Overseas Sales/
Overseas Sales Ratio Share of Net Sales by Region
ROA/ROE
Operating profit
Operating margin
R&D expenses
Ratio of R&D expenses to sales
      (Billions of yen)
(Fiscal 2019)
(%)
(Yen)
105.1
Others
1.5%
Japan
  92.7 North America 11.0%
75.5
55.1
24.9 20.7
16.0
13.0
18.8 16.4
13.9
18.6
18.8
13.4
12.3
536.63
648.71
467.76
  32.1%
27.9
67.9%
17.6
379.66
Notes:1. ROA = (Operating profit + Interest and dividend income) / Yearly average of total assets × 100 3. Non-financial data is for KOSÉ Corporation only.
14 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 15
Asia
19.6%
100
100 100
100%
100
2.0
1.9
1.8
1.6
 43.0
17.7
327.04
      2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) Overseas sales Overseas sales ratio
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015
2016 2017
2018 2019 (FY)
ROA ROE
2. ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent / (Yearly average of total shareholders’ equity + Yearly average of total valuation, translation adjustments and other) × 100

                                            1
Please describe KOSÉ’s business results for fiscal 2019 and the factors behind them, as well as your forecast for fiscal 2020.
In one of our two value creation vectors—use digital technology for more and better personal customer experiences— we reaffirm that we will further promote digitalization and accelerate the adoption of digital technology throughout the Group. In our three foundations, under our new KOSÉ Sustainability Plan (see page 19) we have made clear our intention to achieve business growth by increasing added value in a manner compatible with realizing a sustainable society through efforts unique to KOSÉ.
Strategy Section
President’s Commentary on Strategy
Business Growth Compatible with Sustainability to Become a Company with a Global Presence
We at the KOSÉ Group have currently set forth a medium-to- long-term vision for ourselves of becoming a company with exceptional customer loyalty and a portfolio filled with extremely appealing brands. In working toward this vision, we aim to evolve into a company with a global presence. Specifically, we have established three growth strategies—accelerate globalization of brands, proactively develop unique products, and explore new growth domains—integrated with two value creation vectors at their core and three foundations to support them. These are our basic strategies. In them, we specify that we will also step up our efforts in the areas of digitalization, diversity and inclusion, and sustainability (see chart at right) in order to steadily move forward with these basic strategies from fiscal 2020.
Synergy between VISION 2026 and the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the KOSÉ Group has prioritized the safety of its customers, business partners and employees, and voluntarily refrained from in-store customer service activities in stages from the beginning of the pandemic. Employees work from home to the greatest extent possible, and when they must come to the office, we recommend staggered working hours. Through these and other measures, the entire Company has been working to prevent the spread of the virus.
related global economic downturn, with its deterioration in the employment and income environment, delays and cutbacks in business activities and decline in consumer sentiment, will continue for some time. In light of these circumstances, we forecast net sales of ¥286.6 billion and operating profit of ¥17.2 billion in fiscal 2020. We will announce our planned fiscal 2020 dividend when we determine that a reliable forecast is possible. In addition, to better promote globalization, we will align our accounting period with our overseas consolidated subsidiaries by changing the fiscal year-end from March 31 to December 31 starting from fiscal 2021. This will enable us to conduct integrated management with our global business with a greater sense of speed, and improve the transparency and quality of our management.
Basic Strategies
In fiscal 2019, growth continued at a high level in the Asian region, including China and South Korea, where sales remained strong from the beginning of the year. In Japan, however, growth was negative due to a decline in inbound sales, a drop in sales following last-minute demand ahead of an increase in the consumption tax rate, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, both net sales and operating profit decreased.
• Focus on unique forms of value by utilizing external resources and technologies
In the cosmetics business, sales of DECORTÉ, INFINITY and
SEKKISEI MIYABI in the high-prestige category grew, but sales (Yen)
Interim dividend
Year-end dividend
Payout ratio (%)
3
for ALBION CO., LTD. and Tarte, Inc. experienced a downturn. In the cosmetaries business, despite strong performance by
190 148 40.6
Please explain the key initiatives for achieving VISION 2026.
200 STEPHEN KNOLL NEW YORK, the BIOLISS hair care brand from 150
180
95
KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp., the GRACE ONE aging care brand and other products, growth was negative due to factors
110
95
16 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 17
including a decline in inbound sales of CLEAR TURN
and the impact of the end of our licensing 57
28.7
63
29.0
agreement for RIMMEL. 50
85
95
As for the business environment in fiscal 37
The first key initiative is to speed up digital transformation. We will establish and reinforce our internal environment for
2020, we believe that the COVID-19-
0
Dividends/Payout Ratio
100
94
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
47
63
27.7
85
In order to achieve VISION 2026, it essential that we clarify our tasks and make thorough efforts to accelerate growth in light of recent sudden changes in the business environment. I will explain the progress and future direction of our four key initiatives.
using digital technologies and establish KOSÉ’s original beauty platform. On the Maison KOSÉ website, we have already posted makeup pictorials and recommended skin care items and made other enhancements to our high-quality beauty proposals and content that responds to customer needs. When stores were closed due to COVID-19, during the state of
27.6
2
Shifting to a medium-to-long-term perspective, what course will KOSÉ take to achieve VISION 2026?
In anticipation of the accelerated globalization of our brands and the diversification our sales channels, we have reset the target overseas sales ratio from the previous 35% or more to 50% or more and the target e-commerce/travel retail sales ratio from 15% or more to 25% or more. Under VISION 2026, we have designated three phases as a roadmap. We are currently in Phase I, in which we are working to upgrade global brands and reinforce customer points of contact.
• Accelerate globalization of brands
• Proactively develop unique products • Explore new growth domains
Three Growth Strategies
Two Value Creation Vectors
Three Foundations
One World, One Market, One Mind: Our slogan expressing our Company- wide borderless approach to markets from a global perspective
Three Growth Strategies
Two Value Creation Vectors
• Use digital technology for more and better personal customer experiences
Three Foundations
• Build a sound foundation for the Company’s growth
• Promote diversity and inclusion
• Develop a sustainability strategy spanning the entire
value chain

                               emergency in Japan we swiftly began online sales of DECORTÉ and other brands that had not previously been sold in this channel. This received a very positive response. We intend to utilize digital technology to evolve our face-to-face approach to counseling, which we formerly took for granted, to prepare for new lifestyles that people may have to adopt going forward. At our Maison KOSÉ concept store in Ginza, Tokyo, which opened in December 2019, we plan to offer unique services that meet diverse needs as we explore the potential of next-generation beauty experiences through new types of communication that merge the digital world with real in-store experiences, including collaboration with external resources.
SUNCUT its next flagship brands after CLEAR TURN, and will strengthen sales activities in China, which it will use as the base for establishing its brands in the Asian market.
4
Please tell us about the new KOSÉ Sustainability Plan.
The second key initiative is to fully utilize global synergies. After addressing challenges at ALBION CO., LTD., Tarte, Inc. and KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp., we will work to achieve synergies from the sharing of management resources and information to make full use of each company’s strengths. ALBION will build a stronger organization for overseas expansion and step up sales on Tmall as a member of the KOSÉ Group. Tarte will continue marketing activities focused on the brand’s core identity while enhancing synergies with KOSÉ’s strengths in manufacturing. KOSÉ Cosmeport will focus resources on making softymo and
Our fourth key initiative is to reinforce current operations in Japan and create new value. We will reorganize our existing business in Japan to improve profitability and build a more powerful sales infrastructure. We will also make our brand rollout methods more uniform across channels, in ways such as adding more KOSÉ global sales counters, mainly at GMSs,1 and pursue unique value through cooperation with external partners. 1. General merchandise store
ESG-related themes are an essential element that companies must address as a top management priority. For cosmetics, which consumers use on a daily basis, it is particularly important to offer value through a sense of emotional satisfaction beyond the tangible value of a physical product. For the KOSÉ Group, taking the perspective of ESG is a key factor in providing that value. Supporting beauty from within and happy, healthy lives for customers through beauty- and lifestyle-related proposals is the very essence of the KOSÉ Group’s business and its ESG initiatives. We will further accelerate the KOSÉ Group’s unique ESG initiatives in accordance with the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan.
Applying Experience to Promote Reforms
Global financial crisis
Great East Japan Earthquake
The company with a global presence that the KOSÉ Group aims to become is a company that uses foresight to constantly create innovative value. It is a company with exceptional customer loyalty that remains the choice of stakeholders worldwide due to its dedication to being a source of beauty for everyone. As a member of the global community, we intend to do our part by applying the wisdom we have gained from creating beauty utilizing our three strengths—unique brand marketing, research and development, and commitment to quality—to helping improve society and the global environment. To that end, we will continue to improve ourselves as a company with diverse brands and human resources that can succeed worldwide.
COVID-19 has had a profound impact on society as a whole. The KOSÉ Group has turned adversity into an opportunity for growth during challenging times in the past, such as the global financial crisis in 2008 and the Great East Japan Earthquake in 2011. We intend to overcome current challenges by also using them as an opportunity to transform ourselves. Moreover, by continuing to take on new challenges beyond existing frameworks without sticking to the path we have followed in the past, and by proposing new value to customers, we will help to create a happy society. We sincerely request your continued support.
Defensive reforms
Offensive reforms
Positive reforms
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 (FY)
Net sales Operating margin
18 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 19
As our third initiative, we will target customers in the Greater China market, which is driving the Asian region, and strengthen and expand the travel retail business. Sales in China remain strong. We will add to our current operations in Beijing and Shanghai by accelerating the opening of new bases, including directly managed stores, in southern China, which has excellent growth prospects. We will enhance our online and offline initiatives, leveraging the advantages of both. In the travel retail business, we will accelerate alliances with new business partners and expansion into new regions, mainly in South Korea and China, where business is brisk.
The social environment in which we find ourselves at present is changing dramatically. Aside from the COVID-19 pandemic, we are faced with challenges including globalization, changing demographics, global warming due to climate change, and the depletion of natural resources. Even before “sustainability” and “ESG”2 became common topics, the KOSÉ Group was conducting its business activities with a strong awareness of contributing to society and preserving the global environment. It is more important than ever for the KOSÉ Group to be constantly aware of its relationships with all its stakeholders, including the global environment, which is home to all living things, and the next generation. With this in mind, in April 2020 we announced the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan3 with the aim of driving business growth while helping to achieve a sustainable society.
precious Earth. The activity themes are linked with the SDGs4 adopted by the United Nations, and through their Group-wide promotion we will contribute to achieving the SDGs.
COVID–19
5
What is your message to stakeholders about the growth of the KOSÉ Group going forward?
Key initiatives for a high-risk business climate (from April 2020)
1: Speed up digital transformation
2: Fully utilize global synergies
3: Target customers in the Greater China market
and expand travel retail business
4: Reinforce current operations in Japan and create
new value
Under the Sustainability Plan, we will promote six activity themes (see pages 30-38) broadly divided into themes for People and themes for the Earth. These incorporate our strong commitment as a company that uses all the wisdom it possesses to create beauty and be of service to people and to our
2. The idea that corporate management and growth depend on consideration of environment, social and governance issues
3. See pages 26-29 for details of the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan. 4. Sustainable Development Goals

 Feature 2
Value
 Creation by the KOSÉ Group
ALBION CO., LTD. 2
ALBION’s Strengths: Bases That Create Unique Value through Human Resources
 The Foundation Supporting Our Strengths
    One of the diverse brands in the KOSÉ Group, ALBION is a leader in the high-prestige category. From the outset, ALBION’s unique approach has built strong engagement with customers through reliability and enhanced brand value. Focusing on uniqueness, ALBION creates premium cosmetics with true value.
1 ALBION’s Uniqueness and Strengths
Pride as Japan’s First Premium Cosmetics Manufacturer
and a Spirit of Challenge Lead to Uniqueness
ALBION CO., LTD. was established in 1956 to provide customers with premium cosmetics, which did not exist in Japan at the time. Our origins were in skin care, and we have continued working to create translucent and supple skin. The highly original ALBION products resulting from these efforts have captivated many customers, building considerable engagement.
We create value under our basic philosophy to “Focus on the genuine in spreading
wonderful emotion, and bonds of trust all over the world as a leading manufacturer of
premium cosmetics.” To develop highly unique products, we use original ideas
unconstrained by conventional wisdom. Using cutting-edge technologies, we then give
these ideas form to create inspiring cosmetics. For example, we launched FLORA DRIP 3 essence in September 2019 after nearly 10 years in development that started with in-
house cultivation of plants as candidate raw materials at our Shirakami Laboratory in Shirakami-Sanchi, a mountainous World Heritage site with one of the world’s largest old-growth habitats of Siebold’s beech. Yet another example is CHIFFON hybrid foundation, which originated from a female developer’s seemingly obvious idea of creating a product that offers both the ease of use of a powder foundation and the high-quality finish of face powder over liquid foundation. Starting from the
initial idea, it took seven years of repeated trial and error to overcome difficulties to debut this product that many women had long desired. ALBION cosmetics are developed from a long-term perspective. We do not chase after trends or copy other companies because we are committed to our founder’s focus on the genuine.
ALBION’s approach to retailing is also unique. Our mission is to amaze and inspire customers far beyond their expectations through high-quality premium cosmetics and customer service that provide unique value. To fulfill this mission, ALBION sales are therefore limited to specialty cosmetics stores and department stores, where we can provide one-on-one customer service and meticulous counseling to propose the best cosmetics for each customer.
Who Can Utilize Cutting-Edge Technologies
ALBION’s uniqueness and strengths come from its employees, and the business bases that maximize their creativity and skills. Among these bases, the Shirakami Laboratory is representative of ALBION’s uniqueness. There, in an environment of fertile soil, clean air and pure water, we organically cultivate plants as candidate raw materials for cosmetics. In addition to researching the effectiveness of the ingredients, the Shirakami Laboratory is responsible for all subsequent stages from washing and processing to shipping harvested plants. In April 2020, ALBION renewed IGNIS, a brand derived from plants grown in such an environment, and used this renewal as an opportunity to designate the Shirakami Laboratory as the brand's manufacturer and seller. This is another indication of our clear pride in and sense of responsibility regarding these plants.
Maintaining high quality and consideration for the environment in production are also very important. The Kumagaya Factory has introduced cosmetics GMP* for high-level management of all cosmetics manufacturing processes. Moreover, an in-house purified water system sterilizes and filters all of the water used in the factory. It is then used for heat exchange and circulated throughout the factory around the clock, maintaining a level of purity required for use in pharmaceuticals.
Dealing conscientiously with every customer is an important skill that we must cultivate in our human resources. This skill requires not only a high level of product knowledge and competence, but also empathy, insight and attentiveness. To provide this training, in 1958 we opened the ALBION School, the forerunner of the current ALBION Shirokane Training Center, which was completed in 2007. This training center is a base where the people who deliver ALBION products directly to customers, such as Beauty Consultants and cosmetics specialty store staff, come together from throughout Japan to learn and refine their customer service skills. To cultivate human resources who are suitable for handling prestige cosmetics and trusted by customers, we conduct thorough training that includes etiquette and instilling a spirit of attentiveness. This training results in ALBION’s own unique style of heartfelt customer service. By having trainees learn together and by explaining the background of initiatives, product development and other matters to align their understanding, we strive to ensure that all employees feel affection for, pride in and fulfillment from ALBION products.
* Cosmetics Good Manufacturing Practices: Technical standards for control of production and quality of cosmetics and other products
Outlook
Establishing a Dominant Presence in Japan and Rolling Out the Same Meticulous Customer Service Globally
ALBION’s key value is the face-to-face service that reassures and convinces customers by allowing them to experience products on their own skin before deciding to purchase. In Japan, we have rolled out three new business formats as points of contact with customers—ALBION DRESSER, ATELIER ALBION and the most recent, ALBION PHILOSOPHY, launched in June 2020. Customer traffic is growing significantly. We also rebooted EX-PLAN, an area plan originally based on our engagement with existing cosmetics specialty stores, with the intention of rolling it out with a long-term perspective up to 2026.
Overseas, we have begun sales on Tmall Global, one of China’s largest online retail sites, as well as through
the local Tmall site. ALBION is also gaining recognition from its presence in department stores in China and
duty-free stores in South Korea, China, and Japan. Going forward, we plan to open a new-format outlet
called ALBION GARDEN near Los Angeles as a foothold for increasing brand recognition in North America and Europe.
Rather than simply aiming to increase sales, we want to communicate the unique value of the ALBION brand. To do so, we will provide the same meticulous customer service that we offer in Japan to overseas stores, and will continue to focus on cultivating the human resources to achieve this goal.
     20 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 21
 
 Strategies by Region
With its vision of evolving into a company with a global presence, the KOSÉ Group is promoting strategies to accelerate its global expansion, including improving its global brand presence and image, continuously building borderless relationships with customers and conducting marketing in sales channels that match the characteristics of each market. We will continue to promote the four key initiatives of our medium-to-long-term VISION 2026 to deploy global synergies as we work to be a source of beauty for everyone.
Japan
Although conditions remain severe due to the sudden change in the external environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors, we aim to reinforce current operations in Japan and create new value.
Europe
Asia
America
A variety of collaborations to create new value are under way. These include cooperation on skin tone diagnosis with Panasonic Corporation, a nail printer with Casio Computer Co., Ltd., and research and development utilizing quantum computing with MDR Inc. We are also working to help achieve the SDGs through initiatives such as collaborations with Maruho Co., Ltd. to provide skin care
cosmetics for consumers
and with Sunshine
Delight, Inc. on a project
for UV countermeasures
for children.
European market
Japan
North American market
African market
Latin America
Middle Eastern market
Overview of Strategies by Region
50 0
and overseas.
Japan
• Opened Maison KOSÉ in Ginza, Tokyo, and promoted our unique KOSÉ beauty platform concept that merges the digital world and in-store experiences
• Promote structural transformation to improve profitability • Pursue unique value by combining the strengths of existing
Highlights
Asia
• Expanded existing channels in each country
• Developed new sales channels including duty-free
• Online: Roll out DECORTÉ AQ, SEKKISEI MIYABI and other products on Tmall and strengthen sales of ALBION
North America & Others
• Increased sales of DECORTÉ, mainly in the department store channel
• Expand sales area by considering and promoting product rollouts through new Sephora outlets and other stores as each region returns to normal after COVID-19
22 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 23
shops and online sales
• Offline: Expand the global rollout of travel retail Maintain and improve high market share by
Asian market
From fiscal 2020, we are implementing a growth strategy of reinforcing current operations in Japan and creating new value as a key initiative of VISION 2026. Specifically, we will work to improve profitability through a decisive structural transformation
Fiscal 2019 Results
Main Initiatives in Fiscal 2020
Promote KOSÉ beauty platform concept
Restructure business and organization to improve profitability
Create borderless contacts with customers
Expand both online and offline sales channels
In September 2019, we renewed AQ MELIORITY, the ne plus ultra of the DECORTÉ lineup, for the first time in 10 years. Since its launch in 1970, DECORTÉ has been providing customers with products that soothe skin and spirit utilizing technology based on advanced dermatological research and the interaction among their effects on skin, feel and fragrance. AQ MELIORITY represents the quintessence of KOSÉ’s technologies and the fruit of its pursuit of ultimate quality. With this renewal, we are providing a superlative product that relaxes and beautifies skin with a combination of leading-edge dermatological research and technology, beauty ingredients and sensuousness.
Cultivate customer base by expanding sales channels
expanding the sales area
• Tarte, Inc. stepped up product rollouts in each category
• Make Tarte, Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary to strengthen the collaborative foundation
businesses with external resources (develop the beauty salon and pharmaceutical markets using open innovation)
First Renewal of DECORTÉ AQ MELIORITY in 10 Years
U.S.A.
Latin American market
Sales in Japan
Fiscal 2019 Review and Strategies Going Forward
In the Japanese market in fiscal 2019, inbound sales declined due to the expansion of sales channels in the Asian market and the impact of foreign exchange rates, among other factors. In addition, sales in major channels decreased due to the impact of heavy rainfall, typhoons and other natural disasters, as well as a drop in sales following last-minute demand ahead of a consumption tax rate increase, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Conditions remained severe for mainstay brands such as DECORTÉ, ALBION and SEKKISEI, while INFINITY, ESPRIQUE and hair care brands sold strongly.
in areas such as strengthening the sales infrastructure and carrying out organizational changes. We will also open more KOSÉ global sales counters to enhance communication of our brand value.
(Billions of yen)
240.2
Also in 2020, DECORTÉ and SEKKISEI celebrate their 50th and 35th anniversaries, respectively, so we will step up communication of their brand value in Japan
250 227.8 200
150
100
222.5
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
AQ MELIORITY

                         Asia
The Asian market continues to grow, driven by online sales and the travel retail business. We will continue to enhance our brand strategies and the travel retail business for the Greater China market.
Making INFINITY a Flagship Brand at GMSs in Japan and Overseas
Fiscal 2019 Review and Strategies Going Forward
With its philosophy of “awakening the infinite beauty of the skin,” INFINITY is one of KOSÉ’s foremost high-value-added brands. It continues to provide clear results and new value based on highly effective, advanced dermatological research. To establish its position as a flagship brand, we have renewed our marketing strategy and are conducting measures to raise brand recognition. These measures include using brand ambassadors to communicate an “ageless” lifestyle and successively introducing KOSÉ global sales counters at GMSs* in Japan and overseas that give pride of place to INFINITY.
In the Asian market in fiscal 2019, we focused on increasing the number of sales counters in stores and expanding online sales. In particular, we worked to create global and borderless connections with customers by strengthening linkage with the inbound market. As a result, growth remained strong.
To step up our digital strategy, we will invest heavily in online advertising and accelerate sales growth in the e-commerce business through cooperation with the Alibaba Group. In addition, we will work to increase the number of department store counters and accelerate the addition of SEKKISEI sales fixtures at Sephora outlets in China.
INFINITY
In the Chinese market, the high-prestige category performed strongly as DECORTÉ continued to grow rapidly both online and offline, and SEKKISEI MIYABI received a positive response. In the South Korean market, growth of our duty-free sales outpaced the duty-free market, with DECORTÉ achieving particularly strong growth. On the other hand, sales in the Taiwan and Hong Kong markets decreased due to a decline in tourists from China, among other factors.
To reinforce the travel retail business, we have established KOSÉ Travel Retail Co., Ltd. to generate synergies with the duty-free business through duty-free stores, in-flight sales and other outlets, as well as with the in-flight and hotel amenity products business. For the time being, we plan to strengthen relationships with major duty-free retailers centered on South Korea and China,
* General merchandise store
As a key initiative of VISION 2026, we will target the Greater China market and expand the travel retail business. In China, we will add to our current operations in Beijing and Shanghai by accelerating the opening of new bases, including directly managed stores, in southern China, which has excellent growth prospects.
where sales are brisk, and to promote new alliances with global retailers. We are considering alliances with new business partners and expansion into new regions, and we will accelerate these efforts once the situation returns to normal after COVID-19.
North America & Others
Although sales decreased in the United States due to a prolonged slowdown in the prestige makeup category, Tarte, Inc. steadily increased its presence in Europe.
Sales in Asia
In the North American market in fiscal 2019, we worked to expand our base of new customers. Efforts included development of the DECORTÉ brand, mainly in the department store channel, while Tarte, Inc. strengthened its product lineups in mascara, concealer and other categories, and launched products in the “clean beauty” category. However, sales decreased as conditions remained severe in the prestige makeup category in the United States. On the other hand, we made steady progress in dealing with major retailers in Europe and other markets. Tarte, Inc. started sales through Sephora outlets in Europe in France, Denmark, Sweden, Germany and Spain. In addition, we opened a DECORTÉ brand counter at Harrods luxury department store in the United Kingdom.
One of our strategies going forward will be to roll out Tarte, Inc. into more regions and increase cooperation and sharing of knowhow and management resources between KOSÉ and Tarte to deploy global synergies. By doing so, we will overcome challenges and grow further.
(Billions of yen)
64.3
70.0
52.5 51.4
35.0 17.5 0
2017 2018
2019 (FY)
35.2
In particular, Tarte, Inc. will continue marketing activities focused on the brand’s core identity, and work to maintain and increase market share in its core categories. We consider Europe the priority area for expansion. Tarte, Inc. will successively roll out products at flagship stores, including Sephora, once the situation returns to normal after COVID-19.
Duty-free counter at Haneda Airport
Directly managed store in Xiamen, China
New DECORTÉ brand counter in Harrods luxury department store in the United Kingdom
24 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 25
SEKKISEI MIYABI ACTIRISE Golden Sleeping Mask
In anticipation of further expansion into the travel retail market, we are rolling out counters that express a unified brand image and increasing the number of outlets centered on DECORTÉ, SEKKISEI and other brands.
40 30 20 10
Highlights
Fiscal 2019 Review and Strategies Going Forward
Sales in North America & Others
(Billions of yen)
50
40.2
41.3 40.8
0
2017
2018 2019 (FY)
KOSÉ global sales counter

                                            Fundamental Policy Six activity themes
 Sustainability Activities
The KOSÉ Group’s fundamental policy, “Mind to Follow the Right Path,” has been the foundation of its corporate spirit since day one. Based on this policy, we have established the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan to make the future better for people and the environment. As we strive to achieve a sustainable society and fulfill our responsibilities as a member of the international community, we will make greater use of our intelligence and sensuousness with the aim of becoming a unique and trusted company with a global presence.
The KOSÉ Sustainability Plan: Creating Beauty in a Sustainable World
Center photo: Tsukui Sunshine Machida
For People
For the Earth
1
provide the value of beauty.
4 We will help resolve environmental issues by continuing to exert an impact on society in ways unique to a company that creates beauty for people, such as the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project.
2
Support for a beautiful, healthy and happy life Pages 31–32
We support lifestyles that allow people to enjoy health and happiness, which is a fundamental goal of life for all
Environmental programs in areas where KOSÉ operates Page 36
5 In locations where we have business bases for production, services or other purposes, we will work to preserve the
3
Help create a world with true gender equality Page 33
We will actively contribute to a future where there is no gender gap, not just at KOSÉ but throughout Japan and
Lower the overall environmental impact of business operations Pages 37–38
6 We are thankful for the blessings of the global environment, which is the source of all healthy life, and will carry out
A source of adaptable products and services Page 30
As a source of beauty for everyone, we accept differences in skin, values, culture and other diverse characteristics to
Use the theme of beauty to help solve environmental issues
Pages 34–35
We will help create a world where people with diverse backgrounds and features—including skin color, gender, sociocultural and geographical background, living environment, religion, creed, and physical features—can live confidently and beautifully.
We will focus on beauty while promoting activities to resolve environmental issues. We will also communicate these initiatives to the general public to make many consumers aware of environmental issues and expand our network for solving issues using the theme of beauty.
stakeholders worldwide, including future generations.
environment, considering and giving back to local communities, with which we will coexist and prosper.
We will energetically address social issues so that everyone can lead a healthy and happy life. Activities will include improving quality of life (QOL), educating and raising the awareness of the next generation, and initiatives such as Fair Trade that will enhance the work environment, including in our supply chain.
We will coexist and prosper with local communities, conducting environmental conservation activities with a focus on production facilities, which affect the environment.
worldwide, as we work to make an impact by communicating our message to society.
activities to lower our environmental impact as much as possible.
We will conduct awareness-raising and other activities that help to eliminate the gender gap not only in the KOSÉ Group, but elsewhere in Japan and around the world.
The KOSÉ Group is thankful for the blessings of nature, and will continue to evolve its efforts to reduce its environmental impact in order to preserve the global environment.
Mind to Follow the Right Path
Sound corporate governance
Respect for human rights
Human resource development
Business operations with transparency and fairness
Only the safest, most reliable, high-quality products
Customer’s perspective
Pages 45–55
Page 39
Pages 40–41
Page 44
Page 42
Page 43
Process for Formulating the Sustainability Plan
Sustainability Promotion Systems
Sustainability Promotion Organization
Identification of 1 social and
System for 4 confirming
The KOSÉ Group has identified some sustainability-related issues in its management issues and has established a promotion system to resolve them.
Management Committee
26 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 27
environmental issues
2 Definition of activity themes
3 Approval Reported to and approved
progress and reviewing activities
The Sustainability Committee is chaired by the President & CEO. Supervised by the Board of Directors, this committee proposes sustainability strategies to and receives approval from the Management Committee, and then reports the results to the Board of Directors.
Identified issues to be addressed with reference to ISO 26000, the UN Global Compact, the SDGs, etc.
Evaluated issues identified in Step 1 and selected six main activity themes
by the Board of Directors and the Sustainability Committee
The Sustainability Promotion Committee regularly confirms progress toward targets and reviews activities
The Sustainability Promotion Committee establishes subcommittees and projects for separate themes based on the KOSÉ Group’s sustainability strategies to promote cross- departmental activities that are more effective.
Sustainability Promotion Committee
Sustainability Committee

 Implementing the Sustainability Plan
The KOSÉ Group signed the United Nations Global Compact in July 2017. We support the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) set forth by the United Nations, and the entire KOSÉ Group will contribute to their achievement.
For People: Medium-to-Long-term Targets of Activity Themes and Linkage with SDGs
For the Earth: Medium-to-Long-term Targets of Activity Themes and Linkage with SDGs
Activity Theme
Indicators
Target Achieve by
Examples of Specific Measures
Relevant SDGs
Activity Theme
Indicators
Target
Achieve by
Examples of Specific Measures
Relevant SDGs
1
Ratio of products and services reflecting the concept of adaptability
• Design products for various skin colors and qualities
• Adopt universal design
• Improve accessibility by using digital technology
• Develop beauty techniques that accommodate diversity
A source of adaptable products and services
100% 2030
Use the theme of beauty to help solve environmental issues
Increase in awareness of environmental issues through products and services
• Evolve SEKKISEI Save the Blue activities
• Conserve the environment and raise awareness
2
Implementation of specific activities
30
activities 2030 or more
management
• Support sports to raise health awareness
• Educate and raise the awareness of the next generation
Environmental programs in areas where KOSÉ operates
Support for a beautiful, healthy and happy life
about health issues (UV protection and moisturizing)
3
used to 50% of total plastic used by 2030
Help create a world with true gender equality
gender gap
• Support education for young women
Responsible palm oil procurement
100% 2030
Reduce SCOPE 3 CO2 emissions
Set targets by 2021
• Organize information, set goals and determine specific case studies by 2021
Gender equality awareness
100,000 people or more
2030
• Promote diversity and inclusion in the KOSÉ Group
• Conduct activities to educate and raise awareness of the
Reduce use of water resources through responsible practices
–12%
(Production units vs. 2018)
2030
• Promote the 3 Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle) for water resources
Activity Themes and Their Impact on the Value Chain
The activity themes defined in the KOSÉ Sustainability Plan involve the entire product life cycle and value chain from planning, R&D and raw material procurement to disposal or reuse, but we expect them to have the greatest impact on our value chain in the areas shown below. The primary categories involve the entire value chain.
Activities increasing positive impacts
Activities minimizing negative impacts
56
28 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 29

Dedicated to being a source of beauty for everyone, the KOSÉ Group strives to offer the value of “beauty” by continually working to recognize the unique identity and values of each individual. By offering society beauty based on the concept of adaptability that provides a wide range of choices, we will help create a world where people with diverse backgrounds and characteristics—including skin color, physical features, gender, sociocultural and geographical background by country or region, living environment, religion and creed—can live confidently and beautifully.

Under the theme “Find Your Own Beauty,” a new Maison KOSÉ concept store opened in Ginza, Tokyo in December 2019. Featuring a cross-section of the KOSÉ Group’s diverse brands and products, the store offers innovations that allow visitors to be among the first to try out and enjoy new software, hardware and beauty tech spanning the brand lineup.

Consumer values and lifestyles are diversifying, and the individual needs of the people who use cosmetics are as diverse as the very people who use them. At the same time, due to factors such as the spread of social media, the volume of information that people are confronted with is overwhelming, making it all the more difficult for them to find cosmetics that truly suit them. Under these circumstances, we are exploring the potential of next-generation beauty experiences through new types of communication that merge the digital world with real in-store experiences to promote our unique, omnidirectional KOSÉ beauty platform for connecting directly with customers. The first step is Maison KOSÉ. We plan to implement this concept both at physical stores and at our online shop.

Customer feedback obtained at Maison KOSÉ will lead to new product development, optimization of product formulas, applications for research findings and other innovations to support more sophisticated personalized proposals that meet the most diverse individual needs. Moreover, by analyzing the data and customer feedback we accumulate, we can address diverse needs through linkage with areas such as product formula design.

Optimizing the Beauty Experience for Each Person
A Manager’s Perspective
Maison KOSÉ is an integral part of KOSÉ’s beauty platform concept. The KOSÉ Group’s first attempt at providing cross-brand services and merging beauty with digital technologies, it aims to create new customer experiences. Under the “Find Your Own Beauty” theme, the store incorporates our desire to provide diverse and comprehensive beauty proposals. We are making a fundamental shift away from the standard approach to beauty, which tends to be uniform and one-way, and evolving a customer- oriented, interactive approach.
Aiming to Be a Leader in Helping to Solve Social Issues
Our aim is to provide seamless, high-value-added beauty proposals that take into account diverse lifestyles and values, proactively using a variety of advanced technologies to optimize the beauty experience for each person.

The KOSÉ Group supports people’s health and happiness as one of life’s fundamental goals. Our efforts to support this goal are important not only for the customers who use our products and services, but for all our stakeholders, people in our value chain around the world and the next generation. Through these activities and our business operations, we strive to help solve social issues in ways such as improving quality of life, raising the awareness of the next generation and promoting responsible procurement that takes human rights into consideration.

The KOSÉ Accelerator Program, which started in 2018, incorporates an approach of open innovation that combines our in-house resources with external technologies and resources, to create value that we could not achieve on our own. The program was held for the second time in fiscal 2019.

This time, we put out a call for participants to collaborate in omnidirectional innovation under the concept of “applying technology to sensitivity in new experiences in beauty.” We received 86 applications from start-up companies in a wide range of fields. We selected the proposal from Sunshine Delight, Inc.—for research into protecting beauty and health from ultraviolet rays—as a collaborative project involving members from both our companies. In recent years, global environmental problems and the importance of providing protection from UV rays from early childhood have become issues. Against this backdrop, we chose this issue as a matter that KOSÉ should address Company-wide, and a highly meaningful proposal in terms of helping to solve a social issue.

The importance of UV protection is gaining attention globally. In addition to conducting research and development into an eco-friendly sunscreen, KOSÉ and Sunshine Delight are working to raise awareness by combining their expertise to promote accurate understanding of ultraviolet rays and to make the use of sunscreen from early childhood a habit.

Based on reports and other information from international organizations* on the effects of UV rays on the body during early childhood, this project is aimed at establishing a new business model for minimizing the impact of UV rays on skin and health. We will conduct activities to promote beautiful and healthy skin by popularizing the habit of using sunscreen from early childhood.

The Project to Protect Beauty and Health from Ultraviolet Rays was launched out of KOSÉ’s desire to take the initiative in providing countermeasures to help the global community solve the issue of UV exposure, which is becoming more serious due to global warming. We are totally committed to making KOSÉ a leader in helping to solve social issues. To begin with, we will be working with Sunshine Delight to raise awareness about the importance of UV protection from early childhood. We are currently using teaching materials and sunscreen made with children and the environment in mind to popularize habits to protect the skin from UV rays. We will carry out the project to create a future where protecting the skin from UV rays is universally understood and done almost without thinking, where KOSÉ is closely associated with UV care, and where children’s earliest memory of skin care is a KOSÉ product.

To enhance people’s quality of life, KOSÉ is involved in the promotion of sports, which are an important part of healthy lifestyles. As a company that creates beauty for people, we continue to cosponsor and support teams and individual athletes in various sports, particularly those that combine beauty, art and fashion.

In July 2019, we entered into the Gold Partner Agreement with the Japan Para-Ski Federation to provide comprehensive support not just for individual competitions, but for all competitions under the federation’s jurisdiction. Going forward, we will more actively support Japanese athletes competing on the global stage and support the overall development of snow sports.

In addition, we entered into a sponsorship contract with professional golfers Yui Kawamoto in January 2020 and Erika Harada, Rei Matsuda and Yuka Yasuda in March of the same year. As a result, we now have a total of 14 contracts for sponsorship and support of female professional golfers who “compete beautifully.”

We will continue working to enhance people’s quality of life by supporting health and beauty through the promotion of sports.

In February 2020, we held a makeup workshop for swimmers at the Japan Institute of Sports Sciences in Kita-ku, Tokyo as the official sponsor of Mermaid Japan, a team representing Japan in artistic swimming. We taught detailed techniques that athletes can apply themselves, focusing on makeup that stays on in the water during competition. In order to make the swimmers stand out in performances, top makeup artists at KOSÉ are working to create makeup that brings out beauty to match the music and costumes. The sense of unity that these techniques, tips and beautiful makeup foster contributes to the swimmers’ grace, self-confidence and concentration. KOSÉ will continue its support for the members of Mermaid Japan.

KOSÉ supports health promotion activities by providing sunscreen products such as the Sports Beauty brand at walking events and marathons throughout Japan.
Marathon in Okinawa Prefecture, to support participants who want reliable protection from the effects of the sun.
Making KOSÉ a Comfortable Place Where Everyone’s Contribution Is Welcome
To support regional revitalization and promote the health of local residents, we provided complimentary sunscreen products to more than 34,000 participants in Arukimedesu walking events in approximately 80 locations throughout Japan. We also sponsor events including the Bando Iwai Masakado Half Marathon in Ibaraki Prefecture, the Koedo Kawagoe Half Marathon in Saitama Prefecture and the Ishigaki Island Marathon in Okinawa Prefecture, to support participants who want reliable protection from the effects of the sun.

The growth of the KOSÉ Group will require the capabilities of every one of our more than 14,000 employees worldwide. In addition, as a company that creates beauty for people, we have continued to propose new value for the lives of many people. That is why we believe the messages we communicate to society will help create a future where there is no more gender gap, not only in Japan but all around the world. We promote and proactively engage in awareness-raising activities to help realize a society where everyone can play an active role regardless of gender.

We promote diversity and inclusion as the foundation for creating unique value. We aim to be an organization and an enterprise that generates unique value globally by realizing our full potential through our collective uniqueness comprising the individuality of each employee.

We launched the Company-wide project to “Create a Great Place to Work” in fiscal 2017 and announced our Diversity & Inclusion Declaration as one of its initiatives in November 2019.

We believe that respecting and empowering the diversity of every team member, which is the meaning of “diversity and inclusion,” will address changes in global society and markets as a source of continuous creation of unique value for our diverse customers. Therefore, we are promoting diversity and inclusion initiatives throughout the Company as part of our larger corporate management strategy.

We will establish employee benefit and training systems to create a foundation for all employees to fully display their potential and foster a culture of awareness of and mutual respect for individuality and empowerment regardless of gender, age, nationality, lifestyle or other individual characteristics. By doing so, we aim to become a company with a global presence as a leader in providing beauty.

Our team consists of members with various job titles, career histories and lifestyles. The Diversity & Inclusion Declaration communicates our determination to “generate unique value globally by realizing our full potential through our collective uniqueness comprising the individuality of each employee.” There are many women in the KOSÉ Group, and their active participation has a direct bearing on the Group’s potential. That is why we initially devised and started support measures for women to develop their careers at the various stages of their lives. We believe that such measures are one aspect of creating a workplace where everyone’s contribution is welcome. Our mission as a company is to ensure that the entire spectrum of our human resources—a true treasure—can shine.

For the Earth
4 4
Use the Theme of Beauty to Help Solve Environmental Issues
SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE Project
“A More Beautiful You, a More Beautiful Earth”
  It is important to us to offer all kinds of value related to beauty through our business activities, beyond just making the cosmetics that are an intimate part of consumers’ lives. We will continue to conduct activities that help solve environmental issues by providing added value in products and services centered on beauty, including beauty- and lifestyle-related proposals. By communicating these activities to the general public, we will also make more consumers conscious of environmental issues and foster awareness of solving these issues using the theme of beauty.
A Manager’s Perspective
 Giving Back to Nature through SEKKISEI
Celebrating its 35th anniversary in May 2020, SEKKISEI is distinguishable by its striking azure packaging. SEKKISEI products contain oriental herbal extracts from Earth’s natural bounty. That is where our SAVE the BLUE project originated—from our desire to give back to nature and to protect the blue Earth. Our activities to preserve the oceans and forests have now spread around the world. Going forward, we will broaden the scope of our activities for SEKKISEI. Through efforts to develop eco-friendly containers and reduce water consumption, as well as support activities for gender equality and other issues, we will offer beauty not only to our many customers, but also to the natural environment—to the blue Earth and the people who live on it.
Naoto Ito
Sekkisei Planning Sec. Consumer Brands Div.
  The SAVE the BLUE project debuted in 2009, with a portion of sales from SEKKISEI, a brand loved by many customers, directed toward activities to protect the coral reefs in Okinawa. Coral reefs, which provide a habitat for marine ecosystems, are highly susceptible to temperature and other environmental changes and are in need of greater conservation efforts. A portion of sales from select SEKKISEI brand products purchased by customers during our summer campaigns is donated to an organization in Okinawa. The funds are used to cover the cost of growing an amount of corals equivalent to the total surface area of the bottoms* of the containers of project-designated SEKKISEI products, and for transplanting the cultivated corals onto reefs in Okinawa. Over the past 11 years, corals covering a total of 105,194,126 square centimeters, or about 28.1 times the area of a regulation-size short-course (25 m) swimming pool, have been transplanted. In our winter campaign, which began in fiscal 2019, we contributed a portion of sales to activities to preserve mountain forests, and in June 2019 we planted Manchurian oak, katsura, Japanese beech and other seedlings. We are contributing to global environmental preservation activities together with Mori wa umi no koibito,
a nonprofit organization working to preserve a healthy natural environment for the rivers that feed the oceans by
Moreover, the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project has spread beyond Japan to locations around the world. Summer and winter campaigns are also currently being conducted in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and the United States. We also carried out a program for staff to study corals in Okinawa and to present their environmental conservation activities in their respective regions. KOSÉ supports the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) advocated by the United Nations, and through the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project it will conduct environmental conservation activities on land and sea and further advance its efforts to make more customers aware of the importance of protecting our blue planet.
maintaining woodlands near populated areas, which are home to thriving ecosystems.
* In the case of SEKKISEI lotion regular size: approx. 4 cm x 5 cm = approx. 20 sq. cm
Summer campaign
• Fiscal 2019
Number of corals planted: 1,383 Area: 8,436,805 sq. cm (approx. 2.2 times the area of a regulation-size short-course 25-meter pool)
• Fiscal 2009-2019 total
Number of corals planted: 17,342 Area: 105,194,126 sq. cm (approx. 28.1 times the area of a regulation- size short-course 25-meter pool)
Winter campaign
• Fiscal 2018
Number of trees planted: 300
* Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the next count of number of trees planted has been put off until after fiscal 2020.
Fiscal 2030 target
Summer campaign poster
Winter campaign poster
SEKKISEI Sustainable Package Initiatives
In addition to conducting the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project, we are actively working to create eco-friendly products for SEKKISEI, as a representative KOSÉ brand that drives the Group’s sustainability promotion activities.
A SEKKISEI limited edition kit launched in September 2019 had a tray made with approximately half the plastic of conventional products as a result of using a new composite material that combines a paper-derived material and plastic. A renewed sunscreen product launched in February 2020 uses biomass PET, an environmentally friendly material, for the packaging. Biomass PET contains a plant-based material made from sugarcane bagasse that replaces some of the primary raw material PET, and has been attracting attention as a sustainable material that does not add to net atmospheric CO2, even when burned.
We will continue to conduct environmentally conscious manufacturing for SEKKISEI, including the production of sustainable containers and packaging materials, as we also help to raise the environmental consciousness of our customers.
SEKKISEI limited edition kit
       ・ Area of corals planted: 20,000 sq. m
(approx. 53 times the area of a regulation-size short-course 25-meter pool)
    Sunscreen gel
UV Tone Up
 A Manager’s Perspective
 With SEKKISEI, A More Beautiful You, a More Beautiful Earth
Since its debut in 1985, the aim of SEKKISEI has been to create beautiful skin by using extracts from oriental plants nurtured by the Earth. Even in our manufacturing, we want to give back to the Earth that provides us with many blessings. Since fiscal 2019, we have therefore been putting greater effort into manufacturing that takes sustainability into consideration. For the new series to be launched in 2020, we made the box from recyclable cardboard to put customers in closer touch with environmental issues. We will continue to promote the evolution of the value of SEKKISEI to deliver cosmetics that offer
beauty for both skin and the Earth. Corrugated cardboard is used
   34 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 35

 For the KOSÉ Group to carry out its corporate activities sustainably, we believe it is important to consider the environment in regions where we produce products or offer services, and to give back to those regions. We strive to protect the environment in the regions where KOSÉ operates and work in partnership with our stakeholders to coexist and prosper with these regions.

In June 2019, we entered into a location agreement and a forest maintenance agreement with Minami-Alps City and Yamanashi Prefecture for the construction of a new production base. These agreements are aimed at encouraging collaboration and cooperation among the three parties toward achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations.
The newly planned Minami Alps Factory (provisional name) is located at the foot of Japan’s Southern Alps, an area blessed with a beautiful, rich natural environment that is a source of clean water. The area has received international recognition as a Biosphere Reserve by UNESCO. When we begin producing cosmetics here, we aim to achieve the following five SDGs in areas including coexistence with nature through forest conservation and other means, promoting employment and regional vitalization based on collaboration and cooperation with the local government and residents.

Under its medium-to-long-term VISION 2026, the KOSÉ Group
is working to establish a production-supply and quality control system capable of stable medium-to-long-term support. As part of this initiative, we are proceeding with a project to build a new production base, the Minami Alps Factory (provisional name) in Minami-Alps City, Yamanashi Prefecture.

Located in an environment blessed by clean water and lush vegetation at the foot of the Minami Alps, the factory will be compliant with ISO22716 (Cosmetics GMP),* and have advanced production technology and a thorough quality assurance system. The production environment will be eco- friendly and superior in terms of economy and functionality, in addition to adding value. Production facilities will be mainly for skin care and hair care products, and we intend to be able to
use the factory to respond swiftly to future growth in demand.
* Cosmetics Good Manufacturing Practices: Technical standards for control of production and quality of cosmetics and other products

Creating a Factory That Coexists with the Blessings of Nature
A key point in selecting Minami-Alps City as the location for our new factory was the purity of its water, which is essential for cosmetics. We are designing the factory to conserve resources and energy so that we can protect this abundant water resource and be able to use it for many years to come. We are promoting the 3 Rs* for water resources and contributing to sustainability by making full use of its potential, including the use of groundwater as a heat source for air conditioning. We will also proactively engage in activities to protect the forests of the Southern Alps that are the source of this clean water.
While conducting environmental conservation activities in cooperation with the local community to coexist with nature, we will strive to make cosmetics with a total commitment to a sustainable approach at the new factory, as well as our existing factories.     

  Our beauteous global environment is the source of healthy lives for all of us. In addition, because many of the ingredients in cosmetics are obtained from nature, we benefit from the natural environment every day we do business. The KOSÉ Group is grateful for this benefit and therefore believes that it has a responsibility to reduce its environmental impact as much as possible to preserve nature—in other words, the global environment. The KOSÉ Group will work to further advance its efforts to lower the overall environmental impact of its business operations.

We consider it an important theme and our responsibility as a company to ascertain and reduce the amount of energy used at our factories, offices, distribution sites and other locations, as well as the amount of CO2 and other emissions that impact the environment. We made climate change countermeasures one of our top priority sustainability issues for fiscal 2019.

In April 2020, the KOSÉ Group introduced the EcoAssist1 environmental information management system, which centrally manages and visualizes the amount of energy used in corporate activities.
The system can collect environmental data from multiple locations, including overseas, for centralized management and use. Data collected includes greenhouse gas emissions and total material inputs at factories, offices, distribution sites and other locations. Analysis of the aggregated data over time and
by organization will facilitate the formulation of more effective strategies for lowering environmental impact. We will continue working to lower environmental impact throughout the Company by using EcoAssist as one measure to “develop a sustainability strategy spanning the entire value chain,” as stated in VISION 2026.
1. A solution from Hitachi, Ltd. for visualizing a company’s environmental management to support analysis and improvement

Not only does the KOSÉ Group set strict standards for the raw materials and ingredients it selects for its cosmetics, it also takes environmental impact into account in developing containers and packaging. Our considerations include ease of sorting of materials and disposal after use, and reduction of the volume of waste itself. As we meet customer needs for convenience and added value and ensure quality, we are also adopting sustainable materials, and we currently use recycled paper for the outer boxes of almost all our brands, including COSME DECORTE and SEKKISEI. For paper packaging that does not use recycled paper, we make a point of using certified paper, which is made from lumber harvested from certified forests. We are also focusing on countermeasures for the problem of plastic waste, which has a serious environmental impact. In 2019, we formulated a strategy to promote sustainable design for plastic containers and packaging materials. We will go beyond previous efforts, aggressively reducing the amount of plastics we use and utilizing plant-derived plastics and recycled materials, among other measures. By 2030, we will use only containers and packaging materials compatible with the 4 Rs.2 We also aim to use recycled or biomass plastics for 50% or more of our plastic packaging materials
2. Reduce, reuse, recycle, renewable

Manufacturing That Considers People and the Global Environment
Plastic is a highly versatile material for cosmetics containers because of its ease of use, among other factors. However, marine pollution and other impacts of plastic on the global environment have become a concern in recent years. We have therefore set a target for our Product Designing Department to design all plastic containers and packaging materials with sustainability in mind by 2030. Efforts are under way, and include container planning and design that are compatible with the 4 Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle, renewable) and proactive adoption of materials such as biomass plastics that help reduce environmental impact. Going forward, we will adopt such activities to accelerate the manufacture of eco-friendly and appealing value-added products that are easier for diverse customers around the world to use.

Palm oil is a vegetable oil extracted from oil palms. It has diverse applications including in food, and as a raw material for cosmetics. However, there are problems associated with oil palm plantation development, such as destruction of tropical rainforests and human rights violations. Recognizing these problems as high-risk issues for the environment and human rights, the KOSÉ Group became a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)3 in 2019 and is taking measures to procure only sustainable palm oil. We also joined the Japan Sustainable Palm Oil Network (JaSPON)4 and started activities to procure, use and consume only sustainable palm oil. Through participation in Sustainable Palm Training conducted by JaSPON in Malaysia in November 2019, representatives from KOSÉ visited local environmental NGOs, small farms, depots, oil extraction plants, refineries
and other locations to deepen mutual awareness of issues through dialogue with the various stakeholders on their situations, issues and needs.

In February 2020, the KOSÉ Group established the KOSÉ Group Human Rights Policy in recognition of its potential for directly or indirectly affecting human rights in the course of conducting business and to fulfill its responsibility to respect the human rights of all persons involved in its operations. Based on this policy, the KOSÉ Group will promote efforts to respect human rights.

As a member of the global community, based on the Group Behavioral Charter, the KOSÉ Group recognizes the importance of respecting human rights in all its activities. The KOSÉ Group views the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights (UNGPs) as its framework for implementation, and supports and respects various international principles in conducting its business activities.

In 2005, the KOSÉ Group established the KOSÉ Group Action Guidelines, in which it specified that it shall act with respect for the human rights of all people with whom it is involved. Since then, we have made several revisions in accord with the times while engaging in responsible business activities. In light of changing social demands, we started a project in 2019 to formulate a human rights policy specifically to supplement the Action Guidelines. We considered issues through dialogue inside and outside the Company, including participation in the Human Rights Due Diligence Workshop (Stakeholder Engagement Programme) conducted by the non-profit organization Caux Round Table Japan (CRT Japan). In this program, we exchanged opinions with various experts on human rights issues and with non-governmental organizations and non-profits in the fields of the environment and human rights to raise human rights
issues facing the cosmetics industry and worked with our industry peers to revise the “Consumer Goods (Cosmetics and Daily Goods)” section of CRT Japan’s report “Human Rights Issues by Sector, Version 8.” Project members from KOSÉ returned to the Company with an awareness of major human rights issues specific to this industry and engaged in further study. To better understand the human rights issues of the KOSÉ Group, they also held a workshop attended by managers of the main related departments (management planning, human resources, legal affairs, purchasing, production and sustainability) and others to identify the future direction of our initiatives. In February 2020, we established the KOSÉ Group Human Rights Policy to promote initiatives for human rights issues as a member of the global community.

                                Human Resource Development
Certified as an Excellent Enterprise of Health and Productivity Management
To become a company with a global presence, the KOSÉ Group needs the skills of world-class human resources who anticipate changes around the world and continue to create unique value. That is why we have made developing human resources one of our material issues and are implementing various measures to cultivate people of well-rounded character and creativity to support the sustainable growth of the KOSÉ Group from a medium-to-long-term perspective.
From a management viewpoint, strategically encouraging employees to manage their own health will lead to higher productivity. The concept of health and productivity management has thus been proposed from the perspective of an investment that will lead to higher profitability. Wholeheartedly embracing this concept, the KOSÉ Group promotes health and productivity management measures for its employees’ working environment, particularly in regard to keeping working hours to an appropriate level and helping employees maintain good health. In recognition of these efforts, in 2019 KOSÉ was certified by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi as an excellent corporation that engages in health and productivity management in cooperation with insurers.
Promoting Human Rights Education and Awareness-Raising and Diversity Management
Employees are the source of corporate growth and competitiveness. For employees to grow, they must have a healthy workplace environment. As a cosmetics company, the KOSÉ Group aims to cultivate a workplace environment that allows women to realize their full potential and enables diverse human resources to demonstrate their skills. To that end, we promote human rights education and awareness-raising and diversity management. In KOSÉ Group Human Rights policy and the KOSÉ Group Action Guidelines, we stipulate respect for the human rights of all and zero tolerance for any actions
that might lead to discrimination.
We encourage acceptance and understanding in the workplace
Developing Human Resources Who Generate Innovation
Improve skills to embody diversity inclusion
Business Manager Personal Course Management training
To become a company with a global presence, we must foster a corporate culture in which human resources with diverse individual characteristics continually take on challenges with a flexible approach, and we must build and make practical use of systems to support that culture. We have established an in-house recruitment system to help motivated employees take on new job categories so that all employees can fully demonstrate their individuality. Each year, many employees make use of the system.
Link in-house venture system. The teams then work as a unit across Company boundaries for three months or longer to bring their ideas to fruition. As a result of this distinctive characteristic of the program, employee team members, who are expected to play a role in the next generation of KOSÉ’s management, collaborate with external start-up companies as business producers with the aim of commercializing their ideas. Measures such as this are one of our mechanisms for supporting enthusiasm and a spirit of taking on challenges.
Support improving individual skills
Level 3
Selection and training for improving skills
In 2018, KOSÉ launched its Accelerator Program, which incorporates the concept of open innovation to create new value that the Company cannot achieve on its own. This program does not employ the typical approach of screening and selecting ideas for collaboration as presented by participating start-up companies. Rather, teams are formed comprising members from start-up companies and employees from various divisions of KOSÉ who have applied through the
Self-development support
Distance learning Education fund
Establishing Working Conditions That Promote Work-Life Balance
We also emphasize training for Beauty Consultants, who interact most closely with customers, in order to create a group of beauty professionals. In fiscal 2014, we promoted contract employees to regular employee status, and in fiscal 2015, we switched to a practice of hiring new graduates as regular employees rather than contract employees. For mid-career hires, we introduced an exam-based promotion system, with more than 100 Beauty Consultants passing the test each year. As a result of these measures, the proportion of Beauty Consultants who are regular employees has risen to about 90%. In addition, we run a program for Beauty Consultants that gives them the option to change branches and continue their careers in different locations nationwide. Concurrently, our in-house recruitment system enables Beauty Consultants to take on the challenge of working in other roles within the Company. These efforts expand career path options and enhance job satisfaction.
To achieve a good balance between our employees’ professional and private lives, we are making efforts to enhance their health and working conditions. Specifically, we endeavor to accurately track each employee’s working hours and set reduction targets for overtime work to optimize time spent on the job. We also offer wellness guidance by industrial doctors based on the results of annual health checks and
respective work situations. In addition, we have introduced childcare/nursing care leave, shortened working hours and other programs tailored to life events in order to help employees balance career and family. All regular employees who took maternity leave also took childcare leave, and more than 90% of these women later returned to work.
Seeking to improve the technical skills of Beauty Consultants, in fiscal 2014 we complemented an existing training and instruction program with our distinctive KOSÉ Makeup Lesson Examination, which has been approved by Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. The examination contributes to enhancing skills and spurs motivation. It consists of Level Two for base makeup, for which all Beauty Consultants in Japan are eligible, and Level One for makeup highlights, which can be taken by those who pass Level Two. Since the examination was introduced, more than 1,200 Beauty Consultants have passed one of the levels. In the future, we aim to have all Beauty Consultants obtain these qualifications as a preparatory job skill.
40 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 41
and endeavor to build a healthy workplace environment where diversity is valued. In management development programs, we conduct training and raise awareness of human rights to ensure respect for such rights regardless of nationality, race, religion, educational background or age. We also promote understanding of gender diversity (LGBTQ* and others) including sexual orientation and gender identity.
Human Resource Development Program
* LGBTQ: An acronym for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Questioning/Queer
extend their individuality
40s / 50s pushing forward with organizational development
The KOSÉ Group has organized and implemented various types of training and courses in its human resource development program to develop diverse, individual human resources able to play an active role on the global stage.
Age 20~ Age 30~ 20s creating a base as a corporate person
Age 40~ 30 / 40s who self-recognize and
Age 50
Creating the foundation as an employee
2nd year / Business Basic Training 1st year / Follow-up training for new graduates
Next-generation leader development Career support
Innovation Creation Link
Life Plan 50 Seminar
Retirement preparation seminar
Developing Global Beauty Professionals
Invitee Seminar
Selection and training for regular employees
Level 5
Level 4
New manager training Elementary management training
                               Design reviews (multiple times) Product review
Mass production trial at a factory Production
Launch
Customer feedback for new products
Three months following launch
Thereafter
   Only the Safest, Most Reliable, High-Quality Products
Customer’s Perspective
“Only one product out of millions of cosmetics delivered to the market reaches the customer, so cherish the one.” Based on this belief, the KOSÉ Group aims for unique raw material procurement and production processes that provide customers with safe, reliable cosmetics, taking pride that KOSÉ is synonymous with quality.
We promote engagement to be “closer to our customers” so that they are truly satisfied with every one of our cosmetics. The entire KOSÉ Group takes a thoroughgoing stance of delivering the value customers demand from their perspective.
Carrying On Our Founder’s Commitment to Bringing KOSÉ Quality to the World
Our Declaration of Consumer Orientation: “Closer to Our Customers”
Kozaburo Kobayashi, who founded KOSÉ in 1946, believed the Company had a duty to develop products of superior quality that would make consumers happy. Amid persistent supply shortages in the postwar years, KOSÉ scrambled to procure high- quality ingredients and conduct thorough quality control, yet was able to take pride in being known by customers as a company that delivered quality. This commitment has been passed down to us today as we pursue the highest quality at each stage of the entire value chain. In the 1970s, we were quick to introduce quality control using scientific methods at our production sites, and in 1980 we marked a domestic cosmetics industry first when our Manufacturing Department won a Deming Prize.1 In the 1990s, we adopted ISO 9001 international quality standards as well as a cosmetics GMP2-compliant management system in our ongoing commitment to quality.
Factory and are increasing production capacity at the Sayama Factory and Kumagaya Factory of ALBION CO., LTD. In addition, we plan to establish the Minami Alps Factory (provisional name) as a new production base. We will proactively enhance our production and supply structure and promote technological innovation to deliver the ultimate in quality.
The KOSÉ Group established the slogan “Closer to Our Customers” for internal use and in April 2018 announced its Declaration of Consumer Orientation. It signifies that each employee thoroughly adopts an approach of taking the viewpoint of customers to deliver cosmetics with value, and has been in use since it was set forth as the basic policy of KOSÉ’s medium-term management plan for fiscal 2011. We intend to step up our efforts to further advance a customer viewpoint in the activities of all departments.
which use it to improve products and services, thus heightening customer satisfaction.
Appreciation for the refined, high-quality cosmetics made in Japan is growing worldwide, and KOSÉ’s own production volume has expanded considerably to meet demand. We have started operation of a new manufacturing facility at the Gunma
To promptly utilize the valuable opinions and comments of our customers, we share them throughout the Company in real time using the Smile Data System. The content is aggregated, analyzed and regularly reported to the relevant departments,
Note: Declaration of Consumer Orientation
Building a Framework That Prioritizes Peace of Mind and Safety While Valuing Innovation
Because cosmetics come in direct contact with the skin and hair, to ensure that customers can use our products with peace of mind, we prioritize safety in the development of new products through rigorous and repeated evaluations in line with the highest quality standards at each step from raw materials to finished products. Before putting products on the market, for final confirmation of safety we run them through tests under the various conditions in which they are expected to be used. KOSÉ has built a system in which the Quality Assurance Department and the Product Development Department work together from the initial stage of development to evaluate the safety of new products. This system enables us to rapidly create products that give customers peace of mind and are safe while placing a premium on novel viewpoints and imaginative approaches. Furthermore, while giving the highest priority to safety, we develop our cosmetics, including quasi-drugs, under a policy of using testing methods that do not involve animals.
Quality Assurance in the KOSÉ Group’s New Product Development
Through the online Maison KOSÉ website, various social media and campaign websites and its concept store Maison KOSÉ, which opened in December 2019, KOSÉ is making progress with its original beauty platform concept for omnidirectional connections with customers. Using this concept, which involves
new types of communication that merge the digital world with real in-store experiences, we are exploring the potential of next-generation beauty experiences as we work to create connections with customers in both physical and digital formats.
For details: https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/sustainability/customer/ 42 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
Repeated evaluation and confirmation by Quality Assurance Department and Product Development Department at each step, with adjustments and improvements made in the course of development and production
Checks at three months following launch and thereafter
1. An award given in Japan to companies and individuals who have successfully implemented total quality management of industrial products
2. Cosmetics Good Manufacturing Practices: Technical standards for control of production and quality of cosmetics and other products
Product inspection process
New manufacturing facility at the Gunma Factory
Various evaluations and confirmation
Deliberation on product quality
Post-launch quality assessment
The KOSÉ Beauty Platform Concept
Laws and regulations, patents, safety, antiseptic and antifungal properties, usability, sensory assessment, efficacy, outer packaging review, scalability confirmation and stability assessment
Club KOSÉ
Stores
E-commerce
SNS
Apps
Product development
Production
Follow-up
Improvement
Improvement
Product review
E-magazines
Campaign websites
Review of
Customers
customer comments about the product
Customers
E-commerce Digital cosmetics counseling
Face-to-face cosmetics counseling at concept stores
Quality confirmation (over time)
We strive to communicate information to our customers in an appropriate and timely matter through shops and websites. Knowledge stored at our Customer Service Center is shared throughout the KOSÉ Group, including affiliated companies, and is used by various departments.
Notches in the refill pouch make it easy to tell that it contains shampoo.
Labelling on the outer box clearly identifies the different types of SEKKISEI, making it easier to select the desired product.
“Closer to Our Customers”: The KOSÉ Beauty Platform Concept
Previous customer points of contact
New platform customer points of contact
Examples of Improvements Utilizing Customer Feedback
https://www.kose.co.jp/company/ja/info/ customer-oriented/ (Japanese only)
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 43

                          Business Operations with Transparency and Fairness
Since its founding, the KOSÉ Group has pursued co-existence and co-prosperity with all of its business partners. While fulfilling our responsibilities as a member of the global community, we work with our business partners to promote sustainability for a better future for people and the global environment.
Promoting Sustainability in the Supply Chain
We conduct sustainable, socially and environmentally responsible procurement for raw materials in line with our Basic Procurement Policy. We promote detailed information exchange with suppliers to develop mutual understanding of pertinent issues and use questionnaires to track environment-oriented responses and respect for human rights.
Having served as an external director for two years, I feel very strongly that KOSÉ is proactive in rapidly incorporating what is good for the Company.
1. Quality and safety assurance
Yukino Kikuma Director (External)
3. Compliance with laws, regulations and social norms
KOSÉ’s Basic Procurement Policy
With COVID-19 a serious issue worldwide, corporate responsibilities to society are becoming greater. It is important for a corporation to return profits to its shareholders. However, it is also a matter of great importance for KOSÉ to consider how it can contribute to this society in which not only its shareholders, but also its customers, affiliates, employees and other stakeholders live, and to show it can act quickly. If a company cannot fulfill its responsibility to society, it does not deserve to survive.
Our procurement activities are implemented in line with the “KOSÉ Quality Policy,” with the highest priority on quality and safety.
COVID-19 has changed the way people live. Flexibility, agility and leadership will be required to deal with this new world. I want KOSÉ to continue taking on challenges unafraid of change. As an external director, my approach will be to always analyze risks appropriately in considering how to achieve this objective, and then to provide support for implementation.
2. Fair and unbiased competition
We offer opportunities for fair and equitable competition to all suppliers, regardless of scale, both in Japan and abroad. Procurement decisions are made in a fair manner based on a comprehensive consideration of quality, price, delivery times, supply capacity, management stability and other factors.
In our CSR-compliant procurement practices, we comply with laws, regulations and social norms of different countries and regions, and give due consideration to the conservation of resources and the global environment, safety, human rights, and other factors in order to fulfill our social responsibility.
4. Co-existence and co-prosperity
Our aim is to ensure the ongoing development of both our suppliers and ourselves by building mutual understanding and trust through our procurement activities.
5. Assurance of information security
Confidential information and personal information related to procurement activities are strictly protected.
Emphasizing a Sense of Partnership with Suppliers
Unique Sustainability
KOSÉ holds a policy meeting with its suppliers once a year to explain the KOSÉ Group’s policies, business plan and purchasing policy. A party is also held at this event to show our gratitude and to recognize those suppliers who have contributed significantly to our success, particularly to our business results, improved quality and environmental considerations. In fiscal 2019, we welcomed participants from nearly 100 domestic and international suppliers, including those providing us with raw materials and fragrances, other materials, OEM services and various production work. We asked suppliers to continue to be good partners in our ongoing pursuit of higher quality and sustainability. To assist the increasing number of participants from abroad, interpreters are deployed during the event to provide simultaneous translation.
Sustainability—considering the limits of the global environment in corporate activities—has gained traction as an important concept in recent years. KOSÉ’s VISION 2026 also promotes strategies for sustainability.
Disclosure of Guidelines for Suppliers
Japan is a country with distinctive qualities. I feel that KOSÉ is peerless among Japanese companies in possessing so many of those qualities, including an affinity for sustainability. As an external director, I hope to be of assistance in the global development of KOSÉ as a company representing Japan on the world stage.
The KOSÉ Group places great importance on its relationships of trust with its partners in the supply chain, and aims to grow and develop together with them. In November 2019, we established and disclosed our Guidelines for Suppliers to gain their cooperation on items to be considered for social responsibility and the environment. With these guidelines, we have implemented highly transparent supply chain management. Furthermore, in our procurement we also respect the United Nations Global Compact and other laws and regulations, and comply with our Basic Procurement Policy and Guidelines for Suppliers.
44 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 45
For details: https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/info/procurement/
Corporate Governance
Messages from External Directors
Norika Yuasa Director (External)
KOSÉ is imbued with a spirit that cherishes the ideas of its founder and a desire to take care of its employees, its products and above all, its customers. KOSÉ’s true worth lies in going beyond caring for its customers to take good care of its entire value chain, and of the Earth itself—that is what sustainability is all about. I expect KOSÉ to put its unique qualities to work to develop original, sustainable businesses.
KOSE’s Social Responsibilities as a Publicly Traded Corporation

                              Resolution/ Approval
Monitoring
Business Execution
Resolution/ Approval
              Corporate Governance
Governance at a Glance
Corporate Governance Organization
Directors
3 External
Average Length of Service
Election/Dismissal Election/Dismissal
Election/Dismissal
10
6.5 years
Supervision
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
2 External
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Members
2 Internal
Management Committee
Risk Management and Compliance Committee
47
Reporting
Supervision
Board of Directors Meetings*
Audit & Supervisory Board Meetings*
Management Committee Meetings*
Meetings with Institutional Investors*
2 Internal
5 External
Audit Office
Audit
Departments/Affiliated Companies
13 11 23
396
Board of Directors
* Year ended March 31, 2020
Basic Policy
of expertise and extensive insight to provide advice on business execution, as well as to monitor and supervise each director.
The KOSÉ Group has established the principle, centered on its management philosophy, to “continually conduct management to enhance its enterprise value as the KOSÉ Group,” and strives for management focused on business expansion and efficiency.
management, and to create frameworks to maintain the trust of society.
The Company has a business execution system that clarifies the scope of authority of directors so prompt decisions can be made by a small number of people. The Company has also
The KOSÉ Group considers corporate governance to be an important management issue, and is working to establish organizations and mechanisms for the conduct of sound
For the Audit & Supervisory Board, the Company has appointed an attorney at law and a certified public accountant with extensive experience in auditing and insight as external members to monitor and supervise the execution of business by directors.
Committee meetings, communicate with Audit & Supervisory Board members of domestic Group companies as appropriate, exchange information and opinions with internal audit departments and the accounting auditor, and conduct internal audits of departments within the Company and of its subsidiaries regularly and as required.
Corporate Governance Structure
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend important meetings such as the Board of Directors meetings and Management
KOSÉ has adopted a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board system to audit the adequacy of the directors’ execution of their duties.
In addition, the Company has voluntarily established the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, a majority of which is composed of external directors and external Audit & Supervisory Board members, to deliberate on officer remuneration and the appropriateness of officer appointments. The Company has determined that it is appropriate to have independent external directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members to provide audit and supervisory functions in addition to a system of checks and balances by officers familiar with the business.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
For the swift and efficient execution of business, the Company employs the Board of Directors, the Management Committee chaired by the President & CEO, the Management Policy Review Committee, the Executive Committee, and other bodies as necessary.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is an organization that deliberates on proposals related to nomination and remuneration made by the president to the Board of Directors to enhance the independence, objectivity, and accountability of the functions of the Board of Directors regarding the nomination and remuneration of directors, Audit & Supervisory Board members and executive officers of the Company. It is chaired by an external director to ensure objectivity.
Composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
46 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 47
7 Internal
Resolution/ Approval
In addition, to enhance the transparency and fairness of management, the KOSÉ Group strives for sincere communication with all stakeholders including shareholders, investors, creditors, customers, business partners, employees, and local residents and communities, and builds relationships of trust with them.
Audit & Supervisory Board
(Fiscal 2018: 405)
The Board of Directors strives to achieve an optimal balance of overall knowledge, experience, competencies, diversity and size. The Company has appointed external directors with a high level
adopted an executive officer system, and the executive officers appropriately execute business in the departments they oversee in accordance with basic management policies. The Board of Directors meets in principle once each month, to decide on matters stipulated by laws and regulations, as well as important matters relating to management, and to supervise the conduct of duties by directors.
Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit
Board of Directors
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Management Supervision
Cooperation
Cooperation
Resolution/ Approval
Sustainability Committee
Accounting Auditor
Audit
Proposals
Management Policy Review Committee
Cooperation
Executive Committee
Consultation
General Meeting of Shareholders
Reporting
Reporting
Guidance/Instruction
Chairperson
Total Members
Directors
External Directors
External Audit & Supervisory Board Members
External Director
7
2
3
2
(Breakdown)

                                               External Directors and External Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Officer Remuneration
Attendance at Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Meetings in Fiscal 2019
Policy for Determining Remuneration Framework
• Facilitating a remuneration plan that ensures high levels of independence, objectivity and transparency, and that satisfies the duty of accountability toward the Company’s business partners, customers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders.
Position
Name
Number of Meetings Attended
Percentage of Meetings Attended
Number of Meetings Percentage of Attended Meetings Attended
External Director External Director External Director External Audit &
Iwao Toigawa Yukino Kikuma Norika Yuasa
13 13 11*
100% 100% 100%
—— —— ——
Remuneration of directors other than external directors consists of monthly remuneration and bonuses to raise the linkage between improvements in corporate business results and officer performance, taking into consideration the responsibilities they bear for improvement of business results each fiscal year and growth in corporate value over the medium to long term.
2. Remuneration Levels
Supervisory Board Member
Nobuo Iwafuchi
13
100% 11 100%
The Company has determined that its levels of officer remuneration are appropriate, having taken the Company’s business environment into account, while also having surveyed and analyzed remuneration levels of major companies in the same industry or of the same size using external databases and other information.
External Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Toru Miyama
11*
100% 9* 100%
The amount of monthly remuneration is determined according to the position of each director, taking into account the operating environment and other factors, and bonuses are determined based on fiscal year business results of the KOSÉ Group and of the relevant departments he or she is in charge of, as well as on an evaluation of individual performance.
Board of Directors Meetings (Convened 13 times)
Audit & Supervisory Board Meetings (Convened 11 times)
For remuneration of Company officers, the Company has decided on a remuneration framework that emphasizes increasing corporate value over the medium to long term.
* The number of Board of Directors meetings and/or Audit & Supervisory Board meetings attended by External Director Norika Yuasa and External Audit & Supervisory Board Member Toru Miyama differs from that of other officers because they were elected at the 77th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2019.
3. Composition of Remuneration
(1) Directors (Excluding External Directors)
Remuneration consists of basic remuneration, which depends on a director’s role, and performance-linked remuneration, which depends on factors such as corporate business performance and the Company’s stock price. These forms of remuneration are provided with the aims of motivating the directors in terms of achieving performance indicators over the short, medium and long term, and sustainably increasing corporate value. Furthermore, performance-linked remuneration consists of a bonus and stock compensation.
Reasons for Each External Director’s Selection
Name
Reasons for Selection
External directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members receive fixed monthly remuneration, which is set based on comparisons with other companies in the same industry or of the same size in Japan and overseas, as well as on the Company’s financial condition and business results.
Yukino Kikuma
Ms. Kikuma has highly specialized knowledge as an attorney at law and particularly deep insight concerning corporate law. She also has media-related experience. The Company therefore believes she can provide fresh, impartial suggestions and advice to management from a broad perspective, and use her independent and objective standpoint to guide management. Furthermore, the Company believes that Ms. Kikuma has no conflict of interest with general shareholders and has accordingly designated her an Independent Director.
Norika Yuasa
Ms. Yuasa has highly specialized and broad knowledge that extends to Asia, Europe and North America as well as Japan as an attorney at law. She has considerable professional experience in China in particular. The Company therefore believes she can provide fresh, impartial suggestions and advice for the Company’s global strategy with her extensive insight, and use her independent and objective standpoint to guide management. Furthermore, the Company believes that Ms. Yuasa has no conflict of interest with general shareholders and has accordingly designated her an Independent Director.
Method for Determining Officer Remuneration
Yuko Maeda
Ms. Maeda has a high level of expertise in the realm of applications for corporate intellectual property combined with abundant experience and knowledge particularly when it comes to industry-academia partnerships. Moreover, she also has abundant insight from a managerial perspective underpinned by her experience as a corporate Director and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member. The Company therefore believes she can provide fresh, impartial suggestions and advice to management, and use her independent and objective standpoint to guide management. Furthermore, the Company believes that Ms. Maeda has no conflict of interest with general shareholders and has accordingly designated her an Independent Director.
Officer remuneration shall be classified into directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members for voting at the General Meeting of Shareholders and allocated to each officer within the scope of the total amount for each officer classification, and such remuneration is determined by the Board of Directors after discussion of its appropriateness by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is composed mainly of external officers.
Stock compensation is based on a plan whereby the Company delivers its common stock to eligible officers, using a specified restricted share mechanism, newly introduced in fiscal 2020. Specifically, the Company makes annual delivery of its common stock subject to stipulations such as those of the restricted period for those eligible, and subsequently lifts the transfer restrictions upon retirement of the recipient.
(Appointed in June 2020)
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Remuneration of Audit & Supervisory Board members is determined by mutual agreement among the Audit & Supervisory Board members, including the two external members.
Moreover, the remuneration for directors does not include salaries for directors who concurrently serve as employees, nor does it include bonuses.
With the aim of enhancing objectivity and further improving governance, the Company used a third-party organization to conduct the evaluation of the effectiveness of its Board of Directors. The method and results of the fiscal 2019 evaluation were as follows.
In addition, the Company has established a retirement benefit plan for Company officers. The Company has established criteria for the relevant payment amount and allocates provisions to a reserve for each year of each officer’s tenure.
1. Evaluation Method
2. Results of Evaluation and Issues Requiring Attention
(i) Overview of Remuneration Components
Basic remuneration
The basic remuneration is paid in the form of fixed remuneration on a monthly basis, the amount of which is determined per respective position depending on the extent of professional responsibilities and roles thereof.
Bonuses
Bonuses are paid as incentive to improve corporate business performance in a single fiscal year.
A questionnaire survey covering the following items was completed by the directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members.
As a result of discussions conducted at the Board of Directors meeting based on the results of the questionnaire survey, the Board of Directors confirmed that, as in the previous fiscal year, the size of the Board of Directors and the composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are appropriate, and advance explanations to external officers and reporting at Board of Directors meetings are being conducted appropriately. In addition, steady improvement was confirmed in active discussion of management strategies, which was an issue in the previous fiscal year, in areas including thorough management of progress in accordance with medium-to-long-term VISION 2026. Based on these factors, the Board of Directors concluded that it has ensured its overall effectiveness.
Moreover, the Company passed a resolution at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2020 to introduce a restricted share remuneration plan for directors (excluding external directors) as an incentive to sustainably increase corporate value, and has conducted a review of the officer remuneration system in general. The method for determining officer remuneration from fiscal 2020 is as follows.
A third-party organization was used to create the survey and to tabulate and analyze the results. Based on those results, the Board of Directors analyzed and evaluated its effectiveness and considered future responses.
Questionnaire Items for Evaluating Effectiveness
The evaluation indicators for the bonus include net sales, operating profit and other items per business domain, in addition to net sales and operating profit on a consolidated basis. The Company has selected such evaluation indicators because they are cited as key performance indicators under its medium-to-long-term business plans. The bonus varies from 0% to 200% of the standard amount, depending on the extent to which target amounts for the single fiscal year have been achieved with respect to each indicator.
I. Management system of the Board of Directors
1. Fundamental Policy on Officer Remuneration
(1) Composition of the Board of Directors
(2) Operation of the Board of Directors
(3) Support structure for the Board of Directors
(4) Status of participation at Board of Directors meetings
On the other hand, the Board of Directors came to the realization that there is room for improvement with regard to increasing the board’s diversity and enhancing management systems of subsidiaries, as well as room for further discussion of the ideal remuneration system for the Company.
The Company’s remuneration for its directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members is designed and operated with the aim of increasing corporate value over the medium to long term from the viewpoints of:
• Maintaining a remuneration plan that enables the Group to
II. Supervisory function of the Board of Directors
(1) Supervisory function of the Board of Directors
(2) Risk management structure of the Board of Directors
(3) Status of discussions at Board of Directors meetings
(4) Matters relating to the nomination and remuneration of officers
achieve global and borderless growth;
• Ensuring remuneration levels that give rise to appropriate
48 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 49
Based on these points, the Company will continue working to further enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in order to improve the corporate value of the KOSÉ Group.
competitive strengths and the ability to recruit and secure outstanding professional talent; and

                                                                    Evaluation ratios with respect to net sales and operating profit indicators are largely as follows.
Going forward, the Company intends to periodically reassess the remuneration mix with a focus on stock compensation with the aim of achieving sustainable growth over the medium to long term.
Risk Management and Compliance
Net sales Operating profit
50% 50%
(2) External Directors
Indicators
Evaluation Ratio
Risk Management and Compliance Organization
Under the remuneration framework, the Company sets high evaluation weightings with respect to the business domains that are under direct control of an individual director, thereby ensuring that each director fulfills his or her responsibilities in the business domains under his or her respective control. Stock Compensation
Reporting
The Company makes annual delivery of a fixed number of shares of its common stock subject to stipulations such as those of the restricted period, and subsequently lifts the transfer restrictions upon retirement of the recipient.
Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members consists solely of fixed basic remuneration that takes into account their professional duties and other such factors. They accordingly do not receive bonuses or stock compensation. The Company determines basic remuneration for respective Audit & Supervisory Board members through consultation with the Audit & Supervisory Board members, comprehensively taking into account factors encompassing content, workload and difficulty of their professional duties, as well as the extent of their responsibilities.
Compliance Committee:
Raising awareness of compliance
Risk Management Committee:
Enhancement of risk management framework
times
The Company’s stock price acts as the evaluation indicator with respect to stock compensation. The Company has selected that evaluation indicator with the aim of further heightening motivation to help increase corporate value over the medium to long term, and further promoting the shared interests of stock compensation recipients and the Company’s other shareholders.
• Response to compliance consultation matters
• Compliance training (e-learning)
• Distribution and display of educational posters
• On-site compliance training at departments and affiliated
• Identification, analysis and evaluation of risks and formulation of necessary countermeasures
Because the Company’s stock price acts as the indicator for calculating stock compensation, the Company does not set performance targets in that regard.
4. Decision-Making Process
(ii) Remuneration Mix
Remuneration mix of the CEO’s remuneration package is as follows.
For the Company, compliance encompasses compliance with laws and regulations as well as behavior consistent with social ethics based on “Mind to follow the right path.” The compliance promotion structure and activities are regularly reported to the Board of Directors via the Risk Management and Compliance Committee. The Compliance Promotion Committee holds training and other educational programs for directors and employees. The Company has established internal and external reporting channels and also maintains a framework for responding to reports and consultations. In addition, to respond to risk factors that pose a threat to the sustainable development of the Company, particularly various risks such as problems involving compliance, quality, information security and markets as well as natural disasters, the Company has established Risk Management and Compliance Regulations and is working to enhance its risk management structure by establishing a Risk Management Promotion Committee. The Company has also created a framework based on its Crisis Management Regulations for minimizing damage in the event a major risk materializes.
Risk Management Briefing Session
Remuneration Component
Proportion of Total Remuneration
To ensure objectivity and transparency with respect to the officer remuneration plan, the Board of Directors resolves to assign the task of making decisions on allocations of officer remuneration to the CEO following deliberations regarding the appropriateness thereof carried out by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which consists mainly of external officers.
A briefing session is held annually for officers, managers and supervisors as a forum for sharing information on various laws, regulations and changes in the operating environment. The Company continues to communicate information that incorporates recent case studies to firmly establish Company-wide risk management and compliance promotion activities.
Basic remuneration
Bonus 25% Stock compensation 10%
The Company’s policy when it comes to remuneration mix for positions other than that of the CEO is such that the higher one’s position the lower his or her proportion of basic remuneration, and the higher his or her proportion of bonus and stock compensation.
Moreover, the Company makes decisions on remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members through consultation with the Audit & Supervisory Board members.
Compliance Training
Directors (excluding external directors)
808 50 51
310 80 47 – 51 –
416 3 –
6 3 6
Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding external Audit & Supervisory Board members)
External officers
Persons Receiving Total Remuneration of ¥100 Million or More
See the KOSÉ website for more information on corporate governance, risk management and compliance.
Name
Company
Fixed Performance-Linked Remuneration Remuneration
Provision for Officers’ Retirement Benefits
Kazutoshi Kobayashi
Director
KOSÉ Corporation
214 47
364
625
50 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 51
Officer Classification
Amount of Remuneration by Type (Millions of yen)
Total Remuneration (Millions of yen)
65%
Total Remuneration by Officer Classification, Amount by Type of Remuneration and Number of Eligible Officers
Every year since 2008, the Company has set important themes for compliance and conducted training for all KOSE Group employees using e-learning or handouts. The Company also conducts awareness-raising for Beauty Advisors and target- specific training to communicate information in a form that suits the audience.
Officer Classification
Fixed Performance-Linked Remuneration Remuneration
Provision for Officers’ Retirement Benefits
Total Remuneration (Millions of yen)
Amount of Remuneration by Type (Millions of yen)
Number of Eligible Officers
Because external directors are expected to engage in the function of managerial oversight from an independent standpoint, their remuneration consists solely of fixed basic remuneration. They accordingly do not receive performance-linked bonuses or stock compensation.
Board of Directors
Committee Meeting Frequency in Fiscal 2019
(3) Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Risk Management Officer
11
For officer remuneration, the Company has established separate director and Audit & Supervisory Board member classifications at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Accordingly, the Company is to allocate to each officer amounts of officer remuneration, the total of which does not exceed the total amounts set for the respective classifications.
Departments/Affiliated Companies
companies
Consultations, etc.
Consultations, etc.
11
times
https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/csr/management/
Risk Management and Compliance Committee
Compliance Committee convened
Internal/External Consulting Channels
Reporting
• Development/implementation of risk countermeasures and verification of effects
Risk Management Committee convened

                                                       Business and Other Risks
Business/Financial Risk
The following explanations of risk factors in this report are presented with the objective of proactively disclosing information of material interest to investors for making investment decisions.
Committee as a cross-divisional Company-wide organization to conduct qualitative analysis and evaluation to comprehensively identify risks, and to take necessary countermeasures for those risks that may have a substantial impact. Specifically, each year the Company selects risk items using a questionnaire sent to persons in charge of affiliated companies and departments, and prioritizes them along two evaluation axes: impact on business performance and other factors if the risk materializes; and likelihood of the risk materializing.
Increase in raw material prices
From the standpoint of proactive disclosure, these explanations include factors that are not necessarily of this nature and factors associated with external matters that are beyond the control of the KOSÉ Group that can influence the decision making of investors. This is not meant to be a complete list of potential risks.
Discontinuation of raw material sharing
These risk factors could have a material influence on the KOSÉ Group’s management performance and financial position.
Political/Economic Risk
Please note that the forward-looking statements contained herein are based on the Company’s judgments, which were made as of June 26, 2020, and forward-looking statements are not limited to those presented here.
Changes in legal regulations and response
The Company collects information on a daily basis regarding legal regulations related to its business. In product development, the Company reviews raw material standards in light of changes in legal regulations and responds by effectively utilizing domestic and overseas information networks to secure alternative raw materials.
To ensure business continuity and stable growth going forward, the Company has established the Risk Management Promotion
Abrupt changes in the political situation in countries where the Company does business
Impact on sales due to fluctuations in demand
Employee safety risk
The Company takes necessary measures by enhancing cooperation with overseas affiliates and business partners to collect information on economic, political, and social conditions in each country in a timely fashion.
Responding to Risks
Strategy Risk
Accident/Disaster Risk
Price competition
The Company conducts product development, marketing and sales taking into account changes in market needs and customer preferences, and works to maintain and improve its competitive advantage by adding functional and emotional value to achieve differentiation.
Natural disasters
(earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis, etc.) Delays or interruption of business activities due to suspension of production and distribution functions
Damage to brand value Decrease in market share
In the event of a disaster or the spread of an infectious disease, the Company will immediately establish an emergency headquarters to discuss and implement countermeasures. To prepare for disasters, the Company has created a crisis management manual. It also confirms workplace safety and corrects deficiencies.
Entry of new competitors
In addition to constantly keeping track of information from its business partners and sales and marketing sites, the Company works to remain abreast of market information in a timely manner through regular consumer surveys. It also strategically pursues unique value through active cooperation with companies in other industries and linkages with external resources and technologies.
Spread of highly virulent infectious disease
Main Risks
Main Measures
Main Risks
Main Measures
Decrease in market share due to entrants from other industries and expansion into new channels by competitors
Delays or interruption of business activities including production, supply, and sales
Research and development delays
Decrease in brand competitiveness Decline in innovation
Main Risks
Main Measures
Changes in consumer preferences
In addition to regularly conducting market surveys to properly obtain consumer information and conducting consumer surveys in Japan, the Company is also stepping up its surveys in countries outside Japan where it does business. It is also actively deploying digital technologies in pursuit of new customer experiences.
Decline in corporate competitiveness
Decrease in brand value due to deviation from consumer needs
52 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 53
The risks selected through the risk assessment are aggregated by risk category: strategy risk, business/financial risk, political/economic risk, accident/disaster risk, personnel/ labor risk, or legal violation/indemnification risk. The Company has established and operates a system to monitor the current status and progress of each of its risk countermeasures on a regular basis.
Main Risks
Main Measures
The Company conducts basic and applied research using data science at the Advanced Technology Laboratory, and has also opened a branch in Lyon, France to conduct leading- edge dermatological research. The Company is also actively engaged in open innovation using external resources.
Personnel/Labor Risk
Demand fluctuation risk Impact on product exports
Securing outstanding talent
The Company works to create an environment in which diverse human resources can play an active role. In its recruitment activities, the Company secures expert human resources through hiring by job type and outstanding talent through revision of the Beauty Consultant compensation system.
Legal Violation/Indemnification Risk
Problems related to product accidents
The Company manufactures products with the highest priority on delivering safe and reliable products to customers. It has articulated its stance on the KOSÉ Group’s products through its Quality Policy comprising a quality policy message and five declarations for daily activities.
Main Risks
Main Measures
Decline in profitability due to increased raw material prices
The Company conducts procurement globally to minimize market risk. It also strives to procure necessary raw materials and outsourced products at appropriate prices in a timely manner while maintaining good relationships with suppliers. The Company has also established the Cost and Inventory Reduction Promotion Committee, which is working to maintain appropriate costs.
Obstacles to stable product supply
Impact on sales and profit margins
Decline in the Company’s creditworthiness
Main Risks
Main Measures
Reputation loss among customers and decline in corporate value due to serious product accidents
Leaks of confidential or personal information
In addition to raising awareness of compliance through the Compliance Promotion Committee, the Company has established a Personal Information Management Committee based on laws and guidelines of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, and is working to build a comprehensive management system by strengthening information security.
Reputation loss and compensation for damage due to information leaks

  Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (As of June 26,2020)
  1. Yasukiyo Kobayashi Honorary Chairmann
2. Kazutoshi Kobayashi President & CEO
3. Takao Kobayashi Senior Executive Director
4. Atsuo Kumada Senior Executive Director
5. Masanori Kobayashi Executive Director
6. Koichi Shibusawa Executive Director
7. Yusuke Kobayashi Director
8. Michihito Yanai Director
9. Yukino Kikuma Director (External)
10. Norika Yuasa Director (External)
11. Yuko Maeda Director (External)
12. Noboru Matsumoto Standing Audit &
Supervisory Board Member
13. Shinji Tanabe Standing Audit &
Supervisory Board Member
14. Toru Miyama
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
15. Kumi Kobayashi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
13 15 14 10
5
6 9
3 2
8 12
1 4 7 11
           54 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 55

                                             Career Histories (As of June 26, 2020) Honorary Chairman
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2006 Mar. 2007
Joined the Company
General Manager of Planning Dept.
General Manager in charge of Marketing Policy of President Office
General Manager of Business Strategy Office General Manager of Strategic Brands Div. and SK Brand Div.
Executive Officer and General Manager of Strategic Brands Div.
Director
Director and General Manager of Europe and America Business Div. (current position)
Apr. 1995 Dec. 2011
Joined Fuji Television Network, Inc. Registered as an attorney at law Joined Law Office of Matsuo & Kosugi (current position)
Yasukiyo Kobayashi
Honorary Chairman
Directors
Sep. 2003 Aug. 2011 Sep. 2017
Registered as an attorney at law
Registered as an attorney at law in New York State Part-time Professor of Waseda Law School (current position)
Partner, Miura & Partners (current position) Director of the Company (current position)
Apr. 1984 Sep. 2003
Joined Bridgestone Corporation
Director of Technology Transfer Center and Intellectual Property Manager of Intellectual Property Right Department of Tokyo Medical and Dental University (Concurrent) Visiting Professor of Tokyo Medical and Dental University
(Concurrent) Specially Appointed Professor of Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine
Vice President and Officer of Bridgestone Corporation (Concurrent) Auditor of Japan Agency for Marine- Earth Science and Technology (current position) Director of CellBank Corp. (current position) (Concurrent) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current position)
Director of the Company (current position)
Kazutoshi Kobayashi
Takao Kobayashi
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Auditor of Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology
President & CEO
Senior Executive Director
Atsuo Kumada
Masanori Kobayashi
Mar. 2018
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) –
Senior Executive Director
Jun. 2019
Executive Director
(Responsibilities) Marketing Headquarters
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) –
Koichi Shibusawa
(Responsibilities)
President Office, Corporate Strategy Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal Dept., IT Management Dept., Domestic Consolidated Subsidiaries and Associates of the Company, and Risk Management
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Audit & Supervisory Board Member of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. Audit & Supervisory Board Member of KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp. Director of ALBION CO., LTD.
Yusuke Kobayashi
Executive Director
Director
Toru Miyama
Kumi Kobayashi
56 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 57
Apr. 1964 Jul. 1969 Mar. 1976 Mar.1981 Jun. 1991 Mar.1997 Jun. 2007 Jun. 2014
Joined the Company
Director
Executive Director
Senior Executive Director
Representative, Senior Managing Director President & CEO
Mar. 2010 Mar. 2011
Jun. 2018
Director of the Company (current position)
Apr. 1986 Mar. 1991 Mar. 1995 Jun. 2004 Jun. 2007
Joined the Company
Director
Executive Director
Representative Director and Vice President Representative Director and President (current position)
Apr. 1993 Joined the Company
Jun. 1998 Director
Jun. 2013 Executive Director
Jun. 2014 Senior Executive Director (current position)
Jan. 2019 Jun. 2019
Oct. 2009 Oct. 2011
Mar. 2011 Mar. 2013 Jun. 2013 Jun. 2016 Apr. 2019
Mar. 2009
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Chairman President & CEO, KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. Honorary Chairman of the Company
(current position)
Jun. 2017 Mar. 2018
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company)
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) President & CEO of KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp.
Norika Yuasa
Yuko Maeda
Jan. 2017 Mar.2019
Director of
ALBION CO., LTD.
Director (External)
Director (External)
Apr. 1980 Mar. 2008
Joined the Company
Director and General Manager of Cosmetics Specialty Stores Dept. of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. Executive Officer of the Company and Executive Director of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD.
Executive Officer of the Company and Senior Executive Director of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. Director of the Company and Senior Executive Director of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD.
Executive Director of the Company and Senior Executive Director of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. Executive Director of the Company and President & CEO of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD. (current position)
Senior Executive Director of the Company (current position)
Mar. 2004 Mar. 2008
Joined the Company
General Manager of Corporate Strategy Office of President Office
General Manager in charge of Medium-term Strategy of Corporate Strategy Office of President Office
General Manager of Global Business Div. Executive Officer and General Manager of Global Business Div.
Director and General Manager of Global Business Div.
Executive Director and General Manager of Global Business Div.
Executive Director (current position)
Director of
CellBank Corp.
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) President & CEO of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD.
Mar. 2018 Jun. 2019
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2008
Joined the Company
Chief Director and General Manager of KOSÉ COSMETICS CO., LTD. (CHINA) and Chief Director and General Manager of KOSÉ COSMETICS SALES (CHINA) CO., LTD.
General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept. of the Company
Executive Officer and General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept.
Director and General Manager of Accounting and Finance Dept.
Executive Director (current position)
Apr. 2000 Sep. 2005 Sep. 2006 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2017
Joined ALBION CO., LTD.
Executive Officer
Director
Director of the Company (current position) Executive Director of ALBION CO., LTD. (current position)
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Mar. 2010
Jun. 2019
Mar. 2011
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Executive Director, General Manager of Global Business Div. and Administrative Div. of ALBION CO., LTD.
Jun. 2019 Jun. 2020
Director of SPOKACHI, Inc. (current position) Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (current position)
Jun. 2013
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Attorney of Miyama Law Office
Jun. 2018
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Partner, Sakurai & Co.
Representative Director of Tokyo Athletes Office, Inc. Director of SPOKACHI, Inc.
Mar. 2010 Mar. 2011
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2006
Joined the Company
General Manager of Product Supply Management Planning Demand Planning Dept. General Manager of Cosmetaries Planning Dept. General Manager of Sales Planning Dept. of KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD.
Chief Director and General Manager of TAIWAN KOSÉ CO., LTD.
General Manager of General Administration Dept. of the Company
Executive Officer
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current position)
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2015
Joined the Company
General Manager of Technical Research Management Dept. of R&D Laboratories General Manager of Quality Assurance Dept. Senior Chief Manager of Quality Assurance Dept. Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Jun. 2013
Mar. 2007 Mar. 2008
Mar. 2017 Mar. 2019 Jun. 2020
Jun. 2017
Mar. 2011 Mar. 2013
Michihito Yanai
(Responsibilities)
Europe and America Business Div.
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Director (Chairman) of Tarte, Inc.
Director (Chairman & Secretary) of KOSÉ AMERICA, INC.
Yukino Kikuma
Director
Director (External)
Noboru Matsumoto
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) –
Shinji Tanabe
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
Mar. 2015
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Attorney at law of Law Office of Matsuo & Kosugi Director and Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, Takihyo Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, ALCONIX CORPORATION
Outside Director, KITZ CORPORATION
(Responsibilities) –
(Significant Concurrent Positions Outside the Company) Partner, Miura & Partners
May 2013 Apr. 2014
Apr. 1998 Oct. 2006
Registered as an attorney at law Established Miyama Law Office (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current position)
Mar. 2006 Sep. 2006 Mar. 2016 Apr. 2017
Registered as a certified public accountant Joined GCA Corporation
Partner, Sakurai & Co. (current position) Representative Director of Tokyo Athletes Office, Inc. (current position)
Jun. 2020

                   Financial Section
10-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data
Fiscal years ended March 31
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2020
Performance:
Net sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Interest and dividend income
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Comprehensive income
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Current assets
Total assets
Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Shareholders’ equity
Interest-bearing debt
Depreciation 8,838
243,390 183,920 149,286
207,821 157,057 134,410
190,049 143,390 124,456
170,685 128,587 116,722
166,508 124,481 113,053
171,071 127,767 113,929
3,039,265 2,216,637 1,843,540
Capital expenditures
Per-Share Data:
Net income (basic) Net assets
Cash dividends
467.76 648.71 3,920.41 3,660.77 190.00 180.00
536.63 3,227.07 148.00
379.66 2,871.60 110.00
327.04 2,583.76 94.00
211.37 2,455.34 64.00
195.15 2,188.59 48.00
117.22 1,964.85 41.00
86.51 1,858.91 40.00
115.87 1,813.28 40.00
4.34 36.36 1.76
Financial Ratios:
Shareholders’ equity ratio ROA2
ROE3
Gross profit margin Operating margin
72.5 69.6 13.4 18.6 12.3 18.8 72.9 73.4 12.3 15.7
68.1 18.8 17.6 73.1 16.0 10.1 27.6
66.3 16.4 13.9 74.9 14.7
63.2 16.0 13.0 75.6 14.2
68.3 11.7 9.1 75.6 10.9 5.8 30.3
67.0 10.8 9.4 75.4 10.0 5.9 24.6
64.8 7.1 6.1 75.3 7.0 3.9 35.0
63.7 7.0 4.7 74.8 6.9 3.0 46.2
62.2 8.4 6.5 74.7 8.1 3.9 34.5
Profit attributable to owners of parent to net sales
8.1 11.1 40.6 27.7
8.1 29.0
7.7 28.7
Payout ratio
327,724 239,020 198,789
332,995 244,387 191,979
303,399 221,852 173,443
266,762 199,735 160,574
52,408 651 54,949 37,004 36,427 64,264 205,241 300,162 66,107 9,213 203,566 1,666 8,018 19,286 18,500
48,408 271 48,242 30,611 36,908 63,883 193,164 271,545 62,821 10,116 176,263 1,311 6,977 10,065
39,160 294 39,425 21,657 24,643 55,622 172,074 247,191 56,033 14,027 159,348 1,629 5,821 10,770
40,231 662 40,365 26,682 26,703 70,284 204,438 308,606 59,676 8,727 219,425 1,654
34,634 347 33,862 18,655 13,197 52,997 161,351 233,275 57,766 16,965 143,626 1,704 5,744 10,445
22,647 315 23,694 12,057 19,688 50,754 134,476 205,006 45,207 10,160 129,203 1,248 5,293 21,143
18,934 432 20,757 11,132 13,756 52,755 130,391 186,274 39,877 13,585 120,229 1,386 4,679 5,750
11,864 342 12,813 6,720 8,656 32,121 115,067 173,014 35,206 18,497 111,495 5,006 4,607 5,599
11,427 387 11,728 5,021 5,484 34,090 108,051 169,316 34,261 20,187 108,923 5,071 4,882 3,821
13,838 353 12,387 6,726 6,693 34,065 102,847 169,262 35,804 21,661 106,223 5,104 5,162 5,421
373,096 6,139 374,339 247,445 247,639 651,803 1,895,928 2,861,967 553,426 80,932 2,034,916 15,338 81,962 178,846
Notes: 1. The U.S. dollar amounts are translated, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥107.8 to US$1.00, the approximate rate of exchange on March 31, 2020.
2. ROA = (Operating profit + Interest and dividend income) / Yearly average of total assets × 100
3. ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent / (Yearly average of total shareholders’ equity + Yearly average of total valuation, translation adjustments and other) × 100
58 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 59
Millions of yen 2011
Thousands of U.S. dollars1
Yen
%

                                                Principal Group Companies (As of March 31, 2020) Production Related Subsidiaries
Corporate Information (As of March 31, 2020)
Company Name
Country
Paid-in Capital
Ownership
3-6-2, Nihonbashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8251, Japan
Tel: +81-3-3273-1511
https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/ sustainability/
ADVANCE CO., LTD.
KOSÉ INDUSTRIES CO., LTD. ALBION CO., LTD.
TAIWAN KOSÉ CO., LTD.
Japan Japan Japan
JPY 90 million JPY 100 million JPY 760 million
100.0% 100.0% 79.5% 100.0%
Number of Employees (Consolidated):
14,060 March 31
Marketing and Services Related Subsidiaries
Stock Information (As of March 31, 2020)
Company Name
Country
Paid-in Capital
Ownership
KOSÉ SALES CO., LTD.
KOSÉ COSMENIENCE CO., LTD.
KOSÉ Cosmeport Corp.
KOSÉ PROFESSIONAL CO., LTD.1
Dr. PHIL COSMETICS INC.
KOSÉ PROVISION CO., LTD.
KOSÉ COSMEPIA CO., LTD.2
KOSÉ INSURANCE SERVICE CO., LTD.
COSME LABO CO., LTD.
KOSÉ MILBON COSMETICS CO., LTD.
KOSÉ Maruho Co., Ltd.
KOSÉ (HONG KONG) CO., LTD.
KOSÉ COSMETICS SALES (CHINA) CO., LTD. KOSÉ SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.
KOSÉ KOREA CO., LTD.
KOSÉ (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
KOSÉ (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
KOSÉ CORPORATION INDIA PVT. LTD.
PT. INDONESIA KOSÉ
KOSÉ AMERICA, INC.
KOSÉ BRASIL COMÉRCIO DE COSMÉTICOS LTDA. TARTE, INC.3
ALBION COSMETICS (AMERICA), INC.
ALBION COSMETICS (HK) LTD.
ALBION COSMETICS (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD. ALBION COSMETICS (TAIWAN) CO., LTD.
Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan
JPY 300 million JPY 30 million JPY 30 million JPY 10 million JPY 40 million JPY 30 million JPY 10 million JPY 10 million JPY 10 million JPY 10 million JPY 10 million
100.0% Common Stock (Authorized): 100.0% Common Stock (Issued): 100.0% Capital:
200,000,000 shares 60,592,541 shares ¥4,848 million 13,474
Distribution of Shares
1. CRIE CO., LTD. changed its name to KOSÉ PROFESSIONAL CO., LTD. on April 1, 2019.
2. KOSÉ COSMEPIA CO., LTD. changed its name to KOSÉ Travel Retail Co., Ltd. on April 1, 2020.
3. KOSÉ acquired all remaining outstanding shares of Tarte, Inc. in June 2020, making it a wholly owned subsidiary.
DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION
A survey and scoring initiative specializing in environmental issues such as climate change countermeasures, conducted at the request of institutional investors around the world to collect, analyze, rate and disclose corporate strategies.
An index for socially responsible investment developed by MSCI Inc. of the United States, used to select Japanese companies with a high level of gender diversity that promote women’s participation and advancement in the workforce.
60 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 61
Taiwan
TWD 180 million
Hong Kong China Singapore South Korea Thailand Malaysia India Indonesia U.S.A. Brazil U.S.A. U.S.A. Hong Kong China Taiwan
HKD 15 million CNY 235 million SGD 1 million KRW 25,000 million THB 5 million MYR 1 million INR 700 million IDR 10,000 million USD 2 million USD 1 million USD 159 USD 2 million HKD 71 million CNY 37 million TWD 60 million
100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
21,000
15
100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
Number of Shareholders: Stock Listing:
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section (Code: 4922)
Financial institutions 16.3%
51.0%
(Yen) 51.0% 28,000
Stock price (left scale)
Volume (right scale)
(Millions of shares) 20
49.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
7,000
5
98.0% 79.5% 79.5% 79.5% 79.5%
FTSE4Good Index Series
FTSE Blossom Japan Index
Corporate Name: Founding: Incorporation: Head Office:
KOSÉ Corporation
Website: IR Section:
https://www.kose.co.jp https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/ir/
Transfer Agent:
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Japanese individual investors and others 53.0%
Stock Data
14,000
10
March 1946
June 1948
Sustainability Section:
00
Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019
Dec. Jan. 2019 2020
Feb. Mar. 2020 2020
External Recognition and Certification
A series of indexes for socially responsible investment developed by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the London Stock Exchange, used to select companies that demonstrate strong environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices on a global level.
An index for socially responsible investment developed by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the London Stock Exchange, used to select Japanese companies that demonstrate strong environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices.
CDP
Fiscal Year-End:
Other Japanese corporations 5.4%
Securities companies 0.4%
Foreign corporations and individuals 24.9%
https://www.kose.co.jp/company/en/sustainability/recognition/

 