Dedicated to being a source of beauty for everyone, the KOSÉ Group strives to offer the value of “beauty” by continually working to recognize the unique identity and values of each individual. By offering society beauty based on the concept of adaptability that provides a wide range of choices, we will help create a world where people with diverse backgrounds and characteristics—including skin color, physical features, gender, sociocultural and geographical background by country or region, living environment, religion and creed—can live confidently and beautifully.

Under the theme “Find Your Own Beauty,” a new Maison KOSÉ concept store opened in Ginza, Tokyo in December 2019. Featuring a cross-section of the KOSÉ Group’s diverse brands and products, the store offers innovations that allow visitors to be among the first to try out and enjoy new software, hardware and beauty tech spanning the brand lineup.

Consumer values and lifestyles are diversifying, and the individual needs of the people who use cosmetics are as diverse as the very people who use them. At the same time, due to factors such as the spread of social media, the volume of information that people are confronted with is overwhelming, making it all the more difficult for them to find cosmetics that truly suit them. Under these circumstances, we are exploring the potential of next-generation beauty experiences through new types of communication that merge the digital world with real in-store experiences to promote our unique, omnidirectional KOSÉ beauty platform for connecting directly with customers. The first step is Maison KOSÉ. We plan to implement this concept both at physical stores and at our online shop.

Customer feedback obtained at Maison KOSÉ will lead to new product development, optimization of product formulas, applications for research findings and other innovations to support more sophisticated personalized proposals that meet the most diverse individual needs. Moreover, by analyzing the data and customer feedback we accumulate, we can address diverse needs through linkage with areas such as product formula design.

Optimizing the Beauty Experience for Each Person
A Manager’s Perspective
Maison KOSÉ is an integral part of KOSÉ’s beauty platform concept. The KOSÉ Group’s first attempt at providing cross-brand services and merging beauty with digital technologies, it aims to create new customer experiences. Under the “Find Your Own Beauty” theme, the store incorporates our desire to provide diverse and comprehensive beauty proposals. We are making a fundamental shift away from the standard approach to beauty, which tends to be uniform and one-way, and evolving a customer- oriented, interactive approach.
Aiming to Be a Leader in Helping to Solve Social Issues
Our aim is to provide seamless, high-value-added beauty proposals that take into account diverse lifestyles and values, proactively using a variety of advanced technologies to optimize the beauty experience for each person.