The KOSÉ Group supports people’s health and happiness as one of life’s fundamental goals. Our efforts to support this goal are important not only for the customers who use our products and services, but for all our stakeholders, people in our value chain around the world and the next generation. Through these activities and our business operations, we strive to help solve social issues in ways such as improving quality of life, raising the awareness of the next generation and promoting responsible procurement that takes human rights into consideration.

The KOSÉ Accelerator Program, which started in 2018, incorporates an approach of open innovation that combines our in-house resources with external technologies and resources, to create value that we could not achieve on our own. The program was held for the second time in fiscal 2019.

This time, we put out a call for participants to collaborate in omnidirectional innovation under the concept of “applying technology to sensitivity in new experiences in beauty.” We received 86 applications from start-up companies in a wide range of fields. We selected the proposal from Sunshine Delight, Inc.—for research into protecting beauty and health from ultraviolet rays—as a collaborative project involving members from both our companies. In recent years, global environmental problems and the importance of providing protection from UV rays from early childhood have become issues. Against this backdrop, we chose this issue as a matter that KOSÉ should address Company-wide, and a highly meaningful proposal in terms of helping to solve a social issue.

The importance of UV protection is gaining attention globally. In addition to conducting research and development into an eco-friendly sunscreen, KOSÉ and Sunshine Delight are working to raise awareness by combining their expertise to promote accurate understanding of ultraviolet rays and to make the use of sunscreen from early childhood a habit.

Based on reports and other information from international organizations* on the effects of UV rays on the body during early childhood, this project is aimed at establishing a new business model for minimizing the impact of UV rays on skin and health. We will conduct activities to promote beautiful and healthy skin by popularizing the habit of using sunscreen from early childhood.

The Project to Protect Beauty and Health from Ultraviolet Rays was launched out of KOSÉ’s desire to take the initiative in providing countermeasures to help the global community solve the issue of UV exposure, which is becoming more serious due to global warming. We are totally committed to making KOSÉ a leader in helping to solve social issues. To begin with, we will be working with Sunshine Delight to raise awareness about the importance of UV protection from early childhood. We are currently using teaching materials and sunscreen made with children and the environment in mind to popularize habits to protect the skin from UV rays. We will carry out the project to create a future where protecting the skin from UV rays is universally understood and done almost without thinking, where KOSÉ is closely associated with UV care, and where children’s earliest memory of skin care is a KOSÉ product.

To enhance people’s quality of life, KOSÉ is involved in the promotion of sports, which are an important part of healthy lifestyles. As a company that creates beauty for people, we continue to cosponsor and support teams and individual athletes in various sports, particularly those that combine beauty, art and fashion.

In July 2019, we entered into the Gold Partner Agreement with the Japan Para-Ski Federation to provide comprehensive support not just for individual competitions, but for all competitions under the federation’s jurisdiction. Going forward, we will more actively support Japanese athletes competing on the global stage and support the overall development of snow sports.

In addition, we entered into a sponsorship contract with professional golfers Yui Kawamoto in January 2020 and Erika Harada, Rei Matsuda and Yuka Yasuda in March of the same year. As a result, we now have a total of 14 contracts for sponsorship and support of female professional golfers who “compete beautifully.”

We will continue working to enhance people’s quality of life by supporting health and beauty through the promotion of sports.

In February 2020, we held a makeup workshop for swimmers at the Japan Institute of Sports Sciences in Kita-ku, Tokyo as the official sponsor of Mermaid Japan, a team representing Japan in artistic swimming. We taught detailed techniques that athletes can apply themselves, focusing on makeup that stays on in the water during competition. In order to make the swimmers stand out in performances, top makeup artists at KOSÉ are working to create makeup that brings out beauty to match the music and costumes. The sense of unity that these techniques, tips and beautiful makeup foster contributes to the swimmers’ grace, self-confidence and concentration. KOSÉ will continue its support for the members of Mermaid Japan.

KOSÉ supports health promotion activities by providing sunscreen products such as the Sports Beauty brand at walking events and marathons throughout Japan.
Marathon in Okinawa Prefecture, to support participants who want reliable protection from the effects of the sun.
Making KOSÉ a Comfortable Place Where Everyone’s Contribution Is Welcome
To support regional revitalization and promote the health of local residents, we provided complimentary sunscreen products to more than 34,000 participants in Arukimedesu walking events in approximately 80 locations throughout Japan. We also sponsor events including the Bando Iwai Masakado Half Marathon in Ibaraki Prefecture, the Koedo Kawagoe Half Marathon in Saitama Prefecture and the Ishigaki Island Marathon in Okinawa Prefecture, to support participants who want reliable protection from the effects of the sun.