The growth of the KOSÉ Group will require the capabilities of every one of our more than 14,000 employees worldwide. In addition, as a company that creates beauty for people, we have continued to propose new value for the lives of many people. That is why we believe the messages we communicate to society will help create a future where there is no more gender gap, not only in Japan but all around the world. We promote and proactively engage in awareness-raising activities to help realize a society where everyone can play an active role regardless of gender.

We promote diversity and inclusion as the foundation for creating unique value. We aim to be an organization and an enterprise that generates unique value globally by realizing our full potential through our collective uniqueness comprising the individuality of each employee.

We launched the Company-wide project to “Create a Great Place to Work” in fiscal 2017 and announced our Diversity & Inclusion Declaration as one of its initiatives in November 2019.

We believe that respecting and empowering the diversity of every team member, which is the meaning of “diversity and inclusion,” will address changes in global society and markets as a source of continuous creation of unique value for our diverse customers. Therefore, we are promoting diversity and inclusion initiatives throughout the Company as part of our larger corporate management strategy.

We will establish employee benefit and training systems to create a foundation for all employees to fully display their potential and foster a culture of awareness of and mutual respect for individuality and empowerment regardless of gender, age, nationality, lifestyle or other individual characteristics. By doing so, we aim to become a company with a global presence as a leader in providing beauty.

Our team consists of members with various job titles, career histories and lifestyles. The Diversity & Inclusion Declaration communicates our determination to “generate unique value globally by realizing our full potential through our collective uniqueness comprising the individuality of each employee.” There are many women in the KOSÉ Group, and their active participation has a direct bearing on the Group’s potential. That is why we initially devised and started support measures for women to develop their careers at the various stages of their lives. We believe that such measures are one aspect of creating a workplace where everyone’s contribution is welcome. Our mission as a company is to ensure that the entire spectrum of our human resources—a true treasure—can shine.