For the Earth
4 4
Use the Theme of Beauty to Help Solve Environmental Issues
SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE Project
“A More Beautiful You, a More Beautiful Earth”
  It is important to us to offer all kinds of value related to beauty through our business activities, beyond just making the cosmetics that are an intimate part of consumers’ lives. We will continue to conduct activities that help solve environmental issues by providing added value in products and services centered on beauty, including beauty- and lifestyle-related proposals. By communicating these activities to the general public, we will also make more consumers conscious of environmental issues and foster awareness of solving these issues using the theme of beauty.
A Manager’s Perspective
 Giving Back to Nature through SEKKISEI
Celebrating its 35th anniversary in May 2020, SEKKISEI is distinguishable by its striking azure packaging. SEKKISEI products contain oriental herbal extracts from Earth’s natural bounty. That is where our SAVE the BLUE project originated—from our desire to give back to nature and to protect the blue Earth. Our activities to preserve the oceans and forests have now spread around the world. Going forward, we will broaden the scope of our activities for SEKKISEI. Through efforts to develop eco-friendly containers and reduce water consumption, as well as support activities for gender equality and other issues, we will offer beauty not only to our many customers, but also to the natural environment—to the blue Earth and the people who live on it.
Naoto Ito
Sekkisei Planning Sec. Consumer Brands Div.
  The SAVE the BLUE project debuted in 2009, with a portion of sales from SEKKISEI, a brand loved by many customers, directed toward activities to protect the coral reefs in Okinawa. Coral reefs, which provide a habitat for marine ecosystems, are highly susceptible to temperature and other environmental changes and are in need of greater conservation efforts. A portion of sales from select SEKKISEI brand products purchased by customers during our summer campaigns is donated to an organization in Okinawa. The funds are used to cover the cost of growing an amount of corals equivalent to the total surface area of the bottoms* of the containers of project-designated SEKKISEI products, and for transplanting the cultivated corals onto reefs in Okinawa. Over the past 11 years, corals covering a total of 105,194,126 square centimeters, or about 28.1 times the area of a regulation-size short-course (25 m) swimming pool, have been transplanted. In our winter campaign, which began in fiscal 2019, we contributed a portion of sales to activities to preserve mountain forests, and in June 2019 we planted Manchurian oak, katsura, Japanese beech and other seedlings. We are contributing to global environmental preservation activities together with Mori wa umi no koibito,
a nonprofit organization working to preserve a healthy natural environment for the rivers that feed the oceans by
Moreover, the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project has spread beyond Japan to locations around the world. Summer and winter campaigns are also currently being conducted in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and the United States. We also carried out a program for staff to study corals in Okinawa and to present their environmental conservation activities in their respective regions. KOSÉ supports the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) advocated by the United Nations, and through the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project it will conduct environmental conservation activities on land and sea and further advance its efforts to make more customers aware of the importance of protecting our blue planet.
maintaining woodlands near populated areas, which are home to thriving ecosystems.
* In the case of SEKKISEI lotion regular size: approx. 4 cm x 5 cm = approx. 20 sq. cm
Summer campaign
• Fiscal 2019
Number of corals planted: 1,383 Area: 8,436,805 sq. cm (approx. 2.2 times the area of a regulation-size short-course 25-meter pool)
• Fiscal 2009-2019 total
Number of corals planted: 17,342 Area: 105,194,126 sq. cm (approx. 28.1 times the area of a regulation- size short-course 25-meter pool)
Winter campaign
• Fiscal 2018
Number of trees planted: 300
* Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the next count of number of trees planted has been put off until after fiscal 2020.
Fiscal 2030 target
Summer campaign poster
Winter campaign poster
SEKKISEI Sustainable Package Initiatives
In addition to conducting the SEKKISEI SAVE the BLUE project, we are actively working to create eco-friendly products for SEKKISEI, as a representative KOSÉ brand that drives the Group’s sustainability promotion activities.
A SEKKISEI limited edition kit launched in September 2019 had a tray made with approximately half the plastic of conventional products as a result of using a new composite material that combines a paper-derived material and plastic. A renewed sunscreen product launched in February 2020 uses biomass PET, an environmentally friendly material, for the packaging. Biomass PET contains a plant-based material made from sugarcane bagasse that replaces some of the primary raw material PET, and has been attracting attention as a sustainable material that does not add to net atmospheric CO2, even when burned.
We will continue to conduct environmentally conscious manufacturing for SEKKISEI, including the production of sustainable containers and packaging materials, as we also help to raise the environmental consciousness of our customers.
SEKKISEI limited edition kit
       ・ Area of corals planted: 20,000 sq. m
(approx. 53 times the area of a regulation-size short-course 25-meter pool)
    Sunscreen gel
UV Tone Up
 A Manager’s Perspective
 With SEKKISEI, A More Beautiful You, a More Beautiful Earth
Since its debut in 1985, the aim of SEKKISEI has been to create beautiful skin by using extracts from oriental plants nurtured by the Earth. Even in our manufacturing, we want to give back to the Earth that provides us with many blessings. Since fiscal 2019, we have therefore been putting greater effort into manufacturing that takes sustainability into consideration. For the new series to be launched in 2020, we made the box from recyclable cardboard to put customers in closer touch with environmental issues. We will continue to promote the evolution of the value of SEKKISEI to deliver cosmetics that offer
beauty for both skin and the Earth. Corrugated cardboard is used
   34 KOSÉ REPORT 2020 
KOSÉ REPORT 2020 35