 For the KOSÉ Group to carry out its corporate activities sustainably, we believe it is important to consider the environment in regions where we produce products or offer services, and to give back to those regions. We strive to protect the environment in the regions where KOSÉ operates and work in partnership with our stakeholders to coexist and prosper with these regions.

In June 2019, we entered into a location agreement and a forest maintenance agreement with Minami-Alps City and Yamanashi Prefecture for the construction of a new production base. These agreements are aimed at encouraging collaboration and cooperation among the three parties toward achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations.
The newly planned Minami Alps Factory (provisional name) is located at the foot of Japan’s Southern Alps, an area blessed with a beautiful, rich natural environment that is a source of clean water. The area has received international recognition as a Biosphere Reserve by UNESCO. When we begin producing cosmetics here, we aim to achieve the following five SDGs in areas including coexistence with nature through forest conservation and other means, promoting employment and regional vitalization based on collaboration and cooperation with the local government and residents.

Under its medium-to-long-term VISION 2026, the KOSÉ Group
is working to establish a production-supply and quality control system capable of stable medium-to-long-term support. As part of this initiative, we are proceeding with a project to build a new production base, the Minami Alps Factory (provisional name) in Minami-Alps City, Yamanashi Prefecture.

Located in an environment blessed by clean water and lush vegetation at the foot of the Minami Alps, the factory will be compliant with ISO22716 (Cosmetics GMP),* and have advanced production technology and a thorough quality assurance system. The production environment will be eco- friendly and superior in terms of economy and functionality, in addition to adding value. Production facilities will be mainly for skin care and hair care products, and we intend to be able to
use the factory to respond swiftly to future growth in demand.
* Cosmetics Good Manufacturing Practices: Technical standards for control of production and quality of cosmetics and other products

Creating a Factory That Coexists with the Blessings of Nature
A key point in selecting Minami-Alps City as the location for our new factory was the purity of its water, which is essential for cosmetics. We are designing the factory to conserve resources and energy so that we can protect this abundant water resource and be able to use it for many years to come. We are promoting the 3 Rs* for water resources and contributing to sustainability by making full use of its potential, including the use of groundwater as a heat source for air conditioning. We will also proactively engage in activities to protect the forests of the Southern Alps that are the source of this clean water.
While conducting environmental conservation activities in cooperation with the local community to coexist with nature, we will strive to make cosmetics with a total commitment to a sustainable approach at the new factory, as well as our existing factories.     
