  Our beauteous global environment is the source of healthy lives for all of us. In addition, because many of the ingredients in cosmetics are obtained from nature, we benefit from the natural environment every day we do business. The KOSÉ Group is grateful for this benefit and therefore believes that it has a responsibility to reduce its environmental impact as much as possible to preserve nature—in other words, the global environment. The KOSÉ Group will work to further advance its efforts to lower the overall environmental impact of its business operations.

We consider it an important theme and our responsibility as a company to ascertain and reduce the amount of energy used at our factories, offices, distribution sites and other locations, as well as the amount of CO2 and other emissions that impact the environment. We made climate change countermeasures one of our top priority sustainability issues for fiscal 2019.

In April 2020, the KOSÉ Group introduced the EcoAssist1 environmental information management system, which centrally manages and visualizes the amount of energy used in corporate activities.
The system can collect environmental data from multiple locations, including overseas, for centralized management and use. Data collected includes greenhouse gas emissions and total material inputs at factories, offices, distribution sites and other locations. Analysis of the aggregated data over time and
by organization will facilitate the formulation of more effective strategies for lowering environmental impact. We will continue working to lower environmental impact throughout the Company by using EcoAssist as one measure to “develop a sustainability strategy spanning the entire value chain,” as stated in VISION 2026.
1. A solution from Hitachi, Ltd. for visualizing a company’s environmental management to support analysis and improvement

Not only does the KOSÉ Group set strict standards for the raw materials and ingredients it selects for its cosmetics, it also takes environmental impact into account in developing containers and packaging. Our considerations include ease of sorting of materials and disposal after use, and reduction of the volume of waste itself. As we meet customer needs for convenience and added value and ensure quality, we are also adopting sustainable materials, and we currently use recycled paper for the outer boxes of almost all our brands, including COSME DECORTE and SEKKISEI. For paper packaging that does not use recycled paper, we make a point of using certified paper, which is made from lumber harvested from certified forests. We are also focusing on countermeasures for the problem of plastic waste, which has a serious environmental impact. In 2019, we formulated a strategy to promote sustainable design for plastic containers and packaging materials. We will go beyond previous efforts, aggressively reducing the amount of plastics we use and utilizing plant-derived plastics and recycled materials, among other measures. By 2030, we will use only containers and packaging materials compatible with the 4 Rs.2 We also aim to use recycled or biomass plastics for 50% or more of our plastic packaging materials
2. Reduce, reuse, recycle, renewable

Manufacturing That Considers People and the Global Environment
Plastic is a highly versatile material for cosmetics containers because of its ease of use, among other factors. However, marine pollution and other impacts of plastic on the global environment have become a concern in recent years. We have therefore set a target for our Product Designing Department to design all plastic containers and packaging materials with sustainability in mind by 2030. Efforts are under way, and include container planning and design that are compatible with the 4 Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle, renewable) and proactive adoption of materials such as biomass plastics that help reduce environmental impact. Going forward, we will adopt such activities to accelerate the manufacture of eco-friendly and appealing value-added products that are easier for diverse customers around the world to use.

Palm oil is a vegetable oil extracted from oil palms. It has diverse applications including in food, and as a raw material for cosmetics. However, there are problems associated with oil palm plantation development, such as destruction of tropical rainforests and human rights violations. Recognizing these problems as high-risk issues for the environment and human rights, the KOSÉ Group became a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)3 in 2019 and is taking measures to procure only sustainable palm oil. We also joined the Japan Sustainable Palm Oil Network (JaSPON)4 and started activities to procure, use and consume only sustainable palm oil. Through participation in Sustainable Palm Training conducted by JaSPON in Malaysia in November 2019, representatives from KOSÉ visited local environmental NGOs, small farms, depots, oil extraction plants, refineries
and other locations to deepen mutual awareness of issues through dialogue with the various stakeholders on their situations, issues and needs.