In May 2019, Kumagai Gumi launched the Kumagai Gumi Smile Project as a means of engaging in unique social contribution activities.
The project uses matching gifts that connect individual employees' initiatives to even greater social contribution. We total the number of employees who have participated in social contribution activities in the regions of our workplaces and departments, and make donations of social contribution expenses based on that number for each fiscal year.
In FY2020, 812 employees engaged in 86 instances of activities in areas including the environment, education, welfare, and community contribution. In FY2021, the company donated 11 million yen in social contribution expenses. The donations were applied to
areas including our KUMAGAI STAR PROJECT social contribution activities and disaster relief funds, as well as support for four organizations working on social issues.
Continuing from FY2020, we will continue supporting the following organizations in FY2021.
● JUON NETWORK (Activities that relate cities and countryside and give consideration to nature)
● Kosodate Hiroba Zenkoku Renraku Kyogikai (Activities to support Childcare in the community)
● Japan Cancer Society (Support for cancer patients, awareness of cancer diseases)
● Zenkoku Kodomo Shokudo Shien Center Musubie (Local network bases that serve meals)

Launched in 2015, this KUMAGAI STAR PROJECT engages in school building construction as a contribution to international society in countries in which Kumagai Gumi has business sites.
So far, we have constructed three elementary and junior high school buildings in the Republic of the Union of Myanmar.
As a new initiative, we have begun offering "KUMA- STAR" scholarships to 10 students from the third school. We established a "watch-over employee system" for interaction with students through letters and other means until graduation from junior high school. This is expanding into an activity involving many employees.
The activity has been praised by outsiders, and was introduced in online teaching materials for elementary and junior high school students in Japan, as well as among high-quality infrastructure project best practices collected by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism