 Stakeholder engagement
Engagement with Employees Promotion of work style reform
Respect for human rights
Employee education concerning human rights
We conduct training on human rights for new employees. We use this as an opportunity to deepen understanding of human rights through a broad range of topics, including social discrimination, discrimination toward LGBT persons and persons with disabilities, harassment in general, and human rights violations on the Internet.
Prevention of harassment
We conduct e-learning for all employees on the prevention of harassment.
About 80% of employees undergo the e-learning program, which covers (1) power harassment, (2) sexual harassment, (3) harassment related to pregnancy, childbirth, childcare leave, and nursing care leave, (4)
Health management
Kumagai Gumi has established a health promotion office staffed by general industrial physicians and health nurses in the Human Resources and General Affairs Department in Headquarters, and has readied systems for the comprehensive support of employees' health with the cooperation of industrial physicians and health promotion managers at all branches. Every fiscal year, we formulate an employee health promotion plan as part of our programs for mental and physical health promotion, and carry out health promotion activities that seek an upward spiral in PDCA activities.
With regard to the COVID-19 pandemic, we provide up-to-date information to the countermeasure task force and to employees as needed, and offer support including health checkup and interview recommendations for employees at particularly high risk of serious illness.
Annual Plan for the Promotion of Employee Health (FY2021)
For five consecutive years since FY2016, we have been recognized by the Health and Productivity Management
  Work Style Reform Action Plan
Summary (Plan period: 2018-2020)
Launching full-scale work style reform in 2018, Kumagai Gumi formulated the Work Style Reform Action Plan as an action plan with numerical targets.
In FY2020, employees taking five or more days of
Results of Work Style Reform Action Plan initiatives
annual paid leave increased from 62.9% in FY2018 to 100%, while the rate of male employees taking childcare leave increased from 4.9% in FY2018 to 34.3%. While work style reform has steadily taken root, the correction of overtime hours remains an issue that we continue to tackle.
dealing with harassment, and (5) a confirmation test. We also make prevention of harassment a mandatory item in managerial training.
Communication in personnel evaluations and execution of work
We conduct goal setting interviews at the beginning of the term, progress confirmation interviews at the mid- point of the term, self-evaluation confirmation interviews at the end of the term, and finally an interview on evaluation results, for a total of four interviews a year between employees and their superiors.
Employees are able to state their wishes regarding future workplace assignment and skill development to the Personnel Department in the form of a "Career Plan Declaration" via our in-house application system at any time, without going through superiors.
Organization Recognition Program ("White 500") of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange as a corporation that practices excellent health management. We intend to continue strengthening measures for the health of not only employees but all workers at Kumagai Gumi sites.
Initiatives for employees with higher risks
All employee health checkup results undergo careful checking by industrial physicians. For employees requiring follow-up, we provide continuous support along with recommendations for consultations and interviews. To prevent brain and cardiac disease and mental health disorders caused by overtime hours, we offer accumulated fatigue checklists for eligible employees and every month provide consultation with industrial physicians to persons who request it. In addition to this, we provide special follow-up through visits by industrial physicians, interviews with employees, and other measures to address workplaces in special environments, such as overseas or at disaster reconstruction sites.
Initiatives for mental health
In initiatives involving mental health, we carry out stress checks, employee training (self care and organizational care), and support for return to the workplace, among a wide range of activities that extend from primary to tertiary prevention.Three areas of reformNumerical targets and timing for their achievementInitiative resultsIndicatorsFY2018
FY2019
FY2020
Correction of overtime hours
Establish an upper limit on overtime work and undertake reduction of working hours
Limit overtime work through FY2018 to under 100 hours/monthPercentage of employees achieving target97.9%98.9%
99.4%
From FY2019 to FY2020, limit overtime work to 960 hours/year (average 80 hours/month)
Percentage of employees achieving target
96.6%
97.4%
98.5%Promotion of use of paid leave (annual)
Establish lower limits on the use of annual leave and targets for average use, and promote the use of annual leaveBy FY2018, raise days of use of annual leave to 5 or morePercentage of employees achieving target
62.9%
99.9%
100%By FY2020, use an average of 10 or more days of annual leaveAverage number of days taken6.7 days
8.2 days
9.2 days
Promotion of flexible work styles
Promote flexible work styles that allow a balance of work and lifestylesAim for 100% return to work after child-care leave (FY2018-FY2020)Rate of return100%96%100%Reduce to zero the number of persons resigning for reasons of balancing work with child-care or nursing care (FY2018 to FY2020)
Number resigning
3
1
0Increase the utilization rate of child-care leave by male employees to 10% by FY2020Utilization rate4.9%20.9%34.3% Future initiatives
Kumagai Gumi has endeavored to promote work style reform for improvement of productivity and operational efficiency, and to reform awareness. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in FY2020 we introduced telework and staggered work hours as emergency measures. We also introduced a telework system and a staggered commuting hours system as measures to prepare for emergencies and to achieve diverse work styles.
As part of our efforts to reform awareness, since FY2019 we have engaged in the Small Start Project to build up small reforms that will lead to individual motivation. As one such effort, in FY2021 we fully adopted office casual wear throughout the company and
connected this to comfortable working environments. We will continue reducing overtime work through means such as further reviewing business processes, during this important three-year period moving toward the imposition of overtime work limit regulations on the
construction industry in fiscal 2024.
Amid expectations for changes in working environments
and diversification of employees' senses of values, we will create environments and systems that enable flexible selection of work styles while meeting diversifying needs, and that draw out employees' willingness to contribute to the company.
 48
The Kumagai Gumi Group Corporate Report 2021 49