Kumagai Gumi has formulated purchasing management rules with the objectives of risk management, ensuring transparency in the selection of business partners, and consideration of the environment. In April 2021, we formulated our Procurement Policy and Procurement Policy Guidelines to further promote sound business activities. Our aim is to improve governance and compliance in our procurement activities, and to work with partner companies and business partners to increase added
value throughout the value chain.

In September 2020, Kumagai Gumi announced its Declaration of Partnership Building.
In our supply chain, we consider not only materials and equipment but also human resources, particularly in the partner companies who work with us on-site to complete construction, to be of extreme importance. In that sense, our partner companies are our most important partners in our supply chain. Seeking cooperation, coexistence, and co-prosperity with partner companies, we will work with partners to secure skilled workers and support their development, not only complying with the normalization of transactions but also promoting improvement in the treatment of skilled workers based on the Declaration of Abiding by Labor Cost Quotations advocated by the Japan Federation of Construction Contractors.

The Yuuei Kyoryoku Kai is an organization of 859 Kumagai Gumi partner companies (as of April 1, 2021). It engages in activities under a policy of Kumagai Gumi and Yuuei Kyoryoku Kai working together as close partners to take action in all areas of QCDSE and to promote the creation of positive workplace environments.
Activities in FY2020
Under the COVID-19 pandemic, Yuuei Kyoryoku Kai continued taking contagion prevention into consideration in its activities, through new initiatives such as conducting branch hearings remotely.
The association conducted a questionnaire study aimed at securing and training leaders, an urgent issue within the construction industry, and undertook measures to improve the working environment of skilled construction workers. It also created a "Workers' Basic Education, Pocket Edition" and safety posters in Japanese, English, Chinese, Vietnamese, and Indonesian, as part of its consideration for positive working conditions and safety for foreigners in the workplace.
FY2021 activities
The association held best-practice presentations on the themes of quality assurance and productivity improvement. It plans to evolve and revitalize these into presentations that are more focused than ever on best practices on-site and in branch activities.