Governance
Risk Management
Fundamental concepts of compliance
In order for Kumagai Gumi to continue earning the appreciation and trust of customers and society, we believe that all of our officers and employees must take responsibility for their daily actions, comply with laws, social sensibilities, and corporate ethics, and maintain an awareness of compliance.
Compliance system
Kumagai Gumi's compliance system consists primarily of three internal functions: Autonomous functions by Headquarters and branch offices, support functions by the Administration Division and other specialized divisions, and auditing functions by the Audit Office (refer to figure below).
In addition, the Legal Compliance Audit Committee, an organization independent of management, periodically carries out evaluations of the company from an outsider's point of view and advises management of any problems uncovered, in order to strengthen the enforcement of compliance.
Legal Compliance Audit Committee
The Legal Compliance Audit Committee is composed of internal company committee members as well as outside committee members who include attorneys and other experts. It convenes every year.
Compliance training and compliance reinforcement month
To improve basic understanding of compliance, from October 2020 through February 2021 our company conducted an internal training program on topics including antitrust law, bribery, and corruption, targeting employees of Kumagai Gumi as well as group companies, from a perspective of strengthening the group's compliance structure.
In addition, we have designated October of every year as a compliance reinforcement month.
Internal whistleblower system
The Kumagai Gumi Group has set up a hotline for quickly assessing, correcting, and preventing problems involving compliance. We are working to root out compliance violations by accepting a wide range of whistleblower reports, including from our employees, group company employees, and partner businesses. We have also introduced an in-house leniency program (measures reducing penalties for whistleblowers) to encourage use of the voluntary whistleblower system.
Internal whistleblower system
Means of whistleblowing
E-mail/ Telephone
Verbal/ Telephone FAX/Postal mail E-mail
* Anonymity possible
System for prevention of collusion and prevention of bribery, etc.
Kumagai Gumi's Compliance Rules of Conduct stipulate that, in the receipt of orders for construction work, acts that violate criminal law, antitrust law, or other law, or that impair fairness and impartiality in bidding, are prohibited. Through means including training and the collection of pledges, we ensure that employees are not involved in violations, and have built a structure to prevent the occurrence of violations through an internal reporting system.
Prevention of insider trading
The Kumagai Gumi Group complies with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and related laws and regulations, and has established Internal Regulations on the Prevention of Insider Trading to enhance the effectiveness of compliance. Based on these regulations, we have established an Insider Information Management Committee to perform information management across the company.
Setting of Tax Policy
In March 2020, the Kumagai Gumi Group clarified its existing initiative direction concerning tax affairs to create the Kumagai Gumi Group Tax Policy, with the aim of further improving corporate governance and compliance regarding tax affairs and fostering proper awareness of taxation payment matters among executives and staff members.
Status of legal suits and violations of laws
As of the end of March 2021, our company is involved in five civil cases in Japan.
In FY2020, no serious legal violations (including administrative sanctions, administrative measures, etc.) occurred that involved measures such as suspension of designated bidding at a national level.
Information security
Kumagai Gumi established its Information Security Policy in 2007, and takes concrete measures to protect
information assets from unauthorized access, leakage, falsification, loss, disaster, and other threats. We have also appointed an Information Security Officer and established an Information Security Committee.
Protection of Private Information
Kumagai Gumi has established fundamental rules and regulations, such as the Basic Principle, the Privacy Policy, and the Private Information Protection Regulations, and engages in initiatives to properly handle and protect the private information of all
stakeholders, including shareholders and employees.
Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
In the event of a major disaster, Kumagai Gumi will make every effort to achieve rapid recovery of sites under construction and the restoration of infrastructure, and to respond to requests for restoration aid from customers and local residents. We have formulated a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) as a basic policy for contributing to prevention of secondary accidents, restoration of urban functions, safety of local residents, and recovery of the private economy.
Operation of the Safety Confirmation Communication System
In preparing support systems based on business continuity plans, confirmation of the safety of employees is the most important matter. We operate a system that allows confirmation of safety status, extending even to group companies and partner companies, and the Kumagai Gumi Group has established systems to support quick recovery.
Measures to the COVID-19 pandemic
Kumagai Gumi has set up a COVID-19 task force headed by the President, to carry out swift decision-making and execution of measures. From the perspective of ensuring the health and safety of employees, their families, and people in cooperating companies, we provide employees with guidelines for dealing with COVID-19 pandemic (infection countermeasures, restrictions on activities, business continuity, etc.). In accordance with the state of the pandemic and government policy, we are continuing with business through the promotion of telework and staggered commuting, guidance for partner companies, and contagion control measures.
      WhistleblowersKumagai Gumi and group companies
Full-time employees
Contract employees
Advisors
Senior employees
Part-time employees
Temporary employees
etc.Partner firms   Compliance System
●Implementation of factual investigation ●Examination of recurrence prevention
measures
●Enactment of appropriate measures
  Advise
Management
Instruct
Auditing and corrective advising measures
Audit findings
Reporting on investigation findings and response (except where anonymous)
System to eradicate anti-social forces
In the Kumagai Gumi Code of Conduct, our company declares that we take a firm stance against anti-social forces. We have established a program for dealing with anti-social forces, and educate our employees on specific ways of eliminating such forces. Instruct
Systems improvement and legal support
    Initiatives for legal compliance
 Submission of written pledge from all employees
To raise all employees' awareness in enforcing compliance with laws and ordinances, every year executives and staff members of Kumagai Gumi Group submit a written pledge concerning compliance (100%
 58 submission rate).
The Kumagai Gumi Group Corporate Report 2021 59