Value creation initiatives
Diverse Human Resources Fundamental concepts of human resources
We recognize that there are concerns over a declining workforce in the construction industry, and that securing human resources will become more difficult. Under these circumstances, Kumagai Gumi is actively undertaking the preparation of environments and systems that allow diverse human resources to perform their capabilities to the maximum. We are working to promote active participation by women, the employment of persons with disabilities, and reemployment after retirement to improve our employment environment and make it a foundation that supports management.
Related information P13 Number of employees Number of female managers About recruitment
Kumagai Gumi works to resolve the advancing age of employees and imbalances among generations, and engages in recruitment activities with an awareness of diversity.
Based on information including future business performance trends, we formulate recruitment plans that take into consideration employees' total number, job types, age distribution, and other factors 5 and 10 years ahead, and engage in hiring of new graduates and mid-career employees.
In fiscal 2019, we set up a job return system. We are creating an environment by which retired employees who meet certain conditions can join the company again, to make use of experience gained at other companies.
Workplaces where women can play active roles
From December 2015, we increased our hiring of women and formulated and enacted an action plan to improve the workplace environment, in line with the Act on Promotion of Women's Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.
Status of employment of persons with disabilities
As a new initiative for the employment of persons with disabilities, we offered workplace training for students from special support education schools. We included site tours in the training so the students could gain familiarity with the construction industry. Accepting trainees in multiple departments also helped change the mindsets of employees.
Achievements of the Action Plan for Promotion of Participation by Women Kumagai Gumi only
(Period of formulation: January 2021 to December 2022)
Status of reemployment after retirement
We operate employment-related systems under the premise of employment until the statutory retirement age of 65, and contribute to the expansion of reemployment of retirees who wish to continue working. For Kumagai Gumi, the technical and sales capabilities of retirees constitute valuable assets that we hope to pass down to the next generation without interruption.
To energize employees and organizations alike, we are enhancing employee benefits to create comfortable work environments. As of April 2021, 353 retirees are working in the company.
Employment rate of persons with disabilities  Number of employees and average age/years of service Kumagai Gumi alone
Kumagai Gumi only 2.50 %
Statutory employment rate: 2.30%
(from March 1, 2021)
2.14Action planPerformance at the end of FY2020Increase in the percentage of women among new graduate hires to 25% or more24.4%Increase in the number of female managers by 10% from the current level (54 as of April 2020)
5870% or higher rate of acquisition of childbirth-related leave by men74.3%FY2016FY2017FY2018FY2019FY2020Number of employees
(persons)
2,305
2,382
2,497
2,578
2,620Average age(years)45.245.244.944.544.4Average years of service(years)
20.720.519.919.519.5  As a diversity company
Kumagai Gumi recognizes the diversity of its employees and promotes diversity by creating environments that let employees exert their capabilities to the maximum, which leads to increased corporate value and growth of the company.
Promotion structure
The Diversity Promotion Group and the Work Style Reform Promotion Office of the Human Resources and General Affairs Department were integrated in 2021 to establish the Diversity Promotion Department. This action is aimed at deepening diversity and strengthening our competitiveness.
We established a Diversity Promotion Committee, composed of General Managers of divisions and chaired
Related information P48 Promotion of work style reform by the President, and a Work Style Reform Working
Group, in which representatives of divisions examine specific systems and measures suited to Kumagai Gumi. Through these, we are promoting diversity and work style reforms horizontally across the company.
Diversity Promotion Committee
Promotion of diversity
Main initiatives in fiscal 2020 and evaluation by society
2.00 2.22 2.00
1.50
2.12
2.09
June June 2017 2018
June June June 2019 2020 2021
 2020OctoberJoined the IkuBoss Enterprise Alliance operated by the NPO Fathering Japan, aimed at creating environments where diverse human resources can work comfortably and fostering bosses who support team members in achieving work-life balance.Held a roundtable discussion by male employees who have taken childcare leave, to promote leave- taking
NovemberReceived Bronze rating in the PRIDE Index that evaluates companies' LGBTQ efforts, in recognition of efforts including establishment of an LGBTQ consultation desk and conducting of awareness surveys.2021
February
Obtained the third level of Eruboshi, a certification from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare related to the promotion of active participation by women.March
Selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry for inclusion among the fiscal 2020 New Diversity Management Selection 100, which showcases advanced efforts of companies that connect diversity promotion to management results. 34
The Kumagai Gumi Group Corporate Report 2021 35
Value creation initiatives
Value creation initiatives
Diverse Human Resources
Development of human resources
Aiming to develop human resources under the idea of "Enrich the self, create the future, and support people," Kumagai Gumi undertakes a variety of initiatives. In April 2019, we formulated the Human Resources Development Plan that sets our directions in this area.
Our corporate philosophy structure and vision for human resources
Conceptual structure of Kumagai Gumi
Training engineers with a commitment to quality  Job rotationOur company performs job rotation to let employees acquire wide-ranging knowledge and ways of thinking through experience in different work duties at multiple workplaces.OJT
Through daily work, superiors and senior employees guide and train subordinates and junior employees by consciously, systematically, methodically, and continuously providing the knowledge, skills, and attitudes necessary for executing work duties.Group trainingWe conduct planned education drills and training to complement OJT, drive self-development, and provide expert knowledge.Support
for self- developmentWe encourage the acquisition of official qualifications such as Professional Engineer and 1st-Class Architect, conduct supplementary lectures and mock examinations, and support and promote self-development that leads to employees’ skill advancement.Insight, Onsite, Farsight
We believe that the highest quality is achieved through an integration of quality assurance systems, human resources who are committed to quality, and effective processes. Kumagai Gumi continuously develops human resources based on its human resource
Employee training
We conduct two-month practical training for construction drawing, with dormitory stays, for employees in their third to twelfth years in construction divisions. To improve our quality control capabilities, we hold construction technology training workshops for learning about quality control in frame work and equipment/ electrical workshops for learning about equipment and electrical work.
Training for partner companies
The Yuuei Kyoryoku Kai association conducts various types of training with the aim of improving capabilities related to QCDSE (Quality, Cost, Delivery, Safety, and Environment).
development system, and enhances quality in every process through the steps of planning (Plan), execution (Do), confirmation/inspection (Check), and review/ improvement (Act) under our quality assurance system.
OFFJT education (Building construction staff)
In order to learn about operation methods able to express on-site conditions matched to processes, we conduct group education on basic operations of ARCHICAD and Smart CON Planer for building construction staff at least twice a year at each branch, using real equipment.
Technology presentation
To share information on ever-evolving building construction and civil engineering technologies and make full use of these in our everyday work, we hold presentation meets to broadcast technologies we have developed and new technologies introduced at workplaces company-wide.
The Kumagai Gumi Group Corporate Report 2021 37