In the conduct of its business, the Kumagai Gumi Group prioritizes respect for human life and maintains high health and safety management standards to prevent labor accidents, improve health, and create comfortable working environments. We comply with social norms, laws, our internal standards, and other rules, and have established a Safety and Health Management System which we operate with high effectiveness.
Sharing of safety and health information and prevention of the recurrence of accidents and incidents
To enforce the sharing of safety and health information and prevention of the recurrence of accidents and incidents, we introduced the Safety Portal System in April 2021 and worked to accumulate and centralize data.
We will also create a database of the results of daily safety and health patrols, and will develop a system for drafting workplace Safety and Health Control Plans.
Safety education for employees
We established educational guidelines to improve the labor/occupational health and safety management capabilities of our employees, and conduct occupational health and safety education and systems education at Headquarters and branches. While we were unable to conduct our usual group education in fiscal 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we refined and carried out online education and e-learning. The possibilities have expanded for new teaching methods that are effective and efficient.

Since receiving the first company-wide certification under the Construction Occupational Health and Safety Management System (COHSMS) program in 2008, Kumagai Gumi has maintained its system while renewing certification, and works to prevent labor and construction accidents.
Initiatives concerning foreign workers
Many foreign workers are active in the construction industry, and labor accidents involving these workers have increased accordingly. We have translated our Workers' Basic Education booklet into foreign languages to provide basic safety and health knowledge and are supporting education for business operators. We are aiming to create safe and secure workplace environments for foreign workers by means including creating foreign language versions of the materials for occupational health and safety education performed when entering work sites, to promote understanding of workplace rules.
Initiatives for safe work by elderly persons
We are strengthening initiatives to protect seniors, including placement of "thoughtfulness stickers" that encourage surrounding workers to warm to elderly persons, visualization of fall prevention measures, setting of age limits and permission systems for work that involves a risk of falls, and awareness education that encourages elderly persons to make use of their abundant experience while instilling self-awareness of physical weakening.
Through such efforts, in recent years we have reduced accidents involving elderly persons, which had been on the rise.