Kumagai Gumi believes that complying with social norms, laws, our internal standards, and other rules, establishing management systems and operating with high efficacy to respond to changes in the business environment, and working to improve the capabilities of employees, specialty constructors, and other parties through education and training, are important elements in quality assurance.
The Quality and Environment Committee, chaired by an Overall Quality and Environment Control Manager appointed by the President, and the Quality and Environmental Expert Subcommittees under it, examine quality issues and environmental issues. We regularly check the status of progress toward targets, conduct system audits, and constantly check and improve the effectiveness of our management systems.

With the integration of management and the environment, the formation of environmentally considerate businesses, the establishment of group-wide environmental management systems, and the strengthening of risk management against environmental accidents as our fundamental concepts of ESG Initiative Direction Safety and Health, Quality and Environment Policy Biodiversity Initiative Direction
Environmental target setting Annual plan
environmental management, the Kumagai Gumi Group engages in efforts to solve social and environmental issues and achieve a sustainable society through our business activities.

As an "Eco First" company, Kumagai Gumi has engaged since 2010 in initiatives aimed at the achievement of a sustainable society. In February 2021, we joined the RE100 initiative aimed at shifting all electricity used in business activities to renewable energy, and made a major change in our direction toward decarbonization.
Moreover, after reviewing and resetting our medium- to long-term targets for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, in the same month we obtained certification for the Science Based Targets (SBT) international framework aimed at the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
To achieve the targets, we will further accelerate decarbonization in our business activities through means including the promotion of Net Zero Energy Buildings (ZEB) that contribute to significant energy conservation in buildings, while further reducing fossil fuel usage in heavy machinery and vehicles and actively adopting renewable energy.
Compliance with environmental conservation laws
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic in FY2020, we undertook the following initiatives to prevent violations of environmental laws and regulations, and strove to comply with environmental laws and regulations.
1. Education on environmental laws and regulations in intensive employee education at Headquarters, by the Headquarters manager in charge of environmental regulations (5 times)
2. Education for branch managers, etc. (2 times)
3. Implementation of e-learning concerning proper treatment of
construction waste
(Construction-related staff)
* In FY2020, no fines or penalties were levied due to
legal violations, and no suits were filed.
Environmental incidents
No environmental incidents occurred in FY2020.