           Annual Report 2018
 ABOUT US
The SBI Group is an Internet financial services pioneer founded in Japan, in 1999. By 2016, it established the world’s first Inter- net-based financial ecosystem to undertake a broad range of financial services, including securities, banking and insurance. The Financial Services Business, the Asset Management Busi- ness and the Biotechnology-related Business are the three core businesses of the SBI Group. The Asset Management Business primarily involves the overseas financial services businesses, and the investment in and incubation of startup companies. The globally expanding Biotechnology-related Business is focused on the R&D, manufacturing and distribution of pharmaceuticals, health foods and cosmetics. We are moving into a new dimen- sion by organically blending these businesses with the rapidly expanding digital asset-related business, and creating synergies that cannot be achieved by companies with a single-minded approach.
Editing Guidelines
This Annual Report is one of our communication tools with our shareholders and investors. It is published with the goal of fostering a comprehensive understanding of the corporate value created by the SBI Group. We will thus introduce you to the initiatives of the SBI Group, and explain them from both a financial and non-financial point of view.
Forward-looking Statements
This annual report includes statements concerning the current plans, strategies and projections of the future performance of SBI Holdings, Inc. (“SBI Holdings”), and its subsidiaries and affiliates. These statements have been prepared based on information available at the time of publication in compliance with SBI Holdings’ management policies, and on certain assumptions deemed reasonable by SBI Holdings. Hence, actual results may differ, in some cases significantly, from these forward-looking statements contained herein due to changes in various factors, including but not limited to economic conditions in principal markets, service demand trends and currency exchange rate fluctuations. Further, statements contained herein should not be construed to encompass tax, legal, or financial advice, and should not be considered to be solicitations to invest in SBI Holdings.
Annual Report 2018
Contents
The SBI Group’s Management Strategy
08 CEO Message
16 Feature 1: CFO Message
18 Feature 2: A Dialogue
(Blockchain will Pave the Way to the Future)
20 Feature 3: The Future Path Paved by Human Resources
Review of Operations by Business Segment
22 At a Glance
24 SBI Group’s KPI
26 Financial Services Business
28 Asset Management Business 30 Biotechnology-related Business
ESG Information
32 Board of Directors and Statutory Auditors 34 Corporate Governance
39 Human Resource Management
40 Relationship with Society
Financial & Corporate Information
42 Consolidated Financial Highlights 6-year Summary 44 Fact Sheet
50 Management Discussion and Analysis
51 Risk Factors
56 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group
98 The SBI Group (Principal Group Companies) 100 Corporate Data
101 Corporate History
102 Books by Yoshitaka Kitao, Representative Director, President & CEO
   
                                                The Origin of the SBI Group
Since our founding, it has been our constant desire to capture current trends to create innova- tive businesses that benefit people and society. At the same time, a company is a constituent of so- ciety and exists only because it belongs to soci- ety, and in adherence with this concept, we have sought to contribute to the maintenance and de- velopment of society.
Sound Ethical Values
We shall undertake judgments on actions based not only on whether they conform to the law or profit the Company, but also whether they are socially equitable.
We also think that a company has a “corporate virtue,” just as a person has a “human virtue.” Just as a virtuous person receives respect from the people around them, a company wins respect from society by heightening its virtue.
Furthermore, within our corporate culture, there are four strands of DNA that we believe should be inherited. They are, to “Continuously maintain the entrepreneurial spirit,” by continu- ally taking on new challenges without fear of failure, “Emphasize speed,” to always be quick to decide and act, “Facilitate innovation,” by demonstrating a creative spirit that will not be unnecessarily attached to past successful ex- periences, and “Continuous self-evolution,” which sensitively detects and flexibly adapts to environmental changes.
By establishing and inheriting corporate cul- ture based on these four strands of DNA, we be- lieve in the sustainability of a strong corporate group that will continue to grow without pause.
Financial Innovator
We will transcend traditional methods, and bring financial innovations to the forefront of the financial industry, by utiliz- ing opportunities provided by the power- ful price-cutting forces of the Internet, and providing financial services that fur- ther enhance benefits for customers.
New Industry Creator
We will endeavor to become the leader in creating and cultivating the core indus- tries of the 21st century.
   Fulfill Social Responsibility
We will ensure that each company in the SBI Group recognizes its social responsi- bilities as a member of society, while fulfill- ing the demands of its stakeholders, and contributing to the betterment of society.
FIVE CORPORATE MISSIONS
 Continual Self-Evolution
We will continue to be a company that evolves of its own volition, by forming an organization that flexibly adapts to changes in the operating environment, and incorporates corporate “Ingenuity” and “Self-transformation” as part of its organizational DNA.
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 01

                                                           A Point to a Line, a Line to a Plane
Since its founding, the SBI Group has driven the development of Inter- net finance in Japan, primarily through the securities business. Concur- rently, we have also been involved in the investment in and incubation of startup companies, with investments focused in the Asia region and on growth fields of the 21st century, including IT and biotechnology. Today, the three core businesses are the Financial Services Business, the Asset Management Business, which includes venture investments and the overseas financial services business, and the Biotechnology-re- lated Business, which has become an independent and major business segment. We continue to evolve our solid business foundation to a higher level, while creating synergies among the core businesses.
September 2007
Start of operations of SBI Sumishin Net Bank, a pure-play Internet bank. As a result of a seam- less service alliance with SBI SECURITIES, SBI Sumishin Net Bank experienced a significant customer inflow from SBI SECURITIES’ cus- tomer base, which resulted in a rapid customer base expansion at the bank. Although a late comer to the business, SBI Sumishin Net Bank has grown to be No.1 in deposit balance among domestic pure-play Internet banks.
    October 1999
SBI SECURITIES* starts Internet trading. As a pioneer in the full-ser- vice online securities business in Japan, rode the trend of bringing the Internet to the financial sector, and established itself as the No.1 company in the domestic retail business.
*Formerly E*TRADE SECURITIES
July 2000
Established the SOFTBANK INTERNET TECHNOLOGY FUND, a venture capital fund capitalized at ¥150.5 billion, which was the largest fund of its kind in Japan at that time. Endeavoring to become a “New Industry Creator” as stated in the corporate mission, we focused our investments in the Internet field, a growth field of the 21st century.
promising startup companies, and established a global network by leveraging advanced know-how and expertise related to biotech- nology that was accumulated within the Group.
January 2007
Through SBI Biotech, a drug discovery bio-venture, we entered the biotechnology field on an operating basis. Upon encounter- ing 5-Aminolevulinic Acid (5-ALA) while operat- ing the Biotechnology-related Business, and taking note of its properties and potential, in April 2008, we established SBI Pharmaceuticals to conduct R&D and the manufacturing of products containing 5-ALA.
    02
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
   September 2003
Established a fund focused on in- vesting in the biotechnology field, where significant growth was ex- pected. Through this fund, we have supported R&D activities at
May 2005
Together with the Temasek Group, an invest- ment company in Singapore, we established the New Horizon Fund that targets investments in promising Chinese companies. Starting with this fund, we established a global investment frame- work, by establishing a multiple number of funds in cooperation with major local partners. These funds focused on newly developing countries with high latent growth potential, and were es- tablished to achieve higher growth through a di- versification of Group risk.
  
 February 2016
which became a consolidated subsidiary in Feb- ruary 2015, resumed the new underwriting of insurance. As a result, we are now engaged in all of the major financial services, with a primary focus on securities, banking and insurance, and have completed the “financial ecosystem,” a goal that we had sought to establish since our founding. In March 2017, we consolidated all of the insurance businesses within the Group under the auspices of SBI Insurance Group, which is currently preparing for an IPO.
*Formerly PCA LIFE Insurance
December 2015
  FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS
Establish a financial conglomerate structure utilizing the Internet as its primary channel, which is unprecedented in the world
 March 2013
 ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS
Promoting global business development focused on Asia
 April 2012
SBI ALApromo was establish for the domestic sales of health foods and cosmetics containing 5-ALA. The company achieved its first full-year of profitability in FY2017, upon expanding sales of foods with functional claims. The company is a subsidiary that currently con- ducts 5-ALA-related business, under the auspices of SBI ALApharma, an intermediate holding company founded in Hong Kong. In addition to its global business expansion, SBI ALApharma is now preparing for an IPO.
 BIOTECHNOLOGY- RELATED BUSINESS
Developing new revenue sources that are less affected by the vagaries of the financial markets
     Achievements in 19 Years
Since its Establishment
Since our founding in 1999, the SBI Group has been executing its management strategy in light of changes in the business environment, and has endeavored to expand its business and improve profitability. As a result of these efforts, the cus- tomer base as of March 31, 2018, has expanded to 23.47 million, and the number of companies invested in by the Group, both domestically and abroad, totaled 1,360, boasting a significant exit ratio performance of 16.8%. Additionally, we have successfully launched and/or licensed a total of five pipeline candidates in the 5-ALA-related business.
 Following the start of the business at SBI Insur- ance in January 2008, SBI Life Insurance*,
   SBI SAVINGS BANK* of South Korea, which was one of our venture investments since 2002, was converted into a consolidated subsidiary. As a result of accumulating per- forming loans through the leveraging of the SBI Group’s expertise in the financial indus- try and online business development, the SBI SAVINGS BANK is now a revenue pillar in the Asset Management Business.
*Formerly Hyundai Swiss Savings Bank
At the advent of the FinTech era, ahead of other companies, we established the FinTech Fund, which focuses investments in promis- ing startup companies that possess elemen- tal technology in this field, both in Japan and abroad. In addition to investing in these com- panies, by promptly adopting the innovative technology and services of our investee companies, each financial services company within the SBI Group will endeavor to estab- lish a competitive edge.
 SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 03

                                                                                                                                            Assimilating Current Trends to Pursue
Further Evolution and Progress
New technologies, such as AI and blockchain, will revolutionize the next generation of finance. Currently, various industries outside of finance are also in a technologically transitional stage, so the SBI Group will leverage its previously cultivated management resources to explore future possibilities, which will allow for its sustained continued growth.
                                  MOBILE
Accelerating the Shift to Mobile
In the emerging markets of Asia and Africa, where the adoption of mobile devices such as smartphones has been spreading rapidly, we are faced with new challenges such as offering useful financial services exclusively for mobile devices. Also, in each SBI Group business, customers using their services through mobile devices are on the rise, and we are thus actively engaged in providing con- venient services for mobile devices. The adoption of mobile devices, both in Japan and abroad, presents a promising growth opportunity for the SBI Group, which has developed businesses such as the Financial Services Business, based on the Internet. Regardless of whether it is domestically or abroad, we will now offer our existing services in securities, banking and insurance on mobile devices, and will expand our mobile offerings to create ser- vices with high customer satisfaction.
  04
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

                                                                                                                                                           Enhancing Our Competitive Advantage
by Utilizing Synergy Effects
The SBI Group has established a “business ecosystem,” upon its founding, to realize synergy effects and mutual evolution that cannot be attained by a sin- gle-minded company. Consequently, based on this business ecosystem, syner- gies that span segments, as well as those within a segment, are being realized. For example, in FinTech, while investing in startup companies, we are also uti- lizing their technology and know-how within the Group’s financial services businesses. Also, by utilizing the expertise cultivated in the core Financial Ser- vices Business, we are achieving a solid investment track record in the venture capital business. The SBI Group will leverage the synergy effects among these businesses, to proactively exploit its formidable competitive advantages.
                                                                   AI & BLOCKCHAIN
Actively Utilizing Next Generation Core Technologies, Including AI and Blockchain
Today, we are making rapid advances in the introduction of new technologies such as AI, blockchain and distributed ledger tech- nology (DLT). However, outside of the financial sector, new ser- vices that use AI are being offered in a broad range of fields. Also, blockchain is finding uses in real estate, music and medi- cine. Owing to the trends, we forecast that rapid market expan- sion will occur in the AI and blockchain fields over the next five to ten years. Therefore, the SBI Group will accelerate venture investments in new technologies that are focused on AI and blockchain, as well as areas that have high affinity, such as IoT, healthcare, shared economy and robotics. We will also promote the adoption of leading-edge technologies held by the investee company portfolio by the Group companies.
DIGITAL ASSET
Contributing to the Sound Development of a Digital Asset Market
While there is an expectation for a wide range of uses for digital assets such as cryptocurrencies, along with the recent rise in speculative demand, the scale of the trading market has expanded, and there is a general upsurge in the formation of cryptocurrency exchanges. Owing to the immaturity of the current market, the offering of safe and secure services is being demanded, through a flawless system construction and security measures. In this context, in June 2018, the SBI Group started a cryptocurrency exchange that implements the “Customer-centric Principle.”
Moreover, in order to establish a healthy market, along with global partners, we are offering new trad- ing opportunities to institutional investors in the form of mechanisms that stabilize volatility, and at the same time, initiatives that will address the expansion of actual demand for money transfers, settlements, payments, etc., are being implemented. To capitalize on the benefits of digital assets, we plan to create a business that pursues fairness and convenience that is not found in existing financial services.
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 05

Snapshot of the SBI Group
Consolidated Financial Highlights (IFRSs)
Revenue*1
(Billions of yen)
400
300
200
100
Profit before income tax expense
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company
   (Billions of yen)
80
60
40
20
71.8
(Billions of yen)
50 40 30 20 10
45.7
21.4
46.7
         337.0
63.1
              232.8
43.1
245.0 261.7 261.9
52.2
34.1 32.5
       38.9
                     000
  2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company (EPS)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Substantive ratio of equity attributable to owners of the Company to total assets*2
Equity per share attributable to owners of the Company (BPS)
   (Yen)
250 200 150 100
(Yen)
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
1,937.72
1,856.47 1,792.08
1,771.19
1,504.19
(%)
          211.18
160.83 159.38
220.54
30 25 20 15 10
    22.2 22.2 21.7
            18.3
16.7
              99.04
       50 000
   5
         2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Financial Services Business*3
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Asset Management Business*3
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Biotechnology-related Business
   Revenue*1 (Billions of yen)
Profit before income tax expense
Revenue*1 (Billions of yen)
Profit before income tax expense
Revenue*1 (Billions of yen)
Profit before income tax expense
250 200 150 100
120
90
60
30
117.6
56.5
6 4 2 0
-5 -10
5.5
          217.3 179.9
63.9
98.7
18.0
4.0
4.2
     2.2
2.2
           147.8
162.6
159.0
72.7
77.4
13.9
  65.8
            (2.4)
       67.3
△(7.3)
△(6.6)
50.5 00
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
   50
37.3
48.9
△(9.6)
      9.0
8.1
△(37.3) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
   06
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
*1 *2 *3
Beginning with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the income categories “Operating revenue” and “Other financial income” have been eliminated, and the amounts have been combined and presented as “Revenue.” Figures for the years ended March 31, 2014 to March 31, 2015 are “Operating revenue.”
Represents the substantive equity ratio, calculated by subtracting customer asset accounts (that is, asset accounts for margin transaction assets, cash segregated as deposits, etc.) and liability accounts (margin transaction liabilities, guarantee deposits received, and deposits from customers, etc.) held by the Company’s subsidiary SBI SECURITIES.
Certain subsidiaries, including BroadBand Security, which were included in the Asset Management Business until the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, are now included in the Financial Services Business from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. Consequently, segment information for the year ended March 31, 2017 has been restated in accordance with the new basis of segmentation. Also, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014 to 2016, whereas there are Group companies that were transferred from one segment to another, the abovementioned figures reflect disclosed figures for each fiscal year, so there may be some discrepancies.
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018

Non-financial Highlights
  Countries and regions with overseas offices
21countries and regions
(As of March 31, 2018)
The SBI Group has established over- seas offices, primarily in the growth markets of emerging countries in Asia, and is pursuing global business expan- sion in various fields.
   Number of Group companies
230companies
(As of March 31, 2018)
The SBI Group consists of 230 compa- nies, of which 197 are consolidated subsidiaries, and 33 are equity method associates.
   Number of Group employees
5,391persons
(As of March 31, 2018)
The SBI Group has grown from 55 persons at establishment to 5,391 persons, owing to dramatic business development.
   The Group’s customer base
23.47million
(As of March 31, 2018)
SBI SECURITIES, SBI Sumishin Net Bank, SBI Insurance and others con- tinue to steadily increase the number of customers, and the Group customer base continues to expand.
   Number of Group companies that have made initial public offerings
12 companies
(As of March 31, 2018)
Currently, the Company is promoting initial public offering of Group compa- nies to actualize the Company’s intrinsic corporate value.
   Institutional investor ratio in shareholder composition
75.4 %
(As of March 31, 2018)
The ownership ratio of domestic and foreign institutional investors is rising, and foreign ownership alone accounts for a high 47.9% of all shareholders.
   Ratio of female managers
22.8 %
(As of March 31, 2018)
The SBI Group continues to stress diversity in employment. The current ratio of the company’s female managers is 22.8%.
   Number and percentage of Independent Outside Executives
5persons/ 23.8%
(As of June 30, 2018)
SBI Holdings has appointed five Inde- pendent Outside Executives, accounting for 23.8% of total of 21 Directors and Statutory Auditors.
   Cumulative donations made by the SBI Children’s Hope Foundation
Approx.
¥1,010
(As of March 31, 2018)
Through the SBI Children’s Hope Foun- dation, the SBI Group actively pursues solutions to child welfare problems for the sake of children. The Foundation has made cumulative donations of approximately ¥1,010 million, to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
million
 SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 07

                         CEO Message
 Through the Continual Process of Self-evolution,
We will Rapidly Move Forward into a New Phase of Growth
                     08
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
Yoshitaka Kitao
Representative Director, President & CEO
The focus of the SBI Group since its founding has been the establishment of an Inter- net-based financial ecosystem with securities, banking and insurance as the three core financial business domains. As we completed the establishment of the ecosystem, synergies and mutual evolution among our business segments were reflected in our results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (FY2017), where both consolidated revenue and profits reached historical highs since the adoption of IFRSs in FY2012.
The creation of FinTech, through the convergence of the Internet and financial ser- vices has been a focus for the SBI Group since its founding, as we have achieved growth by aggressively utilizing new technologies. Today, we are on the threshold of a new phase of growth driven by the emergence of leading-edge technologies, such as AI, blockchain, distributed ledger technology (DLT), big data, IoT and robotics. In step with the evolution of these technologies, we will work toward sustained business expansion and social transformation, through the three processes of investing in prom- ising venture companies, the adoption of new technologies by the SBI Group and the diffusion of technologies across multiple industries.

Past Challenges
 Establishing an Unique Business Ecosystem, through the Convergence of the Internet and Finance
Since its founding in 1999, the SBI Group has focused on the high affinity between financial services and the rapid spread of the Internet, and through the utilization of IT, we have created a new level business model. Our goal from the outset was to establish a financial ecosystem 1 . Beginning with the online securities business, we progressively expanded into banking and non-life insur- ance, and completed our ecosystem in 2016 with the start of the life insurance business operations. We have continued to expand our customer base by always prioritizing the interests of our customers under the “Cus- tomer-centric Principle,” and by working toward the further evolution and deepening of our ecosystem through the pursuit of syn- ergies among business segments and com- panies within the SBI Group.
A stream of next-generation technologies is now being developed, including AI, block- chain, big data, IoT and robotics. This envi- ronment offers excellent opportunities for a new phase of growth and success for the SBI Group, which has achieved continual growth by pioneering the use of new tech- nologies. We have declared our intention to migrate to FinTech 2.0 2 , and having com- pleted the establishment of our Inter- net-based financial ecosystem, we have now started to channel resources into the utiliza- tion of next-generation technologies. As a part of this transition, we established the Fin- Tech Fund in December 2015. The creation of this fund, with total investment commit- ments of ¥30 billion, marked the start of our efforts to discover and incubate FinTech-re- lated companies. By the end of July 2018, the SBI Group had committed to invest a total of ¥40.5 billion, including approximately ¥24 billion from the FinTech Fund, and about ¥16.5 billion from SBI Holdings and other companies, in 67 FinTech startup companies. As more and more of these FinTech startups reach the IPO stage, we anticipate major contributions to the augmentation of our financial performance.
Our investments in these FinTech startup companies will contribute to our financial results through valuation gains resulting from improvements in the value of investees, and through gains on sales, including IPOs and M&A activities. In addition to such direct contributions to our performance, we will also enhance our competitiveness by apply- ing leading-edge technologies developed by these companies to the SBI Group’s financial businesses, resulting in the expansion of ser- vices and efficiency improvements. These activities will lead to a contribution to the earnings of our investee companies, thereby leading to an increase in the investment prof- its of the SBI Group. Such benefits are already steadily materializing in the securities, banking and insurance businesses.
We also advanced initiatives to follow-up the FinTech Fund, and in January 2018 estab- lished the SBI AI&Blockchain Fund. AI and blockchain are highly promising technologies for use not only in the financial sector, but also in a wide range of other industries. We launched the Fund initially with ¥20 billion in investment commitments, but this was ulti- mately increased to ¥60 billion. We have already decided to invest around ¥8.7 billion in 22 companies from the SBI AI&Blockchain Fund, and when investments by SBI Holdings are included, the total comes to approximately ¥13.0 billion as of the end of July 2018.
Biotechnology is one of the core indus- tries of the 21st century, and the Biotechnol- ogy-related Business will be a key driver for the growth of the SBI Group over the medium- to long-term future. Quark Pharma- ceuticals, a U.S. subsidiary of the SBI Group, has three products in its drug discovery pipeline that have reached Phase III, and the company is now preparing for an IPO on the U.S. NASDAQ Market. In Hong Kong, SBI ALApharma and its affiliated companies are developing business operations centering on the use of the amino acid 5-Aminolevulinic Acid (5-ALA) in pharmaceuticals, health foods, cosmetics and other products. Although the upfront investments into these companies were substantive, their development and marketing capabilities and the potential of their products have improved markedly, and we expect them to contribute steadily to profits from FY2018 onwards.
1
KEYWORDS
Financial ecosystem:
  A business ecosystem is an eco- nomic community supported by an organizational structure and human resources, each of which influences the other. Recognizing the need for this type of structure to achieve a competitive advantage in the Inter- net era, the SBI Group has built a financial ecosystem with securities, banking and insurance businesses as its three core business areas.
2 Migration to FinTech 2.0:
As distributed ledger technology (DLT) and blockchain become more sophisticated, applications based on these technologies will support the provision of revolutionary financial services. These advances are expected to lead to the FinTech 2.0 era, with blockchain as the core technology. The SBI Group is prepar- ing for migration to the fully devel- oped blockchain-based financial ecosystem of the FinTech 2.0 era.
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 09

 KEYWORDS
  Our Unchanging Stance of “Focusing on Finance to Transcend Finance.”
Future Evolution
  3 Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
RPA refers to the use of artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning, a technology by which AI learns through repetition, for the purpose of performing mainly back-office white-collar tasks.
Accelerating the Shift to Mobile Services in the Financial Ecosystem
When the SBI Group first began to provide online financial services, the Internet was accessed mainly via personal computers. These days, however, smartphones and tab- lets that can be used remotely are being used more actively than personal computers. Therefore, the SBI Group’s various financial services are now being rapidly developed to be distributed as applications (apps) that are designed to allow access via mobile devices.
Under these circumstances, in April 2018, Morningstar Japan, which has an established track record in the area of mobile services, released a cryptocurrency app called “My Cryptocurrencies.” This app will provide information such as price informa- tion, ranking, related articles, etc., for more than 1,600 cryptocurrencies. Owing to this app, users will have access to a wide range of information whenever and wherever they may want it, which will contribute to the soundness and creditability of the cryptocur- rency market.
In Addition to Enhancing Competitiveness by Proactively Utilizing Innovative Technologies, Advance the Diffusion of Innovative Technologies to Companies Outside of the SBI Group
In order for the SBI Group to evolve to a new level of development, the traditional slogan of “Focusing on Finance to Transcend Finance,” will continue to be an important part of our philosophy.
As measures for the future evolution of our financial business, we will first utilize the overwhelming size of our combined customer base in all financial services provided through our financial ecosystem, including the core areas of securities, banking and insurance, to expand our market share and achieve profit growth.
The SBI Group has adopted the utiliza- tion of innovative technologies as a driving force for growth since its founding. We have continued these efforts with the innovative technologies of this new era, including AI, blockchain and robo-advisors. We will utilize these technologies to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, by enhancing service usability and achieving greater compatibility between the existing financial services pro- vided by the SBI Group and our customers’ lifestyles. Many of the new technologies that are emerging today are useful for improving business efficiency, and I am especially inter- ested in RPA 3 . We adopted this technology in 2016, and are now accelerating our efforts across the entire SBI Group to integrate this technology. SBI Sumishin Net Bank has been
 10
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

progressively advancing the use of RPA since January 2017. Today, the bank has imple- mented three types of RPA systems in 90 tasks, and as a result, it has succeeded in improving work efficiency improvements equivalent to approximately 48,000 hours per year (as of May 31, 2018). Moving for- ward, it plans to apply RPA to another 200 business processes in various organizational units, and anticipates cost savings amount- ing to ¥1 billion over five years.
Additionally, RPA has already been adopted by SBI Insurance, Morningstar Japan and SBI Holdings, while SBI SECURI- TIES, SBI Life Insurance and SBI Investment are automating various routine tasks. We have also started preparations for the estab- lishment of a company to introduce efficiency improvements based on RPA and AI, both within and beyond the SBI Group.
We regard the introduction of lead- ing-edge technologies, such as RPA and AI, as a priority not only for the SBI Group, but also for all other companies. Therefore, we established SBI Neo Financial Services 4 to drive further diffusion of these innovative tech- nologies, which will lead to the creation of a new ecosystem made up of FinTech-related joint ventures and other organizations. We will also supply new products and services based on technologies developed by the SBI Group’s investees and partners to various users, such as regional financial institutions. For example, we are supporting the regional financial institutions to adopt FinTech by supplying banking applications with user interfaces and experiences customized for individual regional financial institutions, developed by the U.S. company Moven 5 . Through initia- tives such as these, we will accelerate the adoption of advanced technologies by our partner financial institutions.
Further Strengthening Alliances with Regional Financial Institutions, to Realize Synergies with the SBI Group’s Financial Segment
One of the SBI Group’s founding missions is to contribute to society by using new tech- nologies to provide customers with highly convenient financial services. In recent years, we have supported the revitalization of regional financial institutions by providing them with the SBI Group’s technologies, know-how and expertise in the field of Fin- Tech, thereby also contributing to regional
development through this process.
Regional financial institutions will face
challenging conditions in the short-term, medium-term and long-term future, owing to Japan’s current negative interest rate policy, financial innovations driven by FinTech and social changes resulting from the demo- graphic aging and population decline. How- ever, if the regional economic decline continues, there is the real risk of a general- ized decline in Japan’s economic level. This is the reason that the SBI Group is determined to contribute to the creation of a virtuous cycle linking the financial sector, residents and industries, by contributing to the revitalization of regional financial institutions, helping regional residents to achieve sustained asset accumulation, and thereby by contributing to the rejuvenation of regional industries. If we can enhance the asset management capabili- ties and operating efficiency of regional finan- cial institutions, along with the attractiveness of their products, regional residents will have more money to use for asset formation and for consumption. This will enhance the earn- ing capacity of regional industries, resulting in upward trends in employment and the demand for funds, which is the big picture that I have envisioned.
One of the initiatives that we have already implemented is our partnering through SBI SECURITIES in the area of financial products brokerage services. By the end of June 2018, we had formed partnerships with approximately 30 regional financial institu- tions. In recent years, regional financial insti- tutions have increasingly expanded into the securities business, as a way of diversifying their customer services. However, they face major hurdles, including their limited ability to offer attractive products. Cooperating with SBI SECURITIES has dramatically alleviated this problem. Moreover, a key priority for SBI SECURITIES is the provision of products that help to enhance the investment performance of regional financial institutions, through its Financial Institutional Sales Dept.
These initiatives have also led to a new approach based on the joint operation of SBI MONEY PLAZA 6 . The first co-managed shop was opened in Shizuoka Prefecture in Octo- ber 2017, as a joint outlet of SBI MONEY PLAZA and the Shizuoka Bank. Located in the Shizuoka Bank’s Hamamatsu Higashi Branch, the new shop has started to offer and provide a wide range of financial prod- ucts, including securities-related products and insurance, for the benefit of local cus- tomers. In the five months between Novem- ber 2017 and March 2018, assets on deposit
KEYWORDS
4 SBI Neo Financial Services: Our goal is to drive the increased dissemination of advanced tech- nologies to our Group companies by working through this company to create a new ecosystem con- sisting of joint ventures with the SBI Group’s investee companies, such as SBI FinTech Incubation, as well as the Israeli company Decen- tralized Mobile Applications, which provides the PayKey mobile bank- ing and remittance service, and the Swiss company FinanceApp, which supplies the Wefox insur- ance product introduction applica- tion for insurance brokers.
5 Moven (U.S.):
This SBI Group investee company provides customized mobile bank- ing applications to partner banks on a white label basis. SBI and Moven have established a 70:30 joint venture.
6 SBI MONEY PLAZA:
We are building a nationwide net- work of SBI MONEY PLAZA shops as shared infrastructure for the Financial Services Business. These shops handle securities, insurance, deposits and housing loans as the face-to-face retailing arm of the SBI Group. By the end of June 2018, there were 415 locations.
CEO Message
  SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 11

at this co-managed shop increased by 4.3 times, and revenue by 9.2 times. This dra- matic improvement in performance has led to increased inquiries from other regional finan- cial institutions, and in June 2018 another co-managed shop was established with the CHIKUHO BANK in Fukuoka Prefecture. SBI MONEY PLAZA has also stepped up its efforts to offer products to the corporate cli- ents and the high-net-worth individual cus- tomers of the regional financial institutions.
We have also established SBI Regional Revitalization Asset Management, through joint investments by regional financial institu- tions and the SBI Group. As of June 30, 2018, 16 banks are participating. The mission of the new company is to support regional financial institutions in the management of assets entrusted by customers, as well as their own assets, while also contributing in other areas, such as human resource devel- opment. Resources invested in the company by the SBI Group include asset management know-how, fund information obtained through our global networks, and support for invest- ment education and marketing.
Focus on Quickly Growing Assets Under Management
The SBI Group includes companies operating in the securities, banking and insurance busi- nesses, and we believe that improvements in the asset management performance of these Group companies will lead to greater cus- tomer satisfaction, and the expansion of our customer base. So, we are enhancing the organizational structure of the asset manage- ment services business, by establishing man- agement institutions to provide diversified investment products that go beyond Japa- nese and foreign stocks and bonds. Such products will be made available not only to our Group companies, which are expanding their total assets under management, but also to partner regional financial institutions.
By the end of March 2018, total assets under management by the SBI Group had reached approximately ¥840 billion, for a year-on-year increase of 1.7 times. This growth reflects the rapid expansion of assets under management by SBI Bond Investment Management, which was established as a joint venture with the world-leading U.S. bond investment management company PIMCO. Another factor has been the accel- erating establishment of various private equity funds, including CVC funds. Our goals going forward are to expand this total to ¥1
trillion within one year and ¥5 trillion within three years, through M&As, the establish- ment of joint ventures and other strategies.
Steadily Progressing Initiatives in Cryptocurrency and other Digital Assets
The SBI Group was an early pioneer in the field of digital assets, including cryptocurren- cies, which have become the focus of intense public interest in recent years. In 2016, we acquired approximately 10% of the shares in the U.S. company Ripple, which is leading the development of XRP, the third-largest cryptocurrency in terms of market capitaliza- tion after Bitcoin and Ethereum. We also jointly established SBI Ripple Asia, and since then, we have focused on the utilization of digital asset technologies. Specifically, we have created “The Japan Bank Consortium,” with the participation of megabanks and regional banks representing approximately 80% of the total outstanding deposits in Japan. And through this initiative, we are building an infrastructure that will unify domestic and foreign currency transactions, which will allow money to be transferred in real time, 24 hours a day, using blockchain and distributed ledger technology (DLT).
Currently, we are building a digital asset ecosystem based on companies affiliated with SBI Digital Asset Holdings, including the cryptocurrency mining company SBI Crypto and SBI Virtual Currencies, which exchanges cryptocurrencies, and the investment com- pany SBI Crypto Investment. SBI Holdings, SBI Investment and SBI Crypto Investment are further enhancing this ecosystem by investing in venture companies with advanced technological development capabilities. At the same time, we will actively pursue synergies between this ecosystem based on digital assets and our existing financial ecosystem, so that we can further expand our customer base while always giving first priority to the interests of our customers under the “Cus- tomer-centric Principle.”
SBI Virtual Currencies was registered for the cryptocurrency exchange business in September 2017. In June 2018 it launched the VCTRADE cryptocurrency spot trading service, for which over 20,000 customers had registered in advance to open accounts. In July 2018, it began accepting general applications for new accounts. In addition to providing the narrowest spreads in the indus- try, SBI Virtual Currencies provides a world- class trading environment based on the
 12 SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

matching engine developed by NASDAQ, a major securities exchange in the U.S. That system has already established a track record in the proprietary trading system (PTS) operated by SBI Japannext. We will work to ensure profitability as quickly as possible by referring customers from SBI SECURITIES, SBI Sumishin Net Bank and SBI Liquidity Market (including SBI FXTRADE), and other companies. Given the compelling size of our existing customer base, we believe that as soon as the SBI Group begins to engage in the cryptocurrency exchange business in earnest, we will quickly emerge as the indus- try leader.
As in other business areas, we will consis- tently apply the “Customer-centric Principle” to the digital asset business by minimizing fees. We are also aware that the most import- ant factor for cryptocurrency trading is secu- rity, including wallet technology. In addition to the adoption of innovative technologies devel- oped by venture companies outside of the SBI Group, we have also focused on partner- ing with SECOM Trust Systems, and other companies. We have invested in and part- nered with a number of companies with promising security technologies, including the Taiwanese company CoolBitX, Sepior in Den- mark and Everspin in South Korea. We will apply the “Customer-centric Principle” by using these technologies to raise the standard of security in cryptocurrency trading.
Biotechnology-related Business Progresses toward a Profit Contribution
Since recognizing biotechnology as a core industry of the 21st century, we have contin- ually invested in the Biotechnology-related Business, and this business is now produc- ing steady growth, and will soon contribute to earnings.
SBI Biotech is developing revolutionary drugs for the treatment of previously incur- able conditions, such as autoimmune dis- eases. The company is endeavoring to shift from negative to positive results from FY2018 onwards, and anticipates maintaining posi- tive yearly financial results by licensing out existing and new pipeline drugs.
Quark Pharmaceuticals is an U.S. bio- venture and a SBI Group subsidiary. It has developed advanced small interfering RNA (siRNA) technology, and is making good progress with clinical trials of its pipeline products. The company already has two products at the Phase III clinical trial stage,
Synergy of
New Ecosystem
Synergy
CEO Message
    Asset Management Business
Biotechno- logy-related Business
 Synergy
Synergy
New ecosystem promoting the introduction and diffusion of new technologies
Financial Services Business
Synergy
Synergy
New ecosystem based on digital assets
SBI Group’s Customer Base
  A new ecosystem centered on joint venture companies with SBI Group’s investee FinTech companies
  Existing Ecosystems and New Ecosystems are Organically Combined to Create Synergistic Effects, which Cannot be Realized by a Single Company
and has newly started Phase III work for another product. With three products at the Phase III stage, the company will more than meet the criteria for listing on the NASDAQ Market in the U.S., and is now making preparations for an IPO offering. We expect that this listing will occur during FY2018.
Several companies, including SBI Phar- maceuticals and SBI ALApromo, are engaged in the development, manufacture and sales of pharmaceuticals, health foods, cosmetics and other products based on the amino acid 5-Aminolevulinic Acid (5-ALA). The 5-ALA-re- lated business is showing steady growth, and returned a positive financial result for the first time in FY2017. photonamic, a subsidiary of our Hong Kong-based intermediate holding company SBI ALApharma, has developed Gliolan® 7 , which will go on sale in the U.S. in the second half of the FY2018. Also, SBI Neopharma, a joint venture with Neopharma, an UAE pharmaceutical company, has expanded its activities on a global scale, and is preparing to market 5-ALA-related health foods in over 20 countries.
We will use this momentum to drive fur- ther improvements in the earnings perfor- mance of the Biotechnology-related Business, through continuing efforts to enhance both product potential and marketing capabilities.
KEYWORDS
7 Gliolan®:
Gliolan® is an intraoperative diagnos- tic agent utilizing 5-ALA, and has a past record of sales in more than 40 countries worldwide through pho- tonamic’s sales partners. In Japan, SBI Pharmaceuticals has been sell- ing it as “ALAGLIO® Oral 1.5g.” The product will be sold under the name “Gleolan” in the U.S.
  SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 13

  Balancing Shareholder Returns Against the Need to Take Up Challenges in New Fields
Enhancing Our Corporate Value through a Virtuous Cycle of Customer Value, Shareholder Value and Human Capital Value
 Enhancing Corporate Value and Increasing Shareholder Returns in the Medium- to Long-term
The SBI Group believes that corporate value is built on a foundation of customer value, and that together with shareholder value and human capital value, when the three values are merged into a virtuous cycle, corporate value will consequently increase. The expan- sion of customer value leads to the improve- ment of financial performance, which enhances shareholder value and allows us to attract talented individuals, resulting in an
improvement in our human capital value. By maintaining this virtuous cycle, we will endeavor to improve our corporate value over the medium- to long-term.
The SBI Group’s basic policy for share- holder returns is to achieve a minimum total shareholder return ratio, which is based on the sum of dividend payments and share repur- chases, of 40%. In line with this policy, we set the annual dividend for FY2017 at ¥85, result- ing in a total shareholder return ratio of 40.1%.
Under our new policy on shareholder returns, which will be applied from FY2018, the minimum total shareholder returns target, calculated as the sum of dividend payments and share repurchases, will remain to be 40% of profit for the year attributable to the owners of the Company. However, the actual amount returned to shareholders will be determined by the adjustment of consoli- dated profit before income tax expense, including the deduction of gains or losses on fair value valuations of operational investment securities that do not involve cash flows, depending on the level of those gains or losses as a percentage of consolidated profit before income tax expense. We hope that shareholders will understand this change as a measure to improve corporate value, while balancing shareholder returns against the need to take up challenges in new fields in an evolving business environment.
Progress on and
Revision of Our Medium- to Long-term Vision
The SBI Group announced its medium- to long-term vision in July 2017. We have since revised part of this vision to reflect our excel- lent results in FY2017. One change relates to
  14 SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

the contributions of each segment to consoli- dated profit before income tax expense. Orig- inally we stated that we would work to build a structure in which the relative contributions from the Financial Services Business, Asset Management Business and Biotechnology-re- lated Business would be 6:3:1 after three years, and 6:2:2 after five years. However, while we still anticipate growth in the Financial Services Business, we will pursue greater business diversification, and have therefore adjusted the projected contribution ratios to 5:4:1 after three years, and 5:3:2 after five years. This change reflects a growth trend in the earnings of the SBI SAVINGS BANK in the Asset Management Business, the prospect of high profits from our forward investment in venture capital businesses in the FinTech field, and the emergence of positive financial results from the Biotechnology-related Business.
The second change relates to our goal of achieving consolidated profit before income tax expense of over ¥100 billion within 2–3 years from 2017. Our consolidated profit before income tax expense reached ¥71.8
billion in FY2017, and we now expect to achieve the target within the next one to two year period.
The third change concerns the level of our market capitalization. Our goal was to double our market capitalization, which was around ¥330 billion when we announced our vision. However, it was already approaching ¥600 billion by the end of March 2018, and as we anticipate further business expansion going forward, will work toward a market capitalization target of ¥1 trillion, and accel- erate our existing efforts to actualize our intrinsic corporate value 8 .
The SBI Group will continue to endeavor to reach greater heights. To all of our share- holders and investors, we sincerely appreci- ate your continued guidance and support.
KEYWORDS
8 Actualization of
intrinsic corporate value:
One of our priorities is to actualize the latent corporate value of Group companies through listing. In addi- tion to the aforementioned Quark Pharmaceuticals, we are also work- ing toward the listing of our insur- ance holding company, SBI Insurance Group, and the intermedi- ate holding companies SBI Capital Management and SBI ALApharma. We also plan to spin off the SBI Group’s asset management opera- tions into a new asset management company, which we will eventually list after rapidly expanding the scale of business through dynamic M&A activities. We also plan to list our equity method associates.
CEO Message
  Yoshitaka Kitao
Representative Director, President & CEO
   Mechanism to
Enhance Corporate Value
Human Capital Value
Improvement in incentives
creativity
• Primary factor in differenti-
ating a company from other companies, which is the source of competitive advantage
• Strategic resource that is most valuable
SBI Group’s adherence to the “Customer-centric Principle” throughout the entire Group
SBI Group’s Vision (revised on April 26, 2018)
  Develop the Financial Services, Asset Management and Biotechno- logy-related Businesses, so that the profit before income tax expense composition by segment in three years will be 5:4:1, while that in five years will be 5:3:2, respectively.
Targeting consolidated profit before income tax expense of over ¥100 billion within the next year or two
Maintain ROE above 10%
Annual dividend to the level of ¥100 per share
Endeavor to achieve a market cap of ¥1 trillion by actualizing intrinsic corporate value
      Value associated to officers and employees
• People are the source of
 Market capitalization + Total market value of liabilities
Total present value of expected
   Customer Value
Offering of products with high customer value
Shareholder Value
Increase in revenues and profits
future free cash flows for share- holders and creditors
pay for goods and services offered by the company
  Intrinsic value of goods and services offered by the company
  Cash flow from customers who
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 15
Enhance Corporate Value

               Historical high
  19.2
52.2
43.1
  40
38.9
   20
 0
                          Feature 1: CFO Message
CLEARING THE
FUTURE PATH THROUGH FINANCIAL STRATEGY
Focusing on the Financial Services Business, which provides sustainable growth,
will endeavor to balance investments in the next growth fields with shareholder returns
Shumpei Morita
Senior Managing Director & CFO
Business Environment and Review of Financial Results in FY2017
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (FY2017), while there was uncertainty regarding the actions of the Trump admin- istration and the geopolitical risks surrounding North Korea, a healthy stock market in the U.S. tied to higher consumption and investments spurred by a major tax reform led to solid conditions for the Japanese stock market as well. As a result, the total domestic individual stock brokerage trading value of the 2 mar- kets* grew 22.4% year-on-year.
Under these circumstances, the SBI Group’s consolidated business performance in FY2017, based on IFRSs accounting standards, was solid with record highs on the key performance measures. Revenue was up 28.7% year-on-year to ¥337.0 bil- lion, profit before income tax expense up 66.5% to ¥71.8 billion and profit attributable to owners of the Company was up 43.8% to ¥46.7 billion.
In the Financial Services Business, SBI SECURITIES achieved historical highs in all profit items, while an expansion in the banking and insurance-related businesses helped boost overall performance. Overall revenue rose 20.7% year-on-year to ¥217.3 billion, an historical high, while profit before income tax expense increased 30.6% year-on-year to ¥63.9 billion.
In the Asset Management Business, SBI SAVINGS BANK of South Korea buoyed overall performance. Also, positive changes in fair value valuations, primarily in the FinTech-related securities, contributed to a favorable performance. Revenue rose 51.8% year-on-year to ¥117.6 billion, and profit before income tax expense increased 307.6% year-on-year to ¥56.5 billion, both recording historical highs, respectively.
In the Biotechnology-related Business, the 5-ALA-related busi-
ness achieved a full-year profit for the first time. However, revenue decreased 24.1% year-on-year to ¥4.2 billion, and loss before income tax expense was ¥37.3 billion for the fiscal year. These results were affected by the recognition of two sets of impairment losses. At Quark Pharmaceuticals, which is preparing for an IPO on the NASDAQ Market in the U.S., an impairment loss on intangible assets of approximately ¥5.7 billion was taken, as the result of a review of business plans relating to the upcoming IPO. At Kubota Pharmaceutical Holdings, an equity method associate, an impair- ment loss of approximately ¥21.1 billion was taken in light of a re-evaluation of the company’s corporate value, in consideration of its announced clinical trial results for its drug development pipeline.
*Japanese stocks listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange (including TSE Mothers, JASDAQ and NSE Centrex)
Consolidated Profit before Income Tax Expense (IFRSs) for the Past Five Years
     (Billions of yen)
80 60
Impact due to the sales of
subsidiaries, including
former SBI Mortgage 71.8
63.1
            FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017
 16
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018

Accelerating Business Investments in the Next Growth Fields
The SBI Group, through the expansion of its business ecosystem and the thorough implementation of the “Customer-centric Prin- ciple,” has been successful in diversifying its revenue source and has expanded its customer base, to support the current favor- able business performance. Moving forward, we believe that this trend will continue to be maintained.
In the Financial Services Business, SBI SECURITIES, has established an overwhelming presence in the retail securities business, and has expanded the corporate business and established new alliances with regional financial institutions. Also, in the banking business, sales of housing loans were aug- mented by leveraging various face-to-face outlets, and in the insurance business, the introduction of insurance products for sales by regional financial institutions were initiated. These and other efforts have been enacted to strengthen the earning capacity of each business segment, to solidify an earning base that is not dependent on the stock market. In the FinTech field, where we promptly started investing in 2015, some startups have already entered the monetization phase, and even the Biotechnology-related Business, which has persistently pro- duced deficits, is showing signs of heading toward profitability, along with prospects of moving from the investment phase to the monetization phase.
In addition, we are proactively investing in startup companies that possess leading-edge technology in the digital asset field, including cryptocurrency, to advance initiatives for this type of technology. As a seed for new profits for the SBI Group, these fields where we have been investing are beginning to sprout. By shifting our focus to the nurturing of the SBI Group’s digital asset-related businesses, we will quickly launch these types of fledgling businesses, including SBI Virtual Currencies, as I believe that a cash generating phase will be upon us.
Financial Management that
Balances Business Expansion with
Speed Awareness and Shareholder Returns
During this period of accelerating investments into such growth investments, a sophisticated financial strategy is required. Recently, interest has arisen among investors over capital effi- ciency and capital cost. As for the Company, whereas the invest- ment return ratio is a given, consideration must be given to the speed of recoupment of the investment. The expected return ratio will obviously differ based on whether the investment has prospects for a short-term recoupment, or whether it is an invest- ment requiring funds to be invested over a longer period of time. Regardless of the profits derived, if the funds must be recouped over a longer period of time and Group synergy effects are weak, and if the valuation potential is not significantly high, then such an investment will be deemed at a lower priority.
Also, whereas it is necessary to maintain an healthy balance sheet without an undue reliance on debt, we may need to apply some leverage in order to accelerate the growth of the SBI Group, and maintain a certain level of ROE by capitalizing on the low interest rate environment. Last year, we issued Euro Yen Convert- ible Bonds that mature in 2020 and 2022, and will continue to
raise funds flexibly while being mindful of the interest rate environ- ment. For FY2017, the ROE was 11.6%, achieving our target ROE of 10% or higher.
In terms of shareholder returns, due consideration will be undertaken in maintaining a balance with the necessary funds required for the company’s growth. For the total shareholder return ratio, which we calculate from the sum of the dividend pay- ments and share repurchases, we continue to be committed to an explicit policy goal of a minimum of 40%. From FY2018, how- ever, we have also incorporated a basic policy of making adjust- ments in consideration of fair value gains and losses from operating investment securities, which do not generate cash flow. Therefore, while taking into account the importance of cash flow, and premised on our current fundamental stance of shareholder returns, we will focus on conducting financial management in a way that strikes a balance between business expansion and shareholder returns.
Basic Concept of Shareholder Returns
Basic Policies
Pay a minimum annual dividend of ¥10 per share.
Conduct shareholder returns with a target of achieving a total shareholder return ratio, as calculated by the sum of dividend payouts and share repurchase costs, of 40% as a minimum
However, depending on the amount of the Company’s consolidated profit before income tax expense that is accounted for by fair value gains and losses from operating investment securities, which does not generate cash flow, the shareholder returns will be determined by making adjustments such as deducting the total amount of fair value gains or losses from the Company’s consolidated profit before income tax expense.
Schematic of Shareholder Returns
      Performance-linked portion was ¥75 in FY2017
  ¥XX
 ¥10
Variable portion (Performance-linked)
Stable portion
Dividend per share
+
 Share repurchase amount
 Target total shareholder return ratio of 40%,
as a minimum, of profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company.
 SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 17

           “As I deepened
my understanding,
I came to realize the great future promise of blockchain.”
Mamoru Fujimoto
                            Feature 2: A Dialogue
BLOCKCHAIN WILL PAVE
THE WAY TO THE FUTURE
The SBI Group is focused on blockchain, a potential game changer in financial services, and is promoting open innovation. Two executive officers overseeing blockchain spoke
about the past and future of blockchain,
which is approaching practical use
Mamoru Fujimoto
Executive Officer General Manager of Blockchain Promotion Dept. SBI Holdings
Takashi Okita
Chief Executive Officer SBI Ripple Asia
  What do You Think About the Possibilities for Blockchain?
Fujimoto I see blockchain as a technology that will bring about innovations in the financial sector. Although I do not necessarily believe it to be an all-purpose technology, if we understand the technology and use it appropriately, I am convinced that it will offer benefits that have not been contemplated in the past.
Okita I believe that settlements is one such particular applica- tion. Japan at one time was a world leader in the field of mobile payments and settlements, but now greatly lags behind China and South Korea, as well as Europe and the U.S. I am con- vinced that blockchain is a “game changer,” which can instantly reverse that situation.
Fujimoto When we launched the Blockchain Promotion Dept. in February 2016, I was appointed as the head of the depart- ment. Initially, the mission was to thoroughly understand the details of the technology, and then to research fields in which the technology may be applied, and I did not recognize the potentiality of blockchain. However, upon discussions with vari- ous experts which deepened my understanding, I came to real- ize the great future promise of this technology.
While conducting our research, owing to the versatile characteristic of the SBI Group, if we meet with promising startup companies, we take actions such as investing in and joint venturing with such companies.
Fujimoto For example, in March 2016, we joined a consor- tium led by R3 of the U.S., and two months later in May, we decided to invest in this company. Additionally, we established SBI Ripple Asia, as a joint venture with U.S. Ripple, and in October established the “The Japan Bank Consortium,” where SBI Ripple Asia serves as the secretariat. There is no doubt that the aggressive seeding at such an early stage has led to the SBI Group’s highly competitive positioning in the block- chain field today.
Okita
      18
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018

Please Discuss the SBI Group’s Initiatives Thus Far.
Fujimoto During 2016, we primarily researched and invested in or formed joint ventures with promising businesses, but in order to promote the utilization of blockchain, it was of paramount impor- tance for the SBI Group members to be knowledgeable about blockchain. So, we also became engaged in the process of educat- ing and broadening the awareness of blockchain within the Group. In the second half of 2016, we conducted proof of concept (PoC) tests for know your customer (KYC) utilizing blockchain, within the SBI Group. In the following year, with the involvement of NEC Cor- poration and the Japan Exchange Group, we conducted a full-scale PoC testing utilizing U.S. R3’s blockchain platform, “Corda”.
Okita Also, in 2016, with the SBI Group as the secretariat, “The Japan Bank Consortium” was launched, with 42 financial insti- tutions. For six months, we conducted PoC testing utilizing U.S. Ripple’s fundamental blockchain technology, “xCurrent”, and based on this testing, commercial applications were prepared
throughout the year in 2017.
Fujimoto And we announced “Money Tap,” which is a money transfer app available as a service for the general population.
Okita “Money Tap” is a remittance app for smartphones, and it employs a mechanism in which users can transfer money not only by using their bank account number, but also by their mobile phone number or a scanned QR code. For the time being, we expect to initiate this service in the summer of 2018, with three banks, SBI Sumishin Net Bank, Resona Bank and SURUGA bank. However, we intend to extend participation to other consortium member financial institutions as well.
Fujimoto I am directly overseeing the “S Coin Platform.” The basic technology of the S Coin Platform utilizes technology from Orb, in which the SBI Group has invested. A major benefit is the ability to issue and settle not only cryptocurrency, but also elec- tronic money, loyalty points, etc., on the same platform.
        What is the Time Frame for the Practical Application of Blockchain?
Fujimoto During 2018, we plan to introduce a series of practi- cal applications upon completion of the PoC tests. In the S Coin Platform, we have started PoC testing of “UC Daiba Coin” in collaboration with UC Card from April 2018, and have been accelerating our efforts toward practical applications. Using this as a foothold, we plan to invite local governments, financial insti- tutions and startup companies from various regions to partici- pate on this platform. An attractive feature of the S Coin Platform is the ability to mint a proprietary coin that meets indi- vidual needs, even without a large initial investment, along with an easy scaling ability through exchanges with other coins.
Okita “Money Tap,” and other remittance services utilizing U.S. Ripple’s blockchain technology will also reach the commercial- ization stage on a full-scale basis in 2018. A challenge ahead is to increase the number of banks that will make the service avail- able. To involve more banks, we will utilize open APIs to lessen the burden on participating banks.
Fujimoto Regardless of the superiority of the technology, it is not possible to extend its adoption without knowledgeable engi-
neers, so we are in the process of offering training programs to teach the use of U.S. R3’s “Corda”. Owing to Corda’s technical features, we believe that it will be particularly convenient for use in a number of fields, such as trade finance.
Okita At the stage of commercialization, it will be necessary to combine existing technologies with new technologies, such as blockchain. However, under current conditions, the respective specialists are separated in their views, so a bridging of the gap becomes an important issue. Also, while each blockchain tech- nology has differing features, it is the strength of the SBI Group that we have various types of blockchains. Through PoC test- ings, we have determined the individual technical features of each technology, and are beginning to understand what is nec- essary for commercial applications.
Fujimoto The Blockchain Promotion Dept. is encouraged that each financial services company of the SBI Group is starting to become more conscious of utilizing blockchain, from their own perspective. Since 2016, it has become certain that the seeds that were sown are finally starting to blossom. The SBI Group is leading in the practical application of blockchain, and expects to clear the path for the near-term future of the financial industry.
      SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 19
“I believe that it is a great strength of the SBI Group to have various types of blockchain.”
Takashi Okita

                               Feature 3: The Future Path Paved by Human Resources
HUMAN RESOURCES OF THE SBI GROUP CONTINUES SELF-EVOLUTION
      Human Resources are the Most Important Strategic Asset
Yukio Okawa
General Manager of General Affairs & Human Resource Dept., SBI Holdings
Voice
01 02 03
The cornerstone for corporate value growth at the SBI Group is human resources. The source of creativity is people, and we recognize this as the primary factor in bringing about the differentiation that underlies our com- petitiveness. In order to secure the necessary human resources, in addition to hiring mid-career personnel who are work-ready, the SBI Group has hired over 350 new university graduates since we started the program in 2006. Among such hires, there are some who have been selected as Group directors, or who are making fine contributions as mid-level employees at their respective organizations, and are fulfilling the important task of carrying forward the inculcation of the SBI corporate culture.
We are also focusing on diversifying our human resources. As a group that conducts business on a global scale, we do not make any distinctions regarding either gender differences, or nationality in our hiring practices. As for the recruitment of new university graduates, we have continued local hiring activities in China, South Korea and Vietnam, for the head office staff over the last three years, as steps to promote the diversification of our personnel talent pool.
Also, personnel development has become a central theme in lifting the value of human resources. Since FY2009, we have established a corporate dispatch system to the MBA curriculum of the SBI Graduate School, which is fully supported by the SBI Group. The SBI Graduate School is utilized as a venue for studies that give numerous SBI Group employees a grounding of the necessary elements for carrying out management responsi- bilities. In order to nurture the growth of talented personnel who understand and appreciate the Company’s cor- porate culture, ongoing training programs have been implemented. This is also conducted for the purpose of encouraging further synergistic effects throughout the entire Group, so that a myopic view of one’s own depart- ment or section is not encouraged. In this way, we are endeavoring to foster promising employees who compre- hend the SBI corporate culture and are capable of actionable decisions.
I have asked nine Group employees who embody the DNA of the SBI Group and undertake challenges every day, to speak about the corporate culture and their experiences and future aspirations.
     Voice Voice
  20
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Kazuyuki Hama
Overseas Business Administration Dept., SBI Holdings
Selecting the Career of Your Choice
I joined SBI SECURITIES after gaining experience at a number of other companies, mainly in the securities and M&A fields. After being responsible for develop- ing services for stocks and derivatives, I used the “career opening system*” to transfer to SBI Holdings. I wanted to see whether the know-how cultivated during my career at SBI SECURITIES, the core com- pany of the Group, would apply at the overseas operations of the SBI Group. So, I volunteered for the Overseas Business Administration Dept., where I will endeavor to implement the Group’s successful domestic policies overseas, while also moving a step or two closer to the career that I hope to realize.
* A system of soliciting positions among Group companies, applying from within the Group, and then transferring
Jamyung Yoon
CEO’s Office, SBI Holdings
Enhancing Individual Skills at
Leading-edge Companies
I joined the Company for its reputation as a leader in investing in leading-edge companies, through its insightful judgment and foresight. Initially, I worked at SBI Investment several years before the word FinTech became common, where I communicated with Fin- Tech startups around the world and came into con- tact with new technologies, seemingly on a daily basis. Currently, I work for the CEO’s Office of SBI Holdings, where I commonly support the manage- ment team or coordinate with employees from Group companies. I am now able to view the SBI Group from a different perspective than in the past, as there is something new and stimulating every day, and I can actually feel my growth as an individual.
Masashi Okuyama
Legal & Compliance Dept., SBI Holdings
Overcoming Barriers as a Team
The SBI Group is presented with many challenging opportunities, and perhaps unlike other companies, in a short period of time we are continuously entrusted to deal with many large projects, which provides us with a wealth of opportunities for personal growth. Also, evaluations are made in accordance with results, rather than on the basis of seniority, however, the Company also has a feature of a Confucian balance from a value perspective. Whereas I am expected to play a role as a specialist, there is a limit to what I can do alone. Moving forward, I will undertake a role that more complements the members of my team, so that the team results may be maximized, in order to achieve even more significant results than in the past.

   Voice Voice Voice 04 05 06
   Pengfei Dai
Securities Lending and Financing Dept., SBI SECURITIES
A Level Working Environment that
Transcends Race or Nationality
President & CEO Kitao is well versed in Chinese cul- ture, even more so than many people in China, and consequently I had no sense of anxiety before joining the Company. Even upon joining the Company, with reference to compensation and workplace environ- ment, it has been rare for me to feel any difference based on nationality, and has been an enjoyable working environment. At SBI SECURITIES, I have participated in the launching of the Securities Lending and Financing Dept., which carries out securities lending transactions. When I started, I did not under- stand what my role was, but since then my responsi- bilities allow me to grasp the results of my own efforts on a numerical value basis, and I have come to real- ize that my personal growth is tied to the business growth and profits.
Yusuke Inaba
Israel Office, SBI Holdings
Opening New Markets Overseas
I have accumulated a significant amount of experi- ence through working overseas, where I have been involved in a broad range of operations, even as a young employee. For example, my investment activi- ties include teaming up with international investment professionals in Abu Dhabi, and expanding our net- work by discovering startup companies and carrying out investment activities in Thailand. Especially in overseas, if one cannot produce results, they will not be acknowledged by partner companies, but once a good working relationship is established, participation in interesting opportunities becomes available. Although the responsibilities were significant, it was reassuring to be able to share concerns and issues among overseas bases of the SBI Group.
Ayumi Takeuchi
Corporate Communications Dept., SBI Holdings
Supporting Employees
Who Volunteer to Learn More
SBI is a company that continues to take on new chal- lenges. For this reason, it is necessary for employees to always be studying, and continue to input new things. I am now in charge of public relations, and from the time that I joined the Company, I had felt the need to expand the sphere of communications within my responsibilities, as well as to broaden my own communication skills. So, I decided to earn an MBA from the SBI Graduate School, with assistance from the Company. While the SBI Graduate School is intended for the nurturing of future core candidates within the Group, it is also a venue for receiving vari- ous types of stimulation to study with managers out- side of the Group. In brief, I believe that it is a privilege for Group employees who voluntarily choose to learn more, in order to improve themselves.
   Voice
07 08 09
   Tsubasa Furuya
Business Development Dept., SBI Ripple Asia
Realizing that Technology can
Change the World
In my third year after joining SBI, I participated in the launch of SBI Ripple Asia, and since then I have wit- nessed a period of transformation of the building of social infrastructure through leading-edge technolo- gies. There is some tension every day, as there is much knowledge that I must acquire, yet it is an opti- mal environment for my personal growth. Previously, I was assigned to other companies within the Group, but what was always required was self-motivation to move forward. However, it is part of the Company culture that superiors and colleagues alike will extend their support whenever possible. I believe that it is because of this supportive culture that SBI is able to meet new challenges with such a sense of speed.
Voice
Hajime Sato
Representative Director of SBI CoVenture Asset Management, Director of SBI Alternative Investments, and Operation and Fund Control Dept., SBI Bond Investment Management
Regardless of Career or Age,
Enables to Take on Challenges
Although I entered the SBI Group as a mid-career hire, I have been involved in projects such as estab- lishing a joint venture with PIMCO, a fixed income asset management company amongst the top in the world, in a leading position that cannot normally be experienced at my age. Recently, I have been involved in work that is related to cryptocurrencies, as well as the establishment of joint ventures, SBI Regional Revitalization Asset Management with regional financial institutions, as part of a regional revitalization project promoted by the SBI Group. What I find attractive is that I am able to gain experi- ence in business development that goes beyond the boundaries of conventional financial institutions, from a perspective close to the management team, includ- ing an involvement in the decision-making process.
Voice
Akimitsu Shimizu
Marketing Dept., SBI Virtual Currencies
Improving Expertise by being
Dispatched to an Investee Company
Upon joining the Company, I was assigned to the call center at SBI SECURITIES, in order to gain a basic fundamental knowledge of the securities business. Soon thereafter, I became involved in functional improvements for trading tools and existing services, while serving in the Marketing Dept. and the Product Development Dept., both at SBI SECURITIES. After that, I was dispatched to GiXo, an investee company of the SBI Group that conducts big data analysis. There, I acquired analytical know-how through my studies, and am now responsible for work related to cryptocurrencies at SBI Virtual Currencies. I believe the ability to increase one’s knowledge and build a specialty, not only at Group companies but also at the Group’s investee companies, is something that is unique to the SBI Group.
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 21

At a Glance
Overview of the SBI Group’s Business Operations (FY2017)
22 SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
 SBI GROUP AT A GLANCE
BIOTECHNOLOGY-RELATED BUSINESS
Revenue
¥4.2billion YoY ¥1.3 billion
1.2% 34.7%
 Revenue breakdown by business segment*1
    ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS
Revenue
¥ 117.6 billion YoY ¥40.1 billion
64.1%
FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS
Revenue
¥217.3 billion YoY ¥37.3 billion
ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS
¥56.5billion YoY ¥42.6 billion
0
    Number of employees*2
BIOTECHNOLOGY-RELATED BUSINESS
211
FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS
3,985 ASSET MANAGEMENT
BUSINESS
1,021
FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS
¥63.9billion YoY ¥15.0 billion
BIOTECHNOLOGY-RELATED BUSINESS
¥(37.3) billion YoY ¥27.7 billion
Profit before income tax expense
           *1 The ratio of revenue breakdown by business segment is presented as the composite ratio of the total revenue of Financial Services Business, Asset Management Business and Biotechnology-related Business.
*2 Excluding 174 people, such as shared group employees.

  FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS P.26
Provision of innovative,
highly convenient financial products and services via the Internet
     [Main Business]
Securities-related business Banking-related business Insurance-related business
[Performance Highlights]
SBI SECURITIES achieved record highs as a result of favor- able stock market conditions. In addition, owing to the diver- sification of products and services, expansion of sales chan- nels and the introduction of FinTech to improve the efficiency and sophistication of operations, the banking and insur- ance-related businesses other than the securities business are also now contributing to the performance of the segment as a whole.
  ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS P.28
Investment in venture companies in Japan and abroad in fields including IT and biotechnology, and provision of asset management-related services
    [Main Business]
Venture capital business
Asset management services business Overseas financial services business
[Performance Highlights]
In addition to the fact that the SBI SAVINGS BANK of South Korea continued to increase its profits, the change in fair value of securities held, primarily of FinTech investments, at the end of each fiscal year under IFRSs also had a positive effect on the financial performance, resulting in record highs for both revenue and profit before income tax expense upon the adoption of IFRSs.
  BIOTECHNOLOGY-RELATED BUSINESS P.30
Research and development, manufacture and
sales of pharmaceuticals, health foods and
cosmetics in collaboration with various business partners
    [Main Business]
Research and development of medical treatments and pharmaceutical products that utilize leading-edge biotechnologies Research and development of pharmaceuticals, health foods and cosmetics containing 5-ALA
[Performance Highlights]
The 5-ALA-related business achieved its first full-year of profit- ability since its founding. However, owing to a review of busi- ness plans at Quark Pharmaceuticals, and the results of clini- cal trials of the drug discovery pipeline announced by Kubota Pharmaceutical Holdings, which is an equity method associ- ate, impairment losses were incurred, and consequently the loss before income tax expense for the Biotechnology-related Business increased compared to the previous fiscal year.
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 23

                             SBI Group’s KPI
24 SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
  Customer Satisfaction Assessment of Financial Services Business Companies (As of June 30, 2018)
     “Oricon customer satisfaction ranking” of 2018; Online securities 1st
“Oricon customer satisfaction ranking” of 2018; Online Banking 1st
Kakaku.com;
Auto Insurance Satisfaction Ranking (2018) 1st
[SBI SECURITIES]
Online securities comprehensive ranking
Online banking comprehensive ranking
Auto insurance satisfaction ranking
1st
1st
1st
 Number of Accounts of SBI SECURITIES and Two Major Face-to-face Securities Companies*1
Changes in SBI SECURITIES’ Operating Revenue Structure
 (Thousand accounts)
(%)
100
9.6 80 5.0 15.5
60
FY2012
* Based on JGAAP
 6,000 5,500 5,000 4,500 4,000 3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000
5,318 4,261 3,327
2018
(CAGR: %)*2
10.9
16.5 4.7
29.6
FY2017
      Nomura
SMBC Nikko
Number of accounts exceeded 4 million in Sept. 2017
1.1
9.9
3.7
Others
Trading gains/loss
(include FX-related gain) Underwriting/
Sales commissions offering/ Sales commissions Financial revenues Commissions
            40
30.0
38.3
    *3
  20
    0
39.9
   As of March 31 2012
2013
2014
2015
2016 2017
Sources: Each company’s published information
*1 As of the end of Mar. 2017, Daiwa Securities’ number of accounts totaled 3,886 thousand accounts.
Daiwa Securities has not disclosed its figures beyond March 31, 2017 *2 June 2011 to March 2018
*3 Merged with SMBC Friend Securities in January 2018
Deposit Assets at Six Pure-play Internet Banks (non-consolidated)
Number of Contracts in SBI Insurance Group
(Billions of yen)
(Thousands)
2,000 1,500
Nihon SSI became a consolidated subsidiary in September 2016.
   5,000 4,000
4,426.0
SBI Sumishin
SBI Life Insurance (formerly PCA LIFE Insurance) became a consolidated
1,735
1,626
         3,556.0
Daiwa Next
2,219.3 2,127.7
906.9 750.3
        3,000
     2,000
1,000 500
subsidiary in February 2015.
912 1,010
   699
585
     1,000
      0
0
  Sources: Each company’s published information * As of March 31, 2018
Sony
Rakuten
Jibun
The Japan Net
As of March 31 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
* Simple sum of the number of contracts of SBI Insurance, SBI Life Insurance, SBI Resta SSI, SBI IKIIKI SSI and Nihon SSI

  The SBI Group’s Assets Under Management
Investment for FinTech Startup Companies
67
(Billions of yen)
800
0
Approx.
 ¥40.5
(As of July 31, 2018)
    600
companies
billion
   400
628.0
   200
183.5
230.6 259.0 347.9
   201.2
191.6 187.7
2015 2016
152.8 218.8
2017 2018
Investment trusts, etc.
Private equity, etc.
Approx. ¥24.0 billion through the FinTech Fund
Approx. ¥16.5 billion by
SBI Holdings and others
 As of March 31 2014
* Calculated by the exchange rate as of the end of March each year
* Amounts are rounded to the nearest ¥100 million
* “Private equity, etc.” includes neither cash nor commitment amount to be paid in
* “Investment trusts, etc.” are the sum of amounts of investment trusts and investment advisors. For funds that SBI Asset Management
provides investment instruction to, if Morningstar Asset Management provides investment advisory services, assets are recorded in both Investment trusts and Investment advisory, respectively, so there are some overlapping amounts
SBI SAVINGS BANK of South Korea Net Income
Position in the Savings Banking Industry
Sources: Each company’s published information *Based on KGAAP
(Billions of KRW)
100 50 0
Fiscal Year ended
(Billions of KRW)
   Total assets
 Net income
 SBI
5,729.8
88.9
OK
  4,063.8
   78.0
    Korea Investment
2,607.5
50.8
  Acuon (formerly HK)
     2,260.3
       25.2
    Welcome
  2,077.3
   35.0
    74.0 20.2 17.2
88.9
        (529.2) (329.2)
June 30, June 30, June 30, Dec. 31, Dec. 31 Dec. 31
 2013 2014 2015 2015 2016 2017
* Fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 was an irregular accounting period of six months
* Based on KGAAP
 Number of Domestic Stores that Offer Health Foods Containing 5-ALA
Global R&D Partner for Pharmaceuticals Using 5-ALA
   (Stores)
16,000
12,000
8,000
4,000
0
2014 2015
16,079
(As of June 30, 2018)
2016 2017 2018
Oxford University and Birmingham University Hospital
     U.K.
King Hamad University Hospital
National Salmaniya Hospital
Bahrain Defense Force Hospital
Bahrain
Fudan University
Shanghai
Arabian Gulf University
Hawaii
University of Hawaii
            RCSI–Medical University of Bahrain
 * As of June 30, 2018
   SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 25

                                        Increasing Profitability by Leveraging New Technologies and Expanding the Existing Customer Base by Creating Synergies with Digital Asset-related Business
  Principal Companies
Intermediate Holding Company: SBI FINANCIAL SERVICES
SBI SECURITIES
SBI Liquidity Market (SBI LM)
SBI FXTRADE (SBI FXT)
SBI MONEY PLAZA
SBI Benefit Systems
SBI BITS
SBI Japannext
SBI Sumishin Net Bank
SBI Insurance Group (Insurance holding company) SBI Insurance
SBI Life Insurance
SBI Resta SSI
SBI IKIIKI SSI
Nihon SSI
SBI FinTech Solutions
SBI Remit
SBI Social Lending
SBI Business Solutions
SBI Ripple Asia
Full-year Profit before Income Tax Expense of the Major Businesses of the Financial Services Business
Principal Initiatives in FY2017 and Future Priority Measures
Securities-related Business
Strengthened collaboration with regional financial institutions through the Financial Institutional Sales Dept., and expanded the underwriting business for newly issued municipal bonds and public bonds
Established an Investment Banking Dept., and started to offer vari- ous M&A services in addition to financing and business consulting
As a step toward further expansion of our iDeCo business, waived all iDeCo asset management fees as of May 2017
Through the steady expansion of the customer base by the acquisi- tion of new NISA customers, the monthly total periodic investment trust settlement amount exceeded ¥10 billion in February 2018
Banking-related Business
Through proactive release of APIs to expand collaboration of ser- vices with FinTech startups of the SBI Group’s investee companies and others, started offering automatic savings service and asset management services using daily change that targets younger customers.
In the housing loan business, steadily expanded transaction amount through sales channel expansion
Started a membership campaign for the new “MIRAINO CARD” credit card
Promoting business process efficiency through introduction of robotic process automation (RPA)
Insurance-related Business
“SBI Insurance’s Fire Insurance” contributed to the growth in the number of insurance policies, through the pursuit of Group synergies, along with the promotion of housing loans to regional financial institutions
Started sales of group credit life insurance products at SBI Life Insurance, which has also been adopted by regional financial institutions
Expanded the product offering in the small-amount, short-term insurance business, with offerings such as pet insurance to steadily grow the scale of business
  (based on IFRSs)
(Millions of yen)
54,125
3,770 2,263
     Simple sum of SBI SECURITIES, FX business (SBI LM, SBI FXT) and SBI MONEY PLAZA
40,752
3,185 1,881
       SBI Sumishin Net Bank*
         Simple sum of SBI Insurance Group and its affiliated companies
       26
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
*Share of the profit results of associates accounted for using the equity method. Owing to the difference in IFRSs and JGAAP for asset assessment criteria, the profit amount is different from that based on JGAAP
FY2016
FY2017
       
Envisaging Greater Revenue Opportunities by Introducing Leading-edge Technology
The SBI Group is working to expand financial services that utilize leading edge technologies, through collaborations with its investee companies.
SBI SECURITIES offers “WealthNavi for SBI SECURITIES,” a customized robo-advisor service provided by WealthNavi, and has steadily expanded the scale of this service. In blockchain, working with IBM Japan, SBI SECURITIES is verifying the feasibil- ity of using blockchain in financial market infrastructure, such as for processing bonds, etc. In AI, together with NEC Corporation, the company has started a proof of concept (PoC) testing for applying AI to trade review operations for stocks, and have also started know-your customer (KYC) operations using optical char- acter recognition (OCR) equipped with AI from Double Standard.
SBI Sumishin Net Bank has introduced AI in the screening of housing loans. In customer service, it is making a trial introduc- tion of a hybrid chat service that switches seamlessly between a staffed customer-facing service and an AI-driven one. Also, working jointly with Hitachi, the bank is considering the creation of an AI-based screening service for financial institutions. SBI Sumishin Net Bank has also become the first bank in Japan to publicly release its APIs (application programming interfaces), and through proactive API collaborations with investee compa- nies and others, is offering a series of asset management ser- vices that target younger customers.
In the insurance business, SBI Insurance has set up a Safety Support Car Discount/ASV Discount that assesses the reduced risk of advanced safety vehicles (ASVs), which is the first direct insurance service of its kind. SBI Insurance is also starting to accept simple cost estimates based only on an image of the automobile using the LINE messaging app, an Automobile Insur- ance Image Policy, which is an industry first. The company is also engaged in the development of personalized insurance that calculates insurance fees to reflect the policyholder’s risks and characteristics, by utilizing technologies of the IoT area, such as telematics, or these related to autonomous driving. At SBI Life Insurance, through an alliance with FiNC, a technology venture specializing in mobile health, it has started providing a health management app for all policyholders as an incentive for joining its insurance, and to promote preventive health care for sub- scribers. In collaboration with startup companies and other enterprises, SBI Life Insurance is also developing a new insur- ance product that sets premiums in accordance with the policy- holder’s health. Also, in collaboration with Kindai University, the company is engaged in combining cancer genome analysis with AI, an industry first in Japan.
In these ways, the SBI Group is applying advanced technol- ogy for the continual development and offering of products and services that are highly useful to customers, in order to raise the profitability of each business.
Driving the Financial Sector by Launching Cross-industry Consortiums
This initiative not only capitalizes on the leading-edge technolo- gies of the SBI Group, but also utilizes such technologies across industry sectors. SBI Ripple Asia, a joint venture with Ripple of the U.S. for the development of a next-generation remittance platform, organized “The Japan Bank Consortium.” The consor- tium completed a trial of the RC Cloud 2.0 remittance platform that uniformly handles domestic and foreign currency exchange, and in March 2018 developed Money Tap, a money transfer app for smartphones via connection to RC Cloud 2.0. This money transfer service has already entered operating trials, and will be offered by SBI Sumishin Net Bank, Resona Bank and SURUGA bank, with commercialization slated for after the summer of 2018.
In addition to The Japan Bank Consortium, in 2018, the SBI Group has established two other consortiums which engage in the application of leading-edge technology, such as AI and dis- tributed ledger technology, throughout the financial sector. One is the Card Consortium, which addresses credit card applica- tions for the issuance of cryptocurrency and the tracking of loy- alty points, as measures for the sharing and/or prevention of KYC and anti-money laundering (AML) challenges. The second is the Securities Consortium, which addresses the standardization of KYC and AML measures. By being engaged in cross-industry initiatives in this way, the SBI Group is contributing to the improvement of customer benefits and streamlining operational efficiencies for the entire financial sector.
Expanding the Customer Base of the Various Financial Services Companies, through the Pursuit of Synergies with the Digital Asset-related Business
SBI Virtual Currencies, which started a cryptocurrency spot trad- ing service in June 2018, is thoroughly pursuing synergies both within and outside of the Group, to work toward achieving profit- ability in a relatively short period of time upon the start of full- scale services.
Of customers engaged in cryptocurrency transactions, 85% are in their 20’s to 40’s*. This is a relatively younger generation than the customer distribution of the SBI Group, so we believe that the customer base of the Financial Services Business can be greatly expanded by thoroughly pursuing synergies with the digital asset-related business. By doing so, the various financial services companies are likely to experience a new customer flow centered primarily on the younger generation customers.
*According to a survey of the Japan Cryptocurrency Business Association (As of March 2018)
         SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 27

                               In Addition to Expanding Investments Abroad and in Leading-edge Technologies, Strengthening Support for Regional Financial Institutions in Japan
  Principal Companies
Intermediate Holding Company: SBI Capital Management
Principal Initiatives in FY2017 and Future Priority Measures
Venture Capital Business
Contributed to earnings growth from investments focused on Fin- Tech and overseas opportunities
Earned top-class world ranking in blockchain investments (per CB Insights survey)
Established SBI AI&Blockchain Fund as the successor core fund to the FinTech Fund
Following the previous fiscal year, continued to focus on establish- ing CVC Funds, and have jointly raised seven funds to date, includ- ing newly formed funds with MITSUI MINING & SMELTING, HOUSE FOODS GROUP and Subaru Corporation
Overseas Financial Services Businesses
SBI SAVINGS BANK of South Korea achieved record profits
SBI Bank in Russia is developing a full array of financial services, including those incorporating FinTech
Asset Management Services Business
Morningstar Japan released “My Cryptocurrencies,” a mobile-opti- mized cryptocurrency information app
SBI Asset Management won a grand prize in the General Division at the R&I Fund Awards 2018
Established the SBI Regional Bank Value Creation Fund, to invest in regional financial institutions with favorable prospects for raising corporate value
Through joint funding with regional financial institutions, established SBI Regional Revitalization Asset Management, an asset manage- ment company
 SBI Investment
SBI FinTech Incubation SBI VEN CAPITAL
SBI Hong Kong Holdings SBI (China)
SBI & TH (Beijing) Venture Capital Management
SBI Ventures Malaysia SBI SAVINGS BANK
SBI Investment KOREA SBI Royal Securities
SBI Thai Online Securities SBI Bank
BNI SEKURITAS
 Intermediate Holding Company: SBI GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT
Morningstar Japan
SBI Asset Management
SBI Bond Investment Management SBI Regional Revitalization Asset Management
SBI ENERGY
SBI Gold
SBI Estate Finance
 Full-year Performance of the Asset Management Business by Major Business Lines (based on IFRSs)
Private Equity Investment
SBI Investment and funds under its auspices
10.7 4.1
SBI SAVINGS BANK and other overseas companies
52.2 6.1
4.3 1.4
(Billions of yen)
47.2 40.9
(Billions of yen)
63.1 13.4
(Billions of yen)
7.3 2.2
              Overseas Financial Services Business
             Asset Management Services Business
Morningstar Japan and other companies
FY2016
FY2016
FY2017
   Revenue
  Profit before income tax expense
 FY2017
   Revenue
  Profit before income tax expense
    FY2016
FY2017
    Revenue
       Profit before income tax expense
       28
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
         
      Creating Value by Supporting Regional Financial Institutions
The SBI Group supports the creation of a virtuous cycle that contributes to regional revitalization, through strengthened alli- ances with regional financial institutions.
In January 2018, the SBI Group established the SBI Regional Bank Value Creation Fund, to invest in regional financial institu- tions with favorable prospects for raising corporate value. This Fund is a privately placed investment trust offered to qualified institutional investors, and allows investors to make in-kind con- tributions of shares in targeted regional banks, in addition to cash investments. For both cash investments and in-kind contri- bution of shares, the Fund can accept supplemental purchase requests each month, and is projected to expand in size up to ¥100 billion. The Fund supports the raising of corporate value at portfolio companies that are regional financial institutions, through the adoption and support of FinTech by companies such as SBI FinTech Incubation, which was established as a joint ven- ture with IBM Japan. Utilization of this fund may lead to the elimi- nation of cross-shareholdings by regional financial institutions, and thereby assist in the strengthening of governance and effec- tive use of capital by these institutions.
Furthermore, SBI Regional Revitalization Asset Management, an asset management company funded through a joint investment with regional financial institutions, which utilizes the SBI Group’s management resources, was founded in March 2018. As of June 30, 2018, 16 banks are already participating in this venture. The new company will be contributing to the improvement of asset management capabilities at the regional financial institutions. The company will support the participating regional financial institutions from the dual viewpoints of asset management of those entrusted by customers, as well as the management of their own assets, and will also support the development of the human resources responsible for asset management operations at each bank.
Focus on Expanding Group Assets Under Management
The SBI Group’s asset management company, SBI Asset Man- agement’s assets under management grew significantly during the year, with net flows into its investment trusts during FY2017 growing by 14.7 times the previous year’s value, a result that greatly exceeds the 3.2 growth multiple for all Japanese provid- ers of investment trusts. In the case of SBI Bond Investment Management, a joint venture with PIMCO of the U.S., one of the world’s foremost fixed income asset managers, its assets have also grown steadily.
Additionally, private equity was also very active, with the establishment of several new funds. During FY2017, SBI AI&- Blockchain Fund was established, which is a venture capital fund that will primarily be involved in AI and blockchain investments. Also, three corporate venture capital (CVC) funds were newly established so far, including those with MITSUI MINING & SMELT- ING, HOUSE FOODS GROUP and Subaru Corporation. These three new funds bring the total to seven CVC funds to date, capi- talized at a total of ¥50 billion.
Through initiatives such as these, in investment trusts and private equity, the Group has rapidly expanded its assets under management, to a total of ¥846.8 billion, where the end-of-the- year balance is 1.7 times that of the corresponding figure of FY2016. Looking ahead, we plan to increase our assets under management to a new level, through activities such as M&As and the formation of joint ventures.
Expanding the Overseas Financial Services Business that are Advancing toward Profitability
As shown by the example of the SBI SAVINGS BANK of South Korea, a major building block in the Group’s earnings source, there are excellent growth opportunities in the overseas financial services business. In August 2017, the Group converted SBI Bank (former YAR Bank), a commercial bank in Russia, to a wholly owned subsidiary. Through alliances with FinTech startup companies in which the SBI Group has invested, this move will allow the bank to offer innovative products and services that are highly beneficial to customers. In its corporate business, we have formed a business alliance with the Far East Investment and Export Agency, under the Ministry for Development of the Russian Far East, and HOKKAIDO CORPORATION for the benefit of small- and mid-size Japanese companies, who are considering entering the Russian market. In addition to offering business development expertise, this alliance is building a coherent set of services that can be offered together with financial services, including loans, deposits, foreign exchange and payments.
In Southeast Asia, with its promising future of high economic growth, we have opened a representative office in Jakarta, Indo- nesia, and are also preparing to set up a base in the Philippines. In this region, we are investing in startup companies in both e-com- merce and the FinTech field, and plan to build upon the dramatic growth that we expect from the synergies created between the two types of companies. Meanwhile, we plan to expand business operations by linking up with local affiliates that we have estab- lished in Singapore and Malaysia. The SBI Group aspires to transi- tion “from Japan’s SBI to the World’s SBI,” and plans to bolster the overseas financial services business even more in the future.
Number of SBI Group’s Investments and Exits
Overseas Japan M&A IPO
          532 companies 828 companies
Investments (accumulated total)
1,360
companies
52 companies 176 companies
Exits (accumulated total)
228
companies (Exit ratio: 16.8%)
  SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 29

                                Globally Expanding Both the Pharmaceuticals and the Health Foods Business toward Further Profit Growth in the 5-ALA-related Business, which Achieved Its First Full-year of Profitability
  Principal Companies
Intermediate Holding Company: SBI ALApharma
SBI Pharmaceuticals SBI ALApromo photonamic
SBI Neopharma
SBI Biotech
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Full-year Profit before Income Tax Expense of the Biotechnology-related Business
(based on IFRSs)
(Millions of yen)
(432) (7,902) 58
42 40 55
Principal Initiatives in FY2017 and Future Priority Measures
SBI Biotech, Quark Pharmaceuticals
SBI Biotech is continuing the development of its drug discovery pipeline, and is seeking new out-licensing opportunities
At Quark Pharmaceuticals, expenses rose as a result of the steady progress in clinical trials, including several of those in Phase III
Quark Pharmaceuticals’ pipeline candidate targeting acute kidney injury (AKI) has newly entered Phase III
5-ALA-related Business
SBI Pharmaceuticals was profitable for the second consecutive year, owing to the start of sales of “ALAGLIO® Divided Granules 1.5g,” which SBI Pharmaceuticals granted exclusive domestic marketing rights to Chugai Pharmaceutical, and received a milestone payment based on licensing agreements
SBI ALApromo has achieved its first full-year profitability after increasing the number of outlets handling its health foods containing 5-ALA in Japan to 16,000 stores
SBI ALApromo released “SBI Gingko Bilboa” to market as a new food with functional claims, and is accelerating its product develop- ment to expand the product offering of such foods
     SBI Biotech
737 (8,270) (298)
91 (233) (41)
       Quark Pharmaceuticals
         5-ALA-related business
        SBI Pharmaceuticals
        SBI ALApromo
        photonamic (consolidated in Jan. 2016)
        *Excluding impairment losses of drug pipeline, etc.
 5-ALA-related Products
Ethical drug
ALAGLIO® Divided Granules 1.5g
Health foods and cosmetics
ALAplus ALAplus Gold Body Shape
ALAplus
Sports High-performance
ALAplus
Tou (Sugar) Down
SBI Gingko Bilboa
ALAplus Cosmetic Series
FY2016
FY2017
                30
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
               
Global Expansion of 5-ALA-related Pharmaceuticals
In the SBI Group’s Biotechnology-related Business, pharmaceu- ticals utilizing 5-ALA stand out as a promising field that will make major contributions to profit over the medium- to long-term. One such product is “Gliolan®,” an intraoperative diagnostic agent using 5-ALA that was developed by photonamic, a wholly owned subsidiary of SBI ALApharma, which is an intermediate holding company of the 5-ALA-related business. After receiving approval from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2007, “Gliolan®,” through photonamic’s sales partners, has accumulated a track record of sales in over 40 countries, including Germany and the U.K. In June 2017, photonamic also received approval of this pharmaceutical agent from the U.S. Food and Drug Administra- tion (FDA), and expects to start sales in the U.S. in the second half of FY2018. The product will be sold under the name “Gleo- lan,” and will be marketed through NX Development Corp., which became a subsidiary of photonamic in April 2018. In Japan, SBI Pharmaceuticals has been selling “ALAGLIO® Oral 1.5g” since 2013, as an application of intraoperative diagnostic agent for malignant glioma, a type of brain tumor. More recently, SBI Phar- maceuticals developed “ALAGLIO® Divided Granules 1.5g,” for the purpose of visualizing tumor tissues during resection of blad- der cancer. Its domestic sales were started in December 2017 by Chugai Pharmaceutical, which was granted exclusive market- ing rights in Japan. Domestically, SBI Pharmaceuticals is pro- ceeding with initiatives to expand the drug application.
Strengthening Overseas Sales of Drugs and Health Foods Using 5-ALA
In its objective to expand overseas sales of drugs and health foods using 5-ALA, SBI ALApharma jointly founded SBI Neo- pharma in Dubai in 2017. The partner in this joint venture, namely Neopharma, is one of the largest pharmaceutical distributors in the Middle East and North Africa region (MENA), and has built a business manufacturing generic drugs under license from 14 companies including global mega-pharmaceuticals, at 7 loca- tions around the world. In May 2017, SBI Neopharma started Middle East sales of health foods containing 5-ALA. The com- pany is currently undertaking registration procedures for selling health foods in over 80 countries. In FY2018, SBI Neopharma plans to start sales of the “NatuALA” health food in 20 or more countries. In the MENA and Indian regions, SBI Neopharma also plans to sell drugs using 5-ALA, including drugs for the treatment of diabetes and malaria, which are out-licensed to Neopharma, as well as “ALAGLIO® Divided Granules 1.5g.”
Expanding Sales through Foods with Functional Claims
Since its start of business in 2012, SBI ALApromo, a company engaged in the domestic planning, manufacturing and sales of cosmetics and health foods containing 5-ALA, has steadily increased the number of outlets handling its product offerings. It
now conducts product sales through over 16,000 drugstores and pharmacies nationwide, as well as an official online shop and other channels. In particular, “ALAplus Tou (Sugar) Down,” a food with functional claims, which started sales in December 2015, has been a big hit. By continually boosting sales, the product helped SBI ALApromo to increase its revenue in FY2017 by 29.6% year-on-year, and to achieve its first surplus in profit before income tax expense for the full-year since its establishment.
Furthermore, in steps toward expanding its product offering of health foods with functional claims, SBI ALApromo is develop- ing products with functions for improvement in the exercise capacity and the quality of sleep, in addition to premium prod- ucts with high 5-ALA content, and has completed its filings to the Consumer Affairs Agency. The company has also initiated R&D of products with functions for lessening daily fatigue, allevi- ating fatigue from physical activities and improving male meno- pause, and plans to complete the filings by the end of FY2018. Outside of this, SBI ALApromo is rolling out supplements using non-5-ALA components and general food products. In Decem- ber 2017, it started sales of “SBI Gingko Bilboa,” containing a gingko bilboa component that is reported to preserve memory. It has also started R&D and commercialization of germinated brown rice in FY2017, and plans to start sales of this new prod- uct offering in September 2018.
In a move towards creating a full offering of 5-ALA skincare products, SBI ALApromo sells a complete product offering of lotions and creams, with an addition of cleansing and facial wash, available through the Internet. It is also actively expanding OEM-branded health foods and cosmetics. Starting in FY2017, SBI ALApromo has also been making exclusive use of clinic sales channels to market “ALAplus 75,” with high 5-ALA content. Through these types of initiatives, SBI ALApromo intends to fur- ther expand sales of its products, and to strive for the continu- ous profitability of the 5-ALA-related business.
       “ALAplus Tou (Sugar) Down,” a Food with Functional Claims Marketed by SBI ALApromo, was Awarded “The Storefront Hit Product” Award
In March 2018, “ALAplus Tou (Sugar) Down,” a food with functional claims of SBI ALApromo, received “The Storefront Hit Product” Award at the Kinoushoku Awards 2018 (official name: Foods with Health Claims Market Creation Award) held by Health Business Magazine. These awards, which cover foods with health claims (foods with functional claims, foods for specified health uses and foods with nutrient function claims) encompass the needs of the time, and open up latent demand. The awards were established to recognize the prod- ucts that will drive the future market. “The Storefront Hit Prod- uct” Award that SBI ALApromo received at this year’s event is awarded to the product providing the greatest support to consumers through promotion and marketing at retail outlets from an “on-the-ground perspective at drugstores.” The award was selected by the vote of the readers of the monthly magazine “H&B Retail.”
   SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 31

Board of Directors and Statutory Auditors
(As of June 30, 2018)
Representative Director, President & CEO
Yoshitaka Kitao
Representative Director,
Senior Executive Vice President & COO
Katsuya Kawashima
Representative Director and President of SBI Investment Co., Ltd. Representative Director and President of
SBI Capital Management Co., Ltd.
Director of SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd.
Director of SBI FINANCIAL SERVICES Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director
Tomoya Asakura
Representative Director & President of Morningstar Japan K.K. Representative Director of Morningstar Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Representative Director and Chairman of
SBI Bond Investment Management Co., Ltd. Representative Director, President and CEO of SBI GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT Co., Ltd. Director of SBI Insurance Group Co., Ltd. Director of SBI Digital Asset Holdings Co., Ltd.
Managing Director
Hisashi Ono
Former Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau, the Ministry of Finance (Zaimu-sho)
Director & CTO
Chung Sok Chon
Chief Executive Officer of SBI BITS Co., Ltd.
Representative Director and President of SBI Japannext Co., Ltd. Representative Director and President of SBI Crypto Co., Ltd. Representative Director and Chairman of
SBI Prime Securities Co., Ltd.
Director of SBI Digital Asset Holdings Co., Ltd.
Representative Director,
Senior Executive Vice President
Takashi Nakagawa
Director of SBI Investment Co., Ltd. Director of SBI Investment KOREA Co., Ltd.
      Representative Director and Chairman
Representative Director and Chairman
Representative Director & President of
Representative Director & President of
SBI Digital Asset Holdings Co., Ltd.
Representative Director and Chairman
SBI FINANCIAL SERVICES Co., Ltd.
Director and Chairman of SBI Capital Management Co., Ltd.
Director, Senior Executive Vice President
Masato Takamura
Representative Director and President of SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd. Representative Director and President of
SBI FINANCIAL SERVICES Co., Ltd.
of SBI Investment Co., Ltd.
of SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd. SBI Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.
of
   Senior Managing Director & CFO
Shumpei Morita
Director of SBI FINANCIAL SERVICES Co., Ltd. Director of SBI Capital Management Co., Ltd. Director of SBI Digital Asset Holdings Co., Ltd.
     Managing Director
Kazuhiro Nakatsuka
Representative Director and President of SBI ENERGY Co., Ltd.
   Director
Masayuki Yamada
Statutory Auditor of SBI GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT Co., Ltd.
Director
Masaki Yoshida
Representative Director of YOSHIDAMASAKI INC.
Representative Director and
Chairman of Watanabe Entertainment Co., Ltd.
  32 SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

   Outside Director
Teruhide Sato
Director of BEENEXT PTE. LTD.
Director of BEENEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT PTE. LTD. Komisaris of PT Tokopedia
Director of Sen Do Technology Joint Stock Company
Outside Director
Ayako Hirota Weissman
Senior Vice President, Senior Portfolio Manager, Director of Asia Strategy of Horizon Kinetics LLC
Outside Director
Heizo Takenaka
Chairman & Director of Pasona Group Inc. Outside Director of ORIX Corporation Outside Director of MAYA SYSTEM Inc. President of Academy Hills
Professor of Faculty of Regional Development Studies at Toyo University Emeritus Professor at Keio University
Outside Director
Yasuhiro Suzuki
Representative Director and President of digitalshiftwave Co., Ltd.
     Outside Director
Hirofumi Gomi
Adviser of Nishimura & Asahi
Senior Adviser of The Boston Consulting Group
External Director of Aida Engineering, Ltd.
Outside Director of Infoteria Corporation
Outside Director of MIROKU JYOHO SERVICE CO., LTD.
Standing Statutory Auditor
Outside Director
Yoshitaka Asaeda
Representative Director of Catalystic Inc.
     Atsushi Fujii
Statutory Auditor of SBI Statutory Auditor of SBI Statutory Auditor of SBI Statutory Auditor of SBI Statutory Auditor of SBI
Statutory Auditor
Minoru Tada
Statutory Auditor of SBI
SECURITIES Co., Ltd. Investment Co., Ltd. FINANCIAL SERVICES Co., Ltd. Capital Management Co., Ltd. Digital Asset Holdings Co., Ltd.
Outside Standing Statutory Auditor
Toru Ichikawa
Statutory Auditor of SBI FINANCIAL SERVICES Co., Ltd. Statutory Auditor of SBI Capital Management Co., Ltd. Statutory Auditor of SBI Digital Asset Holdings Co., Ltd.
Outside Statutory Auditor
Yasuo Sekiguchi
Managing Director of Global Partners Consulting, Inc.
  SECURITIES Co., Ltd.
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 33

Corporate Governance
Realizing an Organizational Structure that can
Rapidly Adapt to Changes in the Business Environment, with an Highly Effective Corporate Governance System
Basic Concept of Corporate Governance
A company’s stakeholders include consumers, business partners and the community at large, in addition to customers, sharehold- ers and investors. The SBI Group keenly recognizes the social nature of companies, contributes to the preservation and devel- opment of society, and uncompromisingly engages in custom- er-oriented businesses in accordance with the “Customer-centric Principle,” which is the Group’s core management principle. The Group also considers it essential to obtain public trust in the course of business activities, and is working to ensure transpar- ency and fairness in decision-making, and an organizational structure capable of rapidly adapting to changes in the business environment, as well as to enhance appropriate corporate gover- nance to increase corporate value. As a new initiative, the Com- pany established the Cybersecurity Office. in August 2018 to strengthen cybersecurity measures for the entire Group. The SBI Group will endeavor to continuously promote initiatives toward the sophistication of security measures.
The Company has selected an organizational structure with a board of statutory auditors, and established a Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors. The Company’s Board of Direc- tors, consisting of seventeen Directors, with six Outside Directors (as of the end of June 2018), is strengthening its oversight of the appropriateness of the Company’s management. The Board of Directors meets once a month, in principle, to decide important matters and oversee the status of business execution. In addition to Executive Directors including the President, Senior Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Managing Directors and Managing Direc- tors, nine Executive Officers with expertise and insight aligned
Outline of Corporate Governance Structure (As of August 1, 2018)
with the Directors are in charge of business execution.
The Company clearly defines the functions and responsibili- ties of the Executive Directors, Executive Officers, and the Board of Directors, and has put in place an organizational structure capable of rapidly and flexibly adapting to sudden changes in the
business environment.
The Statutory Auditors are responsible for establishing a
high-quality corporate governance system worthy of public trust, by means including auditing the Directors’ performance of duties. The Statutory Auditors ensure collaboration with Outside Direc- tors and Accounting Auditors, and endeavors to realize a more effective corporate governance system.
The Company has published the Corporate Governance Principles in accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, introduced in June 2015, and has released the policy in full on its website. (See URL on page 35)
 Overview of Organization
Configuration
Number of Directors (Outside Directors)
Term of office of Directors
Average age of Directors
Number of Statutory Auditors (Outside Statutory Auditors)
Number of Directors registered as Independent Executives
Company with Board of Statutory Auditors
17 (6)
1 year
56.1 years old
4 (2) 5
Yes
12 93.9%
Election/Dismissal
                         Involvement of Outside Directors in compensation decisions (Yes/No)
Number of Ordinary Board of Directors meetings held per year
Attendance rate at Board of
Directors meetings for Outside Directors
                 Election/Dismissal
Election/Dismissal
General Meeting of Shareholders
Executive Election/ Department Dismissal
Report
Cooperation/Audit
   Report Cooperation
Report
Cooperation
Business Affairs Audit
Cooperation
Audit
Advice/ Recommendation
Board of Directors
       Outside Director Liaison Committee
Report
Representative Directors
   Compliance Officer
Risk Management Officer
Information Security Officer
 Executive Directors/ Executive Officers
    Cooperation
Information Sharing
   Accounting Audit
Report
Internal Auditing Depart- ment
Internal Audit
Legal & Compliance Department
Administrative Departments
    Financial Conglomerate Governance Office
Business Divisions
  Election/ Dismissal
Report/ Management
Election/ Dismissal
Report Management
Appointment/ Dismissal
       Operations Division
   Information Sharing
Internal Control- related Departments
  Cooperation
 34
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
Subsidiaries
Board of Statutory Auditors
Accounting Auditors
Cyber- security Office
Group CSIRT
Business Administration Office

Improving the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
The Company continuously engages in initiatives to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. In June 2018, the Company newly appointed one of the Directors as Chief Tech- nology Officer (CTO) to create a Board structure capable of more in-depth discussion of Group-wide IT strategy. In this way, the Company is working to ensure the effectiveness of corporate governance by invigorating discussions by the Board of Directors.
Evaluation of the Board of Directors: The Company analyzes and evaluates the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. In light of the responses to a questionnaire survey of all Directors and Statutory Auditors concerning the Board of Directors effective- ness conducted in February and March 2018, along with a dis- cussion at the Board of Directors meeting held in March 2018, it was confirmed that the Board of Directors is effectively carrying out its function as a business execution and monitoring organi- zation with free and open discussions and exchange of views between directors with diverse backgrounds. On the other hand, among the points valued in the expressed opinions, in light of technological evolution and the rapid advancement of globaliza- tion and diversification of the Group’s business development, the importance of electing Directors skilled at responding to these developments and of strengthening compliance and risk man- agement systems was emphasized.
Outside Director Liaison Committee: The Company has established the Outside Director Liaison Committee organized around the Independent Outside Directors. The Committee’s purpose is to promote information exchange and common understanding, and to enable the Outside Directors to appro- priately and actively participate in discussions at the Board of Directors meetings from an objective standpoint, and to ensure transparency and objectivity in the decision-making process with respect to the nomination of Director candidates, and the determination of compensation for Directors. To ensure that the Outside Directors can discuss various matters without affecting their independence, officers and employees of the Company are not involved in the quarterly meetings of the Outside Direc- tor Liaison Committee.
The Liaison Committee received reports from the persons responsible at each operating division on various topics, such as trends at overseas subsidiaries, risks that the Biotechnolo- gy-related Business faces, and Group-wide IT controls, and discussed these matters in light of the reports.
 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
http://www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/investors/management/ governance_policy.html
Independence Criteria for Outside Directors
http://www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/investors/management/ governance_policy.html#_02
   Reasons for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Statutory Auditors, and Their Attendance at the Board of Directors Meetings
 Outside Directors
 Independent Executives
 Reason for selection
 Term of office
 Attendance at Board Meetings*
 Teruhide Sato
Mr. Sato has a wealth of experience and deep knowledge of the Internet business, particularly in Asia, gained in activities including participation in the start-up of the Japanese subsidiary of CyberCash (currently VeriTrans).
June 2013—present
11/12
  Ayako Hirota Weissman
            Ms. Weissman has a wealth of experience and deep knowledge gained through involvement in various investment businesses over many years, including equity investments in Japan and abroad.
    June 2015—present
          11/12
       Heizo Takenaka
Mr. Takenaka has a wealth of experience gained in public service as a former Minister of State for Economic and Fiscal Policy and Minister of State for Financial Services, and through his current activities as a professor at universities in Japan and an outside director of a private-sector company.
June 2016—present
11/12
  Hirofumi Gomi
            Mr. Gomi has served as Commissioner of the Financial Services Agency and in other posts, and has a wealth of experience in the general financial sector.
    June 2017—present
          9/10
       Yoshitaka Asaeda
       As a Certified Public Accountant, Mr. Asaeda has global audit experience and has expertise in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) applied by the Company.
 June 2017—present
   10/10
       Yasuhiro Suzuki
Mr. Suzuki has served successively as Representative Director and President of Seven & i Netmedia Co., Ltd., Director & Executive Officer, CIO of Seven & i Holdings and in other posts, and has a wealth of experience in a wide range of fields, including Internet businesses.
June 2017—present
10/10
 Outside Statutory Auditors
 Independent Executives
 Reason for selection
 Term of office
 Board of Directors*
 Board of Statutory Auditors*
 Toru Ichikawa
  Mr. Ichikawa has served as Chief Senior Inspector at the Financial Services Agency and in other posts, and has a wealth of experience in the financial sector.
 June 2017—present
 10/10
 13/13
  Yasuo Sekiguchi
            Mr. Sekiguchi is a certified public accountant and certified tax accountant, and has considerable knowledge concerning finance and accounting.
    June 2014—present
      12/12
       18/18
      *Attendance at the Board of Directors and the Board of Corporate Auditors in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 35

Compensation for Directors
In principle, the Board of Directors determines the amount of compensation for Directors within the total amount of compensa- tion approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders, after the Representative Director has discussed his view on the amount with the Independent Outside Directors.
Policy on Determining Compensation for Directors
(1) The amount of compensation for Directors (excluding bonuses) is determined for each Director by taking into con- sideration the following matters.
• The maximum level of employee salary
• Compensation paid to Directors of the same rank in the past
• The Company’s business performance outlook
• The going rate of compensation for directors
• The degree of contribution to the Company’s business
performance
• The circumstances of accession to office
• Other matters
(2) The amount of bonuses for Directors is determined for each individual Director and is based on the performance of duties of the individual Directors.
(3) The Company nominates as Directors persons who fully rec- ognize their fiduciary duty to shareholders and act in the common interest of the Company and shareholders. Although the Company recognizes that holding shares has a certain incentive effect to further increase motivation to contribute to
the enhancement of medium- to long-term corporate value, in light of the fact that the development of schemes for stock- based compensation is incomplete at this time, the Company will consider measures such as issuing paid-in stock options in a timely and appropriate manner.
(4) Persons eligible for bonuses for Directors are Directors who serve until the ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders for the relevant fiscal year. However, the Company may pay to Directors who have retired before expiration of their terms of office bonuses prorated from the closing of the ordinary Gen- eral Meeting of Shareholders for the previous fiscal year until the time of retirement.
(5) The Company may take measures such as a reduction or partial cutting of compensation for Directors for a specified period of time by a decision of the Board of Directors due to a marked deterioration in business performance or the like. Also, the Company may take measures such as a reduction or partial cutting of compensation for Statutory Auditors by discussion among the Statutory Auditors.
(6) The Company does not provide directors’ retirement benefits.
  Total Compensation for Directors and Statutory Auditors, Total Compensation by Type, and Number of Corresponding Executives
 Executive classification
Total compensation (Millions of yen)
Total compensation by type (Millions of yen)
Number of corresponding executives
 Basic compensation
  Stock options
  Bonuses
  Retirement benefits
  Directors
(Excluding Outside Directors)
 703
235
—
468
—
 11
  Statutory Auditors
(Excluding Outside Statutory Auditors)
  13
 13
 —
 —
 —
  1
  Outside Directors and Statutory Auditors
      102
     96
  —
  6
  —
   14
    36
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Group Management Structure (Role of the Company)
The SBI Group has established the Rules for Management of Affiliated Companies for the purpose of ensuring that SBI Hold- ings, which is a business holding company, and each of its affili- ates, in close mutual cooperation and on the basis of the principle of self-responsibility and market discipline, smoothly execute management, work to increase profit, and contribute to business development as the SBI Group in an integrated manner, and for the purpose of ensuring financial soundness and the appropriate- ness of business operations.
The Financial Conglomerate Governance Dept. engages in the management of affiliates in accordance with the following basic pol- icies set forth in the Rules for Management of Affiliated Companies. (1) While respecting the management autonomy of each affiliate,
pursue efficiency and appropriateness in the management of
the SBI Group as a whole.
(2) Appropriately and rationally solve important management
issues that mutually occur at the Company and its affiliates, as
well as between affiliates.
(3) Make appropriate and rational decisions on transactions
between the Company and affiliates, as well as transactions between affiliates, in accordance with market discipline under the principle of the arm’s length rule.
(4) The Company provides guidance to affiliates and endeavors to foster and strengthen them on the basis of their self-reliant efforts.
(5) The Company, as the SBI Group’s business management company, provides guidance and supervision concerning risk management, compliance and other internal controls in accor- dance with the circumstances and business category of each Group company to ensure financial soundness and the appro- priateness of business operations.
Determination of Compensation for Directors
Mentioned in “III. Basic Policy on the Governance System 1. (3) Com- pensation for Directors.”
http://www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/investors/management/ governance_policy.html

The SBI Group as Viewed by Outside Directors
Corporate Governance
   Outside Director Teruhide Sato The Entire SBI Group is
Advancing to the Next Growth Phase
I believe that the Board of Directors, in line with the SBI Group’s philosophy and strategies, holds appropriate and timely discussions and engages in prompt decision-making concerning short- term, medium-term, and long-term management issues and business opportunities. Also, I have personally experienced that the Group’s indus- try-leading movement toward FinTech is bearing fruit, and that the entire SBI Group is advancing to the next growth phase. I wish to contribute to enhancing the SBI Group’s absolute value and relative strengths, by appropriately imparting my knowledge and related industry trends of the Fin- Tech sector for the Group’s global expansion.
Outside Director Hirofumi Gomi Utilizing Accumulated
Experience in Oversight of Business Execution
While “a company with a board of statutory audi- tors” is a governance structure suited to large- scale companies with wide-ranging business operations, I believe that in the SBI Group this governance model is sufficiently functioning with respect to both human resources and systems. I intend to utilize my experience as an administra- tive official in overseeing financial institutions and financial markets, which require the highest levels of risk management and fiduciary duty, to contrib- ute to the sustained enhancement of the SBI Group’s corporate value and to oversee business execution to ensure that corporate governance functions appropriately.
Outside Director Ayako Hirota Weissman
The Key Challenge is Balancing Existing Businesses and
New Fields
I believe that the key challenge facing the SBI Group, who is capable of becoming a strong pillar in the FinTech sector, is to grow by achieving bal- ance between “selection and concentration” in currently existing business operations and expan- sion into new fields. Also, at a time of worsening human resources shortages, the Group must examine various measures for securing engineers in the FinTech sector. Furthermore, since a suc- cession plan is an extremely important consider- ation, I hope to assist in defining a successor selection process.
Outside Director Yoshitaka Asaeda
Balancing Offense and Defense is Necessary for Corporate Value Enhancement
In view of the SBI Group’s recent overseas expansion and the sudden increase in overseas alliances and new businesses, I think that a future challenge will be the ability to mount a defense every bit as strong as the offense. I believe that increasing intelligence and building a deci- sion-making structure and oversight structure capable of agilely coping with risk are vital aspects of defense. I want to fully utilize my expe- rience and knowledge to achieve balance between the SBI Group’s future growth (offense) and risk management (defense) and strive to enhance corporate value.
Outside Director Heizo Takenaka
Expectations for a More Diverse Board of Directors Composition
The SBI Group has established the Outside Director Liaison Committee, and active, con- structive discussions among the Outside Direc- tors take place at Committee meetings. The Committee promotes interaction among the Out- side Directors, and I believe that it increases the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. At the same time, since the SBI Group conducts busi- ness globally, in the interest of diversity, I hope that foreign and female directors from inside and outside the Group will be respectively elected to the Board.
Outside Director Yasuhiro Suzuki Improvement of
Information Systems is Critical for the SBI Group
As the sense of uncertainty about the social envi- ronment grows and technology increasingly evolves, I believe that the future direction for infor- mation systems is a critical matter for the SBI Group. This is a topic I want to discuss in depth at meetings of the Board of Directors. The Group must freshly consider responses to FinTech, syn- ergies between the systems of Group companies, and firmly respond to security risks, a matter of ever-increasing social responsibility. I want to pro- actively engage in discussions about further improvement of information systems.
   SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 37

Toward a Constructive Dialogue with Investors
Timely and appropriate disclosure of information and sufficient fulfillment of the duty of accountability to shareholders and inves- tors are responsibilities of listed companies, and essential to cor- porate governance. The Company engages in investor relations activities on the basis of four basic premises: 1) establishment of an IR system to promote constructive dialogue with sharehold- ers, 2) ensuring enhanced information disclosure, 3) establish- ment of a timely disclosure system, and 4) appropriate feedback of shareholder and investor opinions to executive management. The Company has instituted the Basic Policy for Constructive Dialogue with Shareholders, to more clearly define the policy on dialogue to build good relations with shareholders and investors through IR activities.
IR Activities (FY2017)
  COLUMN
Fair Disclosure Rules
Previously, there were no rules in Japan to ensure that when listed companies and other issuers of marketable securities provide material inside information to third parties prior to public disclosure, they will also need to fairly disclose the said information to other investors and interested parties as well. However, in April 2018 Fair Disclosure Rules, similar to those previously introduced by major nations in Europe, North America and Asia, went into effect in Japan. In response to this, the Company has reviewed matters such as the defini- tion and concept of material information and the policy on communicating material information to interested parties, and revised the Basic Policy on Information Disclosure.
 Basic Policy on Information Disclosure
http://www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/investors/ management/disclosure.html
   Activity
 Times
 Activity Content
 Financial results briefing for institutional investors and analysts
4
Financial results briefing held quarterly focused on financial performance and outlook
  Non-deal road shows for overseas institutional investors
     3
  Meetings for overseas institutional investors conducted by the President and Executive Officers
  Small meetings for domestic institutional investors
     2
  Small Meetings for domestic institutional investors held semi-annually and conducted by the President and Executive Officers
  Meetings for individual investors
     6
  Meetings held semi-annually at Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya
  Current Management Information Briefing for shareholders
       1
      Briefing held shortly after the General Meeting of Shareholders every June
  Individual meetings for institutional investors and analysts
As required
Meetings held as needed upon request from domestic and overseas institutional investors and analysts
  Uploading of IR materials and videos to the Company website
       As needed
      Posting of timely disclosure materials including financial results, press releases, videos and information on CSR activities
      INVESTOR FAQS AND ANSWER
Background to Positioning the Biotechnology- related Business as a Core Business
Since 2003, the SBI Group has made concentrated investments in the biotechnology sector, which we have positioned as a 21st century growth industry. To build a business portfolio resistant to stock market conditions, in 2007 the Group leveraged biotechnology sector-related expertise and networks accumulated through invest- ments to enter the drug discovery business. The Group has positioned the Biotechnology-related Business as a core business since April 2012, and is nurturing and developing the business, which has now reached the stage of offering tremendous promise for profit.
Position of SBI SAVINGS BANK of South Korea within the Group
The Company converted SBI SAVINGS BANK of South Korea (formerly Hyundai Swiss Savings Bank) into a consolidated sub- sidiary in 2013, following the investment in the bank in 2002 as a venture investment. Since then, SBI SAVINGS BANK has utilized the SBI Group’s knowledge of the banking business and online business development to accumulate performing loans, endeav- ored to decrease its delinquency rate, and rapidly expanded its operations. As a result, it has grown to the point of becoming the Group’s second-largest profit source following SBI SECURITIES.
Since the Company may sell all or part of its interest in SBI SAVINGS BANK in the future, we have positioned it, along with the other overseas financial service businesses, as part of the Asset Management Business.
   38
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Basic Policy for Constructive Dialogue with Shareholders
http://www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/investors/management/ governance_policy.html#_01

Human Resource Management
Focusing on Nurturing Valuable Human Resources and Creating a Working Environment of Respect for
Diversity with the Goal of Enhancing Human Capital Value
Utilization of Diverse Human Resources
The SBI Group emphasizes the importance of individual charac- ter, regardless of nationality, age, gender, or the presence of a mental or physical disability, and applies this to the recruitment process. In Japan, we started recruiting new university graduates in 2006. We also recruit new graduates overseas, with a primary focus on Asia, and have stepped up recruitment of mid-career foreign nationals with advanced technological abilities for posi- tions at systems departments. Also, the Group is becoming increasingly nationality diverse as we pursue global development “from Japan’s SBI to the World’s SBI.” Employees at overseas business sites now account for 22.1% of Group employees.
Percentage of Employees at
Overseas Business Sites (Consolidated)
SBI Holdings is also proactively recruiting women, and 21.7% of persons hired as regular employees in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 were women. Women account for 36.5% of all employees and 22.8% of managers.
Furthermore, in March 2015 abolished the age limit for re-employment after reaching the mandatory retirement age. Through such initiatives, SBI Holdings aspires to be a company where diverse human resources can thrive.
Status of Employment of Women (Non-consolidated)
*1 Includes SBI Holdings employees and seconded employees *2 The ratio of female managers to the total managers
Encouraging Employees to Grow,
Nurturing and Promoting Human Resources
To nurture the talent who will become responsible for the future, the SBI Group has implemented various measures, and has thor- oughly pursued a stance of proactively appointing and promoting superior human resources, regardless of age.
In formulating a career path for employees, while providing a place for self-realization, with the goal of energizing the organiza- tion by making effective use of human resources and putting the
right people in the right place, we have introduced a “career opening system” that features the ability to declare one’s wish to move to one’s desired business within the Group. More than one hundred employees have made career changes through this system to date.
Also, for employees who seek to become senior managers, in April 2015, the SBI Group initiated the Senior Manager Training Program, utilizing the SBI Graduate School that was opened in April 2008 with the full support of the SBI Group, and the com- pletion of this training is a required condition for promotion to becoming a senior manager. A total of 265 employees have completed this training program as of March 31, 2018. Further- more, a two-year or three-year program for dispatching employ- ees to SBI Graduate School has been established for employees who would like to study a wider range of management subjects, and 68 persons have obtained MBA degrees through this pro- gram as of March 31, 2018. The Group contributed more than ¥100 million in education and training expenses in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, mainly for these training costs.
 FY2015FY2016FY201713.6% 18.3%
 22.1%
 COLUMN
A Code of Conduct to
Create a Better Corporate Culture
The SBI Group Compliance Code of Conduct provides the following rule of conduct for creating a better corporate cul- ture: “We respect human rights and engage in no discrimi- natory acts.” Moreover, the Group has established a whistleblowing system for directly reporting violations of laws, regulations, or the Articles of Incorporation or other important compliance-related matters, and the Board of Directors regularly oversees its operation status.
Work Style Reform through Introduction of RPA
The SBI Group is actively proceeding with group-wide intro- duction of robotic process automation (RPA),* and pursuing improvement in business process efficiency and productivity through automation of various routine business processes.
*The use of artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning, a technology by which AI learns through repetition, for the purpose of performing mainly back-office white-collar tasks
    FY2015FY2016FY2017Ratio of female employees34.5%
  35.8%
 36.5%
 Ratio of women in regular recruits*1
36.6%
22.9%
21.7%Ratio of female managers*2    18.3%
    20.4%
  22.8%
 SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 39

Relationship with Society
Maintaining Keen Awareness of Issues Facing the Global Community and Contributing to the Creation of a Sustainable Society through Business Activities
Contributing to the Maintenance and Development of Society
Basic Approach
The SBI Group’s basic approach to business is to contribute to the maintenance and development of society while seeking har- mony with various stakeholders as a constituent member of soci- ety. The basis for this approach is not the profit motive, but rather a belief in contributing to a society that is fair, comfortable, envi- ronmentally friendly and safe. In keeping with this belief, the Group aspires to be a strong, respected company that not only pursues commercialization opportunities and practices that uphold the principle of social justice, but also actively engages in direct social contribution activities (CSR activities).
Toward Achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the core of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development adopted by the United Nations in 2015, are attracting increasing interest in Japan and overseas as goals pursued by the global community.
Implementing the SDGs requires government organizations, businesses and citizens to join together in addressing climate change, economic inequality and other issues facing the global community, promoting sustainable consumption and production, and working toward peace.
Ever since the SBI Group was founded, we have sought to fulfill our corporate social responsibility and contribute to the main- tenance and development of society through business activities and CSR activities. This contributes to achieving the SDGs. The Group will continue to embrace the SDGs and respect other inter- national norms, and always engage in business activities from a global perspective.

Contributing to Society through Businesses Activities
Contributing to the Fostering of New Industries and Technological Innovation
One of the SBI Group’s corporate missions is to become a “New Industry Creator,” and we engage in investment business to achieve this mission. Ever since the Group was founded, we have made focused investments in growth sectors that will become next-generation core industries: IT, biotechnology, envi- ronment and energy, and FinTech. In particular, in the IT sector, where technological progress is rapid, we have set up funds that have targeted key investment sectors in response to changes in the times and technology. We started in the 1990s with investments in the U.S. Internet-related companies, and in 2000 we set up a venture capital fund that was the largest in Japan at the time (¥150.5 billion in total commitment amount), contributing to the development of many domestic Internet-re- lated companies. Since then, we have continued to invest in and support companies involved in businesses such as commu- nications infrastructure, mobile communications, smartphones and FinTech.
On the other hand, we entered the biotechnology sector in 2003, investing in a drug discovery startup company and engag- ing in support activities. We have since set up multiple funds and provided assistance to biotechnology companies as well as life science and healthcare-related companies. In this way, we actively assist companies that will shape the society of the future and contribute to the fostering of new industries and technologi- cal innovation.

The Spread of Renewable Energy and Regional Development
As electric power generation using renewable energy sources increases worldwide, in Japan, in addition to solar and wind power, the introduction of energy generated by effectively utilizing local resources such as geothermal heat, small-scale hydropower, and biomass is attracting attention as an important means of sup- porting the local economies of tomorrow. Currently, SBI ENERGY engages in solar power generation and is developing solar sharing (agricultural solar power generation, a system for operating a solar power generation business while continuing to farm the land), small-scale hydropower and small-scale wind power generation. Through such power generation projects, SBI ENERGY promotes the utilization of local resources and natural energy, contributes to the creation of sustainable communities by increasing energy self-sufficiency and encouraging local production for local con- sumption, and helps invigorate local economies.

Contributing to Regional Economies through Solving the Challenges Facing Regional Financial Institutions
Uncertainty in the business environment surrounding regional financial institutions is expected to continue. This includes the negative interest rate policy, the emergence of new financial ser- vices as a result of technological innovation, and the arrival of an aging society. Accordingly, the SBI Group is utilizing the FinTech technologies and expertise we possess as a comprehensive financial group to support regional financial institutions and implement regional revitalization projects. If the asset manage- ment capabilities and product development capabilities of regional financial institutions improve as a result of utilization of the SBI Group’s wide-ranging operational resources, these insti- tutions will be able to contribute to steady asset formation by local residents. If this in turn stimulates consumption and invest- ment by local residents, it will lead to revitalization of regional economies. In this way, through support for regional financial institutions, the SBI Group will contribute to the creation of a vir- tuous cycle that contributes to regional revitalization.

Initiatives to Alleviate Poverty and Solving Environmental Problems in Emerging Countries
The SBISL Telematics Loan Fund, operated by SBI Social Lend- ing, uses a social lending mechanism to lend money for use of business funds to companies in the Philippines that sell three- wheeled taxis equipped with the Mobility Cloud Connecting System (MCCS) on an installment basis. Installation of the MCCS, a device developed by Global Mobility Service, makes it possible to remotely control vehicle engines and acquire vehicle position information.
As a general rule, a lack of credit information agencies and other factors in emerging countries limit access to installment loans and other financial services. Meanwhile, the MCCS is expected to lead to increases in customers eligible for installment loans and the number of people working as drivers. Also, in the Philippines, where environmental pollution is a serious social prob- lem, this business will promote purchasing of low-exhaust vehicles to replace older vehicles. In this way, this is a socially beneficial ini- tiative that improves the standard of living of Filipinos and contrib- utes to environmental conservation.

Supporting Abused or Neglected Children
The SBI Group has been actively engaged in direct social contri- butions, in order to return the profits it earns through its busi- nesses to society. In 2010, the SBI Children’s Hope Foundation was authorized by the Office of the Prime Minister of Japan as a public interest incorporated foundation. The Foundation under- takes activities to support abused or neglected children to become self-reliant, and to improve their welfare. Its wide range of activities include the donation of funds to improve conditions at facilities that care for abused or
neglected children, and the provi-
sion of practical training programs
for care providers at the facilities.
As of the fiscal year ended March
31, 2018, the cumulative donations
amounted to approximately ¥1,010
million. The Foundation also sup-
ports the Orange Ribbon Campaign
for prevention of child abuse, and
officers and employees of the SBI
Group are engaged in public aware-
ness campaigns.

Contributing to People’s Health Management
SBI Wellness Bank, which provides membership-based health management support services, is partnered with and supports the operation of Tokyo International Clinic. The Clinic provides safe, high-quality medical care services, centering around premium comprehensive medical examinations across a wide range of medical fields, including internal medicine (cardiovascular, diges- tive organs, respiratory disease, endocrine), cranial nerve surgery, gynecology, breast surgery, dentistry and plastic surgery. Further- more, the Clinic is promoting optimal medical care for patients by establishing a framework for medical collaboration with the Univer- sity of Tokyo Hospital and other institutions. SBI Wellness Bank cooperates with the
                         Clinic to contribute to more proactive health management, by put- ting forward a total package covering the three areas of preven- tive care, medical treatment and age management.

Consolidated Financial Highlights 6-year Summary
Adopted IFRSs from the year ended March 31, 2013   Operating revenue / Revenue*
                 Total assets
          Equity attributable to owners of the Company
          Net cash generated from (used in) operating activities
          Net cash generated from (used in) investing activities
         Net cash generated from (used in) financing activities
          Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
           *Beginning with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the income categories “Operating revenue” and “Other financial income” have been eliminated,
and the amounts have been combined and presented as “Revenue.” Figures for the years ended March 31, 2013 to March 31, 2015 are “Operating revenue.”
               Financial Services Business
                 Revenue
Asset Management Business
 Biotechnology-related Business
          Others
         Elimination or Corporate
             Financial Services Business
         Profit before income tax expense
Asset Management Business
         Biotechnology-related Business
         Others
          Elimination or Corporate
            *Certain subsidiaries, including BroadBand Security, which were included in the Asset Management Business until the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, are now included in the Financial Services Business from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
Consequently, segment information for the year ended March 31, 2017 has been restated in accordance with the new basis of segmentation.
Also, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2013 to 2016, whereas there are Group companies that were transferred from one segment to another, the abovementioned figures reflect disclosed figures for each fiscal year, so there may be some discrepancies.
*Represents the substantive equity ratio, calculated by subtracting customer asset accounts (that is, asset accounts for margin transaction assets, cash segregated as deposits, etc.) and liability accounts (margin transaction liabilities, guarantee deposits received, and deposits from customers, etc.) held by the Company’s subsidiary SBI SECURITIES.
PER=FY end TSE closing price/Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company PBR=FY end TSE closing price/Equity per share attributable to owners of the Company
Note: The closing price for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥2,433.
*As part of the shareholder returns, the amount of treasury stock acquired relevant to the business performance for each fiscal year are stated.
In addition, the Company acquired treasury stock of ¥ 951.9 billion during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, but it is not stated on the table since it was not realized for the purpose of shareholder returns.
           Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the Company to total assets
          Substantive ratio of equity attributable to owners of the Company to total assets*
         Ratio of profit to equity attributable to owners of the Company (ROE)
                     Equity per share attributable to owners of the Company (BPS)
          Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company (EPS)
          Dividend per share
                    PER (Price-earnings ratio)
         PBR (Price-book-value ratio)
                     Total dividend
          Share repurchase amount*
         Total shareholder returns
                     Total shareholder returns ratio
                    Employees
         42
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Years ended March 31
   Profit before income tax expense
     Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company
    
 2013
 2014
 2015
 2016
 2017
  2018
                                         154,285
15,022 3,817
2,494,387 303,299
(36,984)
(19,060) 25,699
133,362
113,340 33,011
970
9,240
(2,276) 18,741
6,259 (3,900) 1,659 (7,737)
12.2
22.9 1.3
1,401.39
17.58 10
47.27 0.6
2,170
0
2,170
56.9
5,007
232,822 38,899 21,439
2,875,304
325,631
29,401
16,811 92,538
276,221
147,835 72,725
2,195
11,626
245,045 63,067
45,721 3,400,763 383,491
(36,197)
52,305
(15,524) 290,826
162,645 65,843 2,182
15,710
261,744 52,227 34,115
3,126,784 371,590
32,478
11,179
(76,230) 248,050
159,012
98,725 4,021
2,259
(2,273)
50,458 17,996
(6,572)
(835)
(8,820)
11.9
21.7 9
1,792.08
160.83
45
7.11 0.6
9,393
5,000
14,393
42.2 5,480
261,939 43,139
32,455
3,850,001
377,992 (17,952)
2,437
159,467
391,572
179,941
77,441 5,530
883
(1,856)
48,932 13,861
(9,574) (830) (9,250)
9.8
18.3 8.7
1,856.47
159.38
50
9.74 0.8
10,153 8,000
18,153
55.9
4,455
(Millions of yen)
337,017 71,810 46,684
4,535,964 427,815
(33,235) 7,881 74,575 437,148
(Millions of yen)
217,272 117,572 4,199 1,213
(3,239) 63,888 56,491
(37,252) (1,328) (9,989)
9.4 16.7 11.6
1,937.72 220.54 85
(Times)
11.03 1.3
(Millions of yen)
18,711 0 18,711
40.1
(Persons)
5,391
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (1,559) (1,335)
37,298 67,309
8,990 8,132 (2,432) (7,310)
2,438 2,779 (7,395) (7,843)
                                                                                                                                     11.3
22.2 6.8
1,504.19
99.04
20
12.56 0.8
4,340
0
4,340
20.2 5,352
11.3
22.2 12.9
1,771.19
211.18
35
6.89 0.8
7,594
10,000
17,594
38.5
6,094
(%)
(Yen)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (%)
                                                                        SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 43

Fact Sheet
 Financial Services Business’ Key Indicators
Full-year Profit before Income Tax Expense of the Major Businesses of the Financial Services Business (based on IFRSs)
  Unit
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2017
     ¥ million ¥ million ¥ million
¥ million ¥ million
34,828 37,850
4,741 5,200
1,496 1,751
5,196 3,385 [9,998] [8,413]
28 264
33,043 46,169
5,734 5,188
1,975 2,768
3,185 3,770 [9,873] [10,447]
1,881 2,263
3,840 4,261 276 422
452 538 974 1,197
10.8 12.9 2.9 3.0
34.7 35.1 35.9 36.4
799 1,001 1,323 1,675 4,215 5,181
77 75
13 6 276.2 372.7 906 1,066 386 414
801,279 1,105,023
11,623
1,369
31
1,622 [4,779]
(5,111)
33,344
3,160
1,062
2,062 [7,116]
(3,600)
2,944
335 302 318
299 362 415
416 640 821 7.6 9.4 9.5 2.4 2.6 2.6
                                                                                 Securities
  Unit
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
        Accounts
    Net increase in accounts
    Accumulated number of accounts via SBI Sumishin Net Bank
    NISA accounts
   Customer deposit assets
   Commission rate
    Share of individual stock brokerage trading value*3
    Share of individual stock brokerage margin trading value*3
    Open interest credit balance
    Investment trust balance
   Investment trust fees
    Number of IPO underwriting*4
   Number of lead managed underwritings
    Capital adequacy ratio
    FX accounts (SBI Group*5)
   Number of SBI MONEY PLAZA location
    SBI MONEY PLAZA’s customer deposit assets
  Thousands 2,609 Thousands 221
Thousands — Thousands —
3,246 3,564
                                                                                ¥ trillion Basis point
%
%
¥ billion ¥ billion ¥ million Companies
6.4 3.4
32.6
34.9
517
33.8
36.5
691
844 2,939 42
323.4 470 361
405,478
34.5 35.3
36.2 37.3
787 678 1,155 1,216 3,771 4,391
                                                                                                    722 2,210 42 Companies 5
73 82 5 8 8
                                                                                % Thousands Locations
¥ million
383.5 325 —
—
318.6 377.0 612 760 393 380
561,270 698,358
                                                             History of SBI SECURITIES
  Internet trading services started at E*TRADE SECURITIES (currently SBI SECURITIES) Changed company name to SBI SECURITIES
Became a wholly owned subsidiary of SBI Holdings
Split the face-to-face division of SBI SECURITIES to SBI MONEY PLAZA
        Established SBI BITS, a system developer
SBI Liquidity Market, which covers FX, and its subsidiary SBI FXTRADE were made 100% subsidiaries
SBI Benefit Systems, which conducts record keeping business of a defined contribution pension, was made a subsidiary
SBI MONEY PLAZA became a wholly owned subsidiary
       44
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
FY2015
FY2016
    SBI SECURITIES (non-consolidated)
    FX business*1
    SBI MONEY PLAZA
   SBI Sumishin Net Bank
[Net income based on JGAAP]
    Insurance business*2
 Period
Event
   1999
 2008
October
     July
    August
      2012
June
     2015
July
   October
      2016
October
      2017
June
  
Banking
  Unit
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
        Accounts
    Net increase in accounts
    Accumulated number of accounts via SBI SECURITIES
    Deposits*6
    Deposits (hybrid deposit)
   Deposits (foreign currency)
    Cumulative total of housing loans*7
    Balance of consumer loans
   Asset management yield
    Financial arrangements yield
    Spread for fund interest rate
   Loan-deposit rate (term-end balance)
    Consolidated capital adequacy ratio (based on domestic standards)
  Thousands 1,647 1,974 2,308 2,586 Thousands 278 327 334 277
Thousands 557 695 820 956
2,827 3,210 242 383
1,073 1,259 4,006.8 4,426.0
1,386.1 1,450.1 173.9 246.0 729.3 697.0 290.8 302.1
0.85 0.83 0.14 0.14 0.70 0.68
58.72 71.96 11.11 9.35
937 1,001 108 109 57 70 15 15 509 540 96.7 91.9 82.5 80.7 14.2 11.2 1,165.5 1,172.2 131,484 125,348 103,400 98,049
                                                            2,691.0 3,076.7 3,576.1 3,446.8 639.2 832.8 1,207.5 1,140.7 133.3 155.4 159.1 160.2 343.3 394.3 502.5 471.7 165.6 211.1 239.5 279.9
1.10 1.06 1.08 0.90 0.40 0.33 0.31 0.22 0.70 0.72 0.77 0.68
41.97 45.11 50.83 60.27 9.79 10.06 8.89 9.80
542 654 744 840 — — 117 110 32 32 39 47 11 12 13 13 — — — —
                                                                                                                                                                                     Insurance
¥ billion ¥ billion ¥ billion ¥ billion ¥ billion %
% % %
%
Thousands Thousands Thousands Thousands Thousands %
¥ million — — 156,453 140,281 ¥ million — — 126,271 110,762
  Unit
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
        Number of contracts (SBI Insurance)
    Number of contracts (SBI Life Insurance)
    Number of contracts (SBI IKIIKI SSI)
   Number of contracts (SBI Resta SSI)*8
    Number of contracts (Nihon SSI)
   Combined ratio (SBI Insurance)
    Direct loss ratio
    Direct operating expenses ratio
   Solvency margin ratio (SBI Life Insurance)
    Total Assets (SBI Life Insurance)
    Balance of legal reserve (SBI Life Insurance)
                                                                                                      103.3 98.8 100.4 104.7 % 69.9 72.4 77.6 86.1 % 33.4 26.4 22.8 18.6 %— — 1,120.3 1,299.3
                                                                                                     *1 Simple total of profit before income tax expense at SBI Liquidity Market and SBI FXTRADE.
*2 Simple total of profit before income tax expense at the SBI Insurance Group and the insurance companies under its auspices
*3 Calculated by dividing each company’s individual stock trading value or individual margin trading value, with the total individual stock trading value and individual margin trading value of
the 1st and 2nd section of the Tokyo and Nagoya Stock Exchange, including that of ETF and REIT trading value, respectively
*4 Totals apply to the issues underwritten in Japan, and do not include additional secondary offerings or overseas issues.
*5 Total accounts at SBI FXTRADE, SBI SECURITIES and SBI Sumishin Net Bank
*6 Figures of SBI Sumishin Net Bank (non-consolidated).
*7 Cumulative total is the total of the individual loan execution amounts for housing loans (MR. Housing Loan, Affiliate housing loan) sold by SBI Sumishin Net Bank; housing loans (Internet
Exclusive Housing Loan) sold by SBI Sumishin Net Bank as an agent for Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank; housing loans (MR. Housing Loan REAL) sold as an agent of our company by
Good Mortgage, SBI MONEY PLAZA, ARUHI, MX Mobiling, and I. F. CREATE; and Flat 35.
*8 Number of contracts for Earthquake Indemnity Insurance Resta
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 45

 Asset Management Business’ Key Indicators
Full-year Profit before Income Tax Expense of the Asset Management Business (based on IFRSs)
                        SBI SAVINGS BANK*1
¥ million ¥ million
KRW billion KRW billion %
%
¥ million
¥ million Companies
8,421 9,417 — 4,011
— 1,520.0 — 843.4 — 46.1
— 21.1
174,846 201,202 30,607 24,131 12 12
(4,315) 16,225 16,672 5,846
2,258.4 3,022.2 1,025.1 1,669.6 26.8 16.2
16.5 8.5
191,623 183,276 19,631 27,930 14 16
6,836 5,649
4,106.5 2,650.9 8.8
5.0
152,765 41,762 15
44,409 14,018
5,029.6 3,159.6 5.3
4.2
218,825 56,540 13
 159
  19
 113
  10
  18
  12
  42
   9
  27
409
                                                               Private Equity Investment
                                           The Breakdown of Asset Under Management, including Private Equity Investment (As of March 31, 2018)
 Breakdown by industry
Amount (¥ million)
Companies
   IT/Internet
  Biotechnology/Health/ Medical
  Services
  Materials/Chemicals
    Environmental/Energy
  Retail/Food
    Construction/Real estate
  Machine/Automobile
  Finance
  Others
 Total
  Breakdown by region
Amount (¥ million)
Companies
   Japan
  China
  South Korea
  Taiwan
    Southeast Asia
  India
    U.S.
  Europe
  Others
 Total
   65,881 174
19,432 57
16,464 39
5,410 11
13,318 9
7,489 21
1,095 4
11,348 24
65,890 44
12,497 26
218,825 409
68,783
22,795
44,690
1,366
22,623
5,407
35,230
6,017
11,913
218,825
                                                                        46
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
*1 *2 *3
Figures stated for FY2013 and later, because SBI SAVINGS BANK became a subsidiary in March 2013.
Total invested through direct investment by the SBI Group, and consolidated investment funds operated by the SBI Group.
For investment balances, direct investments are valuated at fair value, and investments by consolidated investment funds are valuated at market price for listed stocks and at acquisition cost for unlisted stocks without a market price. (Those that have undergone impairment processing will be valuated at the total amount after impairment processing.)
Unit
FY2012
FY2013
FY2017
    FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2014
FY2015
FY2015
FY2016
    Profit/loss from the change in fair value, and profit/loss on sales of investment securities
    SBI SAVINGS BANK*1
  Unit
FY2016
FY2017
        Balance of performing loans
    of which, balance of retail performing loans
    Delinquency ratio
    of which, delinquency ratio of retail performing loans
  Unit
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
        Assets under management of the Group*2, 3
    Investment amount
    Exit
 
 Accounting Policies of the Asset Management Business
Below, we explain in detail the accounting policies of the Asset Management Business in response to questions we have received from stakeholders.
1. Changes in the fair value of financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
Owing to SBI Holdings’ adoption of IFRSs for its accounting standards, the fair value of financial instruments (operating investment securities and other investment securities), including stocks of portfolio companies which the Asset Management Business holds, will be reviewed each quarter.
The fair value of marketable securities is estimated using market prices. The fair value of securities without a market price, such as unlisted stocks, may in some cases be calculated using a market approach, cost approach, or in other cases the most recent transac- tion price for an issuance of new shares to a third party may be used.
If a change is made to the fair value of a financial instrument, the following accounting policy takes effect.
Accounting policies for calculating the fair value of portfolio companies
Example: The fair value of a portfolio company increases by 20% during a quarter.
(Billions of yen) Fair value 10.0 12.0
(1) If the investment is from a wholly owned subsidiary of SBI Holdings
(Billions of yen) Revenue 2.0
(2) If the investment is from a consolidated fund (ownership ratio in the fund: 20%)
(Billions of yen) Revenue 2.0
Profit before income tax 2.0 expense
Tax (30%) -0.12
Profit for the period 1.88
Profit attributable to 0.28 owners of the Company
Non-controlling interests 1.6
UP ¥ 2.0 billion
Fact Sheet
  1Q FY2017
2Q FY2017
  2Q FY2017
 2Q FY2017
   Profit before income tax expense
Tax (30%)
Profit for the period
Profit attributable to owners of the Company
Non-controlling interests
2.0
-0.6
1.4
1.4 —
¥2.0 billion × 80% (non-controlling interests) = ¥1.6 billion
                      2. Management fees of a consolidated fund for which the SBI Group serves as a general partner (GP)
For management fees of a consolidated fund for which the SBI Group serves as a GP, the following accounting policy takes effect.
Accounting policy for management fees paid from a consolidated fund
Example: SBI Holdings owns 20% of a ¥100 billion fund (with a 5% management fee) for which SBI Investment serves as a GP.
For convenience, we show a simple example of the accounting policy relating to the management fees incurred, and present part of the accounting process in abbreviated form.
 (Billions of yen)
SBI Holdings + SBI Investment
Revenue 5.0 Expense 0.0
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen) Revenue 0.0
Expense 0.0
Profit before income tax 0.0 expense
Tax (tax rate 30%) -1.2
Profit -1.2
¥100.0 billion × 5% = ¥5.0 billion
                             Profit before income tax expense
Tax (30%)
Profit 3.8
Offset as an internal transaction
Revenue 0.0
Expense -5.0
Profit before income -5.0 tax expense
Tax 0.0 Profit -5.0
5.0
Fund
Consolidated P/L
              -1.2
                *Furthermore, within the funds for which the SBI Group serves as GP, CVC funds et al, for which the SBI Group’s ownership ratio is extremely low, as a result of not being subject to consolidation, their management fees are recognized as revenue.
Tax expense relating to the ownership portion in the fund −2.0 billion × 20% × 30% = −¥0.12 billion
(¥2.0 billion × 20% (ownership ratio in the fund)) − ¥0.12 billion (taxes) = ¥0.28 billion
Profit attributable to owners of the Company
Non-controlling interests
2.8 -4.0
 Within the tax expense (-¥1.5 billion) relating to management fees at SBI Investment and management fees (expense) paid by the fund: total tax expense (owing to the omission of ¥0.3 billion for the effect of reduced taxes) relating to the ownership portion (20%) for SBI Holdings:
* −¥1.5 billion + (¥5.0 billion × 20% × 30%) = −¥1.2 billion
       SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 47

 Biotechnology-related Business’ Performance and Pipeline
Full-year Profit before Income Tax Expense of the Major Businesses of the Biotechnology-related Business (based on IFRSs)*1
  ¥ million ¥ million ¥ million ¥ million ¥ million
(432) (7,902) 42 40 55
Further receipt of milestone payments in accordance with development progress is also expected
Carna Biosciences entered into an out-licensing agreement with Sierra Oncology. Further receipt of milestone payments in accordance with development progress is also expected
The subsidy period of AMED’s (Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development) project of promoting support for drug discovery on orphan drugs ended in March 2018. Next steps under review, based on the research results of the subsidy period
Fully utilizing the advantages of the development concept, we are continuously engaged in discussing and negotiating with several companies for out-licensing possibilities
(821) (611)
(724) (721) (1,868) (1,083) (240) (176) — —
(637) (1,436) (1,220) (426) —
Phase I
Pre-clinical (Kyowa Hakko Kirin promoting development)
(297) (2,572) (1,425) (587) 38
737 (8,270) 91 (233) (41)
                                                                                 *1 Excluding impairment losses from drug pipeline, etc.
*2 photonamic became a consolidated subsidiary in January 2016.
SBI Biotech’s Major Drug Discovery Pipeline Progress
Viela Bio* Myositis (Sept. 2008)
Kyowa Hakko Kirin Autoimmune (Dec. 2016) diseases
A single-dose Phase I study
and the results are being analyzed
 Licensing partner (timing)
Target disease
Progress
     MEDI7734 (Anti-ILT7 antibody)
    SBI-9674
                   Cdc7 inhibitor
Carna Biosciences (May 2014)
Cancers
Pre-clinical (plan to apply for clinical trial in 2018)
                        GNKS356
Independently
Autoimmune diseases (Psoriasis / Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE))
Pre-clinical
                     SBI-3150
Independently
Autoimmune diseases (Various diseases caused by pDC / activated B cells)
Pre-clinical
         was completed,
               *A new company specializing in inflammation and autoimmune disease, spun out from MedImmune, a subsidiary of AstraZeneca
Quark Pharmaceuticals’ Major Drug Discovery Pipeline Progress
 QPI-1002
Licensing partner
Target disease
Progress
      Total milestone payments: USD670 million (including pre-receipt)
    QPI-1007
                  PF-655
Pfizer
Glaucoma, Diabetic macular edema (DME) and Age-related macular degeneration (AMD)
Phase Ila (Completion)
         Novartis International AG
Biocon of India
Delayed graft function in kidney transplantation (DGF)
Acute kidney injury (AKI)
Non-arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy (NAION)
Phase III Phase III Phase III
Conducting final clinical trials at 75 facilities, mainly in the U.S., as well as in Canada, Germany, Brazil and other countries.
Initiated Phase III clinical trials in July 2018. Planning to conduct clinical trials by expanding the scale to 115 facilities worldwide.
Conducting final Phase III clinical trials at 66 facilities, mainly in the U.S. and Europe.
Preparing clinical trial for the next step
                    48
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
Unit
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
     SBI Biotech
FY2016
FY2017
     Quark Pharmaceuticals
  SBI Pharmaceuticals
    SBI ALApromo
  photonamic*2
 
SBI Pharmaceuticals’ Major Drug Discovery Pipeline Progress
Launch and out-licensing (Total 5 cases)
“ALAGLIO® Oral 1.5g,” photodynamic diagnostic agent for brain tumor treatment (malignant glioma) (Launched in September 2013) Therapeutic drugs for diabetes and malaria infection (to Neopharma, UAE pharmaceutical company, in October 2016)
“ALAGLIO® Divided Granules 1.5g,” photodynamic diagnostic agent for bladder cancer treatment (carcinoma vesicae) (Launched in Japan in December 2017 by Chugai Pharmaceuticals, which was granted exclusive domestic marketing rights)
Pharmaceuticals including “ALAGLIO® Divided Granules 1.5g” in the territory of MENA and India (to Neopharma, in March 2018)
Fields
Pipeline projects
Fact Sheet
  Prospects for the next three years
   Completed Phase III / Out-licensing
   Completed Phase II
   Completed Phase III / Out-licensing
   Conducting Phase II
   Conducting Phase II
     Phase I
Phase II
Phase III
Application
                  Diagnostic agent (PDD)
1 Peritoneal dissemination of gastric cancer*
2 Cisplatin nephropathy protection
3 Mitochondrial diseases*
4 Cardiac ischemia- reperfusion injury*
Brain tumors*
5 (by photonamic, a wholly
owned subsidiary)
Phase II is underway
y
Considering an out-licensing
Scheduled by Oxford University and Birming- ham University Hospital in the U.K.
Preparation for Phase III is underway
                                 Drug to treat
                             Photodynamic therapy (iPDT)
  *Investigator-led trial
Patents Obtained Since 2016 by SBI Pharmaceuticals (Japan)*
 Invention thesis
Phase III is underwa
   Preparation for Phase II is underway
   Preparation for Phase II is underway
Registration date
Co-applicants
    An agent for treating and preventing cancer anemia
Feb. 12, 2016
Feb. 12, 2016
Feb. 12, 2016
Feb. 19, 2016
Feb. 26, 2016
Mar. 25, 2016
Apr. 1, 2016
Apr. 22, 2016
Apr. 22, 2016
May 20, 2016
Aug. 5, 2016
Dec. 2, 2016
Dec. 2, 2016
Dec. 9, 2016
Feb. 17, 2017
July 14, 2017
July 21, 2017
Jan. 26, 2018
Feb. 23, 2018
Single application
Single application
Tokyo Institute of Technology
Single application
Single application
National Center for Child Health and Development
National Center for Child Health and Development
Tokushima Univ.
The Univ. of Tokyo
Kanazawa Univ. and Tokushima Univ.
Kumamoto Univ. and Univ. of Occupational and Envi- ronmental Health
Osaka City Univ. Kochi Univ.
Nihon Univ. Single application
National Center for Child Health and Development
Tokyo Univ. of Agriculture
Yamagata Univ.
National Center For Child Health And Development
      An agent for the treatment and prevention of chronic kidney disease
      Photodynamic diagnosis agent and photobleaching-prevention agent
      Photodynamic therapy using a photosensitizer or 5-ALAs
        Device to identify cancer metastasis in the sentinel lymph node
      Immune tolerance inducer
        Enhancer of survival of transplanted organ
      Prophylactic/therapeutic agent for influenza virus infection
      Prophylactic and/or therapeutic agent for radiation damage
        PDT effect enhancing agent
      Nuclear magnetic resonance diagnostic agent, and method for detecting or diagnosing state of cell, tissue or organ in subject using same
      Medicinal composition for promoting synthesis of protoporphyrin ix
        Treatment agent and/or prophylactic agent for side effects of cancer drugs
      Prophylactic agent and/or therapeutic agent for sepsis
      Cancerous anemia improvement and preventive agent
         Immune tolerance induction accelerator
         Frataxin enhancers
        Normal incidence enhancing agent of a fertilized egg
        Organ preservation solution
  *26 patents were acquired by the end of 2015. Patents held by SBI Pharmaceuticals number 45 in Japan, of which 29 are also held overseas.
Current status
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 49

50
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Management Discussion and Analysis
Analysis of Business Results for the Fiscal Year
In the business environment surrounding the SBI Group during the fiscal year, corporate profits, employment and income all improved in Japan, along with general signs of a recovery in household consumption. Meanwhile, legislation that reduced taxes in the U.S. provided some stimulus, and this created favor- able conditions for the stock market, leading to a November rise in the Nikkei stock average to above the JPY 23,000 mark for the first time in 26 years. However, concerns then appeared, as long-term interest rates rose in the U.S. and international trade frictions deepened, which caused instability to appear in stock prices and foreign exchange rates. The economic outlook remained uncertain, and there were severe price movements in the markets. Overseas, along with uncertainties surrounding the U.S. administration’s policy actions and monetary policy, the Chinese economy had a moderate slowdown, and political wor- ries surfaced in the Middle East. On the other hand, consumption and investment were stimulated by the major tax reform in the U.S., raising prospects for an economic expansion. Under these circumstances, our business performance for the fiscal year con- sisted of a 28.7% year-on-year increase in revenue to ¥337,017 million, a 66.5% increase in profit before income tax expense to ¥71,810 million, and a 43.8% increase in profit for the year attrib- utable to owners of the Company to ¥46,684 million.
Financial Services Business
The Financial Services Business revenue rose 20.7% year-on- year to ¥217,272 million, and profit before income tax expense rose 30.6% year-on-year to ¥63,888 million.
At SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd., the total number of accounts at the end of the fiscal year rose by 422 thousand as compared to the previous fiscal year, to approximately 4,260 thousand accounts, as healthy expansion of the customer base continued. In terms of performance, brokerage commissions for the com- pany increased 21.3% from the previous fiscal year, due to the strong performance of a 22.4% increase in the total individual stock brokerage trading value for Japan’s two markets (TSE and NSE). Also, as a result of a solid expansion in balances for margin trading and investment trusts, financial revenues and investment trust fees had a substantial increase. As a result of these factors, profit before income tax expense (based on IFRSs) rose 39.7% year-on-year to ¥46,169 million.
SBI Insurance Co., Ltd. continued to see significant growth in the number of contracts for auto insurance, and a cost reduc- tion effort led to an increase in profit before income tax expense (based on IFRSs) of 50.8% year-on-year to ¥199 million.
At SBI Sumishin Net Bank, Ltd., a company accounted for by the equity method, the number of accounts at the end of the fiscal year had a solid growth to 3,210 thousand accounts, and the deposit balance was ¥4,425.2 billion. As a result, investment income under the equity method was up 18.4% year-on-year to ¥3,770 million. The bank's consolidated earnings (based on JGAAP) consisted of a 5.6% year-on-year increase in ordinary revenue to ¥61,158 million, a 5.2% increase in ordinary income to ¥15,474 mil- lion, and a 5.8% increase in profit attributable to owners of the Company to ¥10,447 million. All three items represent record highs.
Asset Management Business
In the Asset Management Business, revenue rose 51.8% year- on-year to ¥117,572 million, and profit before income tax expense increased 307.6% to ¥56,491 million. In the fiscal year, there was a moderate rebound worldwide in the number of newly listed companies, with 79 companies in Japan (excluding the number of listings on the TOKYO PRO Market) newly listed. As for the Group’s IPOs and M&A deals, there were five in Japan and eight overseas for a total of 13 investee company deals. Earnings in the overall Asset Management Business received solid contributions from the inclusion of a large profit arising from changes in fair value centered on FinTech-related portfolios invested through the FinTech Business Innovation Investment Limited Partnership (FinTech Fund), and from the completion of a stable revenue base through healthy increases in the balance of performing loans at SBI SAVINGS BANK of South Korea, which became a consolidated subsidiary in March 2013.
Biotechnology-related Business
In the Biotechnology-related Business, revenue fell 24.1% year-on-year to ¥4,199 million, and loss before income tax expense was ¥37,252 million, following a loss of ¥9,574 million in the previous fiscal year. Factors for the fiscal year loss was due to recognition of impairment losses of a total of ¥27 bil- lion, which mainly comes from two of our entities. One was at Quark Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which revised its business plan with a focus on the upcoming IPO that the company is prepar- ing for on the NASDAQ market in the U.S. The second was at Kubota Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd., a company accounted for under the equity method, and was made in light of the announced results of clinical trials for its drug develop- ment pipeline.
On the positive side, SBI Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., which oversees the core of the 5-Aminolevulinic Acid (5-ALA)-related business, achieved its second consecutive full-year profit. This result was enabled by the start of sales of “ALAGLIO® Divided Granules 1.5g” treatment for bladder cancer by Chugai Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. under domestic exclusive marketing rights that we provided, and by the out-licensing of pipeline drugs to Neopharma LLC, a pharmaceuticals manufacturer and distributor based in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), for the sale of drugs containing 5-ALA in the MENA and Indian regions. Also, SBI ALApromo Co., Ltd. capitalized on the start of sales in December 2015 of “ALAplus Tou (Sugar) Down,” the first food with functional claims that contains 5-ALA, by increasing the number of stores handling 5-ALA related products. In addition, it started sales of foods with functional claims using non-5-ALA components, and enriched its product offerings with supple- ments containing 5-ALA. As a result, SBI ALApromo Co., Ltd. achieved its first full-year profit since its founding.
Cash Flows
As of March 31, 2018, total assets amounted to ¥4,535,964 mil- lion, an increase of ¥685,963 million from total assets of ¥3,850,001 million as of March 31, 2017. The Group’s equity

increased by ¥78,300 million to ¥493,824 million, from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. As of March 31, 2018, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to ¥437,148 million, an increase of ¥45,576 million from that of ¥391,572 million as of March 31, 2017. The changes in cash flow for each activity, and the reasons for changes are as follows:
Operating Cash Flow
Cash flow from operating activities amounted to ¥33,235 million in net cash outflows (¥17,952 million in net cash outflows for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017). The net cash outflows were primarily due to a ¥93,182 million cash outflow from an increase in accounts receivables, and other receivables and a ¥79,465 million cash outflow from an increase in operational investment securities, despite a ¥71,810 million cash inflow from profit before income tax expense, and a ¥49,015 million cash inflow from an increase in customer deposits in the banking business.
Investing Cash Flow
Cash flow from investing activities amounted to ¥7,881 million in net cash inflows (¥2,437 million in net cash inflow for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017). The net cash inflows were primarily due to a ¥48,514 million cash inflow from proceeds from sales or redemption of investment securities, despite a ¥35,555 million cash outflow from purchases of investment securities.
Financing Cash Flow
Cash flow from financing activities amounted to ¥74,575 million in net cash inflows (¥159,467 million in net cash inflow for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017). The net cash inflows were primarily due to a ¥140,025 million cash inflow from proceeds from issuance of bonds payable, and a ¥40,336 million cash inflow from proceeds from long-term loans payable, despite a ¥37,039 million cash outflow from redemption of bonds payable, a ¥31,180 million cash outflow from decrease in short-term loans payable and ¥28,261 million cash outflow from repayment of long-term loans payable.
Forward-looking descriptions provided herein are based on judg- ments of the Company as of the date of June 28, 2018.
Risk Factors
The Group’s business and other risk factors that may potentially have significant influence on investment decisions are included below. From the point of information disclosure, the Group has also listed risk factors which may not completely match such investment decisions. In recognizing these latent risks, the Group will work to avoid any such risks, and take appropriate measures in the event that any such risk arises.
Only risks from general businesses are included below. This section contains forward-looking statements, of which are judged as of June 28, 2018.
1 ) The Group’s corporate structure, which consists of a large number of public and private companies in multiple business fields, exposes the Group to challenges not found in companies with a single business focus
The Group consists of portfolio companies operating in multiple industries, including Financial Services, Asset Management, Biotechnology-related Businesses, and other businesses. The Group also comprises of some publicly listed subsidiaries. Owing to the diverse characteristics of the portfolio companies, the Group faces challenges not found in companies with a single business focus. Specifically, the following three aspects can be sited:
• The Group is exposed to business, market and regulatory risks relating to different industries. Therefore, the Group must devote substantial resources to monitor changes in different operating environments, in order to react with appropriate strategies that fit the needs of the portfolio companies affected.
• Owing to the large number of portfolio companies involved, successful operation of the Group requires an effective man- agement system that emphasizes accountability, imposes financial discipline on portfolio companies and creates value- focused incentives for management. As the Group continues to grow through acquisitions of businesses in an increasing number of diverse industries, its operations will become more complex, which increases the difficulty of implementing its management system.
• The portfolio companies in different operating segments may determine that it is in their respective shareholders’ interests to pursue business ventures together. However there is no assur- ance that such business ventures will be successful or gener- ate the synergies expected.
2 ) The Group’s voting interests in its portfolio companies may be diluted
The Group’s portfolio companies may become publicly traded, which will dilute the Group’s voting interests in these entities. In addition, the Group’s portfolio companies may from time to time need additional capital to achieve their growth strategy or other business objectives, and may issue additional shares or other equity securities to meet their capital needs. The Group may choose not to, or be unable to, subscribe for the securities offered in any such additional issuances by its portfolio compa- nies. If the Group fails to subscribe for additional securities of a portfolio company on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholding in such a company, the equity interest in the portfolio company will be diluted.
A dilution in the Group’s equity interest in a portfolio com- pany would reduce its share of the profits earned by such a port- folio company, which may have an adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Further, if the Group’s own- ership is reduced significantly, it may cause its representation on such company’s annual general meeting to be reduced, or other- wise reduce its ability to direct or influence the operations of that portfolio company.
3 ) Risks relating to the Internet business
Owing to the SBI Group businesses’ providing services that mainly use the Internet, the Group makes the maximum effort to
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 51

52
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
prevent the manifestation of risks relating to information systems and security, including service delays or interruptions resulting from system faults, and damages on its assets or leaks of per- sonal information resulting from improper access. However, if such risks are manifested, loss of customers may occur or liabili- ties for the compensation of damages may arise concerning the products and services of individual companies, which may impair the reputation of the SBI Group overall, and may have an adverse impact on its financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, it is essential to the growth of the SBI Group, that the Group continue to have deep familiarity with the Internet and its related technologies. As technical innovation continues in the Internet-related sector, the competitive landscape is being changed by the emergence of new technology and the entry into financial businesses by companies from other business sec- tors. The Group is engaged in the development of services that leverage new technology in FinTech, and the creation of new financial businesses. However, if the response to such new tech- nology and new entrants is delayed, the services offered by the Group may become obsolete or may not adapt, which could lead to lower competitiveness within the sector. If the future response to a changing environment is delayed, it may have an adverse impact on the Group's financial condition and results of operations. Also, the Group’s response to major technical inno- vation may cause construction of a new framework or system development, et al., to bear heavy expenses. If this occurs, the Group's financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
4 ) Changes in the legal or financial stability of, or cultural or business strategic differences with, any counterparties with whom the Group enters into joint ventures or alliances
The Group operates joint ventures, and enters into alliances with foreign and domestic counterparties. The success of these oper- ations is often dependent upon the financial and legal stability of its counterparties. If one of the counterparties with whom the Group operates a joint venture, or continues a business alliance with suffers a decline in its financial condition for any reason, or is subject to instability owing to a change to the laws governing its operations after an investment has been made in the joint venture or the business alliance, the Group may be unable to successfully operate the joint venture or alliance, or may be required to invest additional capital or cease operations alto- gether. Likewise, significant differences in corporate culture and business strategy between the Group and such partners may come to light, and may result in significant changes to the assumptions that the Group had made when deciding to enter into the joint venture or alliance. If the joint ventures or counter- parties are unable to perform as expected, or if any unexpected events relating to the alliances occur, then the Group may be unable to continue those businesses successfully. The Group’s inability to successfully operate joint ventures or alliances may adversely affect its reputation and its financial condition, and results of operations.
5 ) Risks related to brand and rumors
As a result of the Group's business expansion and increasing name recognition, any assessment of a single Group company
bearing the "SBI" brand can easily become an assessment of the entire Group. For this reason, the Company is carrying out initiatives towards the thorough and consistent management of the SBI brand, for the appropriate use of the brand at each Group company and preservation of the brand value. However, if the Group's overall brand is affected by a scandal or a loss of trust from customers on any product, service or customer sup- port of a single Group company, it may have an adverse impact on the Group's financial condition and the results of operations. In addition, the Group is vulnerable to poor market perception and reputational risk, since it operates in industries where integ- rity and the trust and confidence of its clients are of utmost importance. Negative publicity (whether or not justified) associ- ated with the Group or any of the funds, products and services offered by it, and its officers or employees, partners or alliances, or the occurrence of any of the risks set out in this section may result in a loss of clients and/or mandates. The Group’s business operations are highly dependent on its officers, employees, part- ners, and/or alliances. The actions, misconduct, omissions, fail- ures, or breaches of any of its officers or employees, partners and/or alliances may, by association, create negative publicity in relation to the Group. Accordingly, any mismanagement, fraud or failure to discharge legal, contractual, regulatory or fiduciary duties, responsibilities, liabilities or obligations, or the negative perception resulting from such activities, or any allegation of such activities, may have an adverse effect on the Group’s busi- ness, growth prospects, results of operations, and/or financial condition. This may adversely affect the Group’s financial condi- tion and results of operations.
In addition, if there are fraudulent persons or acts, which use trade names of the Group companies, the Group may be negatively affected by rumors regardless of lack of fault. This may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
6 ) Risks relating to business restructuring and expansion
As a “Strategic Business Innovator”, one of the Group’s basic policies involves working to perpetuate “Self-Evolution.”
In addition to business restructurings, the Group intends to aggressively pursue business expansion, including mergers and acquisitions (“M&A”) of businesses that it believes offer favorable synergies with its core businesses. The Group faces the risk that its restructurings and business expansion activities may not pro- duce the results that it expects. Failure to achieve expected results may have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial con- dition and results of operations.
The Group may not be able to identify suitable investment opportunities, partners or acquisition candidates. Even if the Group identifies suitable investment opportunities, partners or acquisition candidates, it may be unable to negotiate terms that are commercially acceptable, or complete those transactions at all. With respect to its acquisitions, the Group may have difficulty in integrating these companies or businesses, including internal operations, distribution networks, product lines, and personnel, with its existing business, and there is no assurance that the expected strategic benefits of any acquisitions or alliances will be realized. The acquired companies may have low margins and require significant restructuring to increase their efficiency. In

addition, the key personnel of an acquired company may decide not to work for the Group. The acquired company may involve a number of specific risks, including diversion of management’s attention, higher costs, unanticipated events or circumstances, legal liabilities, failure of the business of the acquired company, fall in value of investments, and impairment of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets, some or all of which may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event that the Group plans to acquire or invest in other companies, it may be required to obtain the prior approval of the relevant regulators and/or the government, and there can be no assurance that such approvals will be obtained in a timely manner, or at all.
In addition, any acquisition of an overseas company will expose the Group to foreign exchange risks, foreign regulations applicable to its business, and different environments that it may not be familiar with. In the event that such risk arises, it may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
7 ) Risks relating to entering new businesses
Based on the management principle of “Endeavoring to Become a New Industry Creator,” the Group is aggressively creating and nurturing new businesses. If the new businesses are unable to achieve their business plans as originally formulated, and if they are unable to record earnings commensurate with their initial investments, such failure may have an adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Group. If the Group’s newly offered products or services have not been con- templated by existing laws and regulations or accounting stan- dards, in order to verify the applicability and interpretation of these laws and regulations and standards, rapid business devel- opment may be restricted, and the Group’s financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, the new businesses may become subject to new laws and regu- lations, or be placed under the guidance of particular regulatory authorities. Any violations by the new businesses of the laws, regulations, or guidance that is applicable to them, and any administrative or legal actions directed at them, may impede the conduct of their operations, and have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
8 ) Risks relating to a financial conglomerate
The Group is classified as a financial conglomerate as defined by the regulations of Japanese Financial Services Agency (the “FSA”). As a result, it is further strengthening its risk manage- ment and compliance systems in order to maintain financial soundness, and to conduct business activities properly. However, if subjected to an administrative action or other punish- ment by the FSA, for whatever reason, the Group may have diffi- culty conducting its business operations, or its financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
9) Risks relating to investment securities
The Group holds a significant amount of investment securities, including investments in associates. It may experience impair- ment losses on its investment securities as a result of declines in their value subject to the stock and bond market conditions,
which may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
10 ) Litigation risk
The Group is exposed to litigation risk relating to the operations of its business segments on an ongoing basis. While the outcome of any pending or future litigation cannot be foreseen, given the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in any one or more matters may have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
11) Risk relating to risk management and internal control
The Group has established risk management and internal control systems and implementation procedures. Certain areas within the risk management and internal control systems may require constant monitoring, maintenance and continual improvements by the Group’s senior management and staff. If the efforts to maintain these systems are found to be ineffective or inadequate, the Group may be subject to sanctions or penalties, and its busi- ness prospects and reputation may be adversely affected.
The internal control system, no matter how sophisticated in design, still contains inherent limitations caused by misjudgment or fault. As such, there is no assurance that the risk manage- ment and internal control systems are adequate or effective not- withstanding the Group’s efforts, and any failure to address any internal control matters and other deficiencies may result in investigations and/or disciplinary actions, or even prosecution being taken against the Group and/or its employees, disruption to the risk management system, and an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
12 ) Risks relating to funding and liquidity
The Group raises working capital through various means, includ- ing equity finance in the capital markets, loans from financial institutions, and issuances of corporate bonds. Owing to the global economic crisis and the resulting deterioration in the global credit markets, including reduced lending by financial institutions, the Group may face difficulty raising funds under favorable conditions, or at all. Also, if interest rates rise due to financial market conditions and central bank monetary policies in individual countries, or if the Group's credit rating is lowered, the Group's financing may be restricted and its financing costs may rise. Any such events may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
13 ) Derivatives risk
The Group utilizes derivative instruments to reduce investment portfolio price fluctuations, and to manage interest rate and for- eign exchange rate risk. However, it may not be able to success- fully manage its risks through the use of such derivatives. Counterparties may fail to honor the terms of their derivatives contracts with the Group. Alternatively, the Group’s ability to enter into derivative transactions may be adversely affected if its credit ratings are downgraded.
The Group may also suffer losses from trading activities, a part of which includes the use of derivative instruments, and as a result, its financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 53
Risk Factors

54
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
14 ) Partial dependence on payments from the subsidiaries and other entities
The Group depends in part on dividends, distributions and others from its subsidiaries and other entities, such as partner- ships and other investment vehicles, to fund payments, including its debt obligations. Regulatory and other legal restrictions, including contractual restrictions, may limit the Group’s ability to transfer funds to or from the subsidiaries and other entities. Some of the subsidiaries and other entities which the Group depends on, in part, for payments are subject to laws and regu- lations that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds within the Group, or that prohibit such transfers altogether in certain circumstances. These laws and regulations may hinder the ability to access funds that the Group may need to make payments on its obligations, which may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
15) Reliance on key personnel
The Group’s business operations depend on the leadership of the Company’s Representative Director, President & CEO, Yoshitaka Kitao, and other key members of the Group’s manage- ment team. If one or more of the key personnel of the current management team becomes unable to continue operating the Group’s businesses, such an event may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. Any reme- dial action adopted by management to deal with a loss of key personnel may not take effect immediately, or at all.
16) Risks relating to employees
The Group employs personnel, who are regarded as highly skilled and qualified, to work under the management team of the Group. If the Group is unable to continue to employ personnel of the requisite caliber and skills, or if these employees do not take root within the Group, this may adversely affect its financial con- dition and the results of operations.
17 ) Risks relating to trademarks and other intellectual property rights
The Group’s businesses involve various types of intellectual property, including trademark rights, patents, copyrights, and other forms of intellectual property, particularly those related to “the SBI” brand. The Group relies on its ability to protect the intellectual property it owns and uses in its business. If it fails to sufficiently protect its intellectual property, or if it is unable to acquire the necessary licenses for the use of third-party intellec- tual property, the Group may experience difficulty in developing technologies or providing services. The Group may also become the subject of legal actions brought by third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property. In addition, the Group may experience increased costs in connection with intellectual property, especially those related to patents. Such additional costs may have an adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.
18 ) Risks relating to enactment of, or changes in, laws, regulations and accounting standards
Enactment of, or changes in, laws and regulations may affect the way that the Group conducts its business, and the products or
services that it may offer in Japan or abroad. Such enactment or changes are unpredictable, and as a result of such enactment or changes, the Group’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
Furthermore, enactment of, or changes in, accounting stan- dards may have a significant effect on how the Group records and reports its financial condition and results of operations, even if the underlying business fundamentals remain the same. As a result of such enactment or changes, its business activi- ties, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
19 ) Risks relating to deferred tax assets
Temporary differences arising between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities are posted to deferred tax assets, using the statutory effective tax rate applied when the difference is resolved.
If there is a tax reform and change in the statutory effective tax rate, the Group may reduce or increase the deferred tax assets. Such events may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets, if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Group can realize their benefits, or that future deductibility is uncertain. Losses carried forward can be posted as deferred tax assets to the extent of the amount recoverable, and the Group posts deferred tax assets based on the assump- tion of recoverability.
Each Group company calculates the estimated future recov- erable tax amount based on the expected amount of future tax- able income. While the Group presumes that it is possible to realize the deferred tax assets after the valuation allowance, the amount of valuation allowance may fluctuate depending on changes in the expected amount of future taxable income. Such changes may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
20 ) Risks relating to insurance coverage
To manage operating risks, the Group companies may be cov- ered by various insurance policies. However, there can be no assurance that all claims under such insurance policies will be honored fully, or on time. Furthermore, the Group is generally unable to insure against certain types of losses, including losses caused by earthquakes, typhoons, floods, wars, and riots, and does not have business interruption insurance. To the extent that any of its portfolio companies suffer a loss or damage that is not covered by insurance, or that exceeds the limit of its insurance coverage, the Group’s financial condition and results of opera- tions and cash flows may be adversely affected.
21 ) Past results may not be indicative of future performance The Group’s historical financial information may not necessarily reflect its financial condition, or results of operations in the future. Slower growth may be expected in some of its businesses, and it may not be successful in launching new businesses. New busi- nesses may not achieve as quick, or as significant a growth as anticipated, and the Group’s multiple business strategy may not be successful, and it may not be able to successfully integrate

future businesses, or assets into the existing operations. Such cases may result in significant interruptions to, or an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition
and results of operations.
22 ) Risk associated with natural disasters, such as an earthquake, terrorist attack or other casualty event,
in Japan or other markets in which the Group operates
A substantial portion of the Group’s assets, as well as its head office, are located in Japan and a substantial portion of the net assets are derived from its operations in Japan. The Group’s overseas operations are subject to similar or other disaster risks. Additionally, large disasters, outbreaks, terrorist attacks, or other casualty events affecting the Group’s operational network, either in Japan or abroad, may disrupt the operations even in the absence of direct physical damage to the Group’s properties. Due to a material economic downturn in the affected area or country caused by such disasters, the Group’s financial condi- tion and results of operations may be adversely affected.
23 ) Risks relating to the Group’s investments, development of the Group’s business, funding and legal regulations in overseas operations
The Group is actively investing and promoting business develop- ment in overseas countries, as such, the Group is exposed to risks relating to increasing cost or loss unique to overseas busi- ness, owing to factors that differ from those in Japan, such as systems including but not limited to laws and regulations, busi- ness practice, economic status, corporate culture, consumer attitude, and other related matters in the overseas countries. The Group conducts its investment and business development oper- ations in the overseas countries upon careful investigation and examination, followed by appropriate measures to mitigate any related risks. Nevertheless, if events occur that the Group could not initially foresee, then those events may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
Additionally, since the foreign shareholder ownership ratio of the Company remains high, it may be deemed that the Group is conducting financing activities in foreign countries, regardless of the Group’s intention. As a result, the Group may be affected by foreign laws and regulations, particularly those concerning investor protection, and this may cause the Group’s expenses to increase and restrict its business. Furthermore, the Group may increase foreign currency debt financing to hedge against foreign currency risks by borrowing from overseas financial insti- tutions, or by issuing corporate bonds in overseas countries. Although the Group will conduct such financing upon careful investigation and examination of associated risk, events may nevertheless occur that the Group could not initially foresee, which may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
Recently, in addition to the above, the application of various laws and regulations in overseas countries, where the Group’s overseas offices are located, including anti-corruption laws and regulations in the U.S. and the U.K., regulations related to eco- nomic sanctions from the competent authorities in individual countries, and the General Data Protection Regulation in the EU, might extend to the Group in other countries, including Japan.
The Group has responded to a variety of these laws and regula- tions after carefully investigating or examining them not to violate such legal regulations, but there is a possibility that the Group may conflict with it when unexpected events occur or when nec- essary responses were inadequate. Such cases may adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.
24 ) There is no guarantee of the accuracy of facts and statistics with respect to certain information obtained from official governmental sources and other data
Facts and statistics relating to Japan, the Japanese economy and the financial sector (including the financial services industry), and other sectors in which the Group operates are derived from official government or other industry sources, and are generally believed to be reliable. However, the Group cannot guarantee the quality or reliability of any such information, as it has not pre- pared, or verified the accuracy of the information received from such sources. The Group makes no representation as to the accuracy, or completeness of such facts and statistics from these sources. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that these sources have stated, or compiled such facts and figures on the same basis, or with the same degree of accuracy, or completeness, as may be the case elsewhere. In all cases, stakeholders should not unduly rely on these facts and statistics.
25 ) Risks with respect to transaction with anti-social forces and money-laundering
In order to preclude any transaction with a party that is sus- pected to have a relationship with an anti-social force, the Group has taken necessary measures with the objective of precluding all transactions with anti-social forces by, prior to entering into a new transaction, confirming whether any information with respect to a relationship with an anti-social force exists, and obtaining a representation and a letter in relation to the counterparty, of a pledge to the effect that the counterparty to the transaction is not an anti-social force. Furthermore, we have adopted measures against money-laundering and terrorism financing to ensure that the Group’s products and services are not used in these improper transactions. However, despite the Group’s strict investigations, there may be cases where the Group is not able to preclude a money-laundering transaction or a transaction with an anti-social force. If such a transaction is found, the cost for measures may accumulate, and the Group may be subject to a disposition or order by regulatory or other authorities, or its social reputation may be impaired. As a result, the Group's financial condition and the results of operations may be adversely affected.
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 55
Risk Factors

Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade and other accounts receivable Assets related to securities business
Cash segregated as deposits 
Margin transaction assets 
Other assets related to securities business
Total assets related to securities business Other financial assets
Operational investment securities
Other investment securities
Investments accounted for using the equity method Investment properties
Property and equipment
Intangible assets
Other assets Deferred tax assets Total assets
Liabilities
Bonds and loans payable
Trade and other accounts payable Liabilities related to securities business
Margin transaction liabilities
Loans payable secured by securities Deposits from customers
Guarantee deposits received
Other liabilities related to securities business
Total liabilities related to securities business Customer deposits for banking business Insurance contract liabilities
Income tax payable
Other financial liabilities Other liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities
Equity
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Treasury stock
Other components of equity
Retained earnings
Equity attributable to owners of the Company Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Notes
5
5, 7, 8, 17
9
5, 6 5, 17 5, 7, 10 5, 7, 10 11 13 14, 17 15
16
5, 7, 17 5, 7, 18
19
5, 6, 7 5, 7 20
5 16
22 22 22 22 22
391,572 472,128
1,399,851 617,550 315,640
2,333,041 30,050 111,067
186,512
90,394
7,105
10,498 185,493
28,392
3,749
3,850,001
518,977 52,887
135,698
399,673
738,144 600,621
304,476
2,178,612 485,827
147,573
10,040
14,663
11,946 13,952
3,434,477
81,681 128,004
(23,801)
22,720 169,388
377,992
37,532
415,524
3,850,001
(Millions of Yen)
437,148 570,466
1,510,079 832,410 493,953
2,836,442 35,958 191,014 173,316 68,365 2,192 14,382 181,708 24,392 581
4,535,964
571,277 67,806
121,703 689,107 757,179 707,380 395,444
2,670,813 536,955 142,260
11,271 16,335 12,779 12,644
4,042,140
81,681 125,445
(4,647) 20,605 204,731
427,815 66,009
493,824
4,535,964
   As of March 31, 2017
  As of March 31, 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 56
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018

Consolidated Statement of Income
  Notes
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
    Revenue
        Expense
    Financial cost associated with financial income
   Operating cost
    Selling, general and administrative expenses
   Other financial cost
    Other expenses
 Total expense
        Share of the profit of associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method
 Profit before income tax expense
        Income tax expense
 Profit for the year
      Profit for the year attributable to
    Owners of the Company
    Non-controlling interests
 Profit for the year
       Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
     Basic (Yen)
    Diluted (Yen)
    4, 25
26 26 26 26 26
4, 11
4 27
29
29
261,939
(14,543)
(98,982) (95,970) (3,477) (8,677)
(221,649)
2,849
43,139 (14,836)
28,303
32,455
(4,152) 28,303
159.38
146.52
(Millions of Yen)
337,017
(17,788) (113,548) (100,377)
(3,282) (32,441)
(267,436) 2,229
71,810 (15,852)
55,958
46,684 9,274 55,958
220.54
196.88
                                                                                                                                                               SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 57

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
(Millions of Yen)
55,958
1,436
(2,782) (844)
(2,190)
53,768
44,629 9,139
53,768
(Millions of Yen)
419,063 28,303 4,503
32,806 (1,298) (44,892)
(8,019) 3,654
14,210 —
415,524
55,958 (2,190)
44,629
1,716 — 1,716
  Note
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
    Profit for the year
        Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    Fair value through other comprehensive income financial assets
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    Currency translation differences
   Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax
 Total comprehensive income
      Total comprehensive income attributable to
    Owners of the Company
    Non-controlling interests
 Total comprehensive income
   28,303
28 124
28 680
28 3,699
                                                                                 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
81,681 — —
—
— 23 — 22 — 22 —
—
22 —
81,681
— —
— — — —
23 —
22 — 22 —
—
— 22 —
145,735 (19,132) — — — —
— — (4) — — — — (8,019) 304 3,350
4,503
32,806
38,082
(5,276)
32,806
371,590 47,473 32,455 (4,152) 5,627 (1,124)
38,082 (5,276)
 Attributable to owners of the Company
      Capital stock
Capital surplus
Treasury stock
Other components of equity
Retained earnings
Total
Non- controlling interests
Total equity
        As at April 1, 2016
Profit for the year
Note
     Other comprehensive income
 Total comprehensive income
  Change in scope of consolidation
  Dividends paid
  Treasury shares purchased
  Treasury shares sold
  Changes of interests in
subsidiaries without losing control
  Transfer
 As at March 31, 2017
  Profit for the year
  Other comprehensive income
 Total comprehensive income
  Issuance of convertible bonds
  Conversion of convertible bonds
  Change in scope of consolidation
  Dividends paid
  Treasury shares purchased
  Treasury shares sold
  Share-based payment transactions
  Changes of interests in
subsidiaries without losing control
  Transfer
 As at March 31, 2018
   17,107 146,199 — 32,455 5,627 —
5,627 32,455 — — — (9,280) — — — —
—
— (14) 14
(4) (9,280) (8,019)
(1,294) (35,612)
                                                                                                                        — 3,654 —
                                                (18,031) —
— —
(18,031) 32,241 — —
                         128,004 (23,801)
— — — —
— — 1,716 — 4,060 25,889
— — — — — (9,637) 99 2,902
461 — (8,895) —
22,720 169,388
— 46,684 (2,055) —
(2,055) 46,684 — — — — — —
377,992
46,684 (2,055)
37,532
9,274 (135)
                                         9,139
53,768
                                                29,949 — — 6,823
29,949 6,823
(14,061) (9,637)
3,001 461
6,280
—
                                                — (11,401) (11,401) (2,660)
                        — — — — — —
(9,637) — 3,001 — 461 —
(8,895) 15,175
— —
                                                                        — — — — (60) 60
                         81,681 125,445 (4,647) 20,605 204,731 427,815 66,009
493,824
                58
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Net cash used in operating activities
Profit before income tax expense
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method Interest and dividend income
Interest expense
Increase in operational investment securities
Increase in accounts receivables and other receivables Increase in operational liabilities and other liabilities Decrease in assets/liabilities related to securities business Increase in customer deposits in the banking business Others
Subtotal
Interest and dividend income received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash used in operating activities
Net cash generated from investing activities
Purchases of intangible assets
Purchases of investment securities
Proceeds from sales or redemption of investment securities
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired
Proceeds from sales of subsidiaries, net of cash and cash equivalents disposed of Payments of loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Others
Net cash generated from investing activities
Net cash generated from financing activities
Increase (Decrease) in short term loans payable
Proceeds from long-term loans payable
Repayment of long-term loans payable
Proceeds from issuance of bonds payable
Redemption of bonds payable
Proceeds from stock issuance to non-controlling interests
Contributions from non-controlling interests in consolidated investment funds Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Distributions to non-controlling interests in consolidated investment funds Purchase of treasury stock
Proceeds from sale of interests in subsidiaries to non-controlling interests Payments for purchase of interests in subsidiaries from non-controlling interests Others
Net cash generated from financing activities
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
Effect of changes in exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
Note
(Millions of Yen)
71,810 11,143
(2,229) (106,160)
21,071 (79,465) (93,182) 12,017 (11,122) 49,015 22,425
(104,677) 104,683
(19,677) (13,564)
(33,235)
(7,084) (35,555)
48,514 12 870
(10,294) 5,596 5,822
7,881
(31,180) 40,336 (28,261)
140,025 (37,039)
60 12,312
(11,390) (409) (2,252) (9,637)
367 (156)
1,799
74,575
49,221 391,572
(3,645)
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                 30 30
30 30 30 30 30
43,139 10,690
(2,849) (80,891)
18,019
(29,362)
(105,238) 15,233
(6,275)
87,149 (17,663)
(68,048)
79,991
(16,106) (13,789)
(17,952)
(6,241) (66,523)
62,854
(1,968) 3,344
(4,182)
7,091
8,062
2,437
161,178 30,462
(25,574) 102,325
(74,930) 222 20,234
(9,266) (378) (35,266)
(8,019) 1,032 (5,112) 2,559
159,467
143,952 248,050
(430)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            391,572 437,148
        SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 59

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Reporting Entity
SBI Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Japan. The consolidated financial statements of the Company consist of the Company, its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as the “Group”) and interests in the Group’s associates and joint ventures. The Group is engaged in various businesses, which primarily consist of three key businesses: “Financial Services Business”, “Asset Management Business” and “Biotechnology- related Business”. See Note 4 “Segment Information” for detailed information on each business.
The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the Company’s Representative Director, President and CEO, Yoshitaka Kitao and Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer and CFO, Shumpei Morita on June 26, 2018.
2. Basis of Preparation
(1) CompliancewithIFRSs
Since the Company meets the criteria of “Specified Company under Designated International Financial Reporting Standards” defined in Article 1-2 of the Ordinance on Terminology, Forms and Preparation Methods of Consolidated Financial Statements (Ordinance of the Ministry of Finance No. 28 of 1976), the consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) pursuant to Article 93 of the Rules Governing Term, Form and Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2) Basisofmeasurement
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the below:
• Financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or
loss (“FVTPL”)
• Financial instruments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
The measurement basis of fair value of the financial instruments is provided in Note 5 “Fair value of financial instruments”.
(3) Reportingcurrency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese Yen, which is the functional currency of the Company and rounded to the nearest million yen, unless otherwise stated.
(4) Useofestimatesandjudgments
In the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRSs, management of the Company are required to make estimates, judgments and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision
and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
The following are key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the current period and future periods.
(a) Measurement of financial instruments
Unlisted equity securities held by the Group are primarily included in operational investment securities and classified as fair value through profit or loss. Fair values of those unlisted equity securities are measured using valuation techniques in which some significant input may not be based on observable market data.
(b) Deferredtaxassets
Temporary differences which arise from differences between the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the statement of financial position and its tax base and tax loss carryforwards are recorded as deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards can be utilized, using the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when they are realized.
(c) Evaluation of goodwill
The Group estimates the recoverable amount of its goodwill at the same time every year regardless of an indication of impairment. The recoverable amount is calculated based on the future cash flows.
(d) Impairment on financial assets at amortized cost
Impairment on financial assets at amortized cost is measured using carrying amount less present value of the future cash flows discounted at the financial assets’ original effective interest rate.
(e) Liabilityadequacytestforinsurancecontracts
A liability adequacy test for insurance contracts is performed in consideration of current estimates of all contractual cash flows and related cash flows such as claims handling costs at the end of each reporting period.
(5) Application of new and revised IFRSs
The Group adopted the following new and revised standards and interpretations from the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. There is no significant impact on these consolidated financial statements through adoption.
Additional disclosures about changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
(6) Early adoption of IFRSs
The Group early adopted IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” (issued in November 2009, revised in October 2010 and December 2011) (“IFRS 9”).
   Statement of standards
IAS 7
Statement of Cash Flows
Summary of new standards and amendments
     60
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018

3. Significant Accounting Policies
The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are listed below.
(1) Basisofconsolidation
(a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries refer to the entities under control of the Group which include the entities that have been designed in a way that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who controls those entities (“structured entities”). Control is defined as the Group having (a) power over the investee, (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and (c) the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the investor’s returns. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is obtained by the Group and deconsolidated on the date that the Group loses control. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the accounting policies adopted by the Group.
Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions among Group companies are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized losses are also eliminated and the related impairment is assessed.
Comprehensive losses arising from subsidiaries are allocated to the owners of the Company and non-controlling interests even if the balances of non-controlling interests are a negative figure.
(b) Associatesandjointventures
Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence, and that is neither a subsidiary nor an interest in joint venture.
When the Group holds between 20% and 50% of voting rights of the other entity, the Group is presumed to have significant influence over the other entity.
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement and decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are initially recognized at cost and accounted for using the equity method. However, investments held by venture capital organizations and other similar entities in the Group are accounted for at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9.
Under the equity method, investor’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (after adjustments for the purpose of conforming with the group accounting policies), from the date of having significant influence or entering into joint control to the date of losing significant influence or ceasing joint control, of the associates and joint ventures (hereinafter referred to as “equity method associates”) were recognized and recorded as adjustments to the carrying amounts of investments.
When the Group’s share of losses in an equity method associate exceeds the carrying amount of the investment in
the associate, losses are recognized until the carrying amounts of long-term interests that form part of the net investment are reduced to zero. The Group does not recognize further losses, unless it has incurred legal or constructive obligation or made payments on behalf of the associate.
Unrealized gain on inter-company transactions with equity method associates are deducted from the balance of carrying amount of investments only to the extent of investor’s interests in the associates.
(c) Businesscombination
 (d)
Acquisition method is applied for acquisitions of businesses. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the total of acquisition date fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owner of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group.
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their acquisition date fair value except for the below.
• Deferred tax assets or liabilities and assets or liabilities
related to employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 “Income Taxes” and IAS 19 “Employee Benefits”.
• Liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 “Share-based Payment” at the acquisition date.
• Assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” are measured in accordance with that standard.
Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the con- sideration transferred and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. If the difference is negative, the difference is rec- ognized immediately in profit or loss.
The Group recognizes non-controlling interests in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the recognized amount of acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
Acquisition-related cost is expensed as incurred, except for the costs related to the issuance of debt securities and equity securities.
If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured at fair value at the acquisition date and resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss.
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without loss of control
Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions in accordance with IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements”. The carrying amount of the Group’s share and non-controlling interests are
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 61

62
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. The difference between “fair value of consideration paid or received” and “adjustments of the carrying amount of non-controlling interests” is recognized in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.
(e) Loss of control
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the difference between the “total fair value of consideration received and the retained interest” and “the previous carrying amount of subsidiary’s assets (including goodwill), liabilities and non- controlling interests” are recognized in profit or loss.
In addition, any amount previously recognized in other accumulated comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary is accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of each related assets or liabilities.
The fair value of the retained interest in the former subsidiary is measured in accordance with IFRS 9.
(2) Foreign currency
(a) Foreign currency translation
In preparing the financial statements of each individual Group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are translated in the respective functional currency (i.e. the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates) at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the year-end date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency shall be retranslated using the exchange rate at the date when the fair value was measured. The exchange differences arising from the retranslation were recognized in profit or loss, except for retranslation differences in financial instruments that are measured at fair value and changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income, and exchange differences arising from transactions for the purpose of hedging certain foreign exchange risk.
(b) Foreign operations
The assets and liabilities, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from business combinations, of all the Group entities that have a functional currency that is different from the presentation currency (mainly foreign operations) are translated into the presentation currency using the rates of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency at the average exchange rates.
Exchange differences arising are recognized as other comprehensive income. The differences are recorded and accumulated as translation reserve in equity and will be reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal of the foreign operation.
(3) Financial instruments
The Group early adopted IFRS 9. IFRS 9 requires all financial assets which are within the scope of IAS 39 “Financial instruments: Recognition and Measurement” to be
subsequently measured either at amortized cost or at fair value. Debt instruments are measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met: (i) the debt instruments are held within a business model whose objective is to hold the financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and (ii) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Debt instruments and equity instruments other than those above are subsequently measured at fair value.
(a) Initialrecognitionandmeasurement
The Group recognizes a financial asset or financial liability in its statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
A regular way purchase or sale of financial assets is recognized and derecognized, as applicable, using trade date accounting. A regular way purchase or sale is a purchase or sale of a financial asset under a contract whose terms require delivery of the asset within the time frame established generally by regulation or convention in the marketplace concerned.
At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset or financial liability not measured at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities measured at FVTPL are recognized immediately in profit or loss. Equity instruments held for purposes other than trading are designated as financial assets measured at FVTOCI.
(b) Offsetting
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position when the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
(c) Non-derivativefinancialassets
Non-derivative financial assets are initially designated as “Financial assets measured at amortized cost”, “Financial assets measured at FVTPL” or “Financial assets measured at FVTOCI” on the basis of the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, adjusted for accumulated impairment losses if both of the following conditions are met: ( i ) the financial assets are held within a business model whose objective is to hold the financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and (ii) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets measured at FVTPL
Financial assets, other than those subsequently measured at amortized cost, are subsequently measured at fair value, and all changes in fair value are recognized in profit or loss.
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
At initial recognition, the Group designates as a financial asset measured at FVTOCI an investment in an equity instrument that is not held for sale and is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. This is an irrevocable election and the cumulative changes of fair value recorded in other comprehensive income cannot be reclassified to profit or loss. Dividends from the above-mentioned equity instruments are recognized in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. At derecognition of equity instruments measured at FVTOCI or when the significant decline in fair value below the initial cost is other than temporary, the recognized amount of changes in fair value accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified directly to retained earnings and not reclassified to profit or loss.
(d) Cashandcashequivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are cash and highly liquid financial assets that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash with original maturities of three months or less.
(e) Non-derivativefinancialliabilities
Non-derivative financial liabilities include corporate bonds and loans, trade and other accounts payable, which are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
(f) Trading assets and liabilities
Financial assets and liabilities are classified as trading assets and trading liabilities in the below situation:
• Financial assets acquired mainly for the purpose of sale or
repurchase in the short term
• At initial recognition, the financial assets are managed
together by the Group as part of a certain financial instrument portfolio, from which an actual short term gain has been realized.
• Derivative (either not classified as hedging instruments or proved to be ineffective as hedging instruments)
Trading assets and trading liabilities are classified as financial assets and liabilities measured at FVTPL, changes in amounts of which are recognized in profit or loss. Trading assets and trading liabilities are presented in “Other assets (or liabilities) related to securities business” in the statement of financial position.
(g) Derecognition
The Group derecognizes a financial asset when, and only when, the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or the Group no longer retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows and transfers all the risks and rewards related to the financial asset.
derecognition, a financial asset is derecognized but the transfer results in the Group obtaining or retaining certain rights and obligations related to the transferred asset, the Group recognizes them as new financial assets or liabilities.
(h) Fairvaluemeasurement
The Group measures the fair value of a financial asset or liability using a quoted market price from an active market, if available.
The Group uses valuation techniques to determine fair value if the financial assets are not traded in an active market. Valuation techniques include utilization of a recent arm’s length transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties, current fair value of a similar financial instrument, discounted cash flow analysis and an option pricing model. When there is evidence that market participants use valuation techniques to determine the price of a financial asset and liability that provide a reliable estimated market price, fair value should be determined based on that valuation technique. To ensure the validity and the effectiveness of the valuation techniques used in determining fair value, the Group reassesses the valuation techniques based on observable market data on a regular basis.
(i) Impairment of financial assets measured at amortized cost
The Group recognizes impairment losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost after the initial recognition when there is objective evidence that a loss event has occurred and it is reasonably predictable that a negative impact will be exerted on the estimated future cash flows arising from the financial assets. The Group assesses whether there is objective evidence indicating that financial assets measured at amortized cost are impaired on a quarterly basis.
The Group assesses financial assets measured at amortized cost for evidence of impairment both individually and collectively. Significant financial assets are assessed for impairment individually. Significant financial assets which are not impaired individually are assessed for impairment collectively. Financial assets which are not significant are assessed as a group based on risk characteristics.
For financial assets measured at amortized cost, the amount of the impairment loss recognized is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate. An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss in the period and the carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly.
Interest on the impaired asset is recognized as adjustments to discounts realized through the passage of time. When the amount of impairment decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment, reversal of previously recognized impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss.
(j) Derivatives
The Group uses derivative instruments (interest rate swap contracts and forward exchange contracts) in order to hedge mainly interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk.
If, as a result of a transfer, which satisfies the criteria for
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 63

64
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Derivatives to which hedge accounting is applied
At the inception of the hedge, the Group formally documents the hedging relationship between the hedged item or transaction and the hedging instrument, which is the derivative, in compliance with our risk management objective and strategy. In addition, at the inception and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the derivative is highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or the cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the risk of changes in interest rates, etc.
The changes in the fair value of derivatives, which are designated as hedging instruments for fair value hedges, are recognized in profit or loss. Gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the risk of changes in interest rates, etc. shall adjust the carrying amount of the hedged item and be recognized in profit or loss.
Among the changes in the fair value of derivatives which are designated as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges, the portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge shall be recognized in other comprehensive income, while the ineffective portion shall be recognized in profit or loss.
The amount that has been recognized in other comprehensive income shall be removed from other comprehensive income and reclassified to profit or loss in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in the same period during which the hedged item of cash flows affects profit or loss.
The Group prospectively discontinues hedge accounting when the criteria of hedge accounting are no longer satisfied. In such a situation, amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income remain unadjusted until the anticipated transaction finally affects profit or loss, or the anticipated transaction is not expected to occur, at which point the underlying amount shall be immediately recognized in profit or loss.
Derivatives to which hedge accounting is not applied Among derivatives held for hedging purposes, the Group holds some derivatives to which hedge accounting is not applied. The Group also holds derivatives for trading purposes other than hedging purposes. The changes in fair value of such derivatives are recognized in profit or loss.
(4) Leaseaslessee
A lease is classified as a finance lease when the Group assumes substantially all the risks and rewards according to the lease contract. Leased assets are initially recognized as the lower of the fair value of the leased property or the present value of the minimum lease payments, and subsequently accounted for under the accounting policies applied to the assets.
(5) Propertyandequipment
(a) Initialrecognitionandmeasurement
Property and equipment are measured using the cost method and stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss. Acquisition cost includes the costs incurred directly related to the acquisition of the assets. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference
between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.
(b) Depreciation
Depreciation is calculated based on the depreciable amount, which is calculated as the initial cost of items of property and equipment less their residual values. Depreciation is recognized using the straight-line method to allocate their depreciable amounts over the estimated useful life of each component, and charged to profit or loss. Land is not depreciated.
The estimated useful lives of major classes of property and equipment are as follows:
• Buildings 3 – 47 years
• Furniture and equipment 3 – 20 years
The depreciation method, estimated useful life and residual value are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
(6) Intangible assets
(a) Intangible assets arising on business combination
(goodwill and other intangible assets)
Goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries is recognized as an intangible asset. Initial recognition and measurement of goodwill are stated in “(1) Basis of consolidation, (c) Business combination”. Intangible assets arising from a business combination, other than goodwill, are recognized at fair value at the acquisition date.
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment loss. For investees to which the equity method is applied, goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment.
Intangible assets other than goodwill with a finite useful life that arise on a business combination are measured at initial cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss.
(b) Research and development
Expenditure on research undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and understanding is recognized as an expense when incurred. Development costs capitalized as a result of meeting certain criteria are measured at initial cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss.
(c) Other intangible assets (separately acquired)
Other intangible assets acquired by the Group are measured at initial cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss.
(d) Amortization
Amortization of intangible assets other than goodwill with finite useful lives is recognized in profit or loss using the straight-line method over the expected useful life, which begins when the assets are available for use.
The estimated useful lives of major classes of intangible assets are as follows:
• Software 5 years
• Customer Relationship 5 – 10 years

The amortization method, estimated useful life and residual value are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
(7) Investmentproperties
Investment properties are defined as property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both, rather than for (a) sale in the ordinary course of business, or (b) use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Investment properties are measured using the cost method and stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
Depreciation is calculated based on the depreciable amount, which is calculated as the initial cost of assets less their residual values. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their depreciable amounts over the estimated useful life of each component, and charged to profit or loss.
The estimated useful lives of a major component of investment properties are as follows:
• Buildings 8 – 50 years
An investment property shall be derecognized on disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Gain or loss arising from the derecognition of investment properties is determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss at the time of derecognition.
(8) Impairmentofnon-financialassets
Other than deferred tax assets, the Group’s non-financial assets are subject to impairment tests at the end of each reporting period. When an indication of impairment exists, the recoverable amounts of the assets are estimated in order to determine amounts of impairment losses, if any. For a cash-generating unit (“CGU”) including allocated goodwill and intangible assets which have indefinite useful lives or which are not available for use, the recoverable amounts are estimated at the same time every year, regardless of the indication of impairment. A CGU is defined as the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets.
The recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. If it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group determines the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss. The impairment loss recognized in relation to the CGU shall be allocated to reduce the carrying amount of the assets of the unit in such order that (a) first, to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU and (b) then to the other
assets of the unit pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit.
An impairment loss recognized for goodwill shall not be reversed in a subsequent period. An entity shall assess at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognized in prior periods for an asset other than goodwill may no longer exist or may have decreased. An impairment loss recognized in prior periods for an asset other than goodwill shall be reversed if, and only if, there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years.
Because goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate or a joint venture is not separately recognized, it is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire carrying amount of the investment is tested for impairment as a single asset, whenever there is an indication that the investment may be impaired.
(9) Accounting for insurance contracts
For insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts, the Group applies its accounting policy determined based on the Insurance Business Act, the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act, and other Japanese accounting practices, while considering the requirements under IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts”.
A liability adequacy test is performed in consideration of current estimates of all contractual cash flows and related cash flows such as claims handling costs at the end of each reporting period. If the test shows that the liability is inadequate, the entire shortfall is recognized in profit or loss.
(10) Employee benefits
(a) Defined contribution plans
The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have defined contribution plans for employee benefits. Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Contributions related to defined contribution plans are expensed over the period during which employees render service to the entity.
(b) Short term employee benefits and share-based payment
The Group recognizes the undiscounted amount of short- term employee benefits as an expense of the period during which the related service is rendered.
Also, the Group operates share-based compensation plan as an incentive for board members and employees. Equity-settled share-based compensation plan (“stock option”) which were granted after November 7, 2002 and the vesting conditions of which had not been satisfied as at March 31, 2011 is measured at fair value on the grant date. The fair value is calculated by estimating the number of stock options that will ultimately be vested and recognized as expenses with a corresponding increase in equity over the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 65

66
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
vesting period. For cash-settled share-based compensation plan, a liability is recognized for the goods or services acquired, measured initially at fair value of the liability. At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss for the year.
(11) Provisions
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present (legal or constructive) obligation as a result of past events and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are measured at the present value of the expected future cash flow using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation.
(12) Capital stock
(a) Commonstock
Common stocks issued by the Group are classified as equity and stock issuance costs, after tax effects, are recognized as a deduction from equity.
(b) Treasurystock
The Group’s own equity instruments which are reacquired are recognized at cost including acquisition related costs, after tax effects, as a deduction from equity. When the Group sells treasury stocks, the consideration received is recognized as an addition to equity.
(13) Revenue recognition
(a) Financial income related to investment portfolio
(excluding trading assets)
Financial assets measured at FVTPL are initially recognized at their fair value and related transaction costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred. Gain and loss related to the sale of financial assets measured at FVTPL are determined as the difference between the fair value of the consideration received and the carrying amount.
Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at FVTOCI are presented in other comprehensive income. When such financial assets are derecognized (sold) or the significant decline in fair value below the initial cost of such financial assets is other than temporary, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognized in other comprehensive income are directly transferred to retained earnings.
However, dividends from financial assets measured at FVTOCI are recognized as financial income in profit or loss.
(b) Net trading income
Securities included in trading assets are classified as financial assets measured at FVTPL and measured at fair value. Changes in fair value are recognized in profit or loss.
(c) Commission income
Commission income arises from transactions in which the Group is involved as an agent instead of a principal who gains the main part of the profit from the transaction. Revenue from commission income is recognized by reference to the stage of completion of the transaction at the end of the reporting
period if the result of the transaction can be reliably estimated. If the below criteria are met, the transaction is regarded
as the Group acting as an agent.
• The Group neither retains ownership of the goods nor
assumes any responsibility for goods sold.
• Though the Group ultimately collect consideration from
customers, all the credit risk is assumed by the supplier of the goods.
(d) Sale of goods
Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, taking into account the amount of any sales return, trade discount and volume rebates. Normally, revenue is recognized when there is persuasive evidence showing that a sales contract has been implemented; that is, (i) significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have been transferred to the buyer; (ii) it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Group; (iii) the cost incurred and possibility of sales returns can be reliably estimated; (iv) the Group retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold; and (v) the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. If it is probable that the Group will provide a sales discount and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the sales discount shall be deducted from the original amount of revenue.
(14) Income tax expense
Income tax expense consists of current and deferred tax expense, which are recognized in profit or loss, except for those arising from business combinations or recognized directly in equity and other comprehensive income. Current income tax expense is measured at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the taxation authorities using the tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred income tax is recognized on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount. However, deferred tax assets are not recognized if they arise from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss, or from deductible temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries and investments accounted for using the equity method, under which it is probable that the difference will not be recovered in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax assets are realized or the deferred tax liabilities are settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis, or the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized simultaneously.
A deferred tax asset is recognized for the unused

carryforward tax losses, unused tax credits and expected deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused carryforward tax losses, unused tax credits and expected deductible temporary differences can be utilized. The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset shall be reviewed at the end of each reporting period. The Group reduces the carrying amount of a deferred tax asset to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilized.
The Group recognizes a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and investments accounted for using the equity method, except to the extent that both of the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference; and (ii) it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The Group shall recognize a deferred tax asset for all deductible temporary differences arising from investments mentioned above, to the extent that, and only to the extent that, it is probable that (i) taxable profit will be available against which the temporary difference can be utilized; and (ii) the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future.
(15) Earnings per share
The Group discloses both the basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (issued shares adjusted for the treasury shares) during the period. For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the Group adjusts profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders and the weighted average
number of shares outstanding, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
(16) Segment reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the Group). Discrete financial information of all the segments is available so that the operating results are regularly reviewed by the board of directors to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance. Operating results reported to the board of directors include items that directly belong to the segment and items allocated to the segment on a reasonable basis. Items not allocated to any reportable segment mainly consist of expenses related to the headquarters.
(17) Non-current assets held for sale
The Group classifies a non-current asset or asset group as held for sale if (i) its carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use; (ii) the asset is available for immediate sale and their sale within one year is highly probable; and (iii) management of the Group is committed to a plan to sell the asset.
When the Group is committed to a plan to sell a subsidiary with a loss of control and all the above criteria are satisfied, it classifies the subsidiary’s entire assets and liabilities as held for sale regardless of whether it retains any non-controlling interest of the subsidiary.
Non-current assets (or asset groups) held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
(18) New standards, amendments to existing standards, and interpretations that are published but have not yet been adopted by the Group
Of the new standards, amendments to existing standards, and interpretations that have been published before the approval date of the consolidated financial statements, the main ones that the Group has not early adopted are as follows. The application of the impairment requirements of IFRS 9 is expected to reduce the opening retained earnings as at April 1, 2018 by ¥11.6 billion in the consolidated financial statements for the year ending March 31, 2019. The impact of the application of IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” on the consolidated financial statements is not material. The impact of the others are still under investigation.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 IFRSs
Mandatory for fiscal year beginning on or after
Adopted by the group from fiscal year ended
Summary of new standards and amendments
     IFRS 9
Financial Instruments
     IFRS 10
Consolidated Financial Statements
     IAS 28
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
     IFRS 15
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
     IFRS 16
Lease
     IFRS 17
Insurance Contracts
     January 1, 2018
To be determined
January 1, 2018
January 1, 2019
January 1, 2021
March 2019
To be determined
March 2019
March 2020 March 2022
Amendment with regard to hedge accounting, impairment accounting, and classification and measurement of financial instruments
Clarification of the accounting treatment for sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate and joint venture
Amendment with regard to the accounting of revenue recognition
Amendment with regard to the definition and the accounting treatment of lease
Amendment with regard to measurement method of insurance liability
                                 SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 67

4. Segment Information
The Group engages in a wide range of business activities, primarily online financial service businesses and investment activities in Japan and overseas. Based on the similarities or economic characteristics of business or nature of services, “Financial Services Business”, “Asset Management Business”, and “Biotechnology-related Business”, which is anticipated to be a growth industry in the 21st century, are determined as reportable segments.
The reportable segments of the Group represent businesses activities for which separate financial information of the Group’s components is available and reviewed regularly by the board of directors for the purpose of allocation of financial resources and performance evaluation.
The following is a description of business activities for the reportable segments.
“Financial Services Business”
The Financial Services Business consists of a wide range of finance-related business, including securities brokerage business, banking services business, and life, property and casualty insurance business.
“Asset Management Business”
The Asset Management Business primarily consists of fund management and investment in Internet technology, biotechnology and finance-related venture companies in Japan and overseas, financial services business overseas, and asset management services business which provides financial products information.
“Biotechnology-related Business”
The Biotechnology-related Business represents development and distribution of pharmaceutical products, health foods, and cosmetics with 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA), a kind of amino acid which exists in vivo, and research and development of antibody drugs and nucleic acid medicine in the field of cancer and immunology.
“Others” includes the real estate business and the cryptocurrency business, but they did not meet the quantitative criteria to be defined as reportable segments for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
“Elimination or Corporate” includes profit or loss that is not allocated to certain business segments and the elimination of the inter-company transactions within the Group, at a price based on the actual market price.
 The following represents segment information of the Group:
BroadBand Security, Inc., which was included in the Asset Management Business until the previous reporting period, is now included in the Financial Services Business beginning with this fiscal year. Consequently, segment information for the year ended March 31, 2017, is restated in accordance with the new basis of segmentation.
 For the year ended March 31, 2017
Financial Services Business
Asset Management Business
Biotechnology- related Business
Total
Others
Elimination or Corporate
Consolidated Total
        Revenue
    Revenue from external customers
    Inter-segment revenue
 Total
      Segment operating income (loss)
   Profit before income tax expense
      Other Items
    Interest income
    Interest expense
   Depreciation and amortization
    Gain or loss from investments applying the equity-method
                         178,218 1,723
179,941
48,932
32,476 (4,887) (5,435)
3,448
77,041 400
77,441
13,861
47,922 (10,177) (4,081)
109
5,398 132
5,530
(9,574)
0 (247) (536)
(697)
260,657 880 2,255 3
262,912 883
53,219 (830)
80,398 0 (15,311) (50) (10,052) (85)
2,860 (11)
402 (2,258)
(1,856)
(9,250)
(935) (2,659) (253)
—
(Millions of Yen)
261,939 —
261,939
43,139
79,463 (18,020) (10,390)
2,849
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 68
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

 For the year ended March 31, 2018
Financial Services Business
Asset Management Business
Biotechnology- related Business
Total
Others
Elimination or Corporate
Consolidated Total
        Revenue
    Revenue from external customers
    Inter-segment revenue
 Total
      Segment operating income (loss)
   Profit before income tax expense
      Other Items
    Interest income
    Interest expense
   Depreciation and amortization
    Gain or loss from investments applying the equity-method
                214,509 2,763
217,272
63,888
45,844 (6,440) (6,145)
4,090
117,167 405
117,572
56,491
57,010 (12,150) (4,135)
(390)
3,967 232
4,199
(37,252)
1 (382) (261)
(1,460)
335,643 3,400
339,043
83,127
102,855 (18,972) (10,541)
2,240
1,212 1
1,213
(1,328)
0 (106) (129)
(11)
162 (3,401)
(3,239)
(9,989)
(1,018) (1,992) (175)
—
(Millions of Yen)
337,017 —
337,017
71,810
101,837 (21,070) (10,845)
2,229
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Geographical information regarding non-current assets and revenues from external customers are presented as below.
(Millions of Yen)
65,051 69,085 119,678 111,207
18,367 17,990 203,096 198,282
Note: Non-current assets excluding financial assets and deferred tax assets are allocated based on the location of the assets.
(Millions of Yen)
204,501 260,564 57,438 76,453
261,939 337,017 Note: Revenue is allocated based on the location of the entities.
5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments
(1) Fairvaluemeasurement
Fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined based on quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are calculated using valuation models such as a discounted cash flow analysis. The Group determined fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities as follows:
Cash and cash equivalents, Other financial assets, and
Other financial liabilities
The fair values are determined at the carrying amounts as they approximate the carrying amounts due to their short-term maturities.
Trade and other accounts receivable
The fair values are determined based on the future cash inflows
discounted using interest rates adjusted for the term to maturity and credit risk. The fair values of those with short-term maturities are determined at the carrying amounts as they approximate the carrying amounts.
Assets and liabilities related to securities business
With respect to loans on margin transactions included in margin transaction assets, the fair values are determined at the carrying amounts as the interest rates of the loans are floating rates and reflect the market interest rate within a short period. The fair values of assets and liabilities related to the securities business, except for loans on margin transactions, are considered to approximate the carrying amounts as those assets and liabilities are settled within a short period. With respect to trading assets and trading liabilities, the fair values are determined based on market closing price at the reporting date in principal stock exchanges.
Operational investment securities and other investment securities
The fair values of listed equity securities are determined based on the quoted market prices in the stock exchange. The fair values of unlisted equity securities, bonds with share options and stock warrants are determined using valuation models appropriate in the circumstances including discounted cash flow analysis, pricing analysis with reference to comparable industry prices, and analysis based on revenues, profits and net assets. The fair values of bonds are determined using reasonable valuation techniques based on available information such as Reference Statistical Prices and quoted price provided by the financing banks. The fair values of investments in funds are determined at the fair values of partnership net assets based on the Group’s percentage share in the contributed capital, if such fair values are available.
Bonds and loans payable and Trade and other accounts payable
With respect to those with floating interest rates, the fair values are determined at the carrying amounts as the interest rates of the bonds and loans, and trade and other accounts payable reflect the market interest rate within a short period and as the credit condition of Group entities that obtained them are not
  Non-current assets
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
    Japan
       Korea
      Others
   Consolidated total
        Revenue from external customers
For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    Japan
       Overseas
  Consolidated total
       SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 69

expected to change significantly. With respect to those with fixed interest rates, the fair values are determined based on the future cash outflows discounted using interest rates adjusted for the remaining term and credit risk or discounted using interest rates determined with reference to similar types of new loans or lease transactions. The fair value of bonds payable and loans payable with short-term maturities are determined at the carrying amounts as they approximate the carrying amounts.
(2) Classificationandfairvalueoffinancialinstruments
Classification and fair value of financial assets were as follows:
Customer deposits for banking business
The fair values of demand deposits are determined at the carrying amounts which are the amounts paid on demand at the reporting date. The fair values of time deposits are determined based on the future cash outflows discounted using interest rates adjusted for the term to maturity and credit risk. The fair values of time deposits with short-term maturities are determined at the carrying amounts as they approximate the carrying amounts.
 As at March 31, 2017
Carrying amount
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Total
Fair value
      Trade and other accounts receivable
  Assets related to securities business
  Operational investment securities
  Other investment securities
 Total
   — 22,816 111,067 107,853
241,736
— 75,984 191,014 102,647
369,645
— 472,128 — 2,310,225 — —
1,243 77,416
1,243 2,859,769
— 570,466 — 2,760,458 — —
2,975 67,694
2,975 3,398,618
— 518,977 2,118 50,769 51,854 2,126,758 — 485,827
53,972 3,182,331
— 571,277 1,987 65,819 108,157 2,562,656 — 536,955
110,144 3,736,707
472,128 2,333,041 111,067 186,512
3,102,748
570,466 2,836,442 191,014 173,316
3,771,238
518,977 52,887 2,178,612 485,827
3,236,303
571,277 67,806 2,670,813 536,955
3,846,851
(Millions of Yen)
477,051 2,333,041 111,067 187,680
3,108,839
(Millions of Yen)
571,703 2,836,442 191,014 174,496
3,773,655
(Millions of Yen)
518,887 53,013 2,178,612 485,997
3,236,509
(Millions of Yen)
571,879 67,929 2,670,813 537,056
3,847,677
                                                      As at March 31, 2018
Carrying amount
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Total
Fair value
      Trade and other accounts receivable
  Assets related to securities business
  Operational investment securities
  Other investment securities
 Total
                                                        Classification and fair value of financial liabilities were as follows:
 As at March 31, 2017
Bonds and loans payable
Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL
Carrying amount
 Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Total
Fair value
         Trade and other accounts payable
    Liabilities related to securities business
    Customer deposits for banking business
 Total
                                              As at March 31, 2018
Bonds and loans payable
Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL
Carrying amount
 Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Total
Fair value
         Trade and other accounts payable
    Liabilities related to securities business
    Customer deposits for banking business
 Total
                                             70
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

(3) Financialinstrumentscategorizedbyfairvaluehierarchy
“IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement” requires measurement of fair value to be categorized into three levels with reference to the fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making fair value measurements.
The fair value hierarchy is defined as follows:
• Level 1: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
• Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. • Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
The level of hierarchy used in fair value measurement is determined at the lowest level with relevant significant inputs to the measurement.
A transfer of financial instruments between levels of the hierarchy is recognized at the date when the cause of the transfer or change in circumstances occurs.
The table below presents the financial assets and liabilities measured at the fair values in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 As at March 31, 2017
    Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
     Financial assets
    Assets related to securities business
    Operational investment securities and other investment securities
   Financial assets measured at FVTPL
    Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
 Total financial assets
      Financial liabilities
    Trade and other accounts payable
    Liabilities related to securities business
 Total financial liabilities
              22,816 —
96,206 614 20 —
119,042 614
— — 51,854 —
51,854 —
75,984 —
91,762 511 2,608 —
170,354 511
— — 108,157 —
108,157 —
—
122,100 1,223
123,323
2,118 —
2,118
—
201,388 367
201,755
1,987 —
1,987
(Millions of Yen)
22,816
218,920 1,243
242,979
2,118 51,854
53,972
(Millions of Yen)
75,984
293,661 2,975
372,620
1,987 108,157
110,144
                                                                                     As at March 31, 2018
    Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
     Financial assets
    Assets related to securities business
    Operational investment securities and other investment securities
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL
    Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
 Total financial assets
      Financial liabilities
    Trade and other accounts payable
    Liabilities related to securities business
 Total financial liabilities
                                                                                                  SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 71

The table below presents the financial assets and liabilities not measured at the fair values in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group.
 As at March 31, 2017
    Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
     Financial assets
    Trade and other accounts receivable
    Assets related to securities business
    Operational investment securities and other investment securities
 Total financial assets
      Financial liabilities
    Bonds and loans payable
    Trade and other accounts payable
   Liabilities related to securities business
    Customer deposits for banking business
 Total financial liabilities
              — 477,051
— 2,310,225 75,084 —
75,084 2,787,276
— 518,887 — 50,895 — 2,126,758 — 485,997
— 3,182,537
— 571,703
— 2,760,458 65,329 —
65,329 3,332,161
— 571,879 — 65,942 — 2,562,656 — 537,056
— 3,737,533
(Millions of Yen)
— 477,051
— 2,310,225 3,500 78,584
3,500 2,865,860
— 518,887 — 50,895 — 2,126,758 — 485,997
— 3,182,537
(Millions of Yen)
— 571,703
— 2,760,458 3,545 68,874
3,545 3,401,035
— 571,879 — 65,942 — 2,562,656 — 537,056
— 3,737,533
                                                                                                As at March 31, 2018
    Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
     Financial assets
    Trade and other accounts receivable
    Assets related to securities business
    Operational investment securities and other investment securities
 Total financial assets
      Financial liabilities
    Bonds and loans payable
    Trade and other accounts payable
    Liabilities related to securities business
    Customer deposits for banking business
 Total financial liabilities
                                                                                                             (4) FinancialinstrumentscategorizedasLevel3
Based on the valuation methods and policies as reported to the board of directors, external evaluating agencies and appropriate individuals of the Group measure and analyze the valuation of financial instruments categorized as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The valuation results are reviewed and approved by CFO and General Manager of the Financial and Accounting Division.
The valuation techniques and unobservable inputs used for recurring fair value measurements categorized as Level 3 are as follows:
  123,323
Income approach and market approach
Discount rate P/E ratio EBITDA ratio Illiquidity discount
(Millions of Yen)
5%–10% 9.8–30.4 7.9–24.8 10%–30%
(Millions of Yen)
12%–16% 17.0–45.2 1.2 25.0–40.0 10%–20%
          As at March 31, 2018
    Fair Value
Valuation Technique
Unobservable Input
Range
              Operational investment securities and other investment securities
201,755
Income approach and market approach
Discount rate
P/E ratio
Price to book value ratio EBITDA ratio Illiquidity discount
              72
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
Fair Value
As at March 31, 2017
   Valuation Technique
Unobservable Input
Range
      Operational investment securities and other investment securities
    
Within the recurring fair value measurements of financial instruments categorized as Level 3, the fair value of “Operational investment securities” and “Other investment securities,” which is measured through the income approach or market approach, increases (decreases) when the discount rate decreases (increases), when the P/E ratio increases (decreases), when the price to book value ratio increases (decreases), when the EBITDA ratio increases (decreases), or when the illiquidity discount decreases (increases).
With respect to the financial instruments categorized as Level 3, no significant impact on the fair values is assumed even if one or more of the unobservable inputs were changed to reasonably possible alternative assumptions.
The movement of financial assets and liabilities categorized as Level 3 is presented as follows:
109,708 1,122 29 — 36,910 —
(1,527) — — 150 (5,185) —
(Millions of Yen)
110,830 1,987 29 200 36,910 —
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    Financial assets
Financial liabilities
   Operational investment securities and other investment securities
  For the year ended March 31, 2017
Financial assets measured at FVTPL
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
Total
Trade and other accounts payable
     Balance as at April 1, 2016
    Acquisitions through business combinations
    Purchase
    Comprehensive income
    Net profit (Note 1)
    Other comprehensive income (Note 2)
    Dividends
    Sale or redemption
   Settlements
    Currency translation differences
    Others (Note 3)
    Transferred from Level 3 (Note 4)
 Balance as at March 31, 2017
                                                (1,527) — 150 — (5,185) — (13,630) (59) (13,689) —
                                            — — (118) 10 906 —
— (69) (108) — 906 — (4,993) —
123,323 2,118
(Millions of Yen)
                                 (4,993)
122,100
—
1,223
             For the year ended March 31, 2018
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
   Operational investment securities and other investment securities
  Financial assets measured at FVTPL
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
Total
Trade and other accounts payable
     Balance as at April 1, 2017
    Acquisitions through business combinations
    Purchase
   Comprehensive income
    Net profit (Note 1)
    Other comprehensive income (Note 2)
    Dividends
    Sale or redemption
    Settlements
   Currency translation differences
    Others (Note 3)
    Transferred from Level 3 (Note 4)
 Balance as at March 31, 2018
    1,223
60,884 — 60,884 —
37,668 — 37,668 (31) — 35 35 — (8,325) — (8,325) — (3,862) (310) (4,172) —
— — — (100) (1,940) (2) (1,942) — ———— (5,137) (579) (5,716) —
201,388 367 201,755 1,987
Notes:
1. Gains and losses recognized as profit (loss) for the period in relation to the financial instruments are included in “Revenue” in the consolidated statement of income. Gains and losses
recognized arising from the financial assets measured at FVTPL held as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥3,041 million of losses and ¥37,409 million of gains, respectively.
2. Gains and losses recognized as other comprehensive income (loss) in relation to the financial instruments are included in “FVTOCI financial assets” in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.
3. Transfer due to obtaining or losing of control.
4. Transfer due to significant input used to measure the fair value becoming observable.
122,100 ————
123,323 2,118
                                                                                                                                  SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 73

6. Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
Quantitative information for recognized financial assets and recognized financial liabilities set off in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the amounts of potential effect of recognized financial assets and recognized financial liabilities subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement that are not set off in the consolidated financial position of the Group are presented as follows:
       As at March 31, 2017
Gross amounts of recognized financial assets
Gross amounts of recognized financial liabilities set off in the consolidated statement of financial position
Net amounts of financial assets presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Financial assets
 Related amounts not set off in the consolidated statement
of financial position
 Financial instruments
Cash collateral received
Net amount
       Assets related to securities business (Securities borrowing agreements and
other similar transactions)
    Assets related to securities business (Receivables related to securities transactions)
    Assets related to securities business
(Financial assets related to foreign exchange transactions)
    1,140,312
287,576 6,752
1,441,678 1,133,945 153,083
1,546,241
352,936 13,438
(356,987)
(194,397) —
(356,987) (194,397) —
(444,204)
(206,904) —
783,325
93,179 6,752
1,084,691 939,548 153,083
1,102,037
146,032 13,438
(671,519)
(21,593) (381)
(690,523) (21,593) (6,386)
(950,844)
(21,442) (539)
(Millions of Yen)
(111,649) 157
— 71,586 (6,005) 366
(Millions of Yen)
— 394,168 — 917,955 — 146,697
(Millions of Yen)
(150,906) 287
— 124,590 (12,301) 598
                                                         As at March 31, 2017
Gross amounts of recognized financial liabilities
Gross amounts of recognized financial assets set off in the consolidated statement of financial position
Net amounts of financial liabilities presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Financial liabilities
 Related amounts not set off in the consolidated statement
of financial position
 Financial instruments
Cash collateral pledged
Net amount
       Liabilities related to securities business
(Securities loan agreements and other similar transactions)
    Liabilities related to securities business (Payables related to securities transactions)
    Liabilities related to securities business
(Financial liabilities related to foreign exchange transactions)
                                                             As at March 31, 2018
Gross amounts of recognized financial assets
Gross amounts of recognized financial liabilities set off in the consolidated statement of financial position
Net amounts of financial assets presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Financial assets
 Related amounts not set off in the consolidated statement
of financial position
 Financial instruments
Cash collateral received
Net amount
       Assets related to securities business
(Securities borrowing agreements and other similar transactions)
    Assets related to securities business (Receivables related to securities transactions)
   Assets related to securities business
(Financial assets related to foreign exchange transactions)
                                                        74
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

      As at March 31, 2018
Gross amounts of recognized financial liabilities
Gross amounts of recognized financial assets set off in the consolidated statement of financial position
Net amounts of financial liabilities presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Financial liabilities
 Related amounts not set off in the consolidated statement
of financial position
 Financial instruments
Cash collateral pledged
Net amount
       Liabilities related to securities business
(Securities loan agreements and other similar transactions)
    Liabilities related to securities business (Payables related to securities transactions)
    Liabilities related to securities business
(Financial liabilities related to foreign exchange transactions)
    1,854,136 1,263,596 203,168
(444,204) (206,904)
—
1,409,932 1,056,692 203,168
(986,652) (21,442) (12,840)
(Millions of Yen)
— 423,280 — 1,035,250 — 190,328
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                   The rights of set-off for recognized financial assets and liabilities that are subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement are enforced when debt default or other specific events that are unexpected in the ordinary course of business occurs, and have an effect on realization or settlement of individual financial assets and liabilities.
7. Financial Risk Management
(1) Risk management policy over capital management and financing
In order to maintain financial strength, the Group has basic capital management policies to maintain an appropriate level of capital and debt equity structure.
The balances of interest-bearing debt (Bonds and borrowings), cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company which the Group manages were as follows:
SBI SAVINGS BANK whose headquarter is in the Republic of Korea is obligated to maintain certain level of capital adequacy ratio in conformity with the Saving Bank Act or the Main Shareholder eligibility standard. If the capital adequacy ratio falls below certain level, Korean Financial Services Commission may give warning or order business suspension.
The Group engages in a wide range of finance related businesses, such as investment business, fund management business, securities business, banking business, loan business and insurance businesses, to avoid excessive concentration of risk on specific entities or businesses. To operate these businesses, the Group raises funds through indirect financing such as bank borrowings, direct financing such as bond issuance and equity financing, transactions with securities financing companies, and receiving customer deposits for banking business. The Group also considers the market environment and maintains an appropriate strategy for short and long term financing.
The Group conducts trading of derivative instruments including foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps and index futures. The Group enters into foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swap transactions primarily to hedge foreign exchange risk and to manage its interest rate exposures on borrowings, respectively. The Group does not hold or issue these instruments for speculative purposes. Index futures are entered into for the purpose of day trading with a cap placed on their trading volume. Index futures were mainly daily trading under a limited trading scale.
In order to maintain financial strength and appropriate operational procedures, it is the Group’s basic policy of risk management to identify and analyze various risks relevant to the Group entities and strive to carry out integral risk management using appropriate methods.
The Group is exposed to the following risks over financial instruments:
• Credit risk
• Market risk
• Liquidity risk
      As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
    Interest-bearing debt (Bonds and borrowings)
518,977 (391,572)
127,405
377,992
(Millions of Yen)
571,277 (437,148)
134,129
427,815
       Cash and cash equivalents
  Net
  Equity attributable to owners of the Company
       Pursuant to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act (“FIEA”) and Insurance Business Act of Japan, domestic subsidiaries of the Group are obligated to maintain a certain level of capital adequacy ratio.
Significant capital adequacy regulations under which domestic subsidiaries of the Group are obligated are as follows:
1. SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd. is required to maintain a certain level of capital-to-risk ratio set forth under the FIEA. If the ratio falls below 120%, the Financial Services Agency (“FSA”) may order changes to operational methods and other changes.
2. SBI Life Insurance Co., Ltd., SBI Insurance Co., Ltd. and SBI Insurance Group Co., Ltd. are required to maintain a certain level of Solvency Margin Ratio in conformity with the Insurance Business Act of Japan. If the Solvency Margin Ratio falls below 200%, the FSA may order submission and implementation of a reasonable improvement plan for sound management.
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 75

76
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
(2) Risks arising from financial instruments
Financial assets held by the Group primarily consist of investment-related assets, securities-related assets and financing-related assets.
Investment-related assets include operational investment securities, other investment securities, and investments in associates which primarily represent investments in stocks and funds. These assets are held for the purpose of fostering the development of venture capital portfolio companies or earning capital gains. These assets are exposed to the issuer’s credit risk and the stock price fluctuation risk. Furthermore, unlisted equity securities are exposed to liquidity risk and investment assets denominated in foreign currency are exposed to the risk of foreign exchange fluctuations.
Securities-related assets consist of cash segregated as deposits, margin transaction assets, trading instruments, trade date accrual, and short-term guarantee deposits. These assets are exposed to the credit risk and the interest rate risk of the brokerage customers of the Group, securities financing companies, and financial institutions. Trading instruments are exposed to the credit risk of issuers and the risk of market price fluctuation. Trading instruments, trade date accrual, and short- term guarantee deposits are presented as “other assets related to securities business” in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Financing-related assets consist of operational loans receivable. These assets mainly include real estate loans for companies and individuals, and unsecured personal loans. These assets are exposed to credit risk of accounts, such as default due to worsening economic conditions with higher credit risk exposure, and interest rate risk. Financing-related assets are presented as “trade and other accounts receivable” in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Financial liabilities of the Group primarily consist of loans payable, bonds payable, customer deposits for the banking business and securities-related liabilities. The loans payable of the Group are exposed to liquidity risk from changes in the pricing policy of the financial institutions to the Group. Also, the bonds payable are exposed to liquidity risk that restricts the Group’s ability to raise funds due to changes in market conditions or the lowering of the credit rating of the Group. Customer deposits for the banking business are important financing arrangements and are managed considering adequate safety but are exposed to liquidity risk which makes it difficult to arrange requisite finance due to withdrawals or other reasons.
Securities-related liabilities consist of margin transaction liabilities, loans payable secured by securities on repurchase agreement transactions, deposits from customers, guarantee deposits received from margin transactions, and trade date accrual. The financing environment of the security business operated by the Group is affected by changes in the business policy of securities financing companies and the investment strategy. The Group exercises control by matching the financing with the related security assets. Trade date accrual is presented as other liabilities related to securities business in the consolidated statement of financial position.
The Group enters into foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swap transactions primarily to hedge the risk of short-term foreign exchange fluctuations relating to the settlement of foreign currency denominated receivables and
payables and purchase and sale transactions of securities denominated in foreign currencies and to manage its interest rate exposures on borrowings, respectively.
The Group manages index futures as a part of its investment business, which is exposed to market risk. Because the counterparties of foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swap agreements are limited to creditworthy major Japanese financial institutions and index futures are traded in the public market, the credit risk arising from default is considered to be minimal.
(3) Risk management system over financial instruments
The Company assigns a risk management officer who is in charge of risk management and sets up a risk management department in line with the risk management rules and the group management rules in order to properly analyze and control these risks. The risk management department analyzes and monitors the Group’s risk on a timely basis.
(4) Credit risk management
Credit risk is the risk that the Group may suffer losses from decrease or losses of assets due to deteriorated financial conditions of investees/debtors. Credit risk includes country risk that the Group may suffer losses from changes in the currency, political or economic circumstances of a country where investees/debtors operate.
Credit risk management policies of the Group are as follows:
(a) Accurately analyze financial conditions of investees/debtors
and quantify relevant credit risk.
(b) Appropriately manage the Group’s own capital and the
related risks by periodic monitoring.
(c) Under foreign investments or lending transactions, the
Group identifies intrinsic risk of investees/debtors with domestic/foreign offices as well as overseas partners followed by periodic monitoring.
(d) Recognize investment risk as significant risk to be controlled among various credit risks and perform detailed analysis of fluctuation in risk associated with operational investment securities.
The Group operates in line with the above risk management policies. Subsidiaries which allow credits to corporate or individual customers as a part of business are monitored in accordance with respective basic rules as needed.
The maximum exposure to credit risk for financial assets excluding the evaluation value of collateral is the carrying amount of financial assets after impairment loss presented in the consolidated statement of financial position. The maximum exposure to credit risk for loan commitment, which the Group grants, is as described in Note 33 “Contractual Liabilities”.
The Group evaluates recoverability of operating receivables and other receivables by considering the credit condition of customers and recognizes impairment losses. The Group is not exposed to excessively concentrated credit risk from a specific customer.
Impairment losses and analysis of the age regarding “trade and other accounts receivable” presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
There are no financial assets that are past due related to the

securities business.
Impairment losses regarding trade and other accounts receivable as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
The investment portfolios as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
    As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
   Operational investment securities
  Listed equity securities
  Unlisted equity securities
  Bonds
  Investments in funds
 Total
    Other investment securities
  Listed equity securities
  Unlisted equity securities
    Bonds
  Investments in funds
 Total
               Impairment losses
As at March 31, 2017
502,204 (30,076)
472,128
(Millions of Yen)
597,221 (26,755)
570,466
17,212 66,749 4,602 22,504
111,067
133 5,020 94,717 86,642
186,512
(Millions of Yen)
30,404 129,818 6,549 24,243
191,014
2,790
4,052 82,639 83,835
173,316
As at March 31, 2018
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
        Trade and other accounts receivable (gross)
                   Trade and other accounts receivable (net)
           The analysis of the age of trade and other accounts receivable that are past due but not impaired as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
(Millions of Yen)
123 403 94 3 23 77
240 483
Trade and other accounts receivable include the amount recoverable by insurance or collateral. Collateral received mainly consists of real estate assets received on loan to small-middle real estate companies or individual or other assets. Evaluation on receiving collateral is made by an independent third party appraiser and the amount of the loan is determined to be filled with evaluation value. However, the value of the collateral may be inadequate due to a declining real estate market. If the Group obtains collateral assets by exercise of security interests, the Group immediately collects the loan by conducting sales or auction of the assets.
(5) Marketriskmanagement
Market risk is the risk that the Group may suffer losses from fluctuation of interest rate, stock price, foreign exchange rate or other factors.
Market risk management policies of the Group are as follows:
(a) Understand underlying currency and term of assets and
quantify market risk.
(b) Appropriately manage the balance between the Group’s
own capital and its related risk by periodic monitoring.
(c) Never enter into derivative transactions for speculative
purposes in the absence of established operating rules.
a Stock Market Risk
The Group is exposed to stock market risk arising from its investment portfolio. If the market price of operational investment securities and other investment securities held by the Group as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 increased by 10%, profit before income tax expense in the consolidated statement of income would have increased by ¥9,621 million and ¥9,176 million, respectively.
Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk with regard to assets and liabilities dominated in currencies used by various entities other than the Group’s functional currency, mainly including USD and HKD. The Group’s main exposures to foreign exchange risk are as follows:
                               No later than 6 months
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
             Later than 6 months
and not later than 1 year
  b
       Later than 1 year
  Total
       As at March 31, 2017
 Monetary financial instruments dominated in foreign currency
USD
HKD
Others
              Assets
62,912 5,541 42,913 5,270
81,081 6,621 57,408 6,552
(Millions of Yen)
14,464 10,311
(Millions of Yen)
18,134 10,382
          Liabilities
             As at March 31, 2018
USD
HKD
   Monetary financial instruments dominated in foreign currency
Others
            Assets
          Liabilities
            If the foreign currencies strengthened by 1% against the functional currency with all other variables (such as interest rate) held constant, profit before income tax expense in the consolidated statement of income for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 would have increased by ¥244 million and ¥315 million, respectively, mainly as a result of monetary financial instruments dominated in foreign currency held by the Group.
c Interest Rate Risk
The Group is exposed to various interest rate fluctuation risks in its business operations. Interest rate fluctuation affects financial income arising from financial assets, which primarily consist of bank balances, money in trust held by subsidiaries in the financial service business, call loans, and loans receivable from individual and corporate customers, and also affects financial costs arising from financial liabilities, which primarily consist of borrowings from financial institutions, bonds payable, and customer deposits for the banking business.
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 77

In management’s sensitivity analysis, if interest rates had been 100 basis points higher and all other variables were held constant, profit before income tax expense in the consolidated statement of income for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 would have increased by ¥2,840 million and ¥2,988 million,
(6) Liquidityriskmanagement
respectively.
The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments
subject to interest rate risk and all other variables were held constant throughout the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018.
Liquidity risk is defined as the Group’s exposure to the below situations:
–Necessary financing cannot be secured due to deterioration of the Group’s financial condition
–Risk of loss from financing at higher interest rate than usual with no option
–Risk of loss from transaction at significantly unreasonable price with no option or unable to conduct transactions due to severe situation
such as market turmoil.
The Group manages its liquidity risk through the following policies.
(a) Secure various financing arrangements such as bank overdraft facility, bond issuance registration or stock issuance.
(b) Collect information on the Group’s working capital requirement and understand the cash flow positions.
(c) Obtain reports from the department responsible for cash management based upon the liquidity risk management policies stated in (a)
and (b) above to monitor cash flow risks.
Liquidity risk arises from financial liabilities settled by transfer of cash and other financial assets. Balances of financial liabilities held by the Group by maturity are as follows;
         As at March 31, 2017
Carrying amount
Contractual cash flow
Due in one year or less
Due after one year through two years
Due after two years through three years
Due after three years through four years
Due after four years through five years
Due after five years
         Bonds and loans payable
  Trade and other accounts payable
  Liabilities related to securities business
    Customer deposits
for banking business
    518,977 52,887 2,178,612
485,827
571,277 67,806 2,670,813
536,955
523,039 53,038 2,178,612
493,203
577,541 68,026 2,670,813
545,794
352,364 50,405 2,178,612
428,948
382,092 65,729 2,670,813
482,080
138,404 896 —
55,887
57,323 1,004 —
59,172
15,258 383 986 521 — —
8,327 31
54,684 17,322 752 373 — —
4,531 3
(Millions of Yen)
16,558 72 180 50 — —
2 8
(Millions of Yen)
65,905 215 151 17 — —
8 —
                                                                                                     As at March 31, 2018
Carrying amount
Contractual cash flow
Due in one year or less
Due after one year through two years
Due after two years through three years
Due after three years through four years
Due after four years through five years
Due after five years
         Bonds and loans payable
  Trade and other accounts payable
  Liabilities related to securities business
    Customer deposits
for banking business
                                                                                                The Group entered into line of credit agreements (e.g., overdraft facilities) with leading domestic financial institutions to ensure an efficient operating funds procurement and to mitigate liquidity risk.
Contractual amounts and used amounts of overdraft facilities as at each reporting date are as follows:
(Millions of Yen)
345,590 326,766 217,950 169,765
127,640 157,001
  As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
    Lines of credit
       Used balance
  Unused portion
      78
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018

8. Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
Trade and other accounts receivable as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Investments in equity instrument for the purpose of maintaining and improving business relations with the investees are designated as financial assets at FVTOCI by the Group.
Fair values of financial assets measured at FVTOCI presented as “Other investment securities” in the consolidated statement of financial position and related dividends income presented as “Revenue” in the consolidated statement of income consisted of the following, respectively:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
    Trade accounts receivable and installment receivables
3,954
430,967 13,244 23,525
438
472,128
(Millions of Yen)
3,363
522,314 17,935 24,347
2,507
570,466
20 1,223
1,243
(Millions of Yen)
2,608 367
2,975
(Millions of Yen)
       Loans receivable
       Operational receivables
         Deposits in relation to banking business
          Others
Fair value
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
          Total
Listed
             Unlisted
  Maturity analysis to the collection or the settlement of trade and other accounts receivable as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, consisted of the following:
(Millions of Yen)
164,463 177,127 307,665 393,339
472,128 570,466
9. Other Assets Related to Securities Business
Other assets related to securities business as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, consisted of the following:
00 10
10
Name of investee and related fair values of financial assets measured at FVTOCI presented as “Other investment securities” in the consolidated statement of financial position mainly consisted of the following:
(Millions of Yen)
681 2,586 213 —
Fair value at disposal, cumulative gain (net of tax) transferred from other components of equity to retained earnings and dividend income of financial assets measured at FVTOCI disposed during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
(Millions of Yen)
78 14 — 310 60 1
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI are sold (derecognized) to enhance the effective operation and efficiency of assets.
Total
        For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
       No later than 1 year
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
Dividends income
          Listed
       Later than 1 year
       Unlisted
  Total
  Total
                   Trade date accrual
195,732 49,671 46,977 23,260
315,640
10. Operational Investment Securities and Other Investment Securities
(Millions of Yen)
227,484 64,091 125,385 76,993
493,953
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
      Other investment securities
              Short-term guarantee deposits
Money Forward, Inc.
              Loans receivable secured by securities
Asahi Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
                Others
  Total
        For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
 Fair value at disposal
  Cumulative gain
  Dividend income
  Fair value at disposal
  Cumulative gain
  Dividend income
 “Operational investment securities” and “Other investment securities” in the consolidated statement of financial position as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 consisted of the following:
               As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
   Operational investment securities
  Financial assets measured at FVTPL
 Total
    Other investment securities
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL
  Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
    Financial assets measured at amortized cost
 Total
        111,067
111,067
107,853 1,243
77,416
(Millions of Yen)
191,014
191,014
102,647 2,975
67,694
                          186,512
173,316
    SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 79

11. Investments Accounted for Using the Equity Method
(1) Investmentsinassociates
The combined financial information of associates accounted for using the equity method is as follows:
The purpose of using the assets and liabilities of the structured entities is restricted by contractual arrangements between the Group and the structured entities.
(1) Consolidated structured entities
Total assets of the consolidated investment partnerships and investment trusts were ¥69,372 million and ¥97,050 million as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively. Total liabilities were ¥269 million and ¥389 million as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
(2) Unconsolidated structured entities
The Group invests in investment partnerships and investment trusts, etc. that third parties have control on their operations.
The Group has not entered into any arrangement to provide financial support for the assets and liabilities of these structured entities. Accordingly, the maximum exposure to loss resulting from our involvement with unconsolidated structured entities is limited to the carrying amounts, the details of which are as described below:
     (123) 4,105
3,982
57,403
(Millions of Yen)
(1,108) (959)
(2,067)
(Millions of Yen)
32,622
                Impairment losses recognized as the recoverable amount of certain associates fell below the carrying amount at March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥2,191 million and ¥21,295 million, respectively. The impairment loss is included in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
Impairment losses recognized by segment for the year ended March 31, 2017 were ¥2,191 million in the Asset Management Business. Impairment losses recognized by segment for the year ended March 31, 2018 were ¥19 million in the Asset Management Business and ¥21,276 million in the Biotechnology-related Business.
(2) Investments in joint ventures
The combined financial information of joint ventures accounted for using the equity method is as follows:
23,233 83,215
106,448
(Millions of Yen)
24,869 83,468
108,337
             (Millions of Yen)
3,337 115
3,452
(Millions of Yen)
35,743
The maximum exposure indicates the maximum amount of possible losses, but not the possibility of such losses being incurred.
13. Investment Property
The movement of cost and accumulated depreciation and impairment losses of investment property consisted of the following:
    80
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Profit for the year attributable to the Group
For the year ended March 31, 2017
2,972 (406)
2,566
32,991
16,195 (6,883)
3
9,315
(4,168) (49) (42)
2,033 16
(2,210)
(Millions of Yen)
9,315 (6,068)
103
3,350
(Millions of Yen)
(2,210) (4) (7)
1,083 (20)
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    Other comprehensive
income attributable to the Group
 Total comprehensive
income attributable to the Group
   Book value
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
          Cost
As at March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
   Operational investment securities
  Other investment securities
 Total
   For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   Profit for the year attributable to the Group
For the year ended March 31, 2018
  Other comprehensive
income attributable to the Group
    Balance, beginning of year
         Total comprehensive
income attributable to the Group
Sales or disposals
                   As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
 Balance, end of year
      Book value
        Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    12. Structured Entities
Balance, beginning of year
       Depreciation
        The Group conducts investment partnerships and investment trusts for investment activities in Japan and overseas. These investment partnerships and investment trusts raise funds from investors/partners, and provide funding mainly in the form of capital contribution to investees. These investment partnerships are structured in a way that voting rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who controls the partnerships.
(1,158)
Impairment losses
       Sales or disposals
         Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
  Balance, end of year
      
Impairment losses recognized for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥42 million and ¥7 million, respectively, due to a significant decline in fair value of certain investment properties, and were recorded in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of income. Impairment losses for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were recognized in the Asset Management Business. The recoverable amount of the investment properties is measured at fair value less cost of disposal through real estate valuation.
The fair value as at the end of each reporting period is based on a valuation conducted by independent valuation appraisers with appropriate qualifications, who have had recent experience in local practice for relative categories of assets.
The inputs used for the fair value measurement of investment properties are categorized as Level 3 (unobservable inputs).
Rental income from investment property for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 was ¥31 million and ¥3 million, respectively, which was included in “Revenue” in the consolidated statement of income. Expenses incurred in direct relation to the rental income (including repairs and maintenance) for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, were ¥249 million and ¥79 million, respectively, which were included in “Operating cost” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses”.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Carrying amount and fair value
 As at March 31, 2017
 As at March 31, 2018
 Carrying amount
  Fair value
  Carrying amount
  Fair value
 7,105 8,091 2,192
14. Property and Equipment
(Millions of Yen)
2,772
           The movements of cost, accumulated depreciation and impairment loss of property and equipment were as follows:
8,002 10,492 2,008 1,048 894 1,528 — 88
(Millions of Yen)
 Cost
Buildings
Furniture and fixtures
Land
Others
Total
      Balance as at April 1, 2016
  Acquisitions
  Acquisitions through business combinations
  Sales or disposals
  Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
  Others
 Balance as at March 31, 2017
  Acquisitions
  Acquisitions through business combinations
  Sales or disposals
    Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
  Others
 Balance as at March 31, 2018
   21,550 2,510 29 1 1 41 72
                                          (3,172) 11 44
5,808
877 1
(1,291) (7) 5 5 31 —
10,766 2,007
4,887 173 97 —
(636) (230) (12) (28)
(13) 20 107
1,291
707 31
(34)
(4,483) 41 182
19,872
6,644 129
(1,524) (70)
111
25,162
(Millions of Yen)
(9,772) 2,617 (1,960)
(249) (10)
(9,374)
                                                                       (624) (13)
              (17) 119 — — (8)
               6,168
(3,432) 1,696 (470)
(177) (1)
(2,384)
15,102 1,922
(5,630) (42) 921 — (1,303) — (72) — 1 —
(6,083) (42)
1,970
(668) —
(187) —
(10)
(865)
           Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
Buildings
Furniture and fixtures
Land
Others
Total
      Balance as at April 1, 2016
  Sales or disposals
  Depreciation
  Impairment losses
  Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
 Balance as at March 31, 2017
  Sales or disposals
  Depreciation
  Impairment losses
  Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
 Balance as at March 31, 2018
                                                                          328 517 — 20 865 (405) (1,654) — (241) (2,300) — (3) — — (3)
5 13 — 14 32
                                           Carrying amount
Balance as at March 31, 2017
(2,456)
3,424
3,712
(7,210)
4,683
7,892
(42) (1,072) (10,780)
(Millions of Yen)
1,965 426 10,498
1,880 898 14,382
           Buildings
Furniture and fixtures
Land
Others
Total
                       Balance as at March 31, 2018
                SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 81

The carrying amount of property and equipment in the above table includes the carrying amount of the following leased assets:
(Millions of Yen)
2,176 14 2,190
1,906 14 1,920
Impairment losses recognized for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥249 million and ¥3 million, respectively, due to no expectation of initially expected profits and were included in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of income. Impairment losses recognized by segment for the year ended March 31, 2017 were ¥186 million in the Financial Services Business, ¥5 million in the Asset Management Business and ¥58 million in the real estate business, which is included in “Others”, respectively. Impairment losses recognized for the year ended March 31, 2018 were ¥3 million in the Financial Services Business.
15. Intangible Assets
(1) Themovementofcost,accumulatedamortizationandaccumulatedimpairmentlossesofintangibleassetsincludinggoodwill
The movements in cost, accumulated amortization and impairment losses of intangible assets including goodwill for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
                    Cost
Goodwill
Software
Customer relationship
Others
Total
      Balance as at April 1, 2016
  Acquisitions
    Acquisitions through business combinations
  Sales or disposals
  Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
 Balance as at March 31, 2017
  Acquisitions
  Acquisitions through business combinations
    Sales or disposals
  Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
 Balance as at March 31, 2018
   161,573 — 1,947
(4,088) 1,791
161,223
— 4,113
(1,014) (340)
163,982
(8,550) —
— (5) —
(8,555)
1,014 —
36,243 33,505 2,668
(Millions of Yen)
233,989 7,290 2,805
(9,522) 1,981
236,543
7,598
4,990 (4,081) (1,043)
244,007
(Millions of Yen)
(45,535) 3,960 (8,682)
(422) (371)
(51,050)
              7,283 18 (3,805) 109
39,848
6,528 877
(3,067) 6
44,192
(20,795) 3,521 (5,388)
(417) (104)
(23,183)
— 7 840 — (1,624) (5)
87 (6)
32,808 2,664
— 1,070 — — — —
(675) (34)
32,133 3,700
(14,817) (1,373) 437 2 (3,017) (277) — —
(265) (2)
(17,662) (1,650)
— — (3,009) (162) (5,709) —
                                                                                                               Accumulated amortization and impairment losses
Goodwill
Software
Customer relationship
Others
Total
      Balance as at April 1, 2016
  Sales or disposals
  Amortization
  Impairment losses
  Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
 Balance as at March 31, 2017
  Sales or disposals
  Amortization
  Impairment losses
  Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign operations
 Balance as at March 31, 2018
                                                                          1,939 (5,668) (135)
2,953 (8,839) (5,878)
                            (34)
— 25 480 10 515
               (7,575)
152,668
156,407
(27,022)
16,665
17,170
(25,900)
15,146
6,233
(1,802)
1,014
1,898
(62,299)
(Millions of Yen)
185,493
181,708
                                        82
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Carrying amount
Furniture and fixtures
The carrying amount of software in the above table as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 includes the carrying amount of leased assets of ¥801 million and ¥733 million, respectively. Amortization expenses were recorded in “Operating cost” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
Others
Total
    Balance as at March 31, 2017
  Balance as at March 31, 2018
  Carrying amount
Balance as at March 31, 2017
Goodwill
Software
Customer relationship
Others
Total
        Balance as at March 31, 2018
  
(2) Impairmentlossesforeachbusinesssegment
The Group recognized impairment losses totaling ¥422 million and ¥5,878 million for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively, due to no expectation of initially expected profits, and recorded them in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of income. Impairment losses recognized by segment for the year ended March 31, 2017 were ¥413 million in the Financial Services Business and ¥9 million in the Asset Management Business, respectively. Impairment losses recognized by segment for the year ended March 31, 2018 were ¥138 million in the Financial Services Business, ¥31 million in the Asset Management Business and ¥5,709 million in the Biotechnology-related Business, respectively. The impairment losses recognized in the Biotechnology-related Business were recognized for certain drug development pipelines (recoverable amount: ¥2,660 million).
(3) Carryingamountofgoodwill
Goodwill arising from business combinations is allocated to cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination at the date of acquisition of the business.
Significant goodwill arising from business combinations were ¥107,235 million and ¥106,701 million as at March 31,
16. Deferred Taxation
2017 and 2018, respectively, related to SBI SAVINGS BANK in the Asset Management Business and ¥24,910 million as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, related to SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd. in the Financial Services Business.
The recoverable amounts used for impairment test of goodwill and intangible assets are calculated based on the value in use. Value in use is the present value calculated by discounting the estimated cash flows based on the projection approved by management and a growth rate. The business plans are not longer than five years in principle, and reflect the management assessments of future industry trends and historical data based on the external and internal information. The growth rate is determined by considering the long-term average growth rate of the market or the country which the CGU belongs to. The growth rate used for measuring value in use was 3% at the maximum per annum as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively. The discount rate used for measuring value in use was 5.9% to 25.9% and 9.4% to 26.2% per annum as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
Any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized and movements thereon during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
  For the year ended March 31, 2017
As at April 1, 2016
Recognized through profit or loss
Recognized through other comprehensive income
Change in scope of consolidation
Recognized directly in equity
As at March 31, 2017
       Deferred Tax Assets
  Impairment on financial assets measured at amortized cost
  Fixed assets (Note)
  Enterprise tax payable
  Tax loss carryforwards
  Other
 Total
    Deferred Tax Liabilities
  Financial Assets measured at FVTPL
  Financial Assets measured at FVTOCI
  Financial Assets measured at amortized cost
    Investments accounted for using the equity method
  Intangible assets
  Other
 Total
                    924 813 648
1,976 924
5,285
7,265 4 1,291 — 6,372 540
15,472
(9) — (143) — 22 — (1,726) — (102) —
(1,958) —
165 — — 32 (167) — (1,598) 1,270
(Millions of Yen)
— — 915 (183) — 487 — — 670 (180) — 70 — 6 828
                                                                     (363)
(5,162) —
6 2,970
— 2,268 — 36 — 1,124 — 4,834 — 4,672 — 239
— 13,173
                                                                                — 5,162 (1,477) (48) (175) (302) 1 —
                                                    (3,379) 1,255 (175)
            SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 83

 For the year ended March 31, 2018
As at April 1, 2017
Recognized through profit or loss
Recognized through other comprehensive income
Change in scope of consolidation
Recognized directly in equity
As at March 31, 2018
       Deferred Tax Assets
  Impairment on financial assets measured at amortized cost
    Fixed assets (Note)
  Enterprise tax payable
  Tax loss carryforwards
  Other
 Total
    Deferred Tax Liabilities
    Financial Assets measured at FVTPL
  Financial Assets measured at FVTOCI
    Financial Assets measured at amortized cost
  Investments accounted for using the equity method
  Intangible assets
  Other
 Total
                    915 487 670
70 828
2,970
2,268 36 1,124 4,834 4,672 239
(284) — — (13) — 6 312 — — (12) — — 703 — —
706 — 6
7,369 — — — 584 —
(Millions of Yen)
— 631 — 480 — 982 — 58
                                                                                                                                                     — — (330) — (45) — 260 — —
(539)
(539)
— — — — — —
—
992
3,143
9,637 620 861 1,748 1,841 499
15,206
(263) (2,756) (2,786)
                                                    13,173 1,824 209 —
            Note: Fixed assets represent property and equipment, and investment property.
In assessing the recoverability of the deferred tax assets, the Group considers the future taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. The tax losses for which deferred tax assets were not recognized as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, were ¥268,431 million (including ¥227,757 million with the carryforward period over 5 years), and ¥261,141 million (including ¥200,167 million with the carryforward period over 5 years), respectively.
The Group recognized deferred tax assets of ¥10 million and ¥18 million as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively, associated with certain subsidiaries that had net losses during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018. The Group’s management assessed that it is probable that tax credit
17. Bonds and Borrowings
(1) Detailsofbondsandborrowings
Bonds and borrowings as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, consisted of the following:
carryforwards and deductible temporary differences will be utilized as the tax losses are not expected to arise on an ongoing basis.
As at March 31, 2017 and 2018, in principle, the Group did not recognize a deferred tax liability on the taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group was in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it was probable that such differences would not reverse in the foreseeable future. The amount of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries on which deferred tax liabilities were not recognized were ¥126,829 million and ¥180,257 million as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
 (Millions of Yen) (%)
  As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
Average interest rate (Note 1)
Due (Note 2)
     Short-term loans payable
    Current portion of long-term loans payable
   Current portion of bonds payable
    Long-term loans payable
    Bonds payable
 Total
   262,336 26,694 61,003 56,763
112,181
518,977
232,049 56,770 91,288 38,045
153,125
571,277
0.44 — 0.49 — — — 0.38 2019–2033 — —
                                                     84
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Notes: 1. The average interest rate is calculated using the weighted average coupon rate of the outstanding balance as at March 31, 2018. 2. The due represents the repayment term of the outstanding balance as at March 31, 2018.

Details of the bonds were as follows:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
  Issuer and the name of bond
Date of issuance
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
Interest rate (Note 1)
Due
      The Company
Japanese yen straight bond (Note 2)
  The Company
No. 6 Unsecured straight bond
  The Company
No. 7 Unsecured straight bond
  The Company
No. 8 Unsecured straight bond
  The Company
No. 9 Unsecured straight bond
  The Company
No. 10 Unsecured straight bond
    The Company
No. 11 Unsecured straight bond
  The Company
No. 12 Unsecured straight bond
  The Company
No. 13 Unsecured straight bond
  The Company
No. 14 Unsecured straight bond
  The Company
Euroyen convertible bonds (Note 3)
    The Company
Exchangeable bond (Note 2)
  SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd.
Exchangeable bond · Stock price linked bond (Note 2)
  SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd.
Japanese yen straight bond (Note 2)
  SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd. No. 1 Microfinance bond
  SBI Trade Win Tech Co., Ltd. No. 1 Unsecured straight bond
 Total
   June 2016– March 2017
December 2014
March 2016
April 2016
June 2016
September 2016
June 2017
June 2017
March 2018
March 2018
November 2013– September 2017
December 2017– March 2018
January 2016– March 2018
March 2018
August 2016– August 2017
March 2014
(Millions of Yen) (%)
59,902 59,977 0.48–0.70 29,969 — 2.00 14,962 14,981 1.10
4,985 4,999 0.75 15,941 15,955 0.85 13,956 13,974 0.55
— 12,967 0.60 — 16,943 0.90 — 17,939 0.45 — 17,929 0.70
29,614 48,478 — — 1,124 0.54 2,990 8,788 0.31–0.69 — 10,000 0.40 785 319 2.20–2.50 80 40 1.99
173,184 244,413
June 2018– March 2019
January 2018
March 2019
April 2018
June 2021
September 2019
June 2020
June 2022
March 2021
March 2023
November 2017– September 2022 December 2019– March 2023
July 2017– March 2023
March 2019
August 2017– November 2018
March 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Notes: 1. Interest rate is the coupon rate of the balance as at March 31, 2018. The interest rate of the bonds hedged with interest rate swap is the interest rate after the swap execution.
2. The aggregate amount issued based on euro medium term note program is stated above.
3. The stock acquisition rights of Euroyen convertible bonds are recognized as embedded derivatives. The amount of the stock acquisition rights are separated from the host, measured
at fair value, and recorded as capital surplus after tax effects.
(2) Assets pledged as security
Assets pledged for liabilities and contingent liabilities were as follows:
18. Trade and Other Payables
The components of trade and other payables were as follows:
      As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
     As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
    Trade and other accounts receivable
    Accounts payable and notes payable
       Other financial assets
       Accounts payable-other
       Property and equipment
       The corresponding liabilities were as follows:
9,453 6 308
9,767
7,648
(Millions of Yen)
8,142 145 296
8,583
(Millions of Yen)
7,741
2,025 11,941
35,650 3,271
52,887
(Millions of Yen)
632 12,468
51,474 3,232
67,806
Advances received and guarantee deposit received
  Total
             Finance lease liability
  Total
           As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
    Bonds and borrowings
      Besides the above, securities received as collateral for financing from broker’s own capital of ¥25,621 million and ¥29,677 million were pledged as collateral for borrowings on margin transactions as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 85

19.OtherLiabilitiesRelatedtoSecuritiesBusiness
The components of other liabilities related to the securities business were as follows:
(b) Conductingofstresstesting
The Group regularly conducts stress testing assuming scenarios such as significant deterioration in the investment environment or the worsening of the incidence rate of insured accidents, in order to analyze the impact on financial soundness, and reports the results of stress testing to the Risk Management Committee, etc.
(c) Insuranceunderwritingrisk
Regarding insurance underwriting risk, the department-in- charge of each company engaged in the insurance business determines its underwriting policies, and conducts risk control by managing the risk portfolio, reforming or abolishing products, establishing the underwriting standards, changing sales policies, designing and arranging reinsurance, etc.
(2) Insurancecontractliabilities
(a) Detailsandmovementsofinsurancecontractliabilities
Insurance contract liabilities as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, consisted of the following:
 (Millions of Yen)
251,333 286,267 51,853 108,157 1,290 1,020
304,476 395,444
     As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
    Trade date accrual
                 20. Insurance Contract Liabilities
 (1) Riskmanagementsystemoverinsurancecontracts
The Group engages in the insurance business such as life and casualty insurance and strives to accurately identify, analyze and assess as well as appropriately manage and administer risk relating to insurance contracts in order to secure management stability. The subsidiaries engaged in the insurance business have established a Risk Management Committee which strives to identify a wide range of risks associated with insurance contracts, and regularly and continuously reports to their respective board of directors, etc. about the risks to ensure the effectiveness of risk management. The Group’s primary approach to risks relating to insurance contracts is as follows:
(a) Marketriskmanagement
Interest rate risk management
Considering the long-term nature of insurance liabilities, the Group invests principally in bonds. For investments in bonds, interest rate fluctuation risk is mitigated by matching the duration of bonds (to the extent of bond price fluctuations due to interest rate fluctuations) with the duration of policy reserves within certain parameters.
Price fluctuation risk management
Regarding market risk management, the Group conducts risk management focusing on indices such as VaR (Value at Risk), which denotes the maximum loss amount expected due to market changes based on the confidence interval, and Basis Point Value (BPV), which denotes price fluctuations in the bond portfolio due to changes in the market interest rate, in addition to identifying risks based on the Solvency Margin Ratio.
Net cash outflows by due period resulting from recognized insurance liabilities are as follows:
142,260 44,852
15,317 132,256
147,573
(Millions of Yen)
16,150 126,110
142,260
            The movements in insurance contract liabilities for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
(Millions of Yen)
147,573
(18,973)
173 9,823
36,027 (34,149)
1,786
142,260
59,446
    For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   Balance, beginning of year
  Life insurance business
  Expected cash flows from policy reserves
  Interest incurred
    Adjustments
  Non-life insurance business
  Insurance premiums
  Unearned premium
  Others
 Balance, end of year
                                                  24,022
154,133
(19,987)
143 9,584
33,264 (30,987) 1,423
147,573
13,940
              86
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Trading products
  Deposits for subscription
 Total
      As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
   Claims reserves
  Policy reserves
 Total
  Total
No later than 1 year
1 to 3 years
3 to 5 years
Over 5 years
      Insurance contract liabilities
 
(b) Sensitivitytoinsurancerisk
In the life insurance business, the Group records insurance contract liabilities by estimating the present value of all cash flows generated from insurance contracts using the prerequisite conditions at initial recognition.
The prerequisite conditions include discount rates (interest rates), death rates, morbidity rates, renewal rates, business expenses and commission, etc. In the case where increases in death rates, morbidity rates, business expenses and commission are expected, future net income and equity are expected to decrease due to the increase in future cash
outflows. In the case where the liability adequacy test reveals that insurance contract liabilities are insufficient for the amount of reserves determined based on the prerequisite conditions at initial recognition, it may be necessary to recognize the effects for the period of increasing insurance contract liabilities at the end of each reporting period.
(3) Concentrationofinsurancerisk
The Group is not exposed to excessively concentrated insurance risk since the insurance contract portfolios are dispersed geographically throughout Japan.
(4) Claimsdevelopment(differencebetweenactualclaimandpreviousestimates)ofnon-lifeinsurancebusinessisasfollows:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Accident year
     2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
      Cumulative payments and claim reserves
  At end of accident year
  1 year later
    2 year later
  3 year later
  4 year later
 Estimate of cumulative claims
 Less: Cumulative payments to date
 Claim reserves (gross)
                16,518 16,377 16,442 16,810 16,513 17,188 16,802 17,457 17,114 —
17,114 17,457
16,827 17,055
287 402
18,471 18,813 19,442
— —
19,442
18,406
1,036
(Millions of Yen)
20,489 22,682 21,018 — — — — — — —
21,018 22,682
18,730 14,822
2,288 7,860
                                                            21. Leases as Lessee
The Group leases servers for online transaction systems and certain other assets under finance leases. Future minimum lease payments and their present value under finance lease contracts of each payment period as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
The Group leases office buildings and certain other assets under operating leases. The total future minimum lease payments recorded as expenses under cancellable or non-cancellable operating lease contracts for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were 4,429 million and ¥4,831 million, respectively.
22. Capital Stock and Other Equity Items
(1) Capitalstockandtreasurystock
The number of authorized shares as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 was 341,690,000 shares.
The Company’s issued shares were as follows:
(Shares)
224,561,761 224,561,761 —— 224,561,761 224,561,761
     Future minimum lease payments
As at March 31, 2017
As at March 31, 2018
   No later than 1 year
  Future minimum lease payments
  Less: future financial cost
 Present value
   Later than 1 year and not later than five years
    Less: future financial cost
 Present value
   Later than 5 years
  Future minimum lease payments
  Less: future financial cost
   Total
Present value
   Future minimum lease payments
  Less: future financial cost
 Present value
          961 (55)
906
2,429 (111)
2,318
50 (3)
47
3,440 (169)
3,271
(Millions of Yen)
1,104 (70)
1,034
2,299 (111)
2,188
10 0
10
3,413 (181)
3,232
                 For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
         Number of issued shares
(common shares with no par value)
              As at the beginning of the year
          Increase during the year
        As at the end of the year
                                   SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 87

The Company’s treasury stock included in the above issued shares was as follows:
(2) Reserves
a. Capital surplus
Capital surplus of the Group includes additional paid-in capital of the Company, which is legal capital surplus.
Under the Companies Act of Japan (“the Companies Act”), at least 50% of the proceeds of certain issues of common shares shall be credited to common stock. The remainder of the proceeds shall be credited to additional paid-in capital. The Companies Act permits, upon approval of the shareholders meeting, the transfer of amounts from additional paid-in capital to common stock.
b. Retained earnings
Retained earnings of the Group include the reserve of the Company legally required as legal retained earnings.
The Companies Act provides that a 10% dividend of retained earnings shall be appropriated as additional paid-in capital or as legal retained earnings until the aggregate amount of capital surplus and statutory reserve reaches 25% of common stock. The legal retained earnings may be used to eliminate or reduce a deficit or be transferred to retained earnings upon approval of the shareholders meeting.
     For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    Number of treasury stock
         As at the beginning of the year
17,211,580 6,869,170
(Shares)
20,954,080 6,341,261
         Increase during the year (Notes 1, 3)
         Decrease during the year (Notes 2, 4)
(3,126,670) (23,516,055) 20,954,080 3,779,286
Notes: 1. The increase of 6,869,170 shares related to the acquisition of 6,855,600 shares subject to Article 156 of the Companies Act (replacement of the third paragraph of Article 165) and 13,570 shares purchased from shareholders with less than one unit of shares.
2 The decrease of 3,126,670 shares related to 930 shares sold to shareholders with less than one unit of shares, appropriation of 2,730,100 shares for the exercise of stock acquisition rights, 44,600 shares sold to the Employee Stockholding Association by the Stock Benefit Trust (Employee Stockholding Association Purchase-type) and 351,040 shares sold.
3 The increase of 6,341,261 shares related to the acquisition of 6,318,500 shares subject to Article 156 of the Companies Act (replacement of the third paragraph of Article 165) and 22,761 shares purchased from shareholders with less than one unit of shares.
4 The decrease of 23,516,055 shares related to 630 shares sold to shareholders with less than one unit of shares, appropriation of 2,387,200 shares for the exercise of stock acquisition rights and appropriation of 21,128,225 shares for the conversion of convertible bonds.
(3) Othercomponentsofequity
The movements of other component of equity were as follows:
   As at the end of the year
   Dividend amount (Millions of Yen)
(Millions of Yen)
17,107 5,627 (14)
22,720
(2,055) (60)
20,605
June 9, 2016 December 12, 2016
June 9, 2017 December 11, 2017
  Other components of equity
   Currency translation differences
Financial assets at FVTOCI
Total
    Balance as at April 1, 2016
    Change for the year
    Transfer to retained earnings
 Balance as at March 31, 2017
    Change for the year
    Transfer to retained earnings
 Balance as at March 31, 2018
                                            23. Dividends
Dividends paid were as follows:
17,194 (87) 5,501 126 — (14)
22,695 25
(3,491) 1,436 — (60)
19,204 1,401
March 31, 2016 September 30, 2016
March 31, 2017 September 30, 2017
    Common shares
Common shares
Common shares
Common shares
7,271 35 2,009 10
8,144 40 3,256 15
                                                      Dividends for which the declared date fell in the year ended March 31, 2018, and for which the effective date will be in the year ending March 31, 2019, are as follows:
 Common shares 15,455 70 March 31, 2018 June 8, 2018
            88
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Year ended March 31, 2017
Year ended March 31, 2018
Type of share
Amount per share (Yen)
Record date
Effective date
     Board of Directors’ Meeting on April 28, 2016
    Board of Directors’ Meeting on October 27, 2016
    Type of share
Dividend amount (Millions of Yen)
Amount per share (Yen)
Record date
Effective date
      Board of Directors’ Meeting on April 28, 2017
    Board of Directors’ Meeting on October 26, 2017
    Year ended March 31, 2018
Board of Directors’ Meeting on April 26, 2018
Type of share
Dividend amount (Millions of Yen)
Amount per share (Yen)
Record date
Effective date
         
24. Share-based Payment
The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have share-based compensation plans for their directors or employees. The share-based compensation plans are granted to persons resolved by the board of directors based on the approval of the shareholders meeting of the Company or certain of its subsidiaries.
(1) Equity-settledshare-basedcompensationplan(“Stockoption”)
Vesting conditions of the stock options include accomplishment of the IPO and holding their positions as directors or employees until the accomplishment of the IPO. Also, certain of the stock options vest upon receipt of cash from the directors or employees for the price equivalent to their fair value.
The expenses arising from granted stock options were ¥395 million and were recorded in “Selling, general and administrative expenses” during the year ended March 31, 2018.
(Shares)
6,547,700 — (2,730,100)
3,817,600
(Yen)
1,247 — 1,247
1,247
(Shares)
3,817,600
6,057,900 (2,387,200)
7,488,300
(Yen)
1,247 1,563 1,247
1,503
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 The outline of the stock option plans of the Group is as follows:
a The Company
The outline of the Company’s stock option plan is as follows:
   For the year ended March 31, 2017
   Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
For the year ended March 31, 2018
 Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
     Beginning balance
    Granted
    Exercised
 Unexercised balance
                                    Notes: 1. Weighted average stock prices upon exercise of stock options for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥1,570 and ¥2,130, respectively.
2. The number of the stock options granted during the year ended March 31, 2018 were 2,799,000 shares of 2017 First Stock Acquisition Rights and 3,258,900 shares of 2017
Second Stock Acquisition Rights, respectively.
The fair value of stock options for the 2017 First Stock Acquisition Rights granted during the year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥3,179 (The number of shares to be issued per stock acquisition right: 100 shares). The fair value was determined based on a Monte Carlo simulation. The following assumptions were used in the Monte Carlo simulation regarding the stock options:
Stock price at the evaluation date : ¥1,563 Exercise price : ¥1,563 Estimated volatility : 36.9%
Estimated remaining exercise period : 4.1 years Dividend yield : 3.20% Risk free rate : (0.07%)
The fair value of stock options for the 2017 Second Stock Acquisition Rights granted during the year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥39,804 (The number of shares to be issued per stock acquisition right: 100 shares). The fair value was determined based on a Black-Scholes Model. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes Model regarding the stock options:
Stock price at the grant date : ¥1,536 Exercise price : ¥1,563 Estimated volatility : 43.3%
Estimated remaining exercise period : 4.5 years
The unexercised stock options as at March 31, 2018 are as follows:
Dividend yield Risk free rate
: 3.26% : (0.15%)
(Yen) (Shares)
    Name
Exercise price
Number of shares
Expiration date
    SBI Holdings, Inc. 2014 Stock Acquisition Rights (Notes 1)
    2017 First Stock Acquisition Rights (Notes 2)
    2017 Second Stock Acquisition Rights
      1,247 1,430,400
1,563 2,799,000
1,563 3,258,900
July 1, 2015– June 30, 2018
July 1, 2020– September 30, 2021
July 29, 2019– September 30, 2024
                          Notes: 1. The stock options vest upon receipt of cash for the price equivalent to their fair value.
2. The stock options vest upon receipt of cash for the price equivalent to their fair value. And a holder of the stock acquisition rights shall be able to exercise the stock acquisition rights
only in the event that the Financial Services Business has achieved ¥50 billion or more in its entire segment profits (profit before income tax expenses) in each fiscal year of the period from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, and also marked ¥170 billion or more in its cumulative segment profits (profit before income tax expenses) for the above three fiscal periods.
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 89

b Subsidiaries
The outline of the Company’s subsidiaries’ stock option plans is as follows.
(a) Stock option plans which were unvested as at March 31, 2018
(Shares) (Yen) (Shares) (Yen)
100 5,000 100 5,000 ————
100 5,000 100 5,000
   For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    a-1 SBI Biotech Co., Ltd.
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
     Beginning balance
    Change
 Unvested balance
                         Notes: 1. The exercise period as at March 31, 2018 was defined as 30 months after 6 months passed from the IPO date.
2. The remaining stock options as at March 31, 2018 were granted before November 7, 2002; thus, the Group does not apply IFRS 2 “hare-based Payment”.
(Shares)
885,200 —
885,200
(Shares)
217,400 160,500 (10,000)
367,900
(Yen) (Shares)
(Yen)
   For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    a-2 SBI MONEYPLAZA Co., Ltd.
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
     Beginning balance
    Forfeited
 Unvested balance
     971 885,200 971 — (885,200) 971
971 — —
                    (Yen)
400 800 540
571
(Shares)
(Yen)
   a-3 BroadBand Security, Inc.
For the year ended March 31, 2017
   Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
For the year ended March 31, 2018
 Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
     Beginning balance
    Granted
    Forfeited
 Unvested balance
     367,900 571 — — (222,900) 422
145,000 800
                               90
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
Notes: 1. The effect of the consolidation of shares executed at the rate of 1 for 100 shares of common stock on October 28, 2016 has been adjusted retrospectively in the number of shares and the weighted average exercise price in the table above.
2. The fair value of stock options granted during the year ended March 31, 2017 was ¥4,053 (The number of shares to be issued per stock acquisition right: 10 shares). The fair value was determined based on the Black-Scholes Model. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes Model regarding the stock options:
Stock price at the grant date Exercise price
Estimated volatility
Estimated remaining exercise period Dividend yield
Risk free rate
: 6 years : 0.00% : (0.07%)
: ¥800
: ¥800
: 56.0%
3. The average remaining exercise period as at March 31, 2018 was 8.0 years.

(b) Stock option plans which were vested at the time of receiving cash
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Shares)
1,499,700 (11,000)
(Shares) (Yen)
—— 608,500 628
608,500 628
(Yen) (Shares)
(Yen)
   For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    b-1 Morningstar Japan K.K.
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
     Beginning balance
    Exercised
 Unvested balance
     267 1,488,700 267 267 (762,300) 267
            267 726,400 267 Notes: 1. Weighted average stock price of stock options upon exercise for the year ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 was ¥338 and ¥395, respectively.
1,488,700
        2. The average remaining exercise period as at March 31, 2018 was 0.2 years.
  For the year ended March 31, 2018
  b-2 SBI FinTech Solutions Co., Ltd.
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
   Beginning balance
    Granted
 Unvested balance
               Notes: 1. The fair value of stock options granted during the year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥9 (The number of shares to be issued per stock acquisition right: 1 share). The fair value was determined based on a Monte Carlo simulation. The following assumptions were used in the Monte Carlo simulation regarding the stock options:
Stock price at the grant date Exercise price
Estimated volatility
Estimated remaining exercise period Dividend yield
Risk free rate
: 6.1 years : 1.59%
: (0.04%)
: ¥628
: ¥628
: 49.6%
2. The average remaining exercise period as at March 31, 2018 was 5.5 years.
(2) Cash-settled share-based compensation plan
Certain of subsidiaries of the Company have cash-settled share-based compensation plans for their directors or employees. The compensation is made in the form of cash-settled payments based on the difference between the exercise price and the stock price as at the exercise date.
The outline of the cash-settled share-based compensation plan of the Group is as follows: (Shares)
(Yen) (Shares)
(Yen)
   For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    SBI FinTech Solutions Co., Ltd.
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
Number of shares
Weighted average exercise price
     Beginning balance
    Exercised
 Unexercised balance
     133,039 259 6,961 259
           (126,078)
259 (423) 259
 6,961 259 6,538 259
        Note: The average remaining exercise period as at March 31, 2018 was 1.3 years.
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 91

25. Revenue
Revenue for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 consisted of the following:
(Millions of Yen)
79,463 101,837 1,524 3,940
10,776 50,262
17,686 18,474 58 116
109,507 174,629 55,605 67,165 70,710 82,983 26,117 12,240
261,939 337,017 Note: Interest income in financial income arises from financial assets measured at amortized
cost.
26. Expense
Expense for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 consisted of the following:
(2) Operating cost
      For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    (8,196) (5,393) (1,168)
(41,690) (42,535)
(98,982)
(Millions of Yen)
(11,293) (7,916) (1,526)
(51,461) (41,352)
(113,548)
(Millions of Yen)
(28,201) (19,996) (9,319) (7,749) (35,112)
(100,377)
(Millions of Yen)
(3,282)
(3,282)
(Millions of Yen)
(27,183) (3,401) (1,857)
(32,411)
    For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   Revenue
  Financial income
  Interest income (Note)
  Dividends received
    Income arising from financial assets measured at FVTPL
  Gain from trading
  Others
 Total financial income
  Revenue arising on insurance contracts
  Revenue from rendering of services
  Others
 Total revenue
                                                 (3) Selling, general and administrative expenses
                                                             (1) Financial cost associated with financial income
(14,543)
(14,543)
(Millions of Yen)
(17,788)
(17,788)
(4) Other financial cost
(5) Other expenses
(25,592) (17,051) (9,222) (8,622) (35,483)
(95,970)
(3,477)
(3,477)
(2,904) (4,143) (1,630)
(8,677)
                                                 92
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
Payroll
  Outsourcing fees
  Depreciation and amortization
  Cost arising on insurance contracts
  Others
 Total operating cost
      For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   Payroll
  Outsourcing fees
  Depreciation and amortization
  Research and development
  Others
 Total selling, general
and administrative expenses
      For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   Other financial cost
  Interest expense
      For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
 Total other financial cost
   Financial cost associated with financial income
    Interest expense
    Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
    For the year ended March 31, 2018
 Total financial cost associated with financial income
For the year ended March 31, 2017
   Impairment loss
    Foreign exchange loss
  Others (Note)
 Total other expenses
  
27. Income Tax Expense
The amount of income tax expenses for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
A reconciliation between the normal effective statutory tax rates and the Group’s average effective tax rate reflected in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 is as follows:
(%)
30.9 30.9 0.8 (0.2)
0.4 (4.0) 1.1 2.4
(0.8) (5.2) 2.0 (1.8)
34.4 22.1
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   Normal effective statutory tax rate
  Permanent differences such as meals and entertainment
  Tax effect on minority interests of investments in fund
    Temporary differences arising
from consolidation of investments
  Change in valuation allowance
  Other
 Average effective tax rate
        For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
     Income tax expense
            Current
(16,257) 1,421
(14,836)
(Millions of Yen)
(14,734) (1,118)
(15,852)
       Deferred
       Total income tax expense
           The Company and its domestic subsidiaries are subject to mainly a national corporate tax, an inhabitants tax, and an enterprise tax, which, in aggregate, resulted in a normal effective statutory tax rate of 30.9%. Foreign subsidiaries are subject to the income taxes of the countries in which they operate.
28. Other Comprehensive Income
                Amounts recorded during the year, reclassification adjustments and income tax effects on each item of other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
 For the year ended March 31, 2017
Amount recorded during the year
Reclassification adjustment
Amount before income tax
Income tax effect
Amount after income tax
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    FVTOCI financial assets
    Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    Currency translation differences
   Share of other comprehensive income of associates
and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method
 Total
                 156
680 5,592
6,428
2,020
(2,378) (1,257) (1,615)
— 156 — 680
(Millions of Yen)
(32) 124 — 680
                                          (623)
(623)
—
(404) 83
(321)
4,969
5,805
2,020
(2,782) (1,174) (1,936)
(1,270)
(1,302)
(584)
— 330
(254)
3,699
4,503
(Millions of Yen)
1,436
(2,782) (844) (2,190)
            For the year ended March 31, 2018
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Amount recorded during the year
Reclassification adjustment
Amount before income tax
Income tax effect
Amount after income tax
        FVTOCI financial assets
  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    Currency translation differences
   Share of other comprehensive income of associates
and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method
 Total
                                                                          SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 93

29. Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company were calculated based on the following information:
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
   Earnings
    Profit attributable to owners of the Company
    Dilutive effect: Convertible bonds
 Profit attributable to owners of the Company after dilutive effect
      Shares
    Basic weighted average number of ordinary shares (shares)
    Dilutive effect: Stock options (shares)
    Dilutive effect: Convertible bonds (shares)
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares after the dilutive effect (shares)
      Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
    Basic (in Yen)
    Diluted (in Yen)
        32,455
435
32,890
203,627,774
206,932
20,645,516
224,480,222
159.38
146.52
(2) Proceeds from sales of subsidiaries
(Millions of Yen)
46,684 377
47,061
211,683,159 1,508,956 25,846,017
239,038,132
220.54 196.88
                                              30. Cash Flow Information
Supplemental disclosure of consolidated statement of cash flow information for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 was as follows:
(1) Expenditures on acquisition of subsidiaries
The amounts of payments for acquisition of subsidiaries were ¥2,944 million and ¥3,044 million for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively. Consideration paid consisted solely of cash and cash equivalents. Amounts of major classes of assets and liabilities of subsidiaries, of which the Group obtained control through share acquisition, at the date of acquisition were as follows:
(Millions of Yen)
976 3,056 31 1,190 1,256 1,502
2,263 5,748
535 741 — 3,857 600 805
1,135 5,403
Total consideration received in respect of sales of subsidiaries was ¥9,693 million and ¥933 million for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively. Amounts of major classes of assets and liabilities of subsidiaries, of which the Group lost control through share sale, at the date of sale were as follows:
(Millions of Yen)
6,349 63 1,878 81 9,998 456
18,225 600
1 74 2,931 19 1,793 80
4,725 173
     For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   Cash and cash equivalents
  Trade and other receivables
  Other assets
 Total assets
    Bonds and loans payable
  Trade and other payables
  Other liabilities
 Total liabilities
                            For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   Cash and cash equivalents
  Trade and other receivables
  Other assets
 Total assets
    Trade and other payables
    Customer deposits for banking business
  Other liabilities
 Total liabilities
                                                      94
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018

(3) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities were as follows:
 As at April 1, 2017
Non-cash changes
    Cash flow from financing activities
Issuance of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Interest expense
Others
As at March 31, 2018
        Borrowings
    Bonds
 Total
   345,794 173,183
518,977
(19,105) 102,986
83,881
— (2,254)
(2,254)
— (29,949)
(29,949)
270 473
743
Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan
Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Hong Kong Singapore Korea
Hong Kong Japan Japan Japan USA
(94) (27)
(121)
100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
99.5 100.0 98.1 77.5
100.0 100.0 100.0
49.5 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
98.9
95.5
84.9 100.0 87.6 100.0
(Millions of Yen)
326,865 244,412
571,277
(100.0) (100.0) (100.0) (100.0) (3.7) (100.0) (98.1)
(100.0)
(49.5) (100.0) (5.0)
(98.9)
(95.5) (84.9) (100.0) (1.1) (100.0)
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   31. Subsidiaries
 Major subsidiaries of the Group as at March 31, 2018 were as follows:
 Business segment
 Name
 Location
 Voting Rights Holding Ratio (%)
 Financial Services Business
Asset Management Business
Biotechnology-related Business
SBI FINANCIAL SERVICES Co., Ltd.
SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd.
SBI Liquidity Market Co., Ltd.
SBI FXTRADE Co., Ltd.
SBI MONEYPLAZA Co., Ltd. SBI Insurance Group Co., Ltd.
SBI Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
SBI Insurance Co., Ltd.
SBI FinTech Solutions Co., Ltd.
SBI Capital Management Co., Ltd. SBI Investment Co., Ltd.
SBI Global Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Morningstar Japan K. K.
SBI Asset Management Co., Ltd. SBI Estate Finance Co., Ltd.
SBI Hong Kong Holdings Co., Ltd. SBI VEN HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.
SBI SAVINGS BANK
SBI ALApharma Co., Limited SBI Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. SBI ALApromo Co., Ltd.
SBI Biotech Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                           Quark Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Note: The figure in the parentheses represents the indirect holding ratio of voting rights or indirect investment ratio included in the total.
            SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 95

32. Related Party Transactions
(1) Related Party Transactions
The Group entered into the following related party transactions during the year ended March 31, 2017.
  Type
  Name
  Relationship with related party
  Transaction description
  Transaction Amount
  Balance
           Corporate officer
Corporate officer
Corporate officer
Corporate officer
Yoshitaka Kitao
Takashi Nakagawa
Shumpei Morita
Masayuki Yamada
Representative Director
Representative Director
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Exercise of stock options (Note 1) Investment in kind of subsidiary (Note 2) Sale of investment in associates (Note 3)
Exercise of stock options (Note 1)
Exercise of stock options (Note 1)
Sale of investment in subsidiary (Note 4)
Exercise of stock options (Note 1)
(Millions of Yen)
873 1,016 204
499
200 45
20
(Millions of Yen)
— — —
—
— —
—
                      Notes: 1. Exercise of stock options represents the exercise of stock acquisition rights which were issued based on the resolution by the Board of Directors meeting held on October 30, 2014, and November 19, 2014, pursuant to Article 236, 238 and 240 of the Companies Act. Stated in the “Transaction Amount” column is the paid-in amount in connection with stock acquisition rights exercised during the year ended March 31, 2017.
2. In connection with a reorganization within the Group, shares held in a subsidiary were invested in kind to subscribe shares issued for a capital increase by another subsidiary. Stated in the “Transaction Amount” column is the amount of capital increased by the transaction, which was determined considering the share price calculation by an independent third-party advisory firm.
3. The sales price of investment in associates was determined based on the market price at the time of each transaction.
4. The sales price of investment in subsidiary was determined based on the stock valuation report of an independent third-party advisory firm.
The Group entered into the following related party transactions during the year ended March 31, 2018.
 Type
  Name
  Relationship with related party
  Transaction description
  Transaction Amount
  Balance
  Corporate officer
Corporate officer
Corporate officer
Corporate officer
Yoshitaka Kitao
Katsuya Kawashima
Shumpei Morita
Tatsuo Shigemitsu
Representative Director
Representative Director
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Issuance of stock options (Note 1)
Issuance of stock options (Note 1) Exercise of stock options (Note 2)
Exercise of stock options (Note 2)
Exercise of stock options (Note 2)
(Millions of Yen)
16
11 187
12
312
(Millions of Yen)
—
— —
—
—
               Notes: 1. Issuance of stock options represents the issuance of stock acquisition rights which were issued based on the resolution by the Board of Directors meeting held on July 27, 2017, and August 29, 2017, pursuant to Article 236, 238 and 240 of the Companies Act. Stated in the “Transaction Amount” column is the paid-in amount in connection with stock acquisition rights issued during the year ended March 31, 2018.
2. Exercise of stock options represents the exercise of stock acquisition rights which were issued based on the resolution by the Board of Directors meeting held on October 30, 2014, and November 19, 2014, pursuant to Article 236, 238 and 240 of the Companies Act. Stated in the “Transaction Amount” column is the paid-in amount in connection with stock acquisition rights exercised during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
(2) The remuneration of key management personnel of the Company for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
34. Events after the Reporting Period
There were no significant events after the reporting period.
 (Millions of Yen)
1,025 1,012
45 1,029 1,017
     For the year ended March 31, 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2018
    Remuneration and bonuses
        Post-employment benefits
   Total
      33. Contract Liabilities
 96
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
The Group has entered into loan agreements with the customers in accordance with the condition of the contracts. The total amount of loan commitments amounted to ¥10,847 million and ¥15,038 million, with an unused portion of ¥4,531 million and ¥10,194 million, as at March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively. However, contracts are revised regularly upon changes to customer’s credit condition and other matters considered necessary to ensure secure credit facilities. Thus, the unused portion of the commitment will not affect the Group’s future cash flow.

Independent Auditor’s Report
  SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 97

The SBI Group
(Principal Group Companies)
A diversified line of financial services
  SBI Holdings, Inc. TSE First Section
   Financial Services Business
Asset Management Business
Private equity investment and overseas financial services business
    1 SBIFINANCIALSERVICESCo.,Ltd.
 Control and management of the
Financial Services Business 100.0%
 1 SBIInsuranceGroupCo.,Ltd.
 Insurance Holding Company 99.5%
 1 SBICapitalManagementCo.,Ltd.
 Control and management of the
private equity business 100.0%
   1 SBIInsuranceCo.,Ltd.
 Internet-based non-life insurance company 98.1%
 1 SBISECURITIESCo.,Ltd.
 Comprehensive online
securities company 100.0%
 1 SBIInvestmentCo.,Ltd.
 Venture capital fund management 100.0%
 1 SBILifeInsuranceCo.,Ltd.
 Life insurance business 100.0%
  1 SBIFinTechIncubationCo.,Ltd.
 Support for introduction of FinTech services 60.0%
 1 SBILiquidityMarketCo.,Ltd.
 Provision of market infrastructure to
supply liquidity to FX margin trading 100.0%
 1 SBISSIHoldingsCo.,Ltd.
 Small-amount, short-term
insurance policy businesses 100.0%
 1 SBIVENTURESSINGAPOREPTE.LTD.
 M&A advisory business 100.0%
 1 SBIFXTRADECo.,Ltd.
 Pure-play FX broker 100.0%
  1 SBIIKIIKISSIInc.
 Small-amount, short-term
insurance policy businesses 100.0%
 1 SBIVENCAPITALPTE.LTD.
 Overseas private equity
fund management 100.0%
 1 SBIMONEYPLAZACo.,Ltd.
 Face-to-face shops that
provide financial products 100.0%
 1 SBIRestaSSICo.,Ltd.
 Small-amount, short-term
insurance policy businesses 99.6%
 1 SBIVenturesMalaysiaSdn.Bhd.
 Fund management in Southeast Asia 100.0%
 1 SBIBenefitSystemsCo.,Ltd.
 Operational management of defined-contribution pension, etc. 66.6%
  1 NihonSmallamount&Short term Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Small-amount, short-term
insurance policy businesses 100.0%
2 SBIInvestmentKOREACo.,Ltd.
KOSDAQ
  1 SBISecurities (Hong Kong) Limited
 Securities company in Hong Kong 100.0%
 Venture capital in South Korea 43.9%
 1 SBISAVINGSBANK
 Savings bank in South Korea 98.9%
 KOSDAQ
 1 SBIBusinessSupportCo.,Ltd.
 Call center planning and
operation, staffing 100.0%
 1 SBIFinTechSolutionsCo.,Ltd.
 1 SBI(China)Co.,Ltd.
 Management of businesses in China 100.0%
 Control and operation of the
e-commerce settlement business and
Group FinTech-related businesses 77.5%
 1 SBITradeWinTechCo.,Ltd.
 Development of financial systems 100.0%
  1 SBI&TH(Beijing)VentureCapital Management Co., Ltd.
 Private equity
fund management in China 100.0%
 1 SBISocialLendingCo.,Ltd.
 Loan and social lending operations 100.0%
 1 BYFXHKCo.,Limited
 Provision of FX trading service and precious
metal trading service in Hong Kong 100.0%
 1 SBIRemitCo.,Ltd.
 International remittance business 100.0%
 1 SBIRoyalSecuritiesPlc.
 Comprehensive securities
company in Cambodia 65.3%
 2 SBIJapannextCo.,Ltd.
 Operation of PTS (Proprietary Trading System) 48.8%
 1 SBIBusinessSolutionsCo.,Ltd.
 Provision of back office support services 100.0%
 1 SBIThaiOnlineSecuritiesCo.,Ltd.
 Online securities in Thailand 99.9%
 1 SBIBITSCo.,Ltd.
 Development and operation of
financial systems 100.0%
 1 SBIRippleAsiaCo.,Ltd.
 Selling agency of
international settlement system 60.0%
 1 SBIBankLLC
 Commercial bank in Russia 100.0%
 2 SBISumishinNetBank,Ltd.
 Internet-based full service bank 50.0%
 1 SBIAutoSupportCo.,Ltd.
 Provision of financial services through
used car dealers, etc. 70.0%
 2 PTBNISEKURITAS
 Securities company in Indonesia 25.0%
 2 JALSBIFinTechCo.,Ltd.
 Joint holding company for the creation of
new business including international brand
prepaid card business 49.0%
98
As of June 30, 2018 / Note: Percentages are the total Group ownership, which is the sum total of the voting rights in possession by the Company and the companies and funds defined as its subsidiaries by IFRSs.
1 Consolidated subsidiary 2 Equity method associate SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018
    
  Asset management-related services
   1 SBIGLOBALASSET MANAGEMENT Co., Ltd.
 Control and management of the
asset management services business 100.0%
  1 MorningstarJapanK.K.
JASDAQ
  Rating information for
investment trust, others 49.5%
  1 MorningstarAssetManagement Co., Ltd.
 Investment advisory services, others 100.0%
 1 SBIAssetManagementCo.,Ltd.
 Investment management and
investment advisory service 100.0%
 1 SBIENERGYCo.,Ltd.
 Power business using renewable energy 100.0%
 1 SBIBondInvestmentManagement Co., Ltd.
 Financial asset-related investment advisory services, agency and investment
management business 90.0%
 1 SBIRegionalRevitalizationAsset Management Co., Ltd.
 Investment management and
investment advisory service 76.0%
 1 SBIGoldCo.,Ltd.
 Provision of online system for trading and management of precious metals 60.0%
 1 SBIArsnovaResearch,Co.,Ltd.
 Arrangement and management of
alternative investments 99.0%
 1 SBIEstateFinanceCo.,Ltd.
 Rent guarantees for rental housing 100.0%
 1 SBIGuaranteeCo.,Ltd.
 Rent guarantees for rental housing 100.0%
  Biotechnology-related Business
Others
 1 SBIALApharmaCo.,Limited
 Management and operation of the
5-ALA-related business 95.5%
 1 SBIDigitalAssetHoldingsCo.,Ltd.
 Control and management of the
digital asset-related businesses 100.0%
 1 SBIPharmaceuticalsCo.,Ltd.
 R&D, manufacturing and sales of pharmaceuticals, health foods and
cosmetics using 5-ALA 84.9%
 1 SBIVirtualCurrenciesCo.,Ltd.
 Cryptocurrency exchange and transaction services and systems provision 100.0%
 1 SBICoVentureAssetManagement Co., Ltd.
 Financial asset-related investment
advisory services agency 70.0%
 1 SBIALApromoCo.,Ltd.
 Manufacturing and sales of health foods and cosmetics using 5-ALA 100.0%
 1 photonamicGmbH&Co.KG
 R&D, manufacturing and sales of pharmaceuticals using 5-ALA 100.0%
 1 SBICapitalBaseCo.,Ltd.
 Construction and operation of a fund-raising support platform using the Internet 100.0%
 1 NXDevelopmentCorp.
 Sales of “Gleolan,” an orally administered diagnostic reagent, in the U.S. 100.0%
 1 SBICryptoCo.,Ltd.
 Business related to digital assets
centering on mining 100.0%
 2 SBINeopharmaFZ-LLC
 Sale of products containing
5-ALA overseas 49.0%
 1 SBICryptoInvestmentCo.,Ltd.
 Investment business such as ownership, management, operation and
acquisition of securities 100.0%
 1 SBIBiotechCo.,Ltd.
 R&D of pharmaceuticals 87.6%
 1 SBIEstateManagementCo.,Ltd.
 Investment in real estate 100.0%
 1 QuarkPharmaceuticals,Inc.
 R&D of siRNA pharmaceuticals 100.0%
 1 SBIWellnessBankCo.,Ltd.
 Healthcare services for membership 100.0%
 TSE Mothers
 2 KubotaPharmaceuticalHoldings Co., Ltd.
 Development of drugs specializing in
ophthalmic diseases 37.9%
 For details of each Group company’s business, please refer to our website (http://www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/company/group/)
     R&D, manufacturing and sales of pharmaceuticals, health foods and cosmetics
  SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 99

Corporate Data
Company Outline (As of March 31, 2018)
Overseas Offices
  Company Name
Date of Establishment Head Office
Number of Employees Paid-in Capital
Fiscal Year
SBI Holdings, Inc. July 8, 1999
Izumi Garden Tower 19F, 1-6-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-6019, Japan
TEL: +81-3-6229-0100
FAX: +81-3-3589-7958
5,391 (consolidated) ¥81,681 million
April 1 to March 31
U.S. Russia Germany Bahrain
Israel
UAE Malaysia
Singapore
India
Sri Lanka South Korea
China
Hong Kong
Taiwan Philippines Indonesia
Brunei Vietnam
Cambodia Thailand
Quark Pharmaceuticals
SBI Bank
photonamic
SBI Pharmaceuticals Bahrain Representative Office
SBI JI Innovation Fund Advisory QBI Enterprise
(Research institute of
Quark Pharmaceuticals)
SBI Neopharma
SBI Ventures Malaysia PNB-SBI ASEAN Gateway Investment Management
SBI VENTURES SINGAPORE SBI VEN CAPITAL
Milestone River Venture Advisory Strategic Business Innovator
SBI Investment KOREA SBI SAVINGS BANK
SBI (China)
Beijing Representative Office Shanghai Representative Office INESA-SBI Leasing (Shanghai) SBI & TH (Beijing)
Venture Capital Management
SBI Hong Kong Holdings SBI Securities (Hong Kong) BYFX HK
SBI ALApharma
SBI Capital 22 Management ICCP SBI Venture Partners
BNI SEKURITAS
Jakarta Representative Office
SBI (B) SDN
FPT Securities
TPBank
FPT Capital Fund Management
SBI Royal Securities
SBI Thai Online Securities
Stock Information (As of March 31, 2018)
 Listing
Code
Shares Authorized Shares Outstanding Shareholder Register
Principal Shareholders
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY (AVFC) ACCOUNT NON-TREATY
THE BANK OF NEW YORK 133524
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 9)
JP Morgan Chase Bank 385164
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 5)
SAJAP
Yoshitaka Kitao
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT–TREATY 505234
20,094,100 9.10
10,756,100 4.87
8,402,124 3.81
8,078,636 3.66
5,296,300 2.40
4,470,400 2.02
4,262,700 1.93
4,015,040 1.82
3,907,960 1.77
3,873,278 1.75
First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange 8473
341,690,000 shares
224,561,761 shares (including treasury stock) Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
 Name
Number of shares held (shares)
Percentage of outstanding shares (%)
          Percentage of outstanding shares is calculated by deducting the treasury stock.
Apart from the holdings of the major shareholders above, the Company holds 3,779,286 shares as treasury stock.
Distribution of Ownership among Shareholders
Securities Companies 1.75%
Other Companies within Japan 0.37%
Treasury Stock
1.68%
   Foreign Institutions and Individuals
47.92%
 Individuals*
20.78%
Financial Institutions
27.50%
 0 25 50 75 100%
*Includes shares of SBI Holdings Employee Stockholding Association
Information on Bonds and Credit Rating (As of September 20, 2017)
   100
SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018
Rating agency Long-term Short-term
Rating and Investment Information BBB (Stable)
a–2
Financial Services Business
Asset Management Business Biotechnology-related Business Representative Office of SBI Holdings

Corporate History
  1999
Mar. As a result of a business reorganization accom- panying the conversion of SoftBank Corp. (cur- rently SoftBank Group Corp.) into a pure holding company, Softbank Finance Corporation became an independent company to oversee financial- related business activities.
July Established as SOFTBANK INVESTMENT COR- PORATION; start of venture capital business.
Oct. E*TRADE SECURITIES Co., Ltd. (currently SBI SECURITIES Co., Ltd.) commenced Internet trading services.
Nov. Softbank Ventures Inc. (currently SBI Investment Co., Ltd.) became a wholly owned consolidated subsidiary.
   July Established the INTERNET TECHNOLOGY FUND with ¥150.5 billion in initial contributions, at that time, the largest fund commitment of its kind in Japan.
 2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2006
2008 2009
2011
2013
2014
2015
2017
    Feb. Listed on First Section of Tokyo Stock Exchange.
   May Jointly established the New Horizon Fund, tar- geting promising Chinese companies, with an investment company in Singapore.
July Changed name to SBI Holdings, Inc., and transi- tioned to a holding company structure.
Oct. As the first overseas office, established a repre- sentative office in Beijing, China.
  July Morningstar Japan K.K. became a subsidiary.
   Aug. A wholly owned subsidiary of SoftBank Corp. (currently SoftBank Group Corp.) sold its entire stake in SBI Holdings, Inc.
2005
    Feb. Established SBI VEN CAPITAL PTE. LTD., a sub- sidiary in Singapore.
Aug. SBI Japannext Co., Ltd. began operation of a Proprietary Trading System (PTS).
Sept. SBI Sumishin Net Bank, Ltd. commenced business.
 2007
  Jan. SBI Insurance Co., Ltd. commenced business. Apr. Established SBI Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.
Nov. SBI Liquidity Market Co., Ltd. started operations,
which supplies market infrastructure for FX
trading.
Dec. Hong Kong subsidiary SBI Hong Kong Co., Lim-
ited (currently SBI Hong Kong Holdings Co., Limited) commenced business.
    Apr. Established a representative office in Shanghai, China
   Mar. SBI Social Lending Co., Ltd. commenced business.
2010
 Mar. SBI (China) Co., Ltd., a China business manage- ment company, commenced business in Dalian, China.
Apr. SBI ALApromo Co., Ltd., commenced business. May SBI FXTRADE Co., Ltd., commenced business. June SBI MONEY PLAZA Co., Ltd. commenced
business.
   2012
  Mar. Acquired shares of Hyundai Swiss Savings Bank (currently SBI SAVINGS BANK) and converted it into a consolidated subsidiary.
       Mar. Integrated the Group’s six insurance companies under SBI Insurance Group Co., Ltd., which is an insurance holding company.
Integrated the Group’s FinTech-related busi- nesses under SBI FinTech Solutions Co., Ltd. (formerly SBI AXES Co., Ltd.)
Aug. SBI Bank LLC (formerly YAR Bank LLC), a com- mercial bank in Russia, became a wholly owned consolidated subsidiary.
2016
Jan. Acquired all shares of photonamic GmbH & Co. KG, a German pharmaceutical company engaged in the 5-ALA-related pharmaceuticals business in Europe, and converted it into a con- solidated subsidiary.
Feb. SBI Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (formerly PCA LIFE Insurance Co., Ltd.), which became a consoli- dated subsidiary in February 2015, resumed its insurance underwriting.
May Jointly established SBI Ripple Asia Co., Ltd. with U.S.-based Ripple. In October, launched “The Japan Bank Consortium” for establishing a next generation remittance system in Japan.
 Oct. SBI Thai Online Securities Co., Ltd., a first pure- play online securities company in Thailand, com- menced business.
Dec. Established FinTech Business Innovation LPS (FinTech Fund) with a total commitment capital amount of ¥30.0 billion.
     Jan. Establishment of SBI AI&Blockchain LPS (SBI AI&Blockchain Fund), a venture capital fund endeavoring to invest mainly in AI and blockchain fields as a successor of the FinTech Fund.
Feb. Established a representative office in Jakarta, Indonesia.
 2018
 SBI Holdings
Annual Report 2018 101

Books by Yoshitaka Kitao, Representative Director, President & CEO
  Practical FinTech
(Magazine)
Nikkei Publishing Inc. December 2017
Daily Reawakening
Keizaikai Co., Ltd. November 2016
Using Knowledge of the Jikkan and Junishi to Create Good Fortune Chichi Publishing Co., Ltd. December 2014
Be a True Japanese—
Reflections on Sazo Idemitsu
ASA Publishing Co., Ltd. October 2013
The Tailwind Behind
Japan’s Economy
Sankei Shimbun Publications Inc. June 2012
Understanding the Times
Keizaikai Co., Ltd. November 2011
Enlightenments from
Ancient Sages’ Wisdome
Keizaikai Co., Ltd. October 2017
Learning Practical FinTech
from Successful Companies
Nikkei Publishing Inc.
(EN) John Wiley & Sons, Inc. (CN) Fudan University Press (KR) News1
(VN) ThaiHaBooks JSC March 2017
Realizing Yourself through
Self-cultivation
Keizaikai Co., Ltd. November 2015
Revitalizing Lives
Keizaikai Co., Ltd
(VN) ThaiHaBooks JSC November 2014
Learn from the
Ancient Sages
Keizaikai Co., Ltd. November 2012
Applying the
“Analects of Confucius” in Business
Chichi Publishing Co., Ltd. May 2012
The Lessons of
Shinzo Mori for
Nurturing Human Fortitude Chichi Publishing Co., Ltd. February 2011
An Encouragement of
Self-cultivation
Chichi Publishing Co., Ltd. December 2016
The Essence of the
Words of Masahiro Yasuoka
PRESIDENT Inc. July 2015
Correcting the
Abuses of the Times
Keizaikai Co., Ltd. November 2013
When Confounded
in Business,
Analects Point the Way Asahi Shimbun Publication Inc. August 2012
Yoshitaka Kitao’s
Management Dialogue
Kosaido Publishing Co., Ltd. March 2012
Penetrating Insight
Keizaikai Co., Ltd. November 2010
                                           102
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018

   The Meaning of Life
Kodansha Ltd. August 2010 Co-authored with Takeshi Natsuno
Yoshitaka Kitao’s Business Management Lecture
KIGYOKA NETWORK June 2009
Notes on
Masahiro Yasuok
Chichi Publishing Co., Ltd. December 2009
Think Big,
Don’t be the Little Guy
Chichi Publishing Co., Ltd. January 2009
Change will be, When Things are at Their Worst Keizaikai Co., Ltd. October 2009
Reading the Times
Keizaikai Co., Ltd. August 2008
Proverbs of Sages and Renowned Executives
Who Overcame Adversity Asahi Shimbun Publication Inc. (CN) Tsinghua University Press December 2009
The SBI Group Vision and Strategy: Continuously Evolving Management Toyo Keizai Inc.
(EN) John Wiley & Sons, Inc. (CN) Tsinghua University Press October 2005
Developing Character
PHP Research Institute (CN) World Affairs Press April 2003
Challenges of
E-Finance II
Toyo Keizai Inc.
(KR) Dongbang Media Co. Ltd. April 2000
“Value-Creation”
Management
Toyo Keizai Inc.
(CN) The Commercial Press (KR) Dongbang Media Co. Ltd. December 1997
                      (Post edition)
(Pocket edition)
Japanese Wisdom
and Power
PHP Research Institute (CN) Fudan University Press April 2011
Why do We Work?
Chichi Publishing Co., Ltd. (KR) Joongang Books March 2007
“Mysterious Powers” Gained from
Chinese Classics
Mikasa Shobo Co., Ltd. (CN) Peking University Press July 2005
Universal Management,
Growth Management
PHP Research Institute
(CN) World Affairs Press
(KR) Dongbang Media Co. Ltd. October 2000
Challenges of
E-Finance I
Toyo Keizai Inc.
(CN) The Commercial Press (KR) Dongbang Media Co. Ltd. December 1999
(Pocket edition)
                             (EN): In English translation (CN): In Chinese translation (KR): In Korean translation (VN): In Vietnamese translation
SBI Holdings Annual Report 2018 103

 WEBSITE DIRECTORY
SBI Holdings Website Top Page Investor Relations http://www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/ http://www.sbigroup.co.jp/english/investors/
  Printed in Japan