Reducing power consumption
Lighting accounts for the bulk of power consumption at locations. At the AOKI Group, we install LED lighting, which consumes less power than fluorescent lighting, when opening new locations or renovating existing ones.
We have been actively switching to LED lighting at existing locations as a measure to conserve electricity, especially since the Great East Japan Earthquake. Up to this point, we have completed the switch at all AOKI, ANNIVERSAIRE, KAIKATSU CLUB, COTE D’AZUR, and FiT24 locations as well as about 60% of our ORIHICA stores. As a result, we have reduced power consumption at each store in the Fashion Business by around 40% compared to fiscal 2009, thereby reducing the environmental impact of our stores.
Developing eco-friendly products
AOKI is focused on the development of eco-friendly products in order to reduce environmental impact.
For example, we have developed washable suits and other breathable “cool biz” business suits and dress shirts that provide comfort even in offices where air conditioning is used sparingly. We also offer suits, vests, and sweaters made with warm materials for “warm biz” that make it easy to adjust to different temperatures.
In addition, we are developing other eco-friendly products such as suits featuring polyester linings that come from recycled plastic bottles (Teijin Frontier Co., Ltd.'s ECOPETTM) and suits featuring linings with low environmental impact (Asahi Kasei Corp's BembergTM) as well as dress shirts made with recycled fibers from plastic bottles (Toray Industries, Inc.'s &+TM).
Trend in recycling rate
In 1996, we launched the world's first wool recycling project. In this project, customers trade in their used wool clothing, and our partner factories turn them into various recycled products.
Wool is biodegradable and fire-resistant to begin with, so ultimately, the recycled products also break down naturally. We bear some of the costs associated with transporting and processing the wool within the recycling process as part of our environmental conservation efforts.