          Social
As a public instrument of society, the AOKI Group contributes to social progress by building partnerships and relationships of trust in order to create happiness for all our stakeholders, including our customers, shareholders, investors, business partners, and employees.
 Dialogue with shareholders and investors
The AOKI Group is engaged in activities based on our investor relations policy to notify our shareholders and investors promptly and accurately of management policies, business strategies, business results, and financial information.
In the fiscal year ended March 2021, we held two performance briefings for institutional investors (by phone). We will continue to deepen dialogue through semiannual performance briefings and briefings for individual investors as well as communication of information via our website.
For customers
The AOKI Group improves product development and location environments by listening to feedback from customers at each location, taking note of valuable opinions received over the phone and by e-mail, collecting postcards from customers who purchase our products, and conducting customer research at locations, in order to deliver products and services that exceed our customers’ expectations. Our aim is to tie this into the creation of further customer happiness.
Ensuring customer satisfaction
As a fashion business, AOKI has established a customer hotline, which we use to develop high-quality products and stores by sharing the feedback and suggestions received with each department. Additionally, we have notebooks at each ORIHICA store in which staff members record the compliments given by customers and services that were positively received. The notes are shared between staff members, and the good examples are communicated to all stores.
In the Anniversaire and Bridal Business, we conduct bride and groom questionnaire surveys after the wedding. Customer feedback on the staff’s service, products, facilities, and other aspects of the event is shared company-wide and used in daily improvement activities.
In the Entertainment Business, officers and other staff from headquarters gather information on customer complaints and requests through regular visits to business locations in which they talk to customers directly in an effort to improve our services.
Briefing session for individual investors
Ensuring reliable quality and service
We are working to enhance education on product quality in the Fashion Business, including promoting Textiles Evaluation Specialist certification, and seeking to continually manage and improve quality by enlisting the support of our Quality Control Department and outside agencies. We also inspect products after they are delivered to our distribution centers based on our in-house inspection standards.
In the Anniversaire and Bridal Business, we came in second place in the Young Professionals category of the HRS Service Competition 2021. This competition is held by the Japan Hotel and Restaurant Service Development Association for professional service people who represent the next generation for the purpose of increasing awareness of skills and service. Through active participation in competitions, we are seeking to improve the hospitality skills of our staff.
HRS Service Competition 2021
With trading partners
We believe that it is important to develop cooperative relationships with our business partners in order to deliver valuable products and services to our customers.
For that reason, in the Fashion Business, we hold quality improvement meetings with our suppliers to share customer feedback and get them involved in product development.
For employees
At the AOKI Group, we believe it is important to create happiness not only for our customers but also for everyone who works in the Group. We promote various initiatives for such objectives as diversity and work-life balance, including the introduction of the Shift Gears Program allowing employees to change their work style according to their life stage, in order to create an environment in which each employee can thrive and demonstrate their unique talents, thereby improving the experience of our customers.
With local communities
One of the pillars of our management philosophy is pursuing community service. We believe that it is important to contribute to society in non-commercial ways as well. As such, we promote cultural activities in local communities and engage in such efforts as sports sponsorship and next-generation training.
Sports sponsorship
We have sponsored the Nagano Marathon ever since it was started in 1999. The marathon carries on the principles of the Nagano Winter Olympics, which were held in 1998 in Nagano Prefecture where the AOKI Group was founded.
We also contribute to the promotion of sports through uniform sponsorship, including support for student sports and providing suits and polo shirts when KAWASAKI FRONTALE travels.
AOKI Group Harmony Concert
In order to contribute to the local communities where we do business, the AOKI Group has been holding the AOKI Group Harmony Concert as part of our cultural promotion activities. It was started in 1973, and in January 2020, it was held for the 22nd time.
Product development meeting
          AOKI Holdings was a Tokyo 2020 Official Supporter in the category of Business & Formal Wear.
We made the official uniforms (for the Opening Ceremony and other ceremonies) of the athletes representing Japan at the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020
  29 AOKI Holdings Inc.
Integrated Report 2021 30
Sports sponsorship