Governance
We are reinforcing the functions of the Board of Directors and the Board of Auditors and coordination with the Internal Auditing Office, each committee, legal advisors, and the accounting auditor in pursuit of improving legal compliance and the transparency and efficiency of management in order to establish a healthy corporate governance structure.
     Basic Approach
The AOKI Group Philosophy is based on the three pillars of business integrity, social responsibility, and community service. We recognize the importance of corporate governance in pursuing this philosophy and increasing medium- to long-term corporate value. Our basic approach is to strengthen the administrative organization to increase the transparency and fairness of management and put sound and efficient management into practice.
For that reason, we are also working to further enhance corporate governance by improving the internal control system, which
Corporate Governance Structure
We are a company with a board of auditors. To ensure objectivity and neutrality, we elect auditors who are thoroughly familiar with finance and accounting as certified public accountants/certified tax accountants and experienced external auditors. We have adopted a system wherein they supervise the Board of Directors and manage legal compliance and risk by coordinating with the Internal Auditing Office, each committee, legal advisors, and the accounting auditor. Additionally, they supervise the execution of the directors’ duties, with one standing auditor attending important meetings.
The Board of Directors is comprised of 14 directors, including three external directors. They have monthly and extraordinary meetings,
includes reviewing the organization and reinforcing the risk management structure, as well as by engaging in appropriate information disclosure, ensuring the rights of shareholders, engaging in dialogue with shareholders, and appropriately cooperating with other stakeholders.
By increasing corporate value through the pursuit of the three pillars of the AOKI Group Philosophy, we will meet the expectations of our shareholders and other stakeholders.
while the Executive Committee, which includes presidents of subsidiaries and standing auditors, meets monthly. They decide important matters, report on management issues, and exchange information. We have also introduced an executive officer system to expedite management decision-making.
In April 2019, we established a Nomination and Remuneration Committee to further increase the fairness and transparency of officer elections and determination of officer remuneration. The committee is chaired by an external director, and it consists of five members, including external directors, external auditors, and two directors.
The Compliance Committee reviews compliance-related issues, while a legal consultation is held monthly to discuss individual matters with legal advisors. Furthermore, rules and manuals are prepared as necessary to strengthen the Group’s internal control system, and workshops and other training sessions are held for
External Director/Auditor Support Structure
Auditors may give orders to employees of the Administrative Office on important matters related to audit operations as necessary. Additionally, the external director who is a certified public accountant takes advantage of his specialist knowledge and many years of experience to provide advice, share opinions, and gather information at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee as well as weekly group report meetings attended by presidents of subsidiaries and other important meetings. The other external director and an external auditor are directly provided with explanations of important agenda items prior to meetings of the Board of Directors and otherwise kept up to date.
Matters Concerning External Officers
Director
Director
Auditor
Auditor
employees to raise awareness of the system.
The Risk Management Committee evaluates anticipated risks to the Group and deliberates measures to address them. It puts together Basic Risk Management Guidelines and regularly reviews the content.
    Classification
Name
Minoru Inagaki
Yoko Ohara
Kazumasa Watanabe
Toshio Hotchi
Attendance and Main Activities in the Fiscal Year Ended March 2021
Board of Directors meetings 100% (12 out of 12)
Board of Directors meetings 100% (12 out of 12)
Board of Directors meetings 100% (12 out of 12)
Board of Auditors meetings 100% (12 out of 12)
Board of Directors meetings 91.7% (11 out of 12)
Board of Auditors meetings 91.7% (11 out of 12)    Appointment/dismissal
Cooperation/ reporting
Cooperation
Appointment/dismissal
General Meeting of Shareholders
Appointment/dismissal Consultation
Minoru Inagaki attended Board of Directors meetings and other important meetings as necessary, supervising management and providing appropriate comments for sound management from his professional standpoint as a certified public accountant.
Yoko Ohara attended Board of Directors meetings and other important meetings as necessary, supervising management and providing appropriate comments for sound management based on her extensive knowledge and experience related to the fashion industry and her experience in corporate management.
Kazumasa Watanabe asked the necessary questions for discussing proposals and provided appropriate comments at meetings of the Board of Directors and Board of Auditors based on his extensive experience.
Toshio Hotchi asked the necessary questions for discussing proposals and provided appropriate comments based on his extensive experience and from his professional standpoint as a certified public accountant at meetings of the Board of Directors and Board of Auditors.
     Supervision
Reporting
Supervision
Submission
Reporting
Reporting Reporting
Consultation
Board of Directors
         31 AOKI Holdings Inc.
Integrated Report 2021 32
Board of Auditors
Internal Auditing Office
Auditing
Guidance
Executive Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Compliance Committee Risk Management Committee
Advice
       Advisory Unit of the Company
Subsidiaries
For further details on our corporate governance, see the Corporate Governance page on our website.
WEB https://ir.aoki-hd.co.jp/en/corporate/governance.html
Account auditing
Accounting auditor
Legal advisors