Expanding company-owned forests with “sustainable forestry” as a philosophy
Japan is a land of trees, with forests covering approximately 70% of its soil. In addition to usage for buildings and paper, people receive a variety of other benefits from trees such as cultivating water sources and preventing damage from landslides.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group practices sustainable forestry in Japan and abroad, aiming to keep these great benefits of trees sustainable while continuously being able to utilize timber resources over the long haul.
Our forest management is rooted in the philosophy of “sustainable forestry” of planting, growing, cutting, utilizing trees and then replanting trees. Based on this philosophy we have been expanding our company-owned forests in areas throughout Japan. Currently we own a total of approximately 48,000 hectares of forest in Japan, a vast area equivalent to roughly one eight-hundredth of Japan as a whole. These company-owned forests have been granted forest certification. We practice sustainable forest management through systematic afforestation and logging, while striving to be eco-friendly including considerations for the surrounding ecosystems.
Increasing accumulation of carbon in Japan’s forests
Total forest area has hardly changed at all over the past 50 years, but forest accumulation is increasing each year. Nearly all of the increase is from plantation forests of trees planted for the purpose of timber production. The total area of plantation forests in Japan today is a staggering 5.9 times greater than 50 years ago.
One major reason why plantation forests accumulation has increased was a wave of tree plantings all at once, which was promoted after the end of World War II. Many of the plantation forests in Japan were planted at least 50 years ago, and have now reached the “harvest period” to be logged, used, and replanted for the next generation. However, due to the combined factors of decreasing demand for domestic timber, the falling and aging population of foresters, and lagging mechanization of forestry, little progress has been made in tree thinning and regeneration cutting.
If trees that can be used as resources are not logged and replanted for the next generation, forest resources run the risk of excessive aging in the future. Additionally, forests could be devastated if they are not properly managed (cared for), including systematic logging. This is said to be a possible precursor to various environmental problems such as declining carbon dioxide absorption and capture, and an increase in landslides.
Japanese government measures for use of domestic timber
The government has introduced a variety of measures to tackle these problems concerning Japan’s forests and forestry.
The Forest and Forestry Revitalization Plan was formulated in 2009, setting out the goal of raising Japan’s timber self-sufficiency rate to at least 50% as a metric for the revitalization of the country’s forests and forestry. Then the next year in 2010, the government took the initiative by announcing a basic policy for tackling timber usage with the Act for Promotion of Use of Wood in Public Buildings, etc. Then in 2018, part of the Building Standards Act was revised to loosen regulations on which wooden buildings must be built to be fire-resistant.
Government measures for use of domestic timber  Forest accumulation in Japan
(million cubic meters)
6,000
4,500
3,000
1,500
0
Natural forest, etc.
Plantation forest
2009 2019
2019
2020
2010 2018
Forest and Forestry Revitalization Plan formulated Forest Management Act takes effect
Act on Forest Environment Taxes and Transfer Taxes takes effect
Tree Harvesting Rights System
(Revision of National Forestry Management and Administration Act) begins
Laws promoting use of wood in buildings
Act for Promotion of Use of Wood in Public Buildings, etc. takes effect
Partial revision of Building Standards Act (regulatory easing)
Laws and regulations to promote forest development and more active timber usage
  5,242
    Approx.
2.7
times
more forest overall
1,933
    1,887
1967
Approx.
5.9
times
 more 1,329 plantation
3,308
forest
  558
 2017
 Source: Forestry Agency, State of Forest Resources
Integrated Report 2021 26
Special Feature Creating value by harnessing forest resources 1 Sustainable forest management and timber
usage for non-residential buildings
Based on our roughly 330-year history working with trees since the time of our founding, the Sumitomo Forestry Group has been practicing sustainable forest management in its vast areas of company-owned forests throughout Japan. Additionally, we have been operating the MOCCA (Timber Solutions) business in recent years to promote the use of wood mainly in non-residential buildings. Through this business we have been drawing out the attractiveness and potential of wood, while also contributing to forest restoration and development in Japan - which are National policy priorities as well.
 Company-managed, owned and other affiliated forests in Japan (as of the end of December 2020)
7%
Hokkaido
19%
5%
Honshu
34% Approx. 61%
    22%
69%
6 thousand ha
15%
Shikoku Approx.
15 thousand ha
9 thousand ha Approx.48 thousand ha
Plantation forest Natural forest Others
23%
62%
9%
Kyushu Approx.
74%
Approx. 18 thousand ha
   25 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
 Business Background
  Thanks to these supportive efforts by the government, usage of domestic timber has been gradually increasing - mainly in the sector of non-residential buildings. Wood buildings still comprise only around 10% of all non-residential buildings, but recently there have been many more diverse types of large wooden buildings constructed, including public facilities such as elementary schools and community centers, in addition to commercial facilities. This increase in the use of wood construction in the non-residential sector is also expected to result in greater usage of domestic timber.
MOCCA aims to increase use of domestic timber
In order to increase the use of domestic timber, we launched the MOCCA (Timber Solutions) business in 2011 which promotes the use of wood in the non-residential buildings sector.
In addition to public buildings such as administration buildings for local governments and community educational facilities, MOCCA has produced proposals in a broader range of sectors including commercial facilities, offices, care facilities, nursing homes, and nursery schools. For example, using wood as the materials for the floors of nursing homes can reduce physical strain on occupants and health care workers from walking about the building. Actively incorporating timber and wood building materials into office spaces and school classrooms has also been reported to raise people’s productivity according to the results of surveys. Our MOCCA business has been steadily establishing a
Interior of Senri Rehabilitation Hospital (Osaka Prefecture)
track record by proposing new wood usages such as these to a variety of customers.
In 2017, we also established a business and capital alliance with construction company Kumagai Gumi Co.,Ltd., and we are forming an organizational structure to collaborate with them on business that leverages trees and greenery. Together with Kumagai Gumi, we have a shared recognition of issues pertaining to forest resources and a common vision for how to utilize them. Our aim is to drive the effective utilization of timber in the civil works and construction sectors and energize the forestry industry, while also helping to conserve national land and the
earth’s environment.
Non-residential buildings by structure type total floor area
Non-wood 90% Wood10% Total non-residential
34,213 thousand m2
Source: Compiled from MLIT Survey of Building Construction Work Started (Statistical, fiscal 2019)
Interior of Tully’s Coffee in Itami (Hyogo Prefecture)
Contributions to the SDGs through wooden buildings
Wooden buildings not only emit little carbon dioxide during construction, but the timber used as construction material can help reduce carbon dioxide through continuous carbon fixation of carbon dioxide in the air. Additionally, once the buildings are no longer in use and dismantled, the discarded materials can be reused as fuel for wood biomass power generation. Since wooden buildings contribute in these ways to reductions in environmental impact throughout the product life cycle, we consider the expansion of our MOCCA business to be part of our activities toward achieving the SDGs.
Wood is a renewable natural resource. Using wood in various buildings where people spend time can create comfortable spaces that add calm to our lives. Through forest management balanced with environmental conservation, and by drawing out the maximum potential of wood through sustainable use of forest
Illustration of Exterior of Sophia University Building 15 (Tokyo)
resource, the Sumitomo Forestry Group will continue contributing to the development of forestry in Japan and the creation of a bright future.
  Wooden non-residential buildings total floor area
(X 1,000 m2)
3,500
3,250
3,000
2,750
0
floor areaTopics
Doubling efforts to promote wood usage in non-residential together with COHNAN KENSETSU INC.
 In January 2021 Sumtomo Forestry acquired 100% of the shares of ”Kouei Kousan K.K.” which owns a 53.59% stake in COHNAN KENSETSU INC. making adding it to the Sumitomo Forestry group. COHNAN KENSETSU is a general construction company that was established in 1948, and is based in both Osaka Prefecture and in Tokyo. They have large numbers of highly experienced technicians on staff. Leveraging their strength in handing everything from planning and proposals to design, construction, and maintenance afterward in a streamlined manner, COHNAN KENSETSU has
an extensive track record in construction. This includes multi-family housing, commercial and educational facilities, care facilities, facilities for research and production activities.
Combining the steel frame and reinforced concrete building sales capabilities and construction management expertise of COHNAN KENSETSU with our wood building and interior/exterior wood materials technology, together we will push forward with projects in both mixed structures and wood construction while pioneering new markets for wooden building construction.
  27 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 28