Reductions in worldwide forest area and the primary causes
The total amount of forest area in the world is approximately 4 billion hectares. They make up 31% of all land area on earth. However, at present the world's forest areas are continually shrinking. In the 30-year span from 1990 to the present, approximately 180 million hectares of forest are believed to have disappeared from the planet. This is nearly equal to 4.7 times the land area of Japan.
In recent years, although some countries appear to be reducing the speed of forest area decline, the area of new forest planted is also declining, and the amount of forest area in the world has reduced by approximately 5 million hectares a year in the past ten years.
There are several reasons for deforestation, including massive forest fires, drought and illegal logging, but the greatest factor is the conversion of forests into farmland such as large-scale plantations. Demand for food is rising rapidly as the population of the world grows. Thus large forests are being developed and turned into farmland, and the development of forests has a major effect on the lives of people in the region. To create a sustainable society, in addition to securing food on a global scale and working toward the economic development of various local communities, forest conservation should also be carried out with a long-term view in mind.
Fluctuations in worldwide forest area
Overseas forest management and contributions to the SDGs
As deforestation continues worldwide, the Sumitomo Forestry Group has endeavored to expand its forestry management both in Japan and overseas in order to secure raw materials sustainably. Currently we hold and manage forests in three countries, namely Indonesia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea. We have obtained FSC® and other forest certifications* and established a sustainable system where harvesting and reforestation are carried out in a regular cycle. The Group holds and controls a forest area of approximately 231 thousand hectares in three countries, and the timber produced in those forests is used for furniture, as building material, as pulp raw material for paper-making and for a host of other applications in markets all over the world.
When conducting this kind of forest management overseas, we proceed with activities systematically after establishing numerical targets concerning topics such as “maintaining forest certification,” “expanding the area managed” and “forest carbon stock.” At the same time, we are also committed to SDG-con- scious initiatives such as those that preserve biodiversity and foster coexistence with local residents.
* Forest certification: An environmental labeling system from private-sector entities whereby independent third-party organizations certify that forest management and the distribution of timber and timber products is being carried out appropriately based on certain standards.
(FSC® license code: FSC-C113957) (million ha/year) 10
Forest increase  Forest decrease 10
0
-10
-20
8
-16
1990-2000
-15
2000-2010
7
-12
2010-2015
5
-10
2015-2020
Forest management business and contributions to the SDGs
Goals related to achieving the SDGs (excerpts)
Maintain and expand certified forest area Increase number of seedlings supplied Display carbon stock (forests)
        Source : FAO Global Forest Resources Assessment 2020
Causes of forest decrease
Change in land useSpread of fire from slash-and-burn agricultureExcessive timber logging
Integrated Report 2021 30
Special Feature Creating value by harnessing forest resources 2 Using our forest management know-
how for forest conservation in Asia and Oceania
Forests are more than simply sources of the precious and renewable resource known as wood. They also provide many functions that benefit the world. They absorb and fix CO2, the main cause of climate change, preserve biodiversity, prevent landslide disasters and recharge water sources. The Sumitomo Forestry Group uses the forestry management know-how it has cultivated over long years in Japan to protect and renew forests in Indonesia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.
    Indonesia
Approx. 163 thousand ha Approx. 231thousand ha
Areas of forests managed and held overseas (as at the end of December 2020)
Papua New Guinea
Approx. 31thousand ha
New Zealand
Approx. 36 thousand ha
 29 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
 Business Background
   Grown and felled timber
Donated seedlings
Developing new uses for timber and building material
Sumitomo Forestry runs timber and building material manufacturing businesses in different countries around the world, but our businesses in Indonesia are the largest in terms of scale and the oldest in terms of history. The oldest manufacturing base there celebrated its 50th anniversary of founding in 2020. The manufacturing bases in Indonesia produce not only products close to raw materials such as plywood and particleboard but also highly processed items like musical instruments and interior finish material for construction.
Timber is the key material for such products, making up a high percentage of the manufacturing cost. This makes securing a
Field of seedlings for reforestation
stable supply of raw material an extremely important undertaking. For those reasons, all Group companies in Indonesia endeavor to expand their reforestation activities, planting especially fast-grow- ing tropical trees which can be used as raw material in a short period of four to seven years.
All the companies are also focusing their efforts on develop- ing products and technologies aimed at increasing the number of uses for timber. One example is a species of tree called balsa. It produces the lightest timber and is used for building and modeling because it is easy to process. Due to these special qualities, as demand for renewable energy has increased in recent years, its range of uses has increased to include the cores of wind power turbine blades.
Balsa
     Free distribution of seedlings and guarantee to purchase logs
Helping regional communities through “social forestry”
When we manage forests overseas, in addition to “industrial reforestation” that targets the sustainable production of timber and “environmental reforestation” aimed at environmental conservation, we also actively engage in “social forestry” which affects the economies of local communities while earning us the cooperation of residents in the surrounding area. For example, in Indonesia, PT. Kutai Timber Indonesia (KTI), a Group company, has been carrying out an initiative for the past 20 years where it distributes seedlings it has raised to local farming families for free. When the trees grow, KTI purchases them at market price and uses them as raw material in factories that produce plywood and building material.
This has the benefit of not only securing a stable supply of raw materials for the Group on one hand but also allowing local farming families to increase their cash incomes by growing the seedlings on land not suitable for farming, thus improving their livelihoods. This initiative received an award from Indonesia's Ministry of Environment and Forestry in recognition of its contribution to environmental conservation through reforestation.
Establishing a management model for peatland
We have been carrying out large-scale industrial reforestation in the West Kalimantan province of Indonesia since 2010. The forest in the target area of this business was devastated by industrial
Monitoring peatland water levels
logging between the sixties and early nineties as well as by repeated illegal logging and slash-and-burn farming. The objective of the project is to revive this land as a reforestation area while at the same time preventing the further deterioration of the forest by coexisting with the local residents.
The whole project area is peatland, made up of an accumu- lation of withered vegetation that has barely decomposed over thousands of years. Peatland contains precious ecosystems and plays a major role in storing carbon and in the water cycle. However, when it dries up, the organic matter in the ground decomposes and releases greenhouse gases while also potentially triggering huge forest fires. This makes appropriate management of the water level essential.
That is why the Sumitomo Forestry Group first performed a thorough topographical survey as well as a boring survey to understand the density and distribution of the peat. Based on the detailed data obtained through the survey, we created waterways with the function of regulating the water level throughout the project area, thereby establishing a globally unprecedented management model capable of keeping the groundwater level stable even during the dry season. This management model has come to the attention of other countries with large areas of peatland. Therefore, in the future we will be able to help alleviate global environmental problems and promote sustainable development by deploying and popularizing the know-how cultivated in Indonesia.Topics
Expanding reforestation activities on Kalimantan Island, Indonesia
  In December 2020, PT. Kubu Mulia Forestry, a member of the Sumitomo Forestry Group, obtained the business rights to the industrial reforestation asset bordering the Group’s project area in West Kalimantan in Indonesia. This has expanded the total area managed by the Group in that area to from roughly 145 thousand hectares to approximately 155 thousand hectares. After a thorough survey of the plants and animals was conducted, the whole project area was strictly divided into the area for protection and the area for use, and a net was installed in the area for protection to prevent the isolation of rare animals. This expansion of the project area has made it possible to conserve the ecosystems of an even wider area. Additionally, through the unification of water level management, we will further promote the sustainable use of peatland and the reduction in the emission of CO2. Going forward, we will further refine our sustainable peatland management model which combines economic efficiency with environmental conservation and endeavor to deploy and popularize it overseas.
Area managed by WSL Area managed by MTI Area managed by KMF Conserved forest
=1Km
31 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 32