  Timber and Building Materials Segment
Timber and Building Materials Business         As the No. 1 share company in the domestic timber and building materials distribution markets, we provide total solutions, from distribution to
the manufacture and sale of timber and building materials.
Based on a global network built up over years of developing operations worldwide, the timber and building materials distribution business sources stable supplies of high-quality timber from properly managed forests. As the No. 1 share company in the domestic timber and building materials distribution markets, Sumitomo Forestry operates a broad range of businesses, from procurement to the manufacture and distribution of timber and building materials.
The Group‘s manufacturing operations in Japan produce furniture and fixtures, staircases, and wooden interior fittings. Overseas, we produce wooden board products such as plywood, medium density fiberboard (MDF) and particle board and various building materials such as flooring, furniture and kitchen cabinets. We supply them all over the world including Japan.
See page 64 for details about our initiatives for our Group's supply chain management
Initiatives towards growth
In the timber and building materials distribution business, we utilize supply chains for sustainable procurement of timber to promote sales of eco-friendly products like plantation timber, while also continuing to expand our efforts in the non-residential building construction market and to build a stable supply system for wood fuel used in biomass power generation. We will continue increasing the range of variations for KIKORIN-PLYWOOD, a high-quality, eco- friendly plywood that the Company developed, giving customers a
Progress in FY ended December 2020
In the timber and building materials distribution business, we worked to strengthen collaboration with our trading partners and developed a versatile business portfolio, continuing to focus on expanding our lineup of fuel wood for biomass power generation, increasing exports of domestic materials, and strengthening efforts in non-housing and construction markets. We also put more focus on expanding sales of plywood made with sustainable plantation timber in the aim of reducing environmental impact. However, performance was sluggish due to the decreased sales volume of plywood and other lumber products resulting from weakness in the
broader selection of products.
In the manufacturing business, we aim to increase profitability
by further integrating manufacturing and sales through cooperation with the timber and building materials distribution business, and by developing high-value-added products that satisfy customer needs.
We are also working on ways to generate new revenue sources through DX (digital transformation) efforts.
domestic housing market caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In the manufacturing business, business was sluggish
domestically due to the decreased sales volume of fixtures, flooring, and other products resulting from weakness in the housing market. Overseas, the sales volume of medium density fiberboard (MDF) from New Zealand decreased, particularly in Japan, but performance was strong due to the reduction in manufacturing costs. In Indonesia, performance was sluggish due to the decreased sales volume of plywood, particle board, and other products.
 DX efforts: Launched structural design support services for builders and pre-cut factories
In August 2020, the Company began to offer Structure Express, a service for builders and pre-cut factories that helps them with structural design, as a new business that utilizes our know-how accumulated in the housing and construction business and networks in the timber and building materials business. Based on architectural drawing data created by builders, the system utilizes AI to automatically generate the structural calculations and data that links pre-cut and CAD*1, then provides these online. In addition to being helpful for builders who struggle with long work hours due to labor shortages, and improving productivity at pre-cut factories, it can also automatically calculate the optimal materials needed to achieve seismic performance level 3*2 which helps to make safe, secure housing more prevalent.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group aims to maximize synergies within the Group by dedicating efforts to spec-in activities for builders which incorporates structural design services, and will target 300 builders and 3,000 buildings by the fiscal year ending December 2023, while also capturing the related materials sales
for these projects.
*1 Data which serves as the basis of schematic drawings for precut
timber.
*2 The level at which a building will not collapse or disintegrate
when subjected to force 1.5 times greater than an earthquake that occurs only once every several hundred years.
Overview of structure express
   Builder
Architectural drawing
Send architectural data
(1) Structural calculations (2) Foundation & structural
framing plan
Send data
HM-EX Business request system
Home Express Structure Design HM-EX CAD
   Send data
Automatically generated
(3) Precut CAD-linked data (4) Quantity takeoff data
 Worksite
Processing, delivery
Precut factories
Precut, CAD, CAM
Koji Tanaka
Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Timber and Building Materials Division
Data
Number of employees
Net sales
Recurring income
(¥ billion)
10
5
    Japan
1,614
Overseas
4,713
(¥ billion)
600
400 200
465.2 487.1
8.6 8.0
18/3 19/3
    6,327
6.1
 35
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 36
* Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Sumitomo Forestry adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29). For transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, instead of the total amount, revenue is now recognized in the net amount.
223.6
00
18/3 19/3 20/3 20/12(9M)
20/3 20/12(9M)
144.7
2.3
  
   Timber and building materials distribution business
Delivering quality timber and building materials through solid relationships with suppliers around the world
In recent years, Sumitomo Forestry has concentrated on handling wood chips as fuel for biomass power plants, demand for which is likely to expand, as well as domestically grown timber that is ready for harvesting. Furthermore, we are focusing on increasing the use of wood in non-residential building construction, by supporting the design of wooden retail stores and offices, while supplying structural wood for medium- to large-scale building construction.
In overseas distribution operations, we established a sustainable business cycle in New Zealand, spanning forestation, logging and distribution, and we also export logs from the forests we manage and own in New Zealand to markets across Asia. From our administrative base in Singapore, we mainly focus on selling
Main commercial logistics flowchart
Logs, timber, panels (plywood, MDF, etc.), chips
timber and building materials to countries in Southeast Asia. In Vietnam, which has huge growth potential, we have a business alliance with An Cuong Wood-Working JSC, Vietnam’s leading manufacturing and distribution company for interior building materials. We have put into place an integrated structure from raw material procurement to home construction.
Building materials manufacturers
Manufacturing business
Developing and selling high-value-added products through integrated manufacturing and sales structure
In recent years, in the international market for wooden board products, competition has intensified as major manufacturers have expanded their facilities. As a result, the development of high-value-added products that cater to user requirements and marketing is more demanding than ever before.
For this reason, the Group has integrated its overseas and domestic manufacturing operations and sales operations of timber and building materials, and organized and improved each company's production technologies and factory management methods to ensure thorough cost reductions, and enhanced product development and marketing functions. We are also
Domestic manufacturing group companies
Japan
Overseas manufacturing group companies
Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd., Kashima Plant
Example by Canyon Creek Cabinet Company
working to build a robust business base by developing personnel with high-level expertise in manufacturing technology. We will continue to build enterprise value and achieve sustainable growth over the medium and long terms.
    Supplier
Building materials (wooden processed / metal / concrete and ceramic), housing equipment
Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.
Manufacturing/wooden housing-related materials, housing equipment, engineering wood, stair materials, counters, dressed lumber, synthetic resin adhesives, chemical materials   Sumitomo Forestry Timber and Building Materials Business
Sumitomo Forestry: Housing and Construction Business
Sumitomo Forestry: Timber and Building Materials Business
       Wholesalers
Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.’s Kashima Plant
Vietnam
Vina Eco Board Co., Ltd.
Manufacturing/particle board
PT. Sinar Rimba Pasifik
Manufacturing/wooden building materials, wooden furniture, etc.
 Building materials wholesalers
 Plywood / materials manufacturers
 New Zealand
Nelson Pine Industries Ltd.
Manufacturing/medium density fiberboard (MDF), veneer and laminated veneer lumber (LVL)
Indonesia
PT. Kutai Timber Indonesia
Manufacturing/plywood, secondary processed plywood, processed timber products and particle board
United States
Canyon Creek Cabinet Company
Manufacturing/kitchen cabinets
PT. Rimba Partikel Indonesia
Manufacturing/particle board and low pressure laminate (melamine)
India
Spacewood Furnishers Pvt. Ltd.
Manufacturing/kitchen cabinets, wooden building materials, wooden furniture, etc.
PT. AST Indonesia
Manufacturing/materials for musical instruments, wooden building materials and wooden furniture
 Building materials retailers, raw materials handlers
  Hardware stores, building materials manufacturers
    Precut factoriesBuilding / engineering storesSumitomo Forestry (Housing)
   Biomass power plants
Sumitomo Forestry (Housing)
Building / engineering storesKIKORIN-PLYWOOD
KIKORIN-PLYWOOD is a JAS-compliant product made of at least 50% certified timber and sustainable plantation timber. Some of the sales proceeds are used for reforestation activities conducted by the Group in Indonesia. Starting in FY ending December 2021, the definition of KIKORIN-PLYWOOD was revised to “plywood made with 100% certified sustainable timber” for consistency with the procurement criteria for timber.
KIKORIN-PLYWOOD won the EcoPro Award in 2018.
      37 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 38