  MyForest BF
The Sumitomo Forestry Group has been providing quality living environments by doing our part to increase the prevalence of high-quality homes that last a long time. “Sumitomo Forestry Home Houses,” made from advanced construction methods while fully expressing the attractiveness and qualities of wood, is a leading brand in custom-built wooden detached homes. They have received high accolades for being gentle on the environment, and as comfortable, safe and secure homes that can be lived in for a long time.
Leveraging our design and technological capabilities accumulated in the custom-built housing business, Sumitomo Forestry has expanded its range of business operations to offer the unique, comforting feel of wood in the apartment business, residential property development (spec homes) business, landscaping business, and existing homes business as well. In recent years we have also been engaged in wood construction and the use of wood materials in the non-residential building construction fields due to increasing new production and consumption of timber, which has also been attracting attention in government policies. The Sumitomo Forestry Group will continue to offer abundant lifestyles by providing high-value-added products and services while harnessing synergies in housing-related businesses.
Initiatives towards growth
The number of new housing starts is likely to tend downward, alongside the declining population and number of households amid a falling birthrate and aging population. At the same time, new demand is emerging amid the “new normal” and values unique to mature markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
With these changes in mind, Sumitomo Forestry builds highly satisfactory homes for customers in our custom-built detached housing business by proposing layouts with working spaces and interior wood materials that only Sumitomo Forestry can offer, in addition to providing living environments that are comfortable yet strong against natural disasters, while promoting net zero energy houses (ZEH). We are also making progressively more use of the data accumulated through our sales activities to ambitiously transform our sales model. To address worsening labor shortages at
Progress in FY ended December 2020
In our custom-built detached housing business, we focused on online sales activities, such as rolling out MYHOME PARK, a service that allows users to experience our home building virtually. In addition, we leveraged our design capabilities to focus on proposing plans corresponding to new lifestyles, such as the changes in work styles brought about by the spread of telecommuting. As a result, orders have increased compared to the same time last year. On the other hand, profitability was down due to increased production costs, including labor costs, and there were delays in construction. As such, performance was sluggish.
In the apartment business, we worked on expanding orders for apartments constructed via our original “Wall Frame (WF) method. In our residential property development (spec homes) business, we
worksites, we are accelerating initiatives to strengthen and streamline productivity by reducing the amount of labor involved with pre-cast foundations, as well as transitioning toward pre-cuts and panels of various materials.
Sumitomo Forestry will establish a diverse earnings base by also striving to expand business in renovations, apartments and residential property development (spec homes) while promoting the use of wood in non-residential building construction fields. At the same time, we are accelerating efforts to establish infrastructure and mechanisms to stay connected with existing customers throughout our Housing and Construction Business, striving also to construct business models for providing ongoing services tailored to customers’ needs and their stages in life.
focused on online sales activities on top of the previous efforts of procuring excellent land and preparing a construction system, and as a result, the number of houses sold remained strong.
In the renovation business, we focused energy on expanding orders, including for earthquake resistance renovations utilizing our high level of technical capabilities, including our proprietary seismic resistance/seismic vibration damper method.
In January 2021, as a measure toward further expanding our business in medium- to large sized wood buildings, we also added general construction company COHNAN KENSETSU INC. which has bases in both Osaka Prefecture and Tokyo, to the Sumitomo Forestry Group.Housing and Construction Segment
Housing and Construction Business       Comfortable homes worth living in even longer, with the unique feeling and functionality of wood
  Ikuro Takahashi
Managing Executive Officer Divisional Manager of Housing and Construction Division
Data
Number of employees
Japan 9,135
Net sales
Recurring income
(¥ billion) 30
332.3 20 10
 (¥ billion) 600
400 200
449.2 452.8 474.0
24.9 21.6 22.6
 MyForest BF, our new custom-built detached housing product
In April 2021 we launched our new custom-built detached housing product MyForest BF. Mainly characterized by the use of PRIME WOOD, our original new material made with high-quality wood, along with our high-strength, highly-advanced BF (Big-Frame) construction method and a universally appealing outer appearance that incorporates materials derived from wood and tiles to blend in with the neighborhood. MyForest BF is a wood-themed living space brimming with wooden textures. (Outside view: Top of page 39)
      00 18/3 19/3 20/3 20/12(9M)
18/3 19/3
8.5
20/3 20/12(9M)
  39
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 40
* Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Sumitomo Forestry adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29). For transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, instead of the total amount, revenue is now recognized in the net amount.
   Apartment & residential property development (spec homes) business
   Comfortable housing propositions in tune with customers’ lives
We construct most of our houses using our original Big-Frame (BF) construction method that employs a wooden-beam Rahmen structure. This enables us to satisfy a variety of customer needs by allowing flexible design. In addition, there has been a strong need for long-lasting, high-quality homes that reflect full consideration of factors such as safety, durability, and environmental impact. In these circumstances, we have been promoting the widespread adoption of homes specified as ZEH (net zero energy house) which produce a net balance of zero annual primary energy consumption per household. We supply living environments that are resilient to natural disasters and comfortable year-round.
People are thinking about housing in many more different ways than before as a result of changes in their values and lifestyles.
MyForest BF
We are harnessing the wealth of ideas and know-how that we have built up until now to make our customers’ dream homes a reality. In doing so, we focus on providing housing that meets the demands of an array of customers, from first-time home buyers to double-income households and married couples that are done raising their children and seeking a residence for themselves. With telecommuting on the rise due to the spread of COVID-19, we are also making proposals for floor plans that offer sufficient workspace. By making housing with new value-added features more widely available in society, we will contribute to the reliability and safety of as many customers as possible.
Forest Maison CARRÉ apartments
An example of spec homes
Landscaping business
Support for charming environments surrounded by nature
The landscaping business encompasses all aspects of “greenery,” from general housing to urban spaces and the creation of communities with an emphasis on biodiversity. In our residential landscaping business, we offer a range of services from planning and design to the installation and maintenance of exterior and outdoor greenery in order to enhance the value of the residence. In environmental landscaping business, we provide total support for the design, construction and maintenance of natural environments in parks, office buildings and other urban spaces. We also offer landscaping consulting services for a variety of facilities, including factories and research centers.
MOCCA (timber solutions) business
Promoting wooden construction methods and the use of wood for medium- to large sized buildings in the non-residential sector
Interest is growing in wooden construction non-residential buildings in consideration of aspects like responding to climate change and being considerate to the environment. Using the expertise in wood that we have accumulated in various businesses, as well as our technological and design capabilities in the Housing and Construction Business, we are concentrating our efforts on expanding the MOCCA (Timber Solutions) business, which promotes wooden construction methods and the use of wood in non-residential buildings, such as children’s facilities, welfare facilities, lodging facilities, and low-rise buildings. Going forward, we will continue passing down the culture of wood through this business while seeking to reinvigorate Japan’s forestry industry and contribute to the realization of a sustainable society where the economy is in harmony with the environment.
 Beautiful townscapes in harmony with nature
In the apartment business, the Group provides apartments with an appeal that only it can offer by fully utilizing its expertise in wood, including its original construction methods that leverage its technological capabilities and specifications from the viewpoint of residents. For residential property development, the Group's spec homes operations construct quality detached houses based on the technology and knowledge accumulated in the Group’s businesses, such as the custom-built housing business and the landscaping business. Features of these homes are that they respect regional histories, environments, and cultures, and that they are built as townscapes in harmony with nature. In addition to the design codes of buildings that consider all aspects of housing, from location selection to space designs, our aim is to create townscapes with a sense of unity between the homes and nature.
Existing homes business
Example of an actual renovation
Home renovation with value to “sustain and utilize”
As Japan’s housing stock has risen to around 62 million homes while the number of households is roughly 54 million, the Japanese government is promoting policies to make use of established housing and ensure the “formation of housing stock of good quality.” The Group is developing home renovation technologies to improve disaster prevention and mitigation performance, such as by enhancing seismic-reinforcement construction methods. We also operate business in resales of renovated properties, real estate brokerage, real estate rental and management, and more. We contribute to society through this eco-friendly business model of properly evaluating housing stock and utilizing it effectively as high-quality assets.
An example of environmental landscaping (Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Surugadai Building (ECOM Surugadai))Reducing environmental impact through business
ZEH (Net Zero Energy House)
We have long provided homes that are comfortable to live in throughout the year by using wood, which is a renewable natural resource that absorbs and stores CO2 during its growth process, as a primary structural material, and by incorporating our Ryouonbou natural heating and cooling design concept, which utilizes elements of our natural surroundings like wind and sunlight. Combining our expertise utilizing these properties of trees and blessings of nature with “technologies to reduce energy consumption” such as higher-performance insulation and energy saving equipment, and “technologies to use energy wisely” such as devices that generate and store energy and HEMS*, we are reducing household CO2 emissions by enhancing
 Sumirin Denki electricity service for post-FIT owners
Since November 2019 we have been offering a service called Sumirin Denki, in which Sumitomo Forestry serves as an agent for the purchase of surplus electricity from home solar power generation as well as for electricity supply for house owners whose 10-year purchase period under the renewable energy feed-in-tariff (FIT) scheme has ended (“post-FIT”). Through this service we are working to increase customer satisfaction, and we
will link it to the achievement of our greenhouse gas reduction Science Based Targets (SBT) for 2030 by effectively utilizing renewable energy purchased from owners in our offices, showrooms and other business facilities.
* See page 70 for more details about SBT
Incorporation of solar power
energy efficiency in the home.
* Home Energy Management System. HEMS manages energy in the
home, and visualizes the amount of electricity generated and consumed.   41 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 42