  Street view of houses sold by Gehan Homes Group (United States)
Diversifying revenue streams and entering into new areas, while contributing to each country’s society and regional communities
Since the launch of the detached housing business in the United States in 2003, the Group has actively entered into new and promising growth markets, and it is currently conducting businesses in the United States, Australia, and Asia. In these regions, it is expected that demand for housing will be solid in the medium to long term against the backdrop of their stably growing populations. In addition to detached housing business manly aimed at customer demographics with immediate demand, we are also active in real estate development in the regions where we operate. Being active in a wide range of business domains, we intend to diversify and stabilize our revenue streams and diversity our business while contributing to the abundance of life in each of these areas.
Housing is a business with strong local characteristics due to changing local customs and lifestyle habits. Therefore, we manage this business to make full use of the knowledge of our group companies in each region and our ability to propose products tailored to the needs of those regions. Adapting to the increasingly varied housing needs in recent years, we are expanding our product lineup with town homes, condominiums, and other offerings. Leveraging the comprehensive strength of the Group, we are creating synergies, and adding competitive strength in each business area through materials procurement, establishing business infrastructure and sharing of various types of information, while striving to manage in a way that fosters group-wide unity and bolstering out governance.
Initiatives towards growth
In the detached housing business in the United States and Australia, we are focusing on increasing the number of homes sold through sales activities that are based on sales strategies tailored to characteristics of each region. In the real estate development business in the United States as well, we are establishing a business structure to stabilize revenue. Based on the organic growth of each company, we also aim to achieve steady growth by diversifying revenue streams and entering into new areas. Furthermore, we are widely engaged in real estate development projects in order to grow the Asia region into our third overseas revenue pillar after the
Progress in FY ended December 2020
In the detached housing business in the United States, sales activities have been hampered by effects of the COVID-19 pandemic such as temporary entry restrictions to showrooms. However, the market has recovered and performance has been strong thanks to historically low housing loan interest rates as well as increasing demand for newly constructed detached housing in the suburbs caused by the spread of telecommuting. The Group entered the markets in the Metro Atlanta region in Georgia and the
United States and Australia.
Regarding real estate investment risk, we appropriately
conduct monitoring based on internal regulations, including confirming the inventory conditions of real estate for sale and the latest price trends, while at the same time doubling our efforts to respond flexibly to the market conditions and economic climate.
From the viewpoint of growth in the future as well, through our businesses, we are aiming to contribute to local communities, solidify the business foundation, and further grow the business scale.
state of Alabama for the first time through the transfer acquisition of business from a local builder by Sumitomo Forestry Group company DRB Group in December 2020.
In our detached housing business in Australia, construction starts were delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but there have been signs of market recovery as the government’s support initiatives including the housing construction subsidy system have produced results.Overseas Housing and Real Estate Segment
Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business        Atsushi Kawamura
Director Managing Executive Officer Divisional Manager of Overseas Housing and Real Estate DivisionGehan Homes Group in the U.S. wins Grand Award for Builder of the Year by Texas Association of Builders
Texas, USA-based detached housing builder Gehan Homes Group was awarded Volume Builder of the Year at the 2020 Star Awards organized by the Texas Association of Builders. Since its establishment in 1992, the Star Awards has established a long history designating winning individual and corporations involved in the residential housing business, from residential housing builders to renovators, designers, and more. Gehan Homes Group won the Grand Award for Builder of the Year for the third time, after previously winning it in 2010 and 2017.
 Houses built by Gehan Homes Group
Data
Number of employees
Japan
47
Net sales
Recurring income
    Overseas
2,661
(¥ billion) 400
300 200 100
364.9 399.4 352.4 306.0
(¥ billion) 60
40
20
44.0
     2,708
23.5
25.8 34.5
19/3 20/3
00
18/3 19/3 20/3 20/12(9M) 18/3
20/12(9M)
  43
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 44
Detached housing business areas in Australia
 Henley Properties Group
VIC :Victoria QLD :Queensland
WA
NSW :New South Wales
SA
Perth VIC
SA
QLD
:South Australia
 Brisbane
NSW
Wisdom Properties Group
NSW:
New South Wales
Scott Park Group
WA:
Western Australia
 Adelaide
Sydney Melbourne
Detached housing business group companies
Henley Properties Scott Park Group(WA) Wisdom Properties Group(VIC/QLD/NSW/SA) Group(NSW)
   United States
Conducting a detached housing business and a real estate development business over a wide region, from the west coast to the east cost
The Group started construction and sales of specs homes in 2003 in Seattle, Washington, the site of the distribution base with more than 50 years’ experience in timber and building materials. This marked our entry into the United States, the world’s largest housing market. We have built long-term partnerships and expanded our business by adding leading local builders to the group, accumulating know-how while valuing the United States’ unique housing culture, customs, and construction methods. In January
2021, Gehan Homes Group entered the market in the Metro Denver region in Colorado. Together with new market entry in the Metro Atlanta region in Georgia and in Alabama by DRB Group the previous year, this broadened our business presence in the Sun Belt region where economic growth has been significant. The Group now has business presence in 17 states and special districts, including Crescent Communities which operates in the real estate development business, and Mark III Properties which operates in residential land development.
Based on the relationships of trust with the management team of each company, which we have established by sharing our management philosophy and business policy, we are working to improve quality and design features. Moreover, while providing living environments and communities that meet the needs of our business areas, we are further progressing business expansion and development.
Australia
Operating our detached housing business throughout Australia
In Australia we mainly construct and sell custom-built housing and spec homes. Since launching our housing business there in 2008 we have been steadily expanding our business area. We currently operate in all the major five cities - Melbourne, Brisbane, Sydney, Adelaide, and Perth. Utilizing a network spanning all Australia, we are building and selling high-quality wooden housing. Sumitomo Forestry Group company the Henley Property Group has been garnering high acclaim, including multiple times winning the Professional Major Builder Award which is presented to the building company with the greatest overall capabilities operating in each state, and selection for the second time as Australia’s No. 1 in 2020 after previously winning it in 2015. We are also dedicating our comprehensive efforts to providing exquisite living environments, including through our spec homes business in communities that we develop ourselves, and by developing housing that is considerate of the environment and residents’ health.
In Australia, where the population is expected to grow in the medium to long term, we are offering housing that meets the
Asia
Developing real estate including multi-family housing, commercial and mixed-use facilities, and detached housing
We are engaged in joint development of condominiums for sale and the detached spec homes business with local companies in Hong Kong, Vietnam, Indonesia, and Thailand. Business is being developed in all four of these markets based on actual demand alongside the regions’ medium- to long-term economic growth. As our next area for overseas business expansion after the United States and Australia for the Group, we aim to strengthen our earnings base.
Through joint ventures with local companies in each country, we strive to provide high-quality living environments by harnessing the functions and resources of these companies while utilizing our accumulated design expertise in the effective use of spaces and improvement of functionality in order to create attractive interiors rich with the essence of wood. We are aiming to stabilize our business foundation while capturing housing demand that is strong during this time in which infrastructure is being rapidly established, population is increasing, and income levels are rising, as we alsoDetached housing business areas in U.S.
Edge Homes Group
UT:Utah
Gehan Homes Group
TX : Texas
AZ : Arizona CO : Colorado
WA
DRB Group
PA : Pennsylvania MD : Maryland WV : West Virginia VA : Virginia
NC : North Carolina SC : South Carolina DE : Delaware
GA : Georgia
AL : Alabama
MainVue Homes Group
WA : Washington TX : Texas
 UT AZ
CO
WV NC
PA
VA
DE MD
  TX
AL
GA
SC
 Detached housing business group companies
MainVue Homes Group (WA/TX) Edge Homes Group (UT)
Gehan Homes Group (TX/AZ/ Bloomfield Homes Group (TX) DRB Group (MD/VA/WV/NC/SC/ CO) PA/DE/GA/AL)
Bloomfield Homes Group
TX : Texas
     needs of a wide range of demographics by developing multiple brands each with their own characteristics.
help to improve the living environments of people in local communities.  Thailand
Condominium development business
Vietnam
Condominium development business
Indonesia
Comprehensive development business
Thailand
Detached spec homes development business
Indonesia
Detached spec homes development business
Hong Kong
Condominium development business
    Crescent Communities business areas
 Salt Lake City
Phoenix
Denver
Dallas Austin
Washington, D.C. Charlotte Nashville
Atlanta
Houston
Raleigh
Orlando Tampa
  Crescent Communities (NC/SC/DC/GA/TN/FL/TX/AZ/CO/UT)
45 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 46