  Environment and Resources Segment
Environment and Resources Business           Masanobu Nishikawa
Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Environment and Resources Division
New Zealand plantation forest
Planting trees, nurturing forests, and utilizing them as resources.
Utilizing resources effectively for local production and consumption of energy
In the Environment and Resources Business, Sumitomo Forestry owns a total of approximately 48 thousand hectares of forest in Japan, which is approximately one eight-hundredth of the country’s land area, for which we engage in sustainable forestry management based on a “sustainable forestry” approach of planting, growing, logging, and utilizing trees, and then replanting trees. This includes acquiring forestry certification from the Sustainable Green Ecosystem Council (SGEC). Overseas, we own and manage approximately 231 thousand hectares of plantation forests in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and New Zealand, including forests that have acquired third-party forestry certification such as FSC®, while we are also contributing to preserving biodiversity and developing local communities.
In our Renewable Energy Business to make effective use of wood and other resources, we are mainly active in wood biomass power generation in Japan.
(FSC® license code: FSC-C113957)
Initiatives towards growth
The Japanese government has declared the goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions to virtually zero by 2050, and society at large is progressing toward decarbonization. In our Environment and Resources Business we are striving to enhance our corporate value by utilizing sustainable forest resources effectively.
Currently in Japan, forests planted after WWII have matured and reached their harvesting period, and reforms are being progressed to turn the forestry industry into a growth industry by promoting the use of wood. While the use of domestic timber is being promoted, clearcut logging is also expected to continue. Securing reliable supplies of the seedlings needed for reforestation is therefore becoming a pivotal issue. In the Group’s domestic forestry business, we are aiming to improve productivity and ensure safety by introducing advanced forestry machinery. At the same
Progress in FY ended December 2020
In our domestic forestry business, we signed a comprehensive partnership with Nishiawakura Village, Aida-gun, Okayama and Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited for the promotion of a forest trust with a forestation asset as the trust property in August, 2020. As forestry experts, we will provide management support with respect to forestation asset management methods and increasing the efficiency of forestation, felling, and other activities carried out by a forest management company. Utilizing the know-how cultivated through this agreement, we will contribute to the promotion of regional revitalization based on forestry as we roll out our forest trust efforts.
Business results were also strong, owing primarily to increased
time, we are establishing and strengthening our container seedling production system and striving to implement sustainable forestry management that is competitive internationally.
In our overseas forestry business, natural wood supplies are expected to further diminish due to global deforestation and the tightening of logging restrictions in natural forests. In this situation, we will continue to grow stably and over the long term by supplying sustainable high-quality wood from the forests we have planted, while also looking to expand our forest area.
For our renewable energy business which has been attracting greater attention since the Japanese Government pledged to become carbon neutral by 2050, we will strengthen our wood biomass power generation business and accelerate our effective utilization of other sustainable resources.
sales volume in Tasman Pine Forests Ltd., in Nelson, a city in the South Island of New Zealand. Additionally, we made an equity-method affiliate, which is engaged in reforestation and forest management in West Kalimantan, Indonesia, into a consolidated subsidiary, and also acquired a neighboring forest asset as we worked to reinforce the structure of our sustainable business operations.
In renewable energy business, business results were strong in biomass power generation owing to stable operations of our three wood biomass power plants across Japan, including in Mombetsu City, Hokkaido.
 Data
Number of employees
Net sales
(¥ billion)
20
10
Recurring income
    Japan
108
Overseas
780
19.5 19.3
(¥ billion)
6
4 4.0
   888
3.6
1.7
15.1
  47
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 48
2 00
  19/3 20/3 20/12(9M) 19/3
* Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the Environment and Resources Business was transferred from the “Other” segment.
20/3 20/12(9M)
Shooting location: Wakayama (Japan)
  Domestic forestry business
Revitalizing domestic forestry and contributing to regional revitalization
The Group is making forest management more efficient by deploying high-performance timber machinery such as the lumber-gathering Tower Yarder that promotes safer and more efficient operations in steep forests, and the Harvester that combines the functions of felling, collecting, and lumbering trees in a single machine. Together with Nippon Caterpillar we have also developed the Taser winch assist forestry machine which makes it possible to operate heavy tree harvesters and skidders on sloped terrain. We are also pursuing development of the cutting-edge technologies as evidenced by the development of a forestry assistance suit that reduces workload, as well as seedling transport drones and test forestation with fast-growing tree species. The Group has greenhouse seedling cultivation centers in six locations nationwide as production infrastructure for container seedlings of cedar, Japanese larch, and other trees. In addition to our own
Overseas forestry business
Reducing environmental burden and creating sustainable forests
Radiata pine trees planted in New Zealand grow quickly and provide stable supply. With its homogeneity and broad usability, this tree species has price competitiveness. Furthermore, the Group has built an integrated supply chain by utilizing trees obtained from these forests as raw material in production of medium-density fiberboard (MDF) and laminated veneer lumber (LVL) in the country. The supply chain carries out sustainable forest management and industrial material production in harmony with the local society
and environment.
In Indonesia we have been operating a large-scale reforestation
in West Kalimantan since 2010. There, our initiative together with the Indonesian government to manage peatland in a way that maintains business while curtailing greenhouse gas emissions has also garnered international acclaim as a case study in advanced, high-quality peatland management. We have given COP presentations for three consecutive years since COP23 in 2017 at the request of the Indonesian government. In December 2020 we established wholly-owned subsidiary PT. Kubu Mulia Forestry (KMF)
Mowing weeds and vines that hinder the growth of cedar seedlings
company-owned forests, we also provide seedlings to national and private-owned forests. At our facilities we monitor the environment of in which seedlings are raised in greenhouses and produce seedlings year-round regardless of the season.
The domestic forestry business is the core of our business, which constitutes the roots of the Sumitomo Forestry Group. As we pursue sustainable business models going forward, we will also be working to help revitalize local economies and the domestic forestry sector. This includes using our expertise and experience from managing our company-owned forests to actively develop forest-based asset management businesses for the public and private sector.
Indonesia plantation forest
and acquired plantation forests adjacent to our other Group companies in Indonesia, PT. Wana Subur Lestari (WSL) and PT. Mayangkara Tanaman Industri (MTI). Adding KMF has enabled us to further improve upon the peatland ecosystem management that we have been engaged in.
In Papua New Guinea, the Group practices sustainable forest management through our own directly-managed operations, and operates clinics and markets for local areas that lack sufficient social infrastructure, thereby contributing to improvements in health and living conditions of local people.
Renewable energy business
Utilizing construction waste and unused timber from forests as an energy resource
Our wood biomass power generation business, which uses chips made from construction waste, unused timber from forests* and other materials as fuel, possesses an operational advantage in stable access to fuel, leveraging the Group’s procurement sources attained in the Timber and Building Materials Businesses, while also holding a high level of social significance through effective utilization of timber, curb increases in CO2 emissions, and contributions to the development of forestry such as improving forest environments in regional areas.
In our wood biomass power generation business, we aim to provide society with even more renewable energy, boost the added value of forest resources through utilization of wood resources, and ultimately strengthen and enliven forests and their essential function of carbon absorption and capture.
The Group is promoting renewable energy business suited to
Main flow of wood biomass power generation
Mombetsu biomass power plant
local characteristics and conditions by harnessing our know-how, networks, and other management resources as well as experience in the wood biomass power generation business.
* Refers to thinned wood and felled timber left in forests without being used due to curved shape or small diameter.
This wood harms the environment in the forest when it is abandoned and interferes with proper forest management and forestation efforts.  Service Areas
Unused timber from forests, construction waste, and other wood materials
Supply of wood chips for fuel
Electricity
Electricity
Start of operation
The Company’s investment ratio
Power generation capacity
Fuel
Kawasaki City, Kanagawa Prefecture
February 2011
Construction waste and others
Production of wood chips
Biomass power generation
Electric power company
Companies, etc.
  Conversion of unused timber from forests, construction waste, and other wood materials to chips for use as wood fuel
Wood biomass power generation is carbon neutral
Biomass power generation using fuel chips
Wood biomass power generation is considered to be a power generation method that does not result in changes in CO2 levels. Since CO2 emitted by combustion of the wood is the CO2 in air that is absorbed by trees through photosynthesis during the growth process, this power generation does not increase CO2 in the atmosphere during the trees’ lifecycle. This concept of a carbon cycle is known as carbon neutral and curtails increase in CO2 concentration in the atmosphere.
Our wood biomass power plants (as of March 31, 2021)
           34%
33MW
Mombetsu City, Hokkaido
December 2016
Unused timber from forests and others
51%
50MW
mai Biomass Hachinohe Biomass Kanda Biomasss Morinomiyako Biomass
Tomakomai City, Hokkaido
April 2017
Unused timber from forests and others
20%
6.2MW
Hachinohe City, Aomori Prefecture
Unused timber from forests and others
April 2018
52%
12.4MW
Miyako-gun, Fukuoka Prefecture
Imported wood pellets and others
June 20 (plann
41.5%
75MW
21 ed)
Sendai City, Miyagi Prefecture
November 2023 (planned)
15.0%
Imported wood pellets and others
    49 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 50