  Initiatives towards growth
In our elderly care services business, we provide spaces with the comforting effect of wood and nursing care geared toward each individual. We help to maintain and improve the health and lifestyle of the users of our services, and reduce the caretaking burden on their families. We are also continuously engaged in human resources development for our staff, and are constantly looking for ways to further improve our occupancy rates and achieve business stability. Working together with local communities to deliver advanced, high-quality services, we are helping to create a society in which people can enjoy vibrant, healthy lives.
In terms of regional revitalization, we are part of a new lodging and accommodations business aimed at energizing the community at the largest commercial facility in Japan called Vison, which is now open in the town of Taki, Mie Prefecture. Vison is an industry-government-academia joint project centered on the keywords of food, knowledge, and health, with the goals of promoting industry and creating jobs utilizing local resources. Working together with multiple companies and government
agencies participating in the project, Sumitomo Forestry intends to expand business opportunities and contribute to local revitalization by deploying open innovation to solve problems in communities.
 Care manager at work (at rear in photo)Other Segment
Lifestyle Services Business       Solving social issues, offering fulfillment and comfort in each stage of life
VISON distant viewSumirin Fill Care
Number of private-pay elderly care facilities operated: 16
Number of day care business facilities operated: 3 (As of end of March 2021)
 Gran Forest Gakugei Daigaku
Sumirin Care Life
Sumirin Fill Care Co., Ltd. operates 16 private-pay elderly care facilities and three day care business facilities, mainly in the Greater Tokyo area, advocating “the warmth of people and trees” and “elderly care services for changing times.” With the introduction of advanced systems that use ICT and the guidance of specialists in that field, the Company is actively undertaking initiatives that use the latest technology for elderly care, such as operating our original service “Forest Life” which maintains and improves the living environment and health status of facility users.
Number of private-pay elderly care facilities operated: 3
Number of private-pay elderly care facilities (residences that include living support services) operated: 1 (As of end of March 2021)
In May 2020 we opened large-scale private-pay elderly care facility Elegano Nishinomiya with 309 rooms in Nishinomiya, Hyogo Prefecture. We now operate four large-scale private-pay elderly care facilities and seven stations that provide home care services. Our private-pay elderly care facilities offer various forms of recreation, as well as living support services tailored to the life stages of residents through partnerships with medical institutions.
 Elegano Nishinomiya
Kunihiko Takagiri
Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Lifestyle Service Division
In the lifestyle services business, the Group offers a wide range of living-related services centered on our elderly care services business.
Japan is currently confronted with a multitude of social issues. One particularly glaring issue is the country’s rapidly accelerating birthrate decline and aging population.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group operates services such as private-pay elderly care facilities and home care services, catering to a wide variety of needs. Our private-pay elderly care facilities leverage our expertise in creating spaces with the comforting effect of wood and lifestyles that incorporate the greenery of the seasons, in order to offer our residents comfortable places to live that are fulfilling for both mind and body.
Decline in Japan’s regional areas due to the falling population is also a serious problem. In response, our Group is actively involved in regional revitalization initiatives to spur regional economies, including participation in the development of commercial facilities opened as an industry-government-academia collaborative project. With the comfortable living environments that we build in communities throughout the country, we are doing our part to maintain appealing lifestyles in Japanese society into the future.
Data
Number of employees
Net sales
Recurring income
(¥ billion)
6 4
  Japan 1,159
(¥ billion) 40
30 20 10
0
37.0
18/3
22.3
19/3
23.4
20/3 20/12(9M)
4.9 21.5
 18.4
00.1
18/3 19/3 20/3 20/12(9M)
0.8
    * Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Sumitomo Forestry adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29). For transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, revenue is now shown as the net amount instead of the total amount. We also separated the Environment and Resources Business as an independent category from the Other Segment in FY3/20. Net sales and recurring income up to FY3/18 correspond to the categories before this change. The Other Segment covers elderly care services business, insurance agency business related to homes, and various other service businesses. Recurring profit includes equipment-method investment income from Kumagai Gumi Co., Ltd.
51 Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021 52