 Integrated Annual Report 2018
                             
 Group Management Philosophy
We will at all times carefully consider the interests of our customers when making decisions that shape our business. We will strive to contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of our customers and society as a whole by providing insurance and related services of the highest quality possible.
 Editorial Policy for Integrated Annual Report 2018
This report has been prepared as an integrated annual report with the aim of explaining to stakeholders, in an easily understood manner, about the Sompo Holdings Group as it transforms itself into a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers” based on the Group Management Philosophy indicated above. This report comprehensively describes past performance and future strategies from both financial and non-financial perspectives and was prepared while referencing the International Integrated Reporting Framework*1 and the Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation: ESG integration, non-financial Information disclosure, and Intangible Assets into Investment.*2
In addition, the Company has published disclosure materials based on Article 271-25 of the Insurance Business Act and Article 210-10-2 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act.
Important/overview
Detailed/comprehensive
Financial information Non-financial information
    Integrated Annual Report 2018
  CSR Communication Report 2018
*1 An international corporate reporting framework issued by the International Integrated Reporting Council, which was established in 2010 *2 A guidance issued by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry to encourage companies and investors to foster mutual under-
standing through information disclosure and dialogue and thereby promote collaborative value creation
Note: The photograph in the center of the second row of photographs on the cover of this report shows Vincent van Gogh’s Sunflowers (circa 1888) at the Seiji Togo Memorial Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Museum of Art.
Corporate Governance Report
 Website
   
Contents
Group Management Strategy
Value Creation Process
A Message from the Group CEO
Interviews with Outside Directors
Corporate Governance
A Message from the Group CFO
A Message from the Group CSO 22
Special Feature
Creation of Social Value by Building a
“Theme Park for the Security, Health,
and Wellbeing of Customers” 24
Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group
History 30
Business Strategy
Domestic P&C Insurance Business 44
Domestic Life Insurance Business 50 Nursing Care & Healthcare Business 54 Overseas Insurance Business 58 Strategic Businesses 65
Group Management Foundation
HR Strategy 68 Digital Strategy 70 IT Governance 72 Brand Strategy 73 Strategic Risk Management (ERM) 74
Corporate Information
Management Members 78
Corporate Governance (Appendix) 82 Corporate Overview 91 Share and Shareholder Information 92 The Company, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates 94
Financial Section
Financial Section 97
  2
4 10 12 18
    Major Topics from Fiscal 2017
Financial Highlights
Non-Financial Highlights (ESG Initiatives)
32 34 38
   Pages Covering Major Themes
 The following themes are discussed on multiple pages. Please refer to the pages listed below for information on the following themes. (Information that is relevant to these themes may also be found on pages other than those listed below.)
 Business Portfolio
• Value creation process—Page 2
• Distribution of adjusted consolidated
profit by business—Pages 22, 23, and 31
• Details and characteristics of each business—Pages 44–66
 Non-Financial Topics (Environmental / Social)
• Creation of social value through new businesses—Pages 24–28
• Overview of environmental and social contribution activities—Pages 38–43
 Financial Data
• Business performance and financial condition—Pages 18–21
• Consolidated financial data for past eight years—Pages 34–35
• Performance and financial condition trends—Pages 36–37
• Market trends of businesses and performance and financial conditions of operating companies—Pages 44–66
 Non-Financial Topics (Corporate Governance)
• Statements by outside directors—Pages 10–11
• Characteristics and effectiveness of
corporate governance structure—Pages 13–15
• Comprehensive corporate governance-related information—Pages 82–90
Forward-Looking Statements
The forecasts included in this document are based on the information currently available and on certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable. Accordingly, the actual results may differ materially from those projected herein depending on various factors.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 1

   Value Creation Process
The Sompo Holdings Group will reform existing business models as well as its entire business portfolio by leveraging digital technologies and developing new businesses and services.
By creating new value through transformation into a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers,” we aim to help realize a resilient, sustainable society.
Focus Social Issues
Realization of
“Theme Park for the Security, Health,
     Page 44
     Fiscal 2017 Performance
Fiscal 2018 Forecasts
Page 54
Domestic P&C insurance business
 Nursing care & healthcare business
Aging society and decreasing population
Extension of healthy life spans
 Evolving technologies and diversifying lifestyles
  Adjusted ¥162.7billion Adjusted
consolidated profit
Adjusted consolidated ROE
¥220.0billion 8.3%
6.4% Utilization of Capital
Adjusted consolidated ROE
consolidated profit
   2 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
*1 The number of Group employees is as of March 31, 2018.
*2 The figure for adjusted consolidated net assets is the average of the amounts on April 1, 2017, and March 31, 2018.
Increasing natural disasters due to climate change and other factors
Strengths Forming Management Foundation.
   Human Capital
Utilization of human resources through global platform
Group employees*1 Approx. 80,000
 Intellectual Capital
Proactive adoption of digital technologies
Incorporation of external insight through open innovation
 Financial Capital
Robust financial base
Adjusted consolidated net assets*2 ¥2,553.9 billion
See page 68 for our See page 70 for See page 18 for a message human resource strategy. our digital strategy. from the Group CFO.
 
 and Wellbeing of Customers”
Supply products and services that reflect a variety of evolving risks
  Overseas insurance
Domestic life insurance business
Page
Provide high-quality nursing care and healthcare services
 business
Leverage leading-edge digital technologies to create a new experience of security, health, and wellbeing for customers
 Deliver products and services that help address climate change and other environmental problems
 Relationships with Stakeholders
  Social and Relationship Capital
• Customer base
• Agency networks • Strategic partners
Group Management Strategy
         50
Realization of a Sustainable Society
Creation of a society offering security, health, and wellbeing
Realization of more comfortable lifestyles
  Page 58
Vision for Fiscal 2020 and Beyond
Global Top 10 Level
Adjusted
consolidated ROE over
 Adjusted
consolidated profit ¥
300.0
billion level 10.0%
Integrated Annual Report 2018 3

 A Message from the Group CEO
My Commitment
We will contribute to the security, health,
and wellbeing of customers by providing insurance and related services of the highest quality possible.
During its 130-year history, the Sompo Holdings Group has grown in step with
the lives of its customers and the business activities of companies. We have continuously contributed to society by providing security through insurance not only in relation to accidents but also on a day-to-day basis.
However, an array of social issues are emerging and increasing in complexity in the current era of volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA). Moreover, global society faces common, challenging issues, which the United Nations has recognized by setting the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).*
In response, the Group’s role must evolve. I believe that our mission is to help achieve a sustainable society by going beyond the boundaries of the insurance
  4
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
business to create new value. In other words, we must “contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of customers by providing insurance and related services of the highest quality possible.”
To realize this mission, the Mid-Term Management Plan calls on the Group to transform into a unique, progressive “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.” Based on this vision, we are tackling initiatives with conviction.
* Goals for 2030 adopted at the United Nations Sustainable Development Summit in 2015

   The Group’s Operating Environment
A variety of social issues are emerging and increasing in complexity. These include the ever-increasing threat of natural disasters precipitated by climate change all over the world, such as the heavy downpours that occurred across a wide swath of western Japan this year; geopolitical risks stemming from instability; human rights; growing disparity among regions; and the evolution of digital technologies. Japan, our home market, is facing population decline and the rapid aging of its society. Meanwhile, global society is seeing a widening of the scope of its shared challenges, such as the SDGs that the United Nations adopted. The annual meeting of the World
Kengo Sakurada
President & Group CEO Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Economic Forum, often called the Davos Forum, which I attend every year, discusses solutions to such issues. This year’s discussion was themed on “Creating a Shared Future in a Fractured World.” Addressing these issues through individual bodies is no longer meaningful. Governments, business, and civil society must address issues collectively by transcending existing boundaries and engaging through impactful partnerships.
In this environment, significant threats to the Group include not only population decline and climate change but also disruption of existing markets caused by digital
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 5
Group Management Strategy

A Message from the Group CEO
transformation. For example, in the P&C insurance business demand for automobile insurance could decrease with the spread of self-driving cars. Also, forays into the insurance
The Group’s Vision
To win out in such an era, the Sompo Holdings Group is going to move beyond the confines of its mainstay insurance business and transform into a unique, progressive “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers” by providing services of the highest quality possible.
Stakeholders sometimes ask about the concept behind the vision referred to by a “theme park for the security, health,
industry by ICT-based companies could disrupt it dramatically. Thus, society is in an era of VUCA, and I believe that the Group’s operating environment will change significantly.
and wellbeing of customers.” I would like to take this opportunity to explain our concept. Basically, the Group’s mainstay insurance business allows customers to prepare for emergencies. Through the “theme park,” however, our goal is not only to mitigate the effects of accidents or illnesses but also to help customers sustain their present happiness and, if possible, to make them even happier. In other words, we are going to
  6
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

 maintain or make a positive contribution to customers’ quality of life. Theme parks are places for having fun, being happy, and directly experiencing such things as rides and snacks. In a similar way, we want to give customers a tangible sense of security, health, and wellbeing through the products and services. For example, requiring nursing care is never a welcome
development for a person or his or her family. However, we want to help ensure that, if nursing care is required, customers know that there are reliable places to which they can entrust the care of their loved ones and where these family members can live happily. This is the sense in which we use the phrase “theme park.”
Transformation into a “Theme Park for the Security, Health, and Wellbeing of Customers”
 Transformation and Ecosystems
What does transformation mean for the Sompo Holdings Group? It does not simply mean increasing scale, becoming robust, or revamping the organization. Transformation entails achieving qualitative evolution. Accordingly, we revolutionize our businesses by creating business models that depart from the past completely. While optimizing digital technologies, capital, and other management resources, the Group will reform its entire business portfolio. Rather than just focusing on collaborations among existing frameworks or Group companies, we are going to build new ecosystems that link us to external partners with outstanding expertise and potential. By influencing each other and heightening our capabilities as a whole, we are going to turn into a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.” This is the Group’s qualitative evolution, or transformation.
Indispensable Elements for Transformation: Digital Technology × Personnel
We need two elements to realize transformation—digital technology and personnel. To convert the impending digital transformation and disruption into an opportunity, we have to grasp trends in the world of digital technology more quickly and take actions beyond existing frameworks and business models. With this in mind, we have established SOMPO Digital Lab in Tokyo and Silicon Valley, the United States. We have also established a lab in Israel, which is in the vanguard of technology development. SOMPO Digital Lab is advancing a range of
leading-edge initiatives, such as developing digital technology applications for existing businesses and entering the cybersecurity field.
While extremely important, being well informed about the latest technologies is in itself not enough to bring about transformation. In the digital era, personnel are one of the most significant factors and the ultimate differentiating factor. No matter how far AI or robotics progress, they will never be able to empathize or make decisions about complex, unresolvable problems while taking into account broad perspectives. To put it another way, I believe that the roles of personnel will become even more important in the digital era. Emotional intelligence will be the main attribute, and personnel with well-developed emotional intelligence will be the key drivers of the digital era. Therefore, we have been fostering many emotionally intelligent personnel while diversifying our workforce by developing or hiring personnel with professional competence or rare talents. These exceptional personnel will drive our transformation.
I believe that our initiatives in this regard will create new value, enable us to see social issues as opportunities, enhance long-term corporate value, and help realize a resilient, inclusive, and sustainable society.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 7
Group Management Strategy

A Message from the Group CEO
Progress under the Mid-Term Management Plan
 8
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Through the five-year Mid-Term Management Plan that began in fiscal 2016, the Sompo Holdings Group has been transforming toward realization of vision that I have been outlining.
The current fiscal year is the plan’s third fiscal year. We will further evolve the foundations that we have built, achieve benefits steadily, and accelerate initiatives to realize a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.” Also, by an early stage of the period from fiscal 2020 onward, we are aiming for a business scale and capital efficiency on a par with the level of the top 10 global publicly listed insurance companies. Specifically, we are targeting adjusted consolidated profit of over ¥300.0 billion and adjusted consolidated ROE of over 10.0%. To these ends, with stable earnings generation and a robust capital base as foundations, we are going to establish a continuous growth cycle by increasing the profitability of existing businesses and realizing investment opportunities through the transformation of and collaboration among businesses.
In fiscal 2017, adjusted consolidated profit declined ¥20.5 billion year on year, to ¥162.7 billion, reflecting the effects of natural disasters, such as the hurricanes in North America, and large-scale accidents in Japan and overseas. In fiscal 2018, however, we expect adjusted consolidated profit to reach a record ¥220.0 billion* thanks to higher earnings from businesses.
Regarding returns to shareholders, in fiscal 2017 we increased dividends per share by ¥20 year on year and implemented total share buybacks of ¥39.1 billion, thereby realizing our medium-to-long-term target of a total payout ratio of 50% for the fourth consecutive year. Moreover, in line with earnings, we expect to increase dividends for the fifth straight year in fiscal 2018.
During the two fiscal years since launching the Mid-Term Management Plan, the initiatives of each business have made solid progress. We are going to continue to steadily implement strategies aimed at realizing a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.”
The Domestic P&C Insurance Business
We aim to sustain growth by revising business processes developed over many years and reforming a corporate culture that has a 130-year history. We are innovating to grow existing businesses and create new value. As well as using AI, robotic process automation (RPA), and other digital technologies to increase productivity, we are partnering with progressive companies outside the insurance industry to develop mold-breaking products and services.
The Domestic Life Insurance Business
By rolling out “Insurhealth,” which integrates traditional insurance services and health care, we are offering new value and transforming into a health support enterprise that aids people in leading healthy lives. More specifically, we established the health service brand Linkx (pronounced “link cross”). Under this brand, we have launched a new type of income compensation product. This product reduces the premiums of customers whose health improves and provides them with a reimbursement of the difference between the former and reduced premiums dating back to the time of policy enrollment. Through such products and services, we offer new value in the form of health maintenance and promotion.
The Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
Thanks to a steady rise in the occupancy rate of nursing homes, this business achieved its goal of moving into the black in fiscal 2017. Also, we are simultaneously improving service quality and reducing costs through the merger of
two of our Group companies,* which we implemented in July 2018. In addition, anticipating the rapid aging of society, we are taking measures to extend healthy life expectancy. As part of these efforts, we have established the basis for industry– academia–government partnerships tasked with reducing and preventing dementia. Thus, our focus is not just on growing the Group but also on addressing social issues and helping make “Japan, an affluent country that can boast to the world about the long and quality lives of its people.”
* Sompo Care Inc. and Sompo Care Next Inc. merged, and Sompo Care Inc. is the surviving company.

   The Overseas Insurance Business
In developed countries, we have completed a reorganization centered on Sompo International, acquired in March 2017, and this effort has already borne fruit. For example, our underwriting has become more sophisticated. Also, we have established AgriSompo, which is rolling out crop insurance globally. Further, we intend to build a platform that encompasses insurance businesses in the retail fields of emerging markets. We are building the world’s first truly integrated global insurance platform.
(Billions of yen) 300
200
100
Domestic P&C insurance Nursing care & healthcare Adjusted consolidated ROE
(%)
Domestic Life insurance 10.0 Overseas insurance
8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
    00
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 Our Vision (Actual) (Actual) (Actual) (Forecast) (After FY2020)
*1 For details about the definitions of adjusted consolidated profit and adjusted consolidated ROE, please see page 35.
*2 The Group’s numerical targets for fiscal 2018 under the Mid-Term Management Plan announced in November 2016 were adjusted consolidated profit of
between ¥220.0 billion and ¥230.0 billion and adjusted consolidated ROE of over 8.0%.
  Adjusted consolidated profit*1
  ¥164.3 billion ¥183.2 billion ¥162.7 billion
  ¥220.0 billion*2
 Adjusted consolidated ROE*1
 6.9% 7.6% 6.4%
 8.3%*2
  Toward global top 10 (¥300.0 billion level)
 Over 10.0%
    In Conclusion
Based on communication and partnerships with all stakeholders as well as an unshakable commitment to the vision of a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers,” the Group is going to unite and move forward to achieve transformation.
As we take on this challenge, we would like to ask all of our stakeholders for their continued support.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 9
Group Management Strategy

Interviews with Outside Directors
   Enrich the Organization by Including Personnel with Diverse Expertise and Backgrounds
Sawako Nohara
President of IPSe Marketing, Inc. Project Professor of the Graduate School of Media and Governance, Keio University
Traditionally, the Sompo Holdings Group centered on the domestic P&C insurance business. Currently, however, as well as developing the domestic P&C insurance business, the Group is transforming into a global entity that offers a varied menu of services. In other words, the Group is implementing strategies to realize a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.” These efforts accord with the Group Vision, which states that “Our goal is to always be the best customer service provider both at home
and abroad.”
In transforming, the Group must make effective use of the
growth platform of the overseas insurance business so that it contributes to the Group as a whole. I believe that another important task is to use the overseas insurance business and digital strategies as foundations to foster an innovative corporate culture that includes personnel with diverse expertise and backgrounds, pursues outside collaborations and M&As proactively, and responds to change flexibly.
As for corporate governance, the progressiveness of the Group’s measures merits praise. For example, at meetings of the
Board of Directors internal and external executives have lively exchanges of opinions. Based on these discussions, the Group makes prompt decisions and implements reforms. Also, four of the five members of the Nomination and Compensation Committee are outside directors. With respect to directors and executive officers, the committee determines the appointment policy and the individuals put forward as candidates as well as deliberating and submitting recommendations to the Board of Directors in relation to evaluation methods, the compensation structure, and compensation itself. The committee has changed the Group’s compensation structure for directors and executive officers from a structure based on position to one based on the progress of each individual in performing their duties. By periodically deliberating the progress of the Group’s CEO in performing his duties, the committee evaluates his individual performance.
As an outside director, while focusing on the aforementioned points, I want to continue supporting and supervising the progress of transformation.
the way to the future by focusing on the logic of customers, markets, and competitiveness rather than inward-looking logic.
In creating its future, the Company faces a myriad of management tasks, such as taking on new business domains and building an entirely novel platform, not to mention further evolving GembaPower* to accomplish the first two tasks. As it proceeds, the management team must not lose sight of the big picture or attempt to please everybody.
I look forward to each employee actively participating in the
transformation as the Company unites to create a “theme park.”
* Gemba-Power is the autonomous problem-finding and problem-solving capability of gemba, which can be loosely translated from Japanese as staff on the front lines.
   Realize Unprecedented Transformation by Further Evolving Gemba-Power
Isao Endo
Chairman of Roland Berger Ltd.
10
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Sompo Holdings is right in the middle of unprecedented efforts to realize a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.” The Company is daring to depart from past successes and received ideas to adopt fresh perspectives and ideas in the pursuit of transformation.
At a pace rarely seen in a company of its magnitude, the Company is tackling numerous reforms and challenges. This rapidity and a “body clock” that is synchronized to an era of volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA) are surely testaments to the new competitive strength that Sompo Holdings is acquiring.
Nonetheless, the transformation has just begun. In establishing a new business model, the Company will no doubt face many difficulties and trials.
However, precisely such difficulties and trials will strengthen employees, thereby fostering future leaders of Sompo Holdings. The greatest product of transformation will be personnel who open

    Exchange Information with Customers Directly
Tamami Murata
Attorney at Law
In the mature business fields of domestic P&C insurance and domestic life insurance, the Sompo Holdings Group is adding new value by offering insurance products with attached services that help customers drive safely or become healthier. Also, the Group is transforming other businesses at quite a high tempo and creating new social value. For example, in the nursing care & healthcare business the Group is developing industry–academia–government partnerships to advance initiatives focused on preventing dementia and living with the condition. Meanwhile, the overseas insurance business is constructing a new platform. As we approach the halfway point of the Mid-Term Management Plan, I hope to see the benefits of synergies among businesses and the marketing of new products and services.
Given its current situation, Sompo Holdings should keep in mind two themes.
First, without losing momentum, the Company should modulate governance of Group companies. It should promptly and appropriately decide which companies need priority support and monitoring and how far to delegate matters to operating companies.
Second, the Company needs to focus on whether information about its new value creation and services is reaching customers. In my view, information has reached customers when it has received a reply of “yes” or “no” from them. When a customer replies in the affirmative, this shows that a product or service will create new value. Going forward, I would like the Company to make even greater use of applications and e-mails and achieve direct exchanges of information with customers so that the SOMPO brand is their first choice in all matters pertaining to security, health, and wellbeing.
   Heighten All Employees’ Involvement in Strategies
Scott Trevor Davis
Professor of the Department of Global Business, College of Business, Rikkyo University
Sompo Holdings has made considerable progress in the achievement of its goals over the past year. Many corporations in Japan’s insurance industry have been actively engaged in the implementation of plans to adapt their businesses to market changes. By contrast, Sompo Holdings has invested the past 12 months implementing a range of policies designed to transform its organization, business operations, and the geographical distribution of its assets in order to put itself ahead of these changes. The results of this transformation strategy are evident in several areas.
Organizationally, Sompo Holding’s strong executive team has effectively utilized the newly introduced matrix of CxO and Business Owner roles to implement a decision-making process that combines rigorous debate with a strong sense of strategic direction and action. This process of mission-driven management has been further reinforced by the introduction of a value-driven system of executive remuneration that enhances the corporation’s ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented personnel in critical areas.
The application of digital technology combined with collaboration among business units in different regions and industries has been further accelerated during the past year and has yielded a number of highly promising initiatives with the potential to enhance Sompo Holding’s capacity to promote innovation within both
existing and new businesses. This ability to promote innovative new business models while concurrently enhancing its existing business activities has become a defining characteristic of Sompo Holdings and an indication of the quality of its management.
Sompo Holding’s achievements at the global level have been remarkable. In marked contrast to the prevailing practices of most Japanese firms, Sompo Holdings has used its recent successful completion of a major international acquisition as an opportunity to consolidate its entire existing portfolio of global operations and coordinate its overseas business interests under the leadership of a new global management platform that augments Sompo’s existing core of highly experienced international executives with a new group of executive personnel whose entrepreneurial spirit and expertise open up a wide range of new strategic possibilities for further growth.
During the past year, Sompo Holdings has effectively implemented a range of innovations to achieve its goal of strategic transformation. Progress over the next few years will hinge upon the Company’s ability to maintain this momentum by creating synergies between its domestic and global businesses, promote strategic engagement among all its personnel, and further develop its narrative of wellbeing into innovative and attractive services for the Japanese market.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 11
Group Management Strategy

Corporate Governance
The Group considers continuously improving the transparency and fairness of its corporate governance and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility as essential to maintaining strong relations of trust with stakeholders.
The Group formulated its Corporate Governance Policy to clarify basic policies regarding the formation of the overall vision for the governance structure and the governance framework. We continue to improve our corporate governance and aim to establish optimal systems.
As a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board, to improve corporate value, we maintain and promote effective oversight and auditing functions using a system of corporate governance comprising the Board of Directors, which makes important management decisions and oversees business execution, and Audit & Supervisory Board members and an Audit & Supervisory Board that are independent of the Board of Directors. In addition, for our business execution structure, under the overall supervision of the Group CEO, we have elected to adopt a Business Owner system, a Group Chief Officer (CxO) system, and an executive officer system to ensure swift and agile decision making as well as to clarify authority and responsibility.
In addition, to ensure transparency in the appointment and treatment of directors, the Nomination and Compensation Committee, which is chaired and membered by a majority of outside directors, has been set up as an advisory body to the Board of Directors.
Corporate Governance Structure
Audit
Recommendation
   Audit & Supervisory Board (Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Nomination and Compensation Committee
  Shareholders’ Meeting
 Board of Directors (Directors)
 Group CEO Representative Director, President & Executive Officer
  Business Execution Structure
 Delegation of
authority
  Business Owners
     Group CFO Group CRO Group CIO Group CDO Group CHRO Group CSO Group CBO
       Main Corporate Governance Reforms
2010 2013 2016
Started being a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board in April 2010
2017
(CY)
            2017 Introduced a Group Chief Officer system
  12
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
2010
Established a Nomination and Compensation Committee
  2010
Appointed outside directors
 2010 Introduced an executive officer system
2013
Started appointing female outside directors
 2016 Introduced a Business Owner system
Overseas Insurance Business Owner
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business Owner
Domestic Life Insurance Business Owner
Domestic P&C Insurance Business Owner
Group Chief Officers

 Features of Our Corporate Governance
We have a hybrid governance model, which heightens the effectiveness 1 Robust Corporate Governance of governance, incorporating many of the advantages of adopting
“a company with committees” organizational structure.
  • Multiple outside directors contributing to a diverse Board of Directors
One-third of directors, or four out of 12 directors, are outside directors. The outside directors have diverse backgrounds: two are managers, one is a legal expert, and one is a professor (two are women and one is non-Japanese).
• Oversight and auditing functions through Audit & Supervisory Board members and an Audit & Supervisory Board
A majority of Audit & Supervisory Board members, specifically, three out of five members, are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. They provide oversight and auditing from a position independent of management, participate in various internal committees, and are involved in decisions on the validity of business execution.
are reported to the Board of Directors in order to ensure the objectivity, timeliness, and transparency of the process regarding the reappointment of the Group CEO.
Note: Please refer to page 87 for details regarding the executive compensation scheme.
• System to support proactive engagement of outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Board of Directors meetings and preliminary briefing sessions are conducted in an integrated manner to facilitate extensive and constructive discussions as well as effective proceedings at meetings of the Board of Directors. In addition, meetings between outside directors and the Group CEO are held to allow for free exchanges of opinions among outside directors and between these directors and the highest authority for executive management.
Directors
  Directors
 8/12 4/12 Outside directors
 Audit & Supervisory Board members
 3/5
     Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
 • Establishment of a Nomination and Compensation Committee The Nomination and Compensation Committee has been established as an advisory body to the Board of Directors intended to improve transparency and fairness regarding director and executive officer nomination and compensation.
The Nomination and Compensation Committee comprises five members (four outside directors and one internal director [the Group CEO]) and is chaired by an outside director. This committee is responsible for evaluating directors and executive officers and discussing compensation schemes for directors and executive officers as well as individual compensation amounts and reporting to the Board of Directors on these matters. The results of evaluations by the committee are reflected in yearly decisions regarding the reappointment of each officer. When evaluating the Group CEO, discussions are held among only the outside directors on the committee, and the results of these evaluations
• Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
In order to enable the Board of Directors to fully exercise its supervisory function as well as its function for encouraging appropriate risk-taking by executive management, the Company convenes integrated Board of Directors and preliminary briefing session meetings to promote open and unrestricted discussions. In addition, the Company employs means such as discussions on the roles of the holding company in Group management, exchanges of opinions between only the Group CEO and outside directors, self-assessments and overall reviews by Group Chief Officers, exchanges of opinions between representative directors and
Audit & Supervisory Board members, and director surveys to provide opportunities to assess and identify issues regarding the effectiveness of the Board of Directors from a wide range of perspectives. By implementing the necessary improvements based on these efforts, the Company builds a governance structure to improve transparent and objective decision-making processes and supervisory functions.
In fiscal 2017, the Board of Directors made timely and appropriate decisions on Group frameworks and growth strategies such as building a robust growth foundation for the overseas insurance business and
 Outside Audit & Outside directors Supervisory Board members
Integration of Board of Directors meetings and preliminary briefing sessions Meetings between outside directors and Group CEO
Auditor support
   Chairperson
Nomination and Compensation Committee
 4/5 Outside director Outside directors
     Integrated Annual Report 2018 13
Group Management Strategy

Corporate Governance
utilizing digital technologies to realize innovation. In this process, discussions were held at various junctures on the roles that the Company should play to facilitate the Group’s sustained growth and further increase corporate value—such as deciding on the Company’s involvement in the management of operating companies based on the stages and environments of each operating company and allocating the necessary resources and supporting transformation of business models. The results of such discussions are being reflected in efforts to narrow down the items to be discussed by the Board of Directors, review roles
and functions within the Group, and formulate business plans, among other activities.
The Company considers this dynamic plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle to be functioning effectively, and going forward, the Company believes that continuing discussions from a broad range of perspectives and points of view and utilizing the results as feedback for the Group as a whole will allow for more advanced governance and enable us to respond to the expectations of all of our stakeholders.
  2 Flexible and Responsive Execution of Operations
• Matrix-style management system formed by Business Owner and Group CxO Systems
In the current era of volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA), a flexible and responsive management system is of utmost importance.
To achieve such a management system, the Sompo Holdings Group is developing a matrix-style management system comprising vertical and horizontal axes under the overall supervision of the Group CEO. On the vertical axis, Business Owners, who are heads of business
Business Owner System
Business Owners are responsible for advancing plans for the entirety of their respective business segments while also helping build a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers” in order to contribute to the realization of the Group Management Philosophy and implement the Group’s management plans. Accordingly, Business Owners are endowed with significant authority, related to areas such as business strategy formulation, investment decision making, and human
segments, are delegated substantial authority to allow them to perform swift decision making and business execution. On the horizontal axis, Group Chief Officers, who are the highest authority in their respective functional areas, oversee their area of responsibility on a Group-wide basis to ensure decision making that is best for the Group and exercise functions laterally across the Group.
resource assignment, as required to accomplish those objectives. Since the introduction of the Business Owner system in April 2016,
Business Owners have been leading their business segments in implementing dynamic growth strategies and in taking flexible and responsive action to address issues through swift decision making and business execution.
Note: Please refer to page 44 and beyond for details regarding businesses and initiatives.
To facilitate responses to rapid changes in the environment, we are implementing a Business Owner system and a Group Chief Officer (CxO) system under the overall supervision of the Group CEO.
  Principal Group Companies
        Keiji Nishizawa
Domestic P&C Insurance Business Owner
Director
Chief executive of the domestic P&C insurance business
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa
SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE Sonpo 24
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities Sompo Risk Management & Health Care
       Yasuhiro Oba
Domestic Life Insurance Business Owner Director
Chief executive of the domestic life insurance business
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life
       Mikio Okumura
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business Owner
Director,
Managing Executive Officer
Chief executive of the nursing care & healthcare business
Sompo Care
      Junichi Tanaka
Overseas Insurance Business Owner Director,
Managing Executive Officer
Chief executive of the overseas insurance business
Overseas subsidiaries
          14
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

 Group CxO System
Under the Group CxO system, Group Chief Officers act as the highest authority for the Group in their respective functional areas. In this capacity, they exercise their functions in acting in the Group’s best interests laterally across the Group based on the Group’s strategies and on their roles, functions, and responsibilities.
The Group CxO system was introduced in April 2017 to serve as a framework designed to promote strong, mission-driven leadership. The roles and functions as well as the skills and experience required of each Group Chief Officer are defined in the Group’s function portfolio.
The roles and functions of the currently appointed Group Chief
Officers are described in the table below. In April 2018, we newly appointed a Group CSO and a Group CBO while also integrating oversight functions through means such as consolidating the position of the Group CACO,* who was responsible for internal control and internal audits at the Group, into the position of Group CRO, who oversees the Group’s risk management.
The roles and functions of Group Chief Officers as well as the number of officers and the fields for which officer positions exist are not set but will rather be flexibly revised as the operating environment of the Group or the management issues it faces change.
  Area of Responsibility
  Roles and Functions
     Shinji Tsuji
Group CFO Representative Director, Deputy President and Senior Managing Executive Officer
 Chief executive of the Group’s finances
 • Supporting the strategic decision making of the Group CEO and overseeing finance and accounting functions
• Facilitating the accomplishment of financial targets and contributing to the maximization of corporate value by heightening capital efficiency from the perspective of overall optimization
   Masato Fujikura
Group CRO Director, Managing Executive Officer
  Chief executive of the Group’s risk management
  • Entrenching Enterprise Risk Management to contribute to higher corporate value
• Formulating basic Group policies for internal control and internal audits, establishing
and maintaining management and reporting systems, performing monitoring, and providing support to develop effective and efficient internal control systems and thereby ensure appropriate operations
     Masahiro Hamada
Group CSO Director, Managing Executive Officer
   Chief executive of the Group’s strategies
   • Overseeing the formulation and execution of strategies for the areas of corporate planning and legal affairs and supporting the strategic decision making of the Group CEO with regard to said areas
• Formulating and implementing Group-wide strategies and contributing to the accomplishment of management targets by ensuring consistency in the establishment and implementation of strategies in each field and business
   Masahiro Hamada
Group CIO Director, Managing Executive Officer
 Chief executive of the Group’s IT
 • Establishing and promoting Group-wide IT strategies
• Facilitating management reforms by controlling system costs and system risks and
developing systems tailored to the management objectives of each business • Promoting digitalization to improve the competitiveness of each business
  Koichi Narasaki
Group CDO Managing Executive Officer
  Chief executive of the Group’s digital strategies
  • Overseeing Group-wide digital strategies
• Contributing to earnings through digital strategies and advancing the Group’s digital transformation
  Satoshi Kasai
Group CHRO Managing Executive Officer
  Chief executive of the Group’s human resources
  • Maximizing the Group’s human capital by establishing and implementing Group human resource visions and strategies, managing Group-wide human resource functions, and overseeing the employee development initiatives of human resource divisions in order to support the realization of Group-wide visions and strategies
• Realizing effective governance of human resources and compensation through involvement in the appointment of Group officers and in officer compensation
    Kiyoshi Aoki
Group CBO Executive Officer
   Chief executive of the Group’s brand
   • Developing a definition of the SOMPO brand that is consistent across domestic and overseas Group companies to serve as a set of principles for realizing the Group’s management vision and communicating this definition to customers and society
• Entrenching brand strategies throughout the Group to contribute to corporate culture reforms and quality improvements
   * CACO is an initialism for chief audit and compliance officer
Integrated Annual Report 2018 15
Group Management Strategy

Corporate Governance
 16
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Directors and
Audit & Supervisory
Board Members
(As of July 2018)
A Group CEO
Representative Director, President and Executive Officer
Kengo Sakurada
B Group CFO
Representative Director,
Deputy President and
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Shinji Tsuji
C Group CRO Director,
Managing Executive Officer
Masato Fujikura
D Nursing Care & Healthcare Business Owner
Director,
Managing Executive Officer
Mikio Okumura
E Overseas Insurance Business Owner
Director,
Managing Executive Officer
Junichi Tanaka
Note: Please refer to page 78 for details on management members.

                                   F Group CSO and Group CIO Director,
Managing Executive Officer
Masahiro Hamada
G Domestic P&C Insurance Business Owner
Director
I Outside Director Sawako Nohara
J Outside Director Isao Endo
L Outside Director
Scott Trevor Davis
M Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full-Time)
O Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Naoki Yanagida
P Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
MasaEki Hanawa
KeijiNishizawa PGOCB JLH
H Domestic Life Insurance Business Owner
Director
Yasuhiro Oba
K Outside Director Tamami Murata
N Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full-Time)
Hidenori Hanada
Q Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Atsuko Muraki
MKIDFN Q
Hideyo Uchiyama
      L
O CB JDPH
MGEK AIFQN
    Integrated Annual Report 2018 17
Group Management Strategy
 
A Message from the Group CFO
 18
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Based on our Strategic Risk Management (ERM)* framework, we aim to provide attractive shareholder returns and maximize corporate value based on a balance between profit and capital. * ERM:Enterprise Risk Management
Shinji Tsuji
Group CFO Representative Director, Deputy President and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Basic Capital Policy
The basic capital policy of the Sompo Holdings Group entails appropriately controlling the balance between profit, capital, and risk and maintaining robust financial soundness based on the Strategic Risk Management (ERM) framework. We thereby aim to achieve growth that will put our profit levels within the global top 10 insurers, which is our vision for the growth of the Group; steadily improve capital efficiency to realize adjusted consolidated ROE of 10.0% or more; and provide attractive shareholder returns (shareholder dividends and share buybacks) commensurate with our profit and capital levels.
Based on our basic capital policy, we apply management procedures for financial soundness based on the European Union’s Solvency II and other international capital regulations and utilize return on risk (ROR) as an indicator for making management decisions in a wide range of fields, including performance evaluation and investment. We also strive to enhance capital quality on a continuous basis and to promote capital policy that facilitates the acquisition of returns in order to maximize corporate value.
Capital Policy Based on the ERM Framework
  Capital
     Maintain financial soundness
Improve capital efficiency Increase shareholder value
    Risk
Return
  Improve return on risk
  
  Improvement of Capital Efficiency
By implementing an operating cycle for improving capital efficiency (ROE) sustainably that was established on the basis of its Strategic Risk Management framework, the Group appropriately controls its balance sheet through such measures as continuing to reduce its cross-shareholdings, increasing shareholder returns, and managing financial leverage while enhancing its systems for generating stable cash flows in each of its businesses. On this basis, we will allocate management resources toward growth fields (through M&As, for example) and conduct forward-looking strategic investments in various fields with the potential to bring about new businesses and to revolutionize industry structures, such as digital technologies and advanced sciences and technologies. In addition, we will work to achieve drastic improvements in business efficiency and profit levels by transforming our business portfolio and business models. As a result, we intend to achieve sustainable growth in adjusted consolidated profit and adjusted consolidated ROE and reach our medium-tolong-term targets.
Policy on Cross-Shareholdings
The Company’s subsidiary Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. engages in cross-shareholdings for the purposes of receiving investment returns in the form of dividend income and share price appreciation, enhancing relations with the insurance
sales channels and business partners, and maintaining and strengthening insurance transactions with corporate clients.
The Board of Directors annually examines the rationale for continuing to maintain cross-shareholding accounts. These examinations consider the future use of the shares based on the cross-shareholding objectives, such as supporting insurance transactions and strengthening alliances, review the long-term outlooks for unrealized gains from value appreciation and the share value, and set quantitative risk and return assessment benchmarks for the associated insurance transactions and share values.
As part of the Group’s capital policy, the Company implements a management policy of allocating a portion of
the gains generated from the continuous selling of crossshareholdings to growth business investments, such as overseas M&A activities, to support the maintenance of financial soundness and improve capital efficiency. These activities are conducted in accordance with the mid-term and annual retention and disposal plans for cross-shareholdings established
by the Board of Directors.
Under the current Mid-Term Management Plan, we plan to reduce cross-shareholdings by around ¥100.0 billion per year. The amount of reduction in fiscal 2017 was ¥109.6 billion.
We will continue to reduce the overall balance of crossshareholdings going forward based on quantitative evaluations and extensive discussions with counterparties.
Balance of Cross-Shareholdings Based on Book Value
ROE Improvement Cycle
Adjusted Consolidated Profit
Adjusted Consolidated Net Assets
 Adjusted Consolidated ROE
  Cycle for Raising Adjusted Consolidated ROE to 10.0% or More
 Maintain and enhance
the generation of stable
cash flows from each business unit
  Drastically increase earnings level while improving business efficiency
• Reform of business portfolio and business models
 Appropriately control balance sheet
• Capital release by reducing cross-shareholdings
• Capital control through shareholder returns, etc.
• Appropriate control of financial leverage
(Billions of yen) 1,241.2
– 61%
846.0
   Reduction of approx. 25%
    Utilize capital effectively
• Allocation of management resources toward growth fields (through M&As, etc.)
• Strategic up-front investments in digital technologies and other advanced technologies
 FY2000 FY2010
478.0
FY2017 FY2020 (Plan)
Integrated Annual Report 2018 19
Group Management Strategy

A Message from the Group CFO
 Shareholder Returns
Sompo Holdings’ basic policy is to issue stable dividends based on evaluations of the Company’s financial position and the outlook for the operating environment and with a view to increasing dividends in line with profit growth. We also consider flexible share buybacks as a potential option when deemed appropriate based on the Company’s stock price and capital condition. Through this approach, we seek to provide attractive shareholder returns.
Based on growth in adjusted consolidated profit, we plan to proactively increase the total of shareholder returns (total dividend payments + total share buybacks). In the Mid-Term Management Plan, we set the medium-term target for the total payout ratio* at around 50% of adjusted consolidated profit.
As shareholder returns based on our performance in fiscal 2017, we have chosen to pay an annual dividend of ¥110 per share, consisting of an interim dividend and a year-end dividend of ¥55 each, which will represent a year-on-year increase of ¥20 per share. In addition, we conducted share buybacks totaling ¥39.0 billion for the purpose of shareholder returns. The total payout ratio was 50% of fiscal 2017’s adjusted consolidated profit.
As for fiscal 2018, we intend to raise dividend payments for the fifth consecutive year with a ¥20 increase over the level from fiscal 2017, making for an annual dividend of ¥130 per share, comprising an interim dividend and a year-end dividend of ¥65 each.
Trend in Total of Shareholder Returns
Going forward, we will continue to use internal reserves
and capital gains generated from sales of cross-shareholdings
to conduct promising growth investments in pursuit of rapid
business growth. By allocating the additional profit generated
through such growth to the enhancement of shareholder
returns, we will maximize shareholder value.
* The total payout ratio is an indicator of the weight of shareholder returns on the profit of each period and is calculated using the following formula.
Total payout ratio = (total dividend payments + total share buybacks (for shareholder returns) / adjusted consolidated profit
Please see page 35 for the method of calculating adjusted consolidated profit.
Maintenance of Financial Soundness
To maintain financial soundness, we manage capital based on the economic solvency ratio (ESR), determined by comparing economic value based on capital and risk.
Capital management is carried out by establishing a target capital level (ESR: around 180% to 250%) and a risk tolerance level as indicators of the amount of capital necessary for advancing Group strategies. When calculating ESR, we employ capital management methods based on the European Union’s Solvency II and other international capital regulations in order to increase global comparability, taking into account the recent disclosure status of insurance companies in Japan and overseas. Financial soundness is maintained and managed in this manner.
ESR (Economic Solvency Ratio)
Target Capital Level of around 180% to 250%
(Billions of yen) 120
100 80 60 40 20 0
Adjusted consolidated profit (Billions of yen)
(Reference) Share price,
end of fiscal year
130.0
110.0 120
90.0 100
(Yen)
   80.0 65.8
33.5 32.3
2015
132.0 50%
¥3,188
81.3
39.1
35.4 42.2
2016 2017 2018 (Forecast)
183.2 162.7 220.0 50% 50%
¥4,079 ¥4,282
80 60 40 20
..... 0 2020 and after (FY)
Approx. 300.0
180%: 250%:
Level leading to stable financial soundness based on results of stress tests
Level set based on capital efficiency
229%
March 31, 2018
91.6
56.2
   ¥ 3.2 trillion
Adjusted Capital
 ¥1.4 trillion
Risk
      20
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Dividends (left scale)  Total share buybacks (for shareholder returns) (left scale) Annual dividends per share (right scale)
Note: Adjusted profit of the domestic life insurance business was excluded under the previous Mid-Term Management Plan (which ended in fiscal 2015).

   With an ESR of 229% as of March 31, 2018, the level is within our target capital range, indicating that we are maintaining robust financial soundness.
Improvement of Return on Risk
We use the return on risk indicator of ROR for making various management decisions in order to operate our businesses in a manner that ensures returns match or exceed the level of risks. By improving capital efficiency and maintaining financial soundness through increases in ROR, we seek to sustainably enhance corporate value.
When formulating business plans, the Group confirms the validity of plans in terms of the future outlook of the Group’s overall capital efficiency, financial soundness, and earnings stability as well as quantitative analyses of ROR of each business unit and line of business.
Not just limited to these areas, ROR functions as a yardstick for management in a wide area of individual policies. This indicator is thus utilized when selecting stocks as part of reducing cross-shareholdings, formulating natural catastrophe risk reinsurance strategies, making investment decisions regarding M&A activities, setting insurance product underwriting strategies and premiums, and evaluating officer and employee performance.
Utilization of ROR (Breakdown of ROE)
≒ ×1/
   ROE (Capital Efficiency)
ROR (Return on Risk)
ESR (Financial Soundness)
   Return Capital
Return Risk
Capital Risk
  ROE can be broken down into ROR and the inverse of ESR. This fact illustrates that maintaining financial soundness while improving ROR will result in increased capital efficiency.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 21
Group Management Strategy

A Message from the Group CSO
 22
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
We are making steady progress on the Mid-Term Management Plan toward realizing a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.”
Masahiro Hamada
Group CSO Director, Managing Executive Officer
Mid-Term Management Plan
The central focus of our current Mid-Term Management Plan, which commenced in fiscal 2016, is to transform into a group capable of sustaining growth into the future with an eye on the domestic market after the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games amid rapid changes in the external environment. Our vision is to evolve into a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.” More specifically, we aim to thoroughly enhance the appeal of each business while leveraging digital technologies, seeking out new business opportunities, and effecting changes through collaboration between Group businesses and by building ecosystems with external partners. Our ultimate aim is to create new business models that are a clean break from the past.
  Current Mid-Term Management plan
FY2019 to FY2020
• Advance each business
• Realize vision
¥220.0 billion 8.3%
After FY2021
Become a global top 10 insurance group
¥300.0 billion level Over 10.0%
Next Mid-Term Management plan
        FY2016 to FY2017
FY2018 (Forecast)
           • Establish business foundations
• Clarify vision
Adjusted consolidated profit
Adjusted consolidated ROE
                           Review of Fiscal 2016–Fiscal 2017
One of the Sompo Holdings Group’s strengths is the speed at which it takes on new challenges. In order to accelerate momentum in management, since the outset of the Mid-Term Management Plan, Sompo has pursued optimal Group governance by unleashing the centrifugal forces of each business through its Business Owner system and by leveraging functionality Group-wide through its Group Chief Officer system. Under these systems, during the first two fiscal years of the Mid-Term Management Plan, we put into place solid foundations for each business and defined the kind of transformation that each business should aspire to achieve.
In the domestic P&C insurance business, after the completion of one of the largest-ever mergers in Japan, the Sompo Holdings Group concentrated efforts on reinforcing profitability and limiting volatility in profits in order to generate a steady stream of cash in this core Group business. At the same time, we made every effort to create new value and
  
  build business models by utilizing digital technologies and partnering with innovative players.
In the domestic life insurance business, brisk business expansion centered on protection-type products led to growth in scale to a level that will consistently contribute to Group profits. As a health support enterprise, Sompo has launched a healthcare service brand with the aim of providing insurance with healthcare services (Insurhealth) not offered by other companies.
Sompo ventured into the nursing care & healthcare business with the acquisition of major nursing care providers in the second half of fiscal 2015. While confronting and overcoming a variety of challenges, we have focused on improving profitability along with quality. In addition to the nursing care business, we intend to help solve social issues through research and the provision of services centered on preventing deterioration in cognitive functions.
In the overseas insurance business, our acquisition of Sompo International (formerly Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.) in March 2017 led to a significant expansion in business scale while prompting a reorganization of our operations in developed countries. Sompo intends to build out a global platform that also includes emerging countries with the aim of facilitating profit growth across the Group.
We have begun to see the contours of our transformation take hold with the establishment of solid foundations in each business.
Position of Fiscal 2018
As the third fiscal year of the Mid-Term Management Plan and
Progress of Business Portfolio Transformation
its halfway point, fiscal 2018 is extremely important for Sompo. Not only must earnings begin to reflect the results of our accomplishments, the transformation of each business that began to show during the plan’s first two fiscal years must become more visible. In other words, we have to demonstrate solid progress that will move us forward into the second half (the realization phase) of the Mid-Term Management Plan.
Group Vision
As a holding company, Sompo Holdings will support the transformation of each business while guiding on digital and human resource strategies for the entire Group in the pursuit of realizing a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.” Moreover, Sompo is working to reform its business portfolio as a part of the transformation of the entire Group. Cash flows generated from steady growth in each business and excess capital freed up from the winding down of cross-shareholdings will be allocated to M&As in growth fields and investments in fields likely to show innovation, such as digital and cutting-edge technologies. As a result, Sompo aims to expand profits and improve capital efficiency further.
Through growth in both innovativeness (quality) and scale (quantity), Sompo intends to achieve as quickly as possible its numerical management targets for adjusted consolidated profit of over ¥300.0 billion and adjusted consolidated ROE of over 10.0%. Management will continue to execute Group strategies with the aim of becoming a unique and innovative group, unlike any other in the world, in promoting the security, health, and wellbeing of its customers.
 ■
Domestic P&C insurance
3%
■
27%
Domestic Life insurance
FY2017
■
Nursing care & healthcare ■ Overseas insurance Our Vision
   FY2010*1
7%
Adjusted consolidated profit ¥29.6 bn.*2
66%
Adjusted consolidated profit
¥162.7 bn. 52% Adjusted
consolidated ROE
6.4%
Approx. 40%
Approx..4%
Adjusted consolidated profit ¥300.0 bn. level
  Approx. consolidated ROE 40%
Over 10.0%
Approx.15%
 Adjusted
   27%
18%
*1 The fiscal year that Sompo Holdings was established.
*2 Estimate based on the current definition of adjusted consolidated profit
Integrated Annual Report 2018 23
Group Management Strategy

  Creating Social Value by Building a “Theme Park for the Security, Health, and Wellbeing of Customers”
        24
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
The Group Management Philosophy calls on us to “contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of our customers and society as a whole by providing insurance and related services of the highest quality possible.” In accordance with this philosophy, the Sompo Holdings Group is developing its mainstay insurance businesses while expanding a diverse range of other businesses.
We aim to realize a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers” that enables them to lead fun, happy, and healthy lives. This approach will contribute to the achievement of several of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that the United Nations Sustainable Development Summit adopted in 2015. Specifically, we are particularly well qualified to contribute to goal 3: Ensure healthy lives and promote wellbeing for all at all ages; goal 11: Make cities inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable; and goal 17: Revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development. We benefit society not only by providing insurance services to individuals and companies when accidents occur or issues arise but also by suggesting preventive measures to reduce their frequency and by creating innovative “security and wellbeing” products and services that enrich daily life and transcend the boundaries of insurance.
1
Realize “Japan, an affluent country that can boast to the world of a long and quality life”
2 Security and Wellbeing 3 Support for Healthy Stemming from Disaster Lifestyles and Lives Preparedness
 Special Feature
  
  Realize “Japan, an affluent country that can boast to the world of a long and quality life”
1
Social Issues
The aging of society is one of the major issues that Japan faces today. In 2007, Japan became a “super-aging society” when, for the first time, those aged 65 or above accounted for more than 21% of the total population. By March 2018, more than half of senior citizens were aged 75 or above. As society ages, issues emerge. These include rising medical
Launch of the SOMPO Dementia Support Program
It is estimated that there were approximately 8.6 million senior citizens with mild cognitive impairment or dementia in Japan in 2012. By 2025, this figure is projected to reach 13.0 million. Viewing dementia as an important social issue that the whole Group should address and aiming to build a society that strives to prevent dementia and enables people to continue living long and happy lives with dignity as individuals, even after being diagnosed with dementia, we launched the SOMPO Dementia Support Program. We will advance the program by using feedback from nursing care personnel as well as advice from the National Center for Geriatrics and Gerontology, with which we concluded a comprehensive alliance agreement in September 2017, and from Alzheimer’s Association Japan, Japan’s largest group for those with dementia and their families.
As the first phase of the program, in October 2018 we will begin providing an online dementia
support service, SOMPO Egao Club,
which will help prevent cognitive
and nursing care costs and other social welfare costs, increasing numbers of senior citizens with mild cognitive impairment or dementia, and shortages of nursing care personnel. To tackle such issues, the Sompo Holdings Group is leveraging the wide range of resources and digital technologies that it has developed.
diagnosis of mild cognitive impairment or dementia is received, Linkx Egao Wo Mamoru Dementia Insurance.
With a view to developing and providing other solutions that cater to customers’ dementia-related needs, the Sompo Holdings Group will leverage the unique collective strengths that result from operating one of the largest insurance businesses in Japan as well as one of the country’s largest nursing care businesses. These initiatives will include joint research with the National Center for Geriatrics and Gerontology to clarify the relationship between the cognitive function of elderly drivers and automobile accidents and the distinctive causes of automobile accidents involving such drivers.
Also, we will collaborate with other companies and organizations to develop products and services as well as conduct activities to support those affected by dementia and to help raise awareness of the condition.
          decline. SOMPO Egao Club will be a common incidental service for two products that we will launch in October 2018. Specifically, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. will market an insurance product Oyako No Chikara that helps people avoid having to quit work to care for family members, while Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc., will market an insurance product that provides a one-time payment if a
A screenshot of the SOMPO Egao Club website service menu page
Integrated Annual Report 2018 25
Special Feature

Human Resource Development—Establishment of SOMPO Care University and SOMPO Care FOOD LAB
   In the nursing care industry, the development and retention of personnel have become issues. Aiming to address these issues and give all employees opportunities to gain a sense of growth as nursing care specialists, the Sompo Care Group opened SOMPO Care University in July 2017. In establishing the university, the Sompo Care Group has expanded the Sompo Care Next Step Center, which Sompo Care Next opened in April 2016, and positioned it as the training center for the entire Sompo Care Group. The revamped facility offers improved programs based on a high-quality training system. At the same time, through collaboration with a variety of research bodies, we are operating the facility as an open,
in-house university. At the university, we aim to a create a general R&D center for nursing care that has the capabilities to research frontline issues and countermeasures and where not only personnel of the Sompo Care Group but also those in a variety of professions that support the nursing care business can study.
Further, in March 2018 the Sompo Care Group unveiled the SOMPO Care FOOD LAB as a general organization tasked with conducting personnel training as well as the planning and development of food products with respect to diet and nutrition. Through this new organization, the Sompo Care Group aims to realize its basic management policy of creating tasty
 VOICE
Eriko Umekawa
Sompo Care La vie Re Ayase Sompo Care Inc.
In December 2017, I joined the company without any experience of nursing care. Subsequently, I undertook training for new employees at SOMPO Care University. I attended training seminars in my first, third, and sixth month after entering the company. The training did not just cover the basics of nursing care; it involved learning about a wide range of fields, including dementia and pharmaceuticals. Before joining the company, I had learned about nursing care basics through training for newly appointed nursing care instructors. At SOMPO Care University, however, I acquired more practical skills that are useful when providing on-site nursing care because we trained using the recreated living room of a nursing care facility. My goal is to pass on to junior coworkers the skills and knowledge I have garnered through this training.
food and helping people gain vitality. The goal of the SOMPO Care FOOD LAB is to become a general R&D center for food. As such, it will propose new or improved menus based on the opinions and requests of those who receive nursing care as well as develop menus for different levels of chewing and swallowing capability. In addition, the lab will provide food and hygiene technical training that covers knowledge and preparation methods and which is tailored to specific professions, such as dietitians.
  Utilization of ICT and Digital Technologies
Taking On the Challenge of Using AI at Nursing Care Facilities
As part of measures to enhance the quality of nursing care, the Sompo Care Group has begun examining the feasibility of utilizing AI. Specifically, we are considering the use of AI to assist nursing care managers in the preparation of nursing care plans for clients as well as to analyze whether nursing care personnel are employing proper techniques and to show personnel the correct techniques.
Increasing Productivity through the Use of Robotic Process Automation
Nursing care providers carry out a lot of routine operations. Among these operations, some procedures only arise at certain periods, and employees have dealt with this by working overtime. Given that our introduction of robotic process automation for certain procedures has reduced work volumes, we plan to increase operational productivity further by using
robotic process automation for a wider range of tasks.
Linking Expertise at Nursing Care Facilities with the Latest Technology Development
We host a business contest for start-ups in Japan and the United States. Our aim is to discover or conduct joint proving tests with start-ups globally—but with a focus on the United States—and thereby build an ecosystem for start-ups engaged in childcare or nursing care fields. Also, we are concentrating efforts on the development of technologies that enrich the day-to-day lives of senior citizens in collaboration with SOMPO Digital Lab,
which is located in Tokyo, Silicon Valley, and Israel and supports the digital technology R&D of the Sompo Holdings Group’s businesses.
    26
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Business contest

Conversion of Japan’s Issues into Opportunities
The Group will develop dementia-oriented products and services and strengthen its linkage with products that are focused on the senior citizen market by leveraging the expertise of external partners through industry–academia–government partnerships and by advancing collaboration among the Group’s businesses. In addition, we will make maximum use of the know-how of the nursing care business as well as of feedback from more than 100,000 clients and personnel to roll out products and services in fields peripheral to the core nursing care business, including in the insurance field.
Joint research with the National Center for Geriatrics and Gerontology
      VOICE
Atsuko Muraki
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
There is a tendency to view the aging of society as a tribulation. However, Lynda Gratton, coauthor of The 100-Year Life: Living and Working in an Age of Longevity, refers to it as a gift for Japan. To enable everyone to enjoy this gift, realizing healthy longevity, is indispensable.
In this regard, I have high expectations of the Sompo Holdings Group. I would like the Group to take advantage of the scale of its operations in the nursing care field to build model business schemes that provide high-quality, efficient care to those with dementia and which value nursing care personnel. Further, I want the Group as a whole to offer comprehensive “security, health, and wellbeing” for the elderly that encompasses insurance through to nursing care services and various types of healthcare services. Also, l would like the Group to accelerate the full-scale introduction of new technologies and to develop its businesses overseas.
I sincerely hope that the Group helps enrich the day-to-day lives of senior citizens in Japan, which has become a super-aging society, and in other countries with aging societies.
  2
Telematics-Enabled Safe Driving Support Service and Safe Driving Discounts
 Security and Wellbeing Stemming from Disaster Preparedness
   To help customers drive safely and realize a safe, reliable motorized society, in March 2015 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa launched the insurance industry’s first telematics-enabled safe driving support service for companies, Smiling Road. Using a telematics-based driving recorder, the system steadily enhances drivers’ awareness of driving safety and helps managers provide guidance efficiently. Through the synergistic effects of the system’s visualization of driving status and praise for good driving, the cumulative number of accidents at all companies using this service has decreased roughly 20%.
In January 2016, we introduced Portable Smiling Road, a safe driving car navigation app for individuals. The app provides free use of the advanced car navigation functions of NAVITIME JAPAN Co., Ltd., as well as of functions that we
are uniquely qualified to provide as an insurance company, such as safe driving assessments and one-touch accident notification. Already, more than a
quarter of a million users have down-
 Use of Driving Recorders to Support Accident Responses and Safe Driving
loaded the app. In January 2018, we became Japan’s first P&C insurance company to link driving assessments with discounted automobile insurance premiums. Mainly targeting customers enrolling in automobile insurance for the first time, we offer safe driving discounts of up to 20% based on assessments from Portable Smiling Road.
A Portable Smiling Road screenshot
   In January 2018, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa introduced a service for individuals that is based on telematics and driving recorders, DRIVING! Living with a Car, as a rider for automo-
bile insurance.
Initially, as part of our digital technology-enabled safe
driving support services, we provided a service that was free
Integrated Annual Report 2018 27
Special Feature

 for a limited period and for a limited number of vehicles. However, we received feedback from many users to the effect that the service heightened their awareness of driving safety and they wanted to continue using the service even if it was no longer free. In response, we revamped the service to enhance its capabilities and began offering it as a rider for automobile insurance, and many customers now use the new service. Through safe driving support, the service gives drivers peace of mind when they are driving, and when they are off the road
safe driving assessments and visual training enable them to maintain their driving skills. Also, if an accident occurs, the new service includes accident notification functions. Moreover, through a collaboration with SOHGO SECURITY SERVICES CO., LTD. (ALSOK), we are the first major P&C insurance company in Japan to offer accident-scene callout services. In this way, the new service provides all-around support that allows customers to drive safely and with peace of mind.
Launch of a Cybersecurity Business Offering a One-Stop Platform
   January 2018 saw the Sompo Holdings Group’s first foray into the cybersecurity business. With changes in society’s infrastructure and technology, such as the spread of self-driving technology for automobiles and the Internet of Things (IoT), and the emergence of increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks, cyber risks have become a significant factor in corporate management.
Through the underwriting of cyber insurance, the Sompo Holdings Group has collected information on the issues that companies face in relation to cyber risks. Based on this insight, we have built a one-stop platform that provides services covering risk assessments and security-strengthening measures through to insurance payments if accidents or issues occur. In preparation for the launch of this new business, we established a new SOMPO Digital Lab in Israel in
3
November 2017. Employing leading-edge technology to deal with increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks, we will support customers by focusing on providing a comprehensive menu of services that encompasses the establishment of preventive systems and countermeasures for impact minimization.
One-Stop Platform
Policy Reinforcement Monitoring formulation measures and detection
Full service lineup Collaboration
Partner companies with advanced technological and solution capabilities
        Simple diagnosis
Sophisticated diagnosis
Accident response
Insurance payment
            Israel and Silicon Valley
 Support for Healthy Lifestyles and Lives
Health Maintenance and Improvement Assistance through Linkx
   28
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
With the aim of transforming into a health support enterprise, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance established the health service brand Linkx (pronounced “link cross”) in September 2016. The concept of the brand is to help customers become healthier in enjoyable, relaxed environments. With this in mind, we are developing a business model that unites three components: innovative products, health-related services that utilize digital technologies, and sales channels. We have already launched a range of products and services under the brand, all of which have proven popular. Linkx coins (insurance covering advanced medical treatment with organ transplantation medical treatment benefits) is an online-only insurance product that focuses on covering conditions that place the greatest financial burden on the insured when undergoing treatment. Also, we offer services under the brand that are available to everyone, not just insurance policyholders. These include the Linkx siru health app, the Linkx aruku
walking app, and the Linkx reco dieting app.
In response to feedback from female employees, in March
2018 we brought to market a new service, Linkx Pink, and in the following month we launched a renewed family income insurance product. Specifically designed for women, Linkx Pink gives complete breast cancer-related support that covers the early detection of breast cancer through to measures upon developing the disease. As well as information, the product provides a screening search and reservation service. The renewed family income insurance is the first product in the domestic insurance industry to incorporate a “Get Healthy Challenge!” program. This program lowers the premiums of customers who quit smoking or get healthier and provides them with a Get Healthy Bonus, equivalent to a reimbursement of the difference between the former and reduced premiums dating back to the time of policy enrollment.

   Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group
Integrated Annual Report 2018 29
   
      History
NKSJ Holdings, Inc. (currently Sompo Holdings, Inc.), was established in April 2010 through the management integration of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. and NIPPONKOA Insurance Co., Ltd. This move was made in response to the changes seen in the operating environment at that time, including market contraction stemming from the advent of an aging society with a decreasing population and increased risks associated with global climate change. As the Sompo Holdings Group prepares to celebrate the 130th anniversary of its founding, it is developing its operations centered on the domestic P&C insurance business, domestic life insurance business, nursing care & healthcare business, and the overseas insurance business in order to continue its evolution into a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.”
FY2012
¥111.6 billion
  * For the definition of adjusted consolidated profit, please see page 35.
The figures for fiscal 2010 through fiscal 2014 are adjusted consolidated profit calculated based on the standards of the previous Mid-Term Management Plan.
(Reference)
Adjusted consolidated profit in fiscal 2015 calculated based on the standards of the previous Mid-Term Management Plan: ¥215.5 billion
FY2011
¥1.2billion
Trends in Adjusted Consolidated Profit*
FY2010
¥80.7 billion
  • Group companies become signatories of Principles for Financial Action towards a Sustainable Society (Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century).
• Group appoints outside directors.
• Group establishes Nomination and Compensation Committee.
• Group becomes a signatory to the Women’s Empowerment Principles.
• Group becomes a signatory to Principles for Sustainable Insurance.
  Management Foundation
       30
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
2010 2011
Business-Related
    Domestic Life Insurance Business
      • Tenet (Singapore) becomes consolidated subsidiary.
• Fiba Sigorta (Turkey) becomes consolidated subsidiary.
• Sompo Japan and NIPPONKOA announce merger.
• Sompo Japan Himawari Life and Nipponkoa Life merge to form NKSJ Himawari Life.
• Berjaya (Malaysia) becomes consolidated subsidiary.
• Cedar becomes affiliate and enters nursing care business.
• Prime Assistance is established and enters assistance business.
  Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
    Overseas Insurance Business
        Strategic Businesses
   Domestic P&C Insurance Business
  2012
         
  Nursing Care & Healthcare Business, etc.
¥4.1 billion
Overseas Insurance Business
¥44.0 billion
FY2017
Adjusted consolidated profit
¥162.7 billion
  Domestic Life Insurance Business
¥29.2 billion
Domestic P&C Insurance Business
¥85.3 billion
      • NKSJ Himawari Life changes name to Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life.
• Marítima Seguros (Brazil) becomes consolidated subsidiary.
• Sompo Japan and NIPPONKOA merge to form Sompo Japan Nipponkoa.
• Watami no Kaigo becomes subsidiary, and Group establishes Sompo Care Next.
• Former capital alliance partner Message becomes subsidiary.
• Group concludes Bancassurance agreement with major banking group in ASEAN, CIMB Group Holdings.
• Sompo International (formerly Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.) (United States and Bermuda) becomes subsidiary.
           • Canopius Group (United Kingdom) and its subsidiaries become consolidated subsidiaries (sold in 2017).
• Fresh House becomes subsidiary and enters home remodeling business.
• Product Warranty Japan becomes subsidiary and enters extended warranty business.
Please refer to page 32 for major topics
         FY2015
¥164.3billion
FY2016
¥183.2billion
FY2017
¥162.7billion
      FY2014
¥138.3billion
    FY2013
¥101.5 billion
        • Group appoints its first female outside director.
• Group establishes Diversity Promotion Headquarters.
• Group declares endorsement of Japan’s Stewardship Code.
•
Group launches Group Exchange Program for international exchanges among Group personnel.
from fiscal 2017.
           •
Group introduces Business Owner system.
2017
     2013
2014
2015
2016
(FY)
Integrated Annual Report 2018 31
Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group

 Major Topics from Fiscal 2017
 Business-Related
June Joint Development of Overseas Travel Insurance for Travelers Visiting Japan
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance (China) Co., Ltd., jointly developed an overseas travel insurance product with ZhongAn Online P&C Insurance Co., Ltd., China’s largest purely Internet-based insurance company.
July
Aug.
Sept.
Sept.
Launch of All-in-One Package (Certification System Compliant)
Insurance Product for Companies with Sharing Economy Certification
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa launched a product that offers comprehensive compensation for liability insurance, allowing for discounts of up to 60% off
        Domestic P&C Insurance Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
Overseas Insurance Business
  insurance premiums, for certified sharing economy platform operators.
Security and Wellbeing
  Release of Kasha-Raku Mitsumori Estimate
Application for Reading Automobile Insurance Policies and Maintenance Vouchers
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa released the industry’s first AI-powered insurance estimate smartphone application for reading automobile insurance policies and maintenance vouchers from photographs.
See page 71 for more information.
Start of Sign Language Accident Response Services for Automobile
Insurance Policy Holders
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa started providing sign language support for automobile insurance policy holders when responding to accidents.
Launch of Cross-Border Accident Response Service
in Mekong Region
Sompo Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited launched an accident response service that provides support to automobile insurance policyholders
   See page 64 for more information.
Security and Wellbeing
Digital
Digital
    Sept. Rollout of Asu e no Chikara Insurance Product Dedicated to Encouraging People Requiring Care to Improve their Wellbeing
Sompo Holdings Group and Aiaru Syougakutankihoken Corporation rolled out the first insurance product in Japan dedicated to encouraging people requiring care to improve their wellbeing.
performing cross-border business activities in the Mekong region.
See page 64 for more information.
2Q
Security and Wellbeing
    Health and Wellbeing
Digital
    2017/ 1Q
   Management-Related
Sept. Conclusion of Comprehensive Partnership Agreement
with the National Center for Geriatrics and Gerontology
The Group will promote research and personnel exchanges for the purpose of helping prevent dementia to contribute to the health of seniors.
  Apr. Introduction of a Group Chief Officer System See page 14 for more information.
June Construction of Edge AI Center Group AI Factory
The Group constructed the insurance industry’s first AI factory for enabling real-time analysis of data collected by Group companies so that it can be instantly utilized in management.
    See page 71 for more information.
Digital
See page 25 for more information.
Health and Wellbeing
Human Resources
Sept. Selection for Inclusion in DJSI World
See page 39 for more information.
 32
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

    Jan.
Jan.
Feb.
Mar.
3Q
Oct.
Oct.
Nov.
Start of Safe Driving Discounts Linked to Smartphone Application
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa began providing discounts to the premiums of automobile insurance policy holders based on the results of driving
Mar.
Opening of SOMPO Care FOOD LAB
The Sompo Care Group opened an integrated facility for planning, product development, and employee education pertaining to food and nutrition.
examinations.
Security and See pages 27 and 46 for Wellbeing
more information.
Full-Fledged Deployment of DRIVING!
Safe Driving Support Service for Individuals
Digital
See page 27 and 46 for more information.
     Sompo Japan Nipponkoa added accident site dispatch and other new offerings to the lineup of services provided through DRIVING!, a telematics service using driving monitors for individuals.
See page 28 for more Security and Digital information. Wellbeing
Deployment of AI-Powered Face-to-Face Sales Support System
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance deployed the industry’s first AI technology for analyzing customer responses and satisfaction levels in policy holder recruitment activities.
See page 26 for more information.
Health and Wellbeing
Human Resources
         See page 52 for more information.
Human Resources
Digital
Apr. Commencement of Sales of Linkx aruku Jibun to Kazoku no Omamori Income Compensation Insurance for Supporting Health
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance launched the industry’s first health support product.
    Acquisition of Italian Crop Insurance Specialist
See pages 28 and 52 for more information.
 Sompo International acquired leading Italian crop insurance company A&A S.r.l., thereby expanding its crop insurance operations.
Health and Wellbeing
2018/ 1Q
 See page 59 for more information.
Creation of Global Platform
Sompo International restructured its organization and created a global platform.
See page 58 for more information.
Selection in CDP Climate A List
See page 39 for more information.
Announcement of Entry into
Cybersecurity Business
The Group announced the establishment of a SOMPO Digital Lab in Israel along with our entry into the cybersecurity business.
See page 28 for
more information.
Security and Wellbeing
Feb.
Feb.
Mar.
Mar.
4Q
         Receipt of RobecoSAM Bronze Class Award in Corporate Sustainability Assessment
See page 39 for more information.
Recognition of Six Group Companies as
“2018 Outstanding Enterprises Engaging in Efforts for Health and Productivity Management” (White 500)
   Conclusion of Comprehensive Partnership Agreement with Institute for Advanced Biosciences of Keio University
in Advanced Science Technology Field
The Group established Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Business Lab Tsuruoka. See page 46 for
more information.
  Health and Wellbeing
Human Resources
  Security and Wellbeing
Digital
Announcement of Merger of SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED, and Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited
See page 49 for more information.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 33
Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group

Financial Highlights
 Consolidated Financial Indicators for Sompo Holdings
            FY2010
FY2011
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
        Key Figures
Ordinary Income
Net Premiums Written (P&C Insurance)
Life Insurance Premiums
Ordinary Profit
Net Income Attributable to Shareholders of the Parent
Comprehensive Income
2,621,689 1,933,283 238,178
(6,437) (12,918) (143,120)
2,790,555 1,973,777 250,193
(51,815) (92,262) (48,098)
2,843,226 2,062,606 264,732 104,783 43,618 319,047
3,008,339 2,268,967 277,230 112,391 44,169 149,965
3,282,343 2,508,031 277,208 208,309 54,276 469,485
     Per Share Information (Yen, dollar)
Net Income
Dividends
(Of which, Interim)
Diluted Net Income
(31.11) (222.30) 105.10 80.0 80.0 60.0 ——— — — 104.87
106.98 60.0 30.0 106.77
132.85 70.0 30.0 132.61
     Financial Condition (Millions of yen)
Total Net Assets
Total Assets
Equity Ratio (%)
Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio (%)
1,079,446 8,981,974 12.0 —
1,000,577 8,893,378 11.2 549.8
1,283,488 9,178,198 13.9 688.3
1,390,153 9,499,799 14.5 783.1
1,829,852 10,253,431 17.8 803.4
      Stock Information (Shares)
       Number of Shares Outstanding (Excluding Treasury Stock)
415,106,429 414,825,205 414,726,157
411,284,208
408,037,848
     Adjusted Financial Indicators
Adjusted Consolidated Profit (Billions of yen)
Adjusted Consolidated ROE (%)
807 12 1,116 4.2 0.1 5.4
1,015 4.3
1,383 5.2
      34
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Notes: 1. Sompo Holdings carried out a reverse split of stocks to combine common stocks at a ratio of four shares to one share on October 1, 2011. Net income per share, dividends per share, and number of shares outstanding (excluding treasury stock) are calculated based on the assumption that the reverse split of stocks was executed at the beginning of fiscal 2010.
2. Reflecting amendments to the “Accounting Standard for Business Combinations,” etc., since fiscal 2015 the presentation of “net income” has been amended to “net income attributable to shareholders of the parent.”
3. From the end of fiscal 2011, the consolidated solvency margin ratio as the standard of consolidated financial soundness has been calculated in accordance with the related laws and regulations, including the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act, revised on March 31, 2011. Above, the figures for fiscal 2012 and before and the figures for fiscal 2013 and after are calculated on a different basis, reflecting the law revision concerning the standards for the calculation of the solvency margin ratio that was enforced at the end of fiscal 2013. Figures are not presented for fiscal 2010.
4. Diluted net income per share for fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011 is not shown due to the recording of net loss per share.
5. Since fiscal 2016, the definition of adjusted consolidated profit has been changed. (Fiscal 2015 figures have been recalculated and presented based on new standards.) 6. U.S. dollar amounts are translated from yen at the rate of ¥106.24 = U.S.$1.00, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2018.
Adjusted Financial Indicators
Adjusted consolidated profit is a profit indicator that is meant to more accurately reflect business results and is calculated by adjusting consolidated net income based on JGAAP for catastrophic loss reserve and other items.
This indicator is used to determine shareholder returns.

   Overseas insurance
Calculation method
           FY2015
  FY2016
  FY2017
 FY2017
3,256,186 2,552,193 297,696 216,853 159,581
(116,689)
3,419,530 2,550,336 323,860 241,713 166,402 226,949
  3,770,052
35,486
2,854,755
26,870
346,998
3,266
141,890
1,335
139,817
1,316
177,754
 1,673
   394.21 80.0 40.0 393.66
 419.15 90.0 40.0 418.71
361.39
3.40
110.0
1.03
55.0
0.51
361.09
 3.39
   1,652,839 10,186,746 16.1 851.4
 1,868,940 11,931,135 15.1 748.9
1,916,210
18,036
11,948,323
112,465
15.8
—
862.5
—
     404,162,514
  393,398,576
    380,579,944
  —
 1,643 6.9
 1,832 7.6
   1,627
1,531
6.4
 —
 Domestic P&C insurance*1
Net income
+ Provisions for catastrophic loss reserve (after tax) + Provisions for reserve for price fluctuation
(after tax)
– Gains/losses on sales of securities and
impairment losses on securities (after tax)
– Special factors (e.g., dividend from subsidiaries)
     Domestic life insurance
Net income
+ Provision of contingency reserve (after tax)
+ Provision of reserve for price fluctuation (after tax) + Adjustment of underwriting reserve (after tax)
+ Deferral of acquisition cost (after tax)
– Depreciation of acquisition cost (after tax)
 Nursing care & healthcare, etc.*2
     Net income (including major non-consolidated subsidiaries)
Operating income is used for Sompo International Holdings.*3
  Adjusted consolidated profit
      Adjusted consolidated net assets
Consolidated net assets (excluding life insurance subsidiary’s net assets)
+ Catastrophic loss reserve in domestic
P&C insurance (after tax)
+ Reserve for price fluctuation in domestic P&C
insurance (after tax)
+ Domestic life insurance adjusted net assets*4
     Adjusted consolidated ROE
Adjusted consolidated profit/Adjusted consolidated net assets
Note: The denominator is the average balance
at the end/start of each fiscal year.
 Rating agency
 Object
 Sompo Holdings
 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa
 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life
 SAISON AUTOMOBILE & FIRE
  Sompo International Holdings Ltd.’s Main Subsidiaries*
 S&P
  Financial Strength Rating
  — A+
  A+
  —
  A+
 Moody’s
 Insurance Financial Strength Rating
— A1
—
—
A1
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
 Issuer Rating
  — AA
  —
  —
  —
 Insurance Claims Paying Ability
——
AA
—
—
 Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR)
 Ability to Pay Insurance Claims Rating
 — AA+
 —
 AA
 —
 A.M.Best
  Financial Strength Ratings
  — A+
  —
  —
  A+
 Definition of Adjusted Consolidated Profit,
Adjusted Consolidated ROE, etc. (Fiscal 2016 and After)
   Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollar
     Rating Information
Net income
Total of above adjusted profits
*1 The total of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.; SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED; Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited; Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Services Inc.; Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities Inc.; and Sompo Risk Management & Health Care Inc. (for fiscal 2017 and after)
*2 The total of Sompo Care Inc. (the former Sompo Care Message Inc. and Sompo Care Next Inc.); Cedar Co., Ltd.; Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd.; Prime Assistance Inc.; Sompo Warranty Inc.; and FRESHHOUSE Co., Ltd.
*3 The adjusted profit of Sompo International is defined as operating income net of fluctuating, one-time factors (Operating income = Net income − Net foreign exchange gains/losses − Net realized and unrealized gains/losses on sales of securities as well as impairment losses/valuation gains on securities − Net impairment losses recognized in earnings, etc.).
*4 Domestic life insurance adjusted net assets = Net assets (JGAAP, after tax) + Contingency reserve (after tax) + Reserve for price fluctuation (after tax) + Adjustment of underwriting reserve (after tax) + Non-depreciated acquisition cost (after tax)
(As of June 15, 2018)
   * For more information, please refer to the following website. https://www.sompo-intl.com/about_us/financial_highlights/financial_ratings
Integrated Annual Report 2018 35
Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group
Adjusted profit for each business

Financial Highlights
 Steady Growth in Net Premiums Written
Net Premiums Written (P&C Insurance)
Life Insurance Premiums
  (Billions of yen) (Billions of yen) 3,500 400
3,000 2,854.7 350
323.8
346.9
    2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000 500
2,508.0 2,552.1 2,550.3 300 2,268.9
250 200 150 100
50
277.2
277.2
2014
297.6
      00
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) 2013
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
   Net premiums written grew substantially in fiscal 2017 mainly due to the consolidation of Sompo International Holdings in the overseas insurance business, an increase in the number of voluntary automobile insurance policies, and strong sales of products to small and medium-sized enterprises in other lines in the domestic P&C insurance business. Life insurance premiums written also grew steadily due to an increase in policies in force.
Increase of More Than 50% in Adjusted Consolidated Profit over Past Five Years
  Net Income Attributable to Shareholders of the Parent
Adjusted Consolidated Profit
(Billions of yen) 180
160 140 120 100
80 60 40 20
159.5
166.4
(Billions of yen) 200
180
160
140 120 100
80 60 40 20
183.2 164.3
        44.1
54.2
00 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
2013
2014
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
139.8
162.7
138.3 101.5
   Net income decreased in fiscal 2017 mainly due to the impact of the hurricanes in North America, while net income excluding these factors grew steadily. Adjusted consolidated profit, which is used as funds for shareholder returns, was ¥162.7 billion in fiscal 2017.
36
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

 Medium-Term Improvement Trend in Capital Efficiency
  (%) 12.0
10.0 8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
9.2%
9.7%
(%) 10.0
8.0
6.0 4.0 2.0
7.6%
Consolidated ROE (JGAAP)
Adjusted Consolidated ROE
 6.9%
 7.6%
5.2%
6.4%
2017 (FY)
 3.3%
3.4%
00
4.3%
  2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
Total Payout Ratio of 50% since Fiscal 2014
Shareholder Returns
2013 2014
2015 2016
 In fiscal 2017, adjusted consolidated ROE fell to 6.4% mainly due to the impact of hurricanes in the North America. Our capital efficiency has been improving mainly due to stable profit growth as well as to the ongoing reduction in strategicholding stocks and the enhancement of shareholder returns through share buybacks. These efforts will be continued going forward with the aim of achieving adjusted consolidated ROE of more than 8%.
  (Billions of yen) 100
80 60 40 20
(Yen)
91.6 120 81.3 100
110 90
        34.7 10.0
24.7
17.0
28.6
32.3
40 35.4 42.2 20
65.8
45.6 33.5
56.2 39.1
80
60
80 70
  00
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) ■ Share buybacks ■ Cash dividends
2013
2014
2015 2016
2017 (FY)
60
Dividends per Share
   The target level for the total payout ratio is around 50% over the medium term, and we have proceeded to issue highly transparent shareholder returns with a total payout ratio of 50% for four consecutive years beginning in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2018, we expect to raise dividend payments for the fifth consecutive year mainly due to the record-high profit forecast.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 37
Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group

Non-Financial Highlights (ESG Initiatives)
Based on its Group CSR Vision, the Sompo Holdings Group strives to address social issues and create new value as part of the process of its transformation into a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers” and to thereby help realize a resilient, sustainable society together with growth for the Group.
 Five CSR Material Issues
In April 2016, based upon the Group CSR Vision, the Sompo Holdings Group established the following Three Key Strengths to advance its CSR initiatives. Furthermore, the Group redefined its Five CSR Material Issues based on the latest developments and changes in its business environment, most notably the adoption of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) at the 2015 UN summit and the Paris Agreement at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, to realize a resilient and sustainable society by providing products and services that contribute to security, health, and wellbeing.
 Five Material Issues
          38
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Group CSR Vision
We, the Sompo Holdings Group, will positively engage our stakeholders in forward-looking dialogue, respect international standards and codes of conduct, and address environmental issues of climate change, biodiversity, and social issues of human rights and diversity in the course of our business operations in a transparent, fair, and open manner.
By constantly maintaining a long-term outlook, and by providing services and products that contribute to security, health, and wellbeing, we will strive as a solution provider to promote the realization of a resilient and sustainable society.
 Our Key Strengths
Developing and providing innovative products and services using financial expertise and digital technologies to provide innovative solutions for social issues.
Promoting the development of advanced human skills by fostering partnerships with stakeholders representative of broad sectors of civil society.
Promoting the quality of life and its enrichment by the application throughout all our operations of our expertise and resources in the arts and culture.
1
2
3
4
5
Providing Solutions for Disaster Preparedness
Contributing to Health and Welfare
Promoting the Manageability of Global Environmental Issues
Empowering Community and Society
Supporting Diversity and Inclusion in Private and Public Life
Provide products and services to help improve disaster resilience, and collaborate with stakeholders on realizing a safer, more secure world.
Provide high-quality nursing care and healthcare services, and implement projects that promote health and welfare with the aim of creating a society where all people are able to lead a fulfilling life.
Contribute to climate change adaptation and mitigation, biodiversity conservation, and other global environmental goals through value chain initiatives and provision of new solutions.
Through community outreach and initiatives in culture and the arts, improve the lives of people in local communities and become their most trusted corporate citizen.
Respect the human rights and individuality of all stakeholders, supporting them in their pursuit of professional and personal development.
Our Vision

External Recognition of Our ESG Efforts
Inclusion in Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) Indices
From an early stage, we have been actively involved in ESG, and our initiatives have been recognized by various organizations globally. The following outlines our major recent recognitions and awards (as of July 1, 2018).
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI World)
DJSI World is a leading global SRI index of companies that are leaders in sustainability, as assessed from their approach toward environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues. This is the eighth consecutive year for Sompo Holdings to be included in the index and the 18th consecutive year for Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance.
Corporate Sustainability Assessment by RobecoSAM
We were awarded the RobecoSAM Bronze Class Award in 2018, listed from among the companies that are included in the DJSI survey. We have been listed for this award for the eighth consecutive year, and for the 11th consecutive year when including the years Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Inc. was listed.
CDP Climate Change Survey
We were included in A-List, the highest ranking among financial institutions, in the CDP Climate Change survey. The CDP is a collaborative initiative by the world’s leading institutional investors to encourage businesses worldwide to adopt climate change strategies and disclose their GHG emissions.
FTSE4Good Index Series
The FTSE4Good Index Series is a group of SRI indexes that evaluate the performances of companies meeting globally recognized corporate responsibility standards in relation to ESG.
FTSE Blossom Japan Index
Created by the global index provider FTSE Russell (the trading name of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company), the FTSE Blossom Japan Index is designed to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong environmental, social, and governance (ESG) practices. The FTSE Blossom Japan Index is used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes and MSCI SRI Indexes
These indexes comprise companies from various industries that have earned high evaluations in relation to ESG.
ECPI Global Developed ESG Best-in-Class Equity Index
ECPI Global Developed ESG Best-in-Class Equity Index comprises stocks with high ESG evaluations.
The Morningstar Socially Responsible Investment Index
The Morningstar Socially Responsible Investment Index was developed as Japan’s first socially responsible investment index comprising Japanese companies.
                   Integrated Annual Report 2018 39
Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group

 Non-Financial Highlights (ESG Initiatives)
SDGs Integration into Management and Business
The SDGs emphasize the importance of the role of businesses. The Group Management Philosophy and our management strategies share a common thread with the SDGs. We therefore plan to propel the Group forward in its growth by engaging in various activities for contributing to the achievement of the SDGs.
Stakeholder Engagement toward Achieving the SDGs
Various important stakeholders have a large influence on the business activities
of the Group. We recognize the importance of understanding social issues through communication with stakeholders as well as of building relationships based on trust and collaboration with them in order to achieve greater results. We thus place emphasis on stakeholder engagement.
The 17th SDG is to “strengthen the means
of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development,” and is a key for promoting our initiative.
                     A variety of international and domestic initiatives are forming partnerships to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs. The Group actively participates in various initiatives, making an effort to play a leading role in achieving the SDGs.
         United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
Women’s Empowerment Principles (WEPs)
Business Call to Action (BCtA), led by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI)
Principles for
Responsible Investment (PRI)
Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI)
Caring for Climate
Masao Seki
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)
 T OPICS
Revision of the Keidanren Charter of Corporate Behavior—Japanese Business Sphere Initiative Aimed at Achievement the SDGs
Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) is advocating contributions to the accomplishment of the SDGs through the realization of Society 5.0, a vision for an ultrasmart, human-oriented society, leading it to revise the Charter of Corporate Behavior and its implementation guidelines in 2017. Masao Seki, Senior Advisor on Corporate Social Responsibility Department of core Group company Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc., played a leadership role in this revision as the chair of the revision task force.
Chair of Task Force on Keidanren’s Charter of Corporate Behavior Committee on Corporate Behavior & Social Responsibility
Keidanren
Senior Advisor
Corporate Social Responsibility Department
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
  40
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
More than ever, attention is being turned to the role of companies,
which have the power to transform society through their businesses,
in contributing to the realization of the inclusive and sustainable future
so desired by the world. As such, companies are now expected to
incorporate the SDGs into their business strategies from a long-term perspective based not only on an understanding of the
17 SDGs but also on the fundamental principles of respect for human rights that lie at the core of these goals. The Sompo Holdings Group is fully aware of the significance of the revision to the Charter of Corporate Behavior, and it stands committed to accelerating its efforts for accomplishing the SDGs.
Professor
School of Business Administration Meiji University

Progress of Initiatives Related to Material Issues— Contributions to Accomplishment of SDGs
The Sompo Holdings Group has established CSR key performance indicators (CSR-KPIs) based on the Five CSR Material Issues to quantify the progress of initiatives related to these issues. We thereby strive to resolve various social issues, believing that these efforts will contribute to the accomplishment of the SDGs.
      Providing Solutions for Disaster Preparedness
The Group analyzes huge volumes of accident data (big data) it has accumulated over the years to develop new products and services that contribute to disaster preparedness. In addition, our expertise of risk quantification is utilized to formulate measures for preventing accidents and reducing the damage caused by natural disasters. We also promote disaster preparedness education to improve awareness as many people as possible with accurate disaster preparedness knowledge. Our goal through these efforts is to help combat disasters while reducing the occurrence of secondary disasters.
 Participants in Disaster Preparedness Activities Conducted in Collaboration with NPOs and NGOs
The Bosai JAPAN-DA Project is a workshop designed to help children and their parents learn the knowledge and safety precautions necessary to protect themselves and the people around them from disasters. This program received the Judging Committee’s Special Award in the 2017 Award for Companies Promoting Experience-based Learning Activities for the Youth sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
 (People) 15,000
10,000 5,000 0
9,153
500*
2015 2016
14,836
2017 (FY)
 * The fiscal 2015 figure only includes activities from January–March 2016.
 Please refer to page 27 for information on products and services for helping improve disaster preparedness.
Material Issue
1
      Contributing to Health and Welfare
With a view to realizing its vision of “Japan, an affluent country that can boast to the world of a long and quality life,” the Sompo Holdings Group is working to become the most trusted provider of nursing care services in Japan based on consideration of the various risks that might threaten an aging population. To this end, we will swiftly cultivate a brand founded on security, health, and wellbeing through the provision of nursing care services of impeccable quality. Moreover, we seek to help people remain healthier for longer. Accordingly, we provide employee assistance programs, lifestyle disease prevention support, and other support services to contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.
Participants in Health and Welfare Education Programs
The Group holds programs for training people to support individuals with dementia, which is on the rise as the population ages. These programs offer
 (People)
3,000 2,761
2,680 participants accurate information with regard to this condition to endow them with the skills necessary to offer proper
 2,000 1,000 0
1,860
 2015
Note: Total number of participants comprises Group employees and agency employees
support to individuals suffering from this condition. We hope that these programs will contribute to our business as well as to society.
2016 2017 (FY)
 Please refer to pages 25 and 54 for information on the nursing care & healthcare business.
Material Issue
2
Integrated Annual Report 2018 41
Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group

Non-Financial Highlights (ESG Initiatives)
      Promoting the Manageability of Global Environmental Issues
Rather than simply viewing climate change and other global environmental issues as risks, the Sompo Holdings Group goes a step forward to provide various solutions for addressing these issues. Examples of these solutions include insurance products and risk consulting services that cover the risks associated with meteorological disasters and renewable energy operations. We also seek to provide products and services that respond to and help alleviate climate change, contribute to the preservation of biodiversity, and promote eco-conscious action. At the same time, we are working together with stakeholders throughout all areas of our business, from upstream areas to downstream areas, to take the initiative in reducing environmental impacts across the value chain. In these ways, the Group is approaching global environmental issues as opportunities to create and grow new markets.
Another area of focus is promoting the resolution of global environmental issues. To this end, we carry out environmental preservation activities and provide opportunities for environmental education to raise interest in and awareness of the environment and thereby increase the number of individuals capable of exercising autonomy in addressing such issues. The Group also collaborates with research and government institutions to conduct research on global environmental issues and transmit the results throughout society.
 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 1–3)
(t-CO2) 200,000
150,000 100,000 50,000 0
 Scope 1
150,868 164,063 152,831 157,266 154,410
59,094 64,082
58,039
75,207
21,164 2017
70,143
57,800 80,738 76,552
59,227
76,522
21,517 2013 2014 2015 2016
21,631 19,244 Scope 2 Scope 3
18,479
 Note: Figures are the total of Scope 1 (direct emissions due to use of gasoline, etc.), Scope 2 (indirect emissions from electricity and other energy sources), and Scope 3 (indirect emissions across entire value chains, including transport and business trips). Since fiscal 2012, the Group has been received an annual Assurance Statement by a third-party certification organization in relation to greenhouse gas emissions. The coverage of the survey is as follows. Fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2014: Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. (including consolidated subsidiaries) and NIPPONKOA Insurance Company, Limited (including consolidated subsidiaries)
Fiscal 2015: Sompo Holdings, Inc., and main consolidated subsidiaries and operating companies
Fiscal 2016–fiscal 2017: Sompo Holdings, Inc., and main consolidated subsidiaries.
The SAVE JAPAN Project, a program for preserving scarce species in Japan, received the Chairman’s Award of Ecological Life and Culture Organization 2017.
We held a dialogue with members of a local community for developing a product in response to climate change.
(FY)
Human Resource Development in
Environmental Field
(People)
10,000
7,500 7,146 5,000
2,500
 7,847 7,917
    0
2013 2014
2015 2016 2017
Note: Total number of people who participated in the SAVE JAPAN Project, a program for preserving scarce species in Japan; Public Seminars on the Environment; and the CSO Learning Scholarship Program, which provides an internship program for university and graduate program students in environmental NPOs and NGOs
6,662 2,396
 (FY)
Material Issue
3
42 Sompo Holdings, Inc.

       Empowering Communities and Society
The Sompo Holdings Group sees empowering communities and society as an important corporate responsibility to be fulfilled by identifying social issues through communication with communities and society by the Group and by individual employees. In collaboration with NPOs, NGOs, and various other stakeholders, we take part in various initiatives for fulfilling this responsibility. At the same time, frameworks have been put in place to support all employees in utilizing the skills cultivated through their work to participate in activities for addressing social issues.
We believe that active involvement in the resolution of social issues will help employees grow to be more keenly aware of social issues and thereby facilitate future efforts to address social issues on both a local and global scale. Moreover, we hope that our efforts to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society through the resolution of community and social issues will in turn enable the Sompo Holdings Group to earn greater trust from society while improving its brand value.
Employees Participating in Social Contribution Activities
(People) 40,000
30,000
35,848
32,829
2013
Note: Total number of Group employees and agency employees
     22,412 20,000
10,000 0
2014 2015
2016 2017
Held every year, Sompo Holdings Volunteer Days is a time for employees to take part in volunteer activities.
31,623
30,108
  (FY)
Material Issue
4
       Supporting Diversity and Inclusion in Private and Public Life
Guided by its slogan of “Diversity for Growth,” which signifies our commitment to transforming diversity into strength and subsequently growth, the Sompo Holdings Group utilizes diversity to drive growth and to develop new products and services based on diverse values. We are also committed to respect for basic human rights, not just those of our employees but also those of our customers and various other stakeholders, and we promote diversity through products and services as well as through education.
Ratio of Female Employees in Managerial Positions
(%)
20
15 11.0 13.2
10 5 0
18.7 20.7
  5.2
SOMPO KIDS PARK daycare facilities have been established at the Company in
(FY) order to create a workplace
 2014 2015 2016
Note: Figures for overseas consolidated subsidiaries are as of December 31 of the
2017 2018
respective fiscal year. Figures for domestic operating companies are as of April 1 of the respective fiscal year.
Please refer to page 68 for information on human resource strategy.
environment that is accommodating to employees with small children.
 Material Issue
5
Please refer to the CSR section of Sompo Holdings’ corporate website for information on ESG initiatives. https://www.sompo-hd.com/en/csr/
Integrated Annual Report 2018 43
Past and Present of the Sompo Holdings Group

 Domestic P&C Insurance Business
 n Basic Strategies and Background
In the domestic P&C insurance business, we seek to become the most highly evaluated P&C insurance company by making decisions thoroughly from customers’ perspectives and realizing growth in accordance with quality through massive improvements to business efficiency.
The Sompo Holdings Group boasts a roughly 30% share of the domestic P&C insurance market, which is showing steady growth in premiums despite the declining population in Japan. However, the environment of this market is expected to undergo dramatic changes over the medium-to-long term. Factors behind this transformation will include demographic changes, the increasing frequency of large-scale natural disasters, and the exponential evolution of technology and accompanying changes in customer tastes and behavior.
Even in these changing times, we will contribute to society by providing the highest-quality products and services that support Japanese companies that act globally and help people’s safety, health, and wellbeing.
Share of Domestic P&C Insurance Market
    Keiji Nishizawa
Domestic P&C Insurance Business Owner Director (Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.)
The domestic P&C insurance business meets a variety of customer needs through its P&C insurance operations. Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc., which was established in 1888 as Japan’s first fire insurance company, primarily sells insurance through agencies as the core company in this business. SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED, meanwhile, is responsible for direct sales. Furthermore, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities Inc. provides defined contribution pension fund management services, and Sompo Risk Management & Health Care Inc. provides risk solution services, and the Group can provide products and services of the highest quality that leverage the specialization of each Group company.
Approx. 30% share boasted by the Sompo Holdings Group
27.3%
Others 72.7%
Sompo Holdings Group
Note: Based on net premiums of P&C insurers in Japan from fiscal 2016 Source: Insurance, Hoken Kenkyujo
Trend in Premiums in the Japanese P&C Insurance Market
Steady growth in premiums
(Billions of yen) Average annual growth of 2.9% 10,000
   44
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
6,819.2 6,941.9
7,196.7 7,611.7 7,956.9 8,221.2 8,108.5
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
Notes 1. Based on total of various types of premiums
2. Based on net premiums of P&C insurers in Japan excluding
reinsurance companies
Source: Sigma Report, Swiss Re; Insurance, Hoken Kenkyujo
 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 (FY) Fire and allied Marine Personal accident Voluntary automobile
CALI Others
  
 n Progress of the Mid-Term Management Plan
Adjusted profit in the domestic P&C insurance business accounts for about 50% of the Group’s adjusted profit (fiscal 2017). Going forward, we aim for this business, which is the largest business segment, to contribute to the Group’s growth. In fiscal 2017, the second year of the Mid-Term Management Plan, adjusted profit fell below our target due to the higherthan-average frequency of natural disasters in Japan, the hurricanes that struck North America, and an increase in largescale accidents.
In fiscal 2018, we expect that adjusted profit will come to over ¥118.0 billion, in line with the forecasts disclosed in
November 2016. In addition to the absence of last year’s large-scale accidents and the return to normal levels of natural disasters in Japan, we also plan to move ahead with reductions to business expenses.
As the Group’s largest business segment, we will not limit ourselves to sustaining and growing existing operations in the domestic P&C insurance business. Rather, we will pursue medium-to-long-term improvements in profitability through growth strategies powered by IT and digital technologies and the creation of new businesses via collaboration with innovative partners.
   KPI Net Premiums Written (Sompo Japan Nipponkoa)*1
KPI
(Billions of yen)
Adjusted Profit*2
Assumed CAGR of about +4%
Absence of impacts of large-scale accidents, etc., from previous fiscal year and gradually appearing benefits of cost reductions
  (Billions of yen)
2,162.5
2015
Assumed CAGR of about +1%
   2,121.7 2,132.8
2016 2017
2,146.0
2018 (Forecast)
Primarily due to hurricanes in North America, large-scale accidents, etc. +38%
        n Main Future Initiatives
In the domestic P&C insurance business, we will pursue
ongoing growth with a focus on three types of innovation.
Sustainable Innovation (Ongoing Growth through Existing Business Models)
The Sompo Holdings Group will increase quality and productivity through customer-oriented reforms in sales and claims departments to create innovation for achieving the maximum levels of growth via existing business models. In sales departments, systems will be developed based on customer needs. Claims departments, meanwhile, will implement reforms aimed at providing better service to customers, enhancing specialized expertise, and utilizing digital technologies.
System Innovation (Improvements in Productivity [Profit Margins])
Rapidly evolving IT technologies will be used to facilitate innovation for achieving drastic improvements in productivity. Specifically, we will move forward with the application of AI and robotic process automation technologies and reform of our system platform, which is called the Future Innovation Project.
Model Innovation (Creation of New Business Models)
Innovation for creating new business models will include the development of new models through the union of marketing and digital technologies. We will also seek to create new businesses that contribute to people’s security, health, and wellbeing in response to changes in industry structures brought about by advanced science technologies.
Over 118.0
2015 2016
*2 For the definition of adjusted profit, please see page 35.
134.9 111.9
   85.3
   *1 Net premiums written are adjusted to reflect assumed reinsurance premiums scheduled to be transferred to overseas subsidiaries in a phased manner.
Of the total amount to be transferred (approximately ¥60.0 billion), the portion not yet transferred in each fiscal year has been excluded.
2020 ( Vision)
(FY)
2017 2018 (Forecast)
2020 (FY) ( Vision)
Integrated Annual Report 2018 45
Business Strategy

Domestic P&C Insurance Business
   Security & Wellbeing
Digital
  Discounts Linked to Smartphone Application
Start of Safe Driving Discounts
In January 2018, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa began providing discounts to the premiums of customers newly enrolling in automobile insurance or insuring additional vehicles, based on the results of driving examinations linked to our free safe driving support smartphone application, Portable Smiling Road (launched in January 2016), making the discounts the first of their kind in Japan.*
* These discounts are the first premium discounts to be offered in Japan based on the driving examination function of a smartphone application.
Driving examination results screen of Portable Smiling Road application
  Human Resources
Utilization of AI
Digital
  Implementation of “AI Voice Recognition System” at Nationwide Insurance Service Bases
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa implemented the “AI Voice Recognition System” at nationwide insurance service bases in February 2018, which is the second AI voice recognition system adopted by this company after the automated advisor knowledge support system in place at call centers. These systems are being used to realize higher levels of business efficiency and quality.
“AI Voice Recognition System” being used at insurance service base
  Health
Human Resources
 Conclusion of Comprehensive Partnership Agreement with Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa concluded a comprehensive partnership agreement with the Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University, which is headed by Director General Masaru Tomita, with the aim of using advanced science technologies to help resolve social issues and thereby contribute to communities and society as a whole.
As part of this partnership, the Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Business Lab Tsuruoka
was established within the campus center of the Institute for Advanced Biosciences, which is located in Tsuruoka City, Yamagata Prefecture. This lab will merge academic, business, and local organizations to form a united movement to address social issues and make social contributions.
Business Alliance with LINE Financial Corporation
In April 2018, an agreement was reached between LINE Financial Corporation and Sompo Japan Nipponkoa to form a business alliance in the P&C insurance field. Located in the Shinjuku ward of Tokyo, LINE Financial aspires to develop and provide revolutionary financial services under the leadership of Representative Director Tsuyoshi Idesawa.
Through this alliance, we will seek to develop and launch specialized smartphone-based insurance services that will offer customers easy access to insurance purchase, consulting, and claims services via smartphones. These new insurance services will be a fusion of communication and insurtech (a portmanteau of “insurance” and “technology”).
   46 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
 
 n Company Outline
Performance Review
Net premiums written rose 0.1% year on year, to ¥2,168.0 billion, due to higher net premiums written in specialty and automobile insurance.
The net loss ratio increased 1.2 percentage points, to 64.4%, as a result of insurance payments arising from the greater number of natural disasters in Japan as well as large-scale accidents.
The net expense ratio rose 0.3 percentage point, to 32.3%, as a result of an increase in the ratio of premium process expenses.
As of March 31, 2018
As a core company in the Sompo Holdings Group, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa supplies a wide range of P&C insurance and other services to contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of its approximately 2,000 customers across Japan. With the domestic P&C insurance business at its core, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa will realize growth in accordance with quality and thereby become the most highly evaluated P&C insurance company.
    Investment profit was down ¥34.5 billion due to the recording of write-downs and losses on disposal of subsidiaries’ stocks. As a result, ordinary profit decreased ¥55.2 billion year on year. Regardless, net income increased ¥5.6 billion, to ¥170.0 billion, because of a decline in income tax expenses following the reorganization of the newly acquired Sompo International.
(Billions of yen)
      Net Premiums Written
Net Loss Ratio / Net Expense Ratio
(%) 100
80 60
(Billions of yen)
2,500
2,000 1,500 1,000
2,082.1
2,181.3
2,218.4
2,165.6
2,168.0
500
20 00
FY2013 FY2014
2,082.1 2,181.3 65.7% 65.6% 32.2% 31.8%
(62.5) 45.2 192.7 151.5 117.7 195.1
49.5 45.0
FY2015
  Net Premiums Written Net Loss Ratio
Net Expense Ratio Underwriting Profit (Loss) Investment Profit Ordinary Profit
 Net Income
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Total Assets
Total Net Assets
Sompo Japan
Nipponkoa
713.3%
653.0%
716.3%
78.2
108.5
178.0
126.2
32.0%
112.4
132.3
230.4
164.4
32.3%
94.8
97.8
175.2
170.0
    729.3%
677.0%
735.1%
     7,036.2
7,568.7
7,688.1
    1,324.8
 Unrealized Gains and Losses on Securities Available For Sale
Non-Performing Loans (Risk-Monitored Loans)
70,98.9 7,326.2
12,33.3 1,592.6
7,44.9 1,101.9
0.9 0.7
857.3
1,455.2
  911.7
1,574.5
 968.4
    0.4
0.4
0.3
    Note: Figures prior to August 2014, excluding ROE and the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio, are the total of Sompo Japan and Nipponkoa.
     65.7
65.6 63.7 63.2 64.4
31.8 31.6 32.0 32.3
2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) Net expense ratio
2,218.4
63.7%
31.6%
FY2016
2,165.6
63.2%
FY2017
   2,168.0
64.4%
 40 32.2
   2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) 2013 Net loss ratio
Integrated Annual Report 2018 47
Business Strategy

Domestic P&C Insurance Business
 Underwriting Profit (Loss) / Investment Profit
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
(Billions of yen) 200
150 100 50
0
192.7
(Billions of yen) 250
230.4
164.4 170.0
2016 2017 (FY)
          –50
(62.5)
–100
2013 Underwriting profit (loss)
2015
2016
2013
Ordinary profit Net income
151.5
45.2
132.3 108.5 112.4
94.8 97.8
2017
200 150 100
50 0
195.1
45.0
178.0 126.2
2015
175.2
78.2
2014
Investment profit
117.7 49.5
    As an insurance company that markets directly to customers, we sell “Otona no Jidosha Hoken” voluntary automobile insurance targeting those in their 40s and 50s, a demographic group with lower accident rates. By setting insurance rates by age, we aim to be a company understood and chosen by customers.
Given the recent changes in the environment, using digital technologies, we will strengthen our connections with customers and continue to offer products and services that customers are comfortable with, based on the concept of “always connected, just in case.”
Performance Review
Net premiums written increased 14.4% year on year, to ¥38.0 billion, due to favorable performance by voluntary automobile insurance.
The net loss ratio increased 2.0 percentage points year on year, to 69.0%, reflecting a rise in claims paid.
The net expenses ratio improved 0.5 percentage point year on year, to 37.4%, due to an increase in net premiums written. Since its launch in March 2011, voluntary automobile insurance “Otona no Jidosha Hoken” has earned the support of many customers, reaching about 730,000 policies in force.
Establishment:
Capital: Shareholder:
Total assets:
Net premiums written: Head office:
URL:
September 1982
(operational kickoff: April 1983) ¥31,010 million
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa (99.76%) Credit Saison (0.24%)
¥53.8 billion
¥38.0 billion
Sunshine 60, 1-1, Higashi-Ikebukuro 3-chome, Toshima-ku, Tokyo http://www.ins-saison.co.jp/
Takefumi Umemoto
President
(FY)
2014
  SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED
    (Millions of yen)
      Net Premiums Written Net Loss Ratio
Net Expense Ratio Underwriting Profit (Loss) Ordinary Profit (Loss)
Net Income (Loss)
Solvency Margin Ratio
Total Assets
Total Net Assets
Unrealized Gains And Losses on Securities Available For Sale
FY2016
FY2017
   33,223
38,012
   67.0%
69.0%
   37.9%
37.4%
   (5,938)
(5,422)
   (5,931)
(5,441)
   (5,948)
(5,461)
   562.0%
463.9%
   51,655
53,807
   9,281
8,289
   427
396
            48
Net Premiums Written
“Otona no Jidosha Hoken” Policies in Force
  (Millions of yen)
40,000
35,000 30,000 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
38,012
(10 Thousand)
80
70
60
50
40 37 30 25
20
73
2017 (FY)
5,000
18,951
22,359
27,439
10 00
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) 2013 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
33,223
63 49
  2014 2015 2016

   With its intermediary agents introducing insurance products to customers, Sonpo 24 is involved in the direct marketing of automobile insurance through its website and call centers. Together with these agents, Sonpo 24 is an approachable and reliable insurance company that values its relationship with each customer.
Performance Review
Although net premiums written declined slightly, they remained stable at ¥12.3 billion. Due to an improvement in the net expense ratio due to lower costs, the combined ratio improved 0.6 percentage point to 93.6%,
Establishment:
Capital:
Shareholder:
Total assets:
Net premiums written: Head office:
URL:
December 1999
(operational kickoff: March 2001) ¥19.0 billion
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa (100%) ¥24.1 billion
¥12.3 billion
Sunshine 60, 1-1, Higashi-Ikebukuro 3-chome, Toshima-ku, Tokyo http://www.sonpo24.co.jp/
Hisayuki Nagano
President
Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited
    provisions for reserves for outstanding losses and claims decreased, as did underwriting reserves, and underwriting profit rose ¥0.7 billion, to ¥2.2 billion. As a result, net income rose ¥0.2 billion, to ¥1.9 billion.
  Merger of SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE and Sonpo 24
An agreement has been reached to merge Group direct marketing insurance company SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE with Sonpo 24, and this merger is scheduled to take place in July 2019 pending approval by the relevant authorities. The goal of the merger is to improve efficiency and profitability in the domestic P&C insurance business.
After the merger, SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE, the surviving company, will continue to provide highquality products and services, notably mainstay “Otona no Jidosha Hoken,” in accordance with its existing management policies, business strategies, and business model. In its ongoing role as the Group’s direct marketing insurance company, SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE will advance a concerted effort to offer comfort to customers in its quest to always be the insurance company they choose.
   As the Sompo Holdings Group’s defined contribution pension fund manager, we provide companies with bundled services covering everything related to the introduction through to the maintenance of defined contribution corporate pension plans, including supporting them in introducing systems and offering investment education and various types of information to participants (employees). We also provide individuals with comprehensive services pertaining to individual-type defined contribution pension plans (iDeCo) with the goal of being chosen by as many customers as possible.
Main Indicators
Assets under Management Balance
Number of Participants (Including Investment Instructors)
Sompo Risk Management & Health Care supports customers in their initiatives promoting security, health, and wellbeing by providing services and solutions such as company-wide Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), business continuity management and planning (BCM / BCP), health and productivity management support services, specific health guidance and health counseling, employee assistance programs, and cybersecurity measures, rolling out risk management services and healthcare services, and developing a cybersecurity business.
Establishment: Capital: Shareholder: Total assets: Head office:
URL:
May 1999
¥3.0 billion
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa (100%) ¥3.3 billion
Shinjuku Center Building, 25-1, Nishi-Shinjuku 1-chome, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
http://www.sjnk-dc.co.jp/
Shuichi Kita
President & Chief Executive Officer
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities Inc.
     March 31, 2015
  March 31, 2016
  March 31, 2017
  March 31, 2018
  ¥417.3 billion
225,000
¥430.7 billion
¥473.7 billion
 238,000 255,000
¥523.5 billion
286,000
Yasushi Fuse
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  Sompo Risk Management & Health Care Inc.
 Establishment: Capital: Shareholders: Head office:
URL:
November 1997
¥30.0 million
Sompo Holdings (100%)
24-1, Nishi-Shinjuku 1-chome, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo https://sompo-rc.co.jp/
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 49
 Business Strategy

 Domestic Life Insurance Business
 n Basic Strategies and Background
We expect Japan’s life insurance market to contract steadily as society ages. Competition is intensifying due to the digitalization and diversification of sales channels. However, annualized premiums from new business are increasing as we cater to demand stemming from a rise in the number of dual-income households; growth of the third-sector insurance products, which include medical insurance and cancer insurance; and an emerging need for disability insurance and dementia insurance. Further, the products and services of life insurance companies are diversifying, and they are beginning to market health-related products and services through the launch of health support products and other products and services. Since launching the health service brand Linkx (pronounced “link cross”) in September 2016, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance has been rolling out a varied range of health services. By helping us create direct links with customers and better understand them, Linkx health services will enable us to offer each customer the most suitable healthcare service or insurance product at the optimal time.
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance’s Policies in Force
Policies in force are increasing steadily
   Yasuhiro Oba
Domestic Life Insurance Business Owner Director (Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc.)
(10 Thousand)
500
400
300 200 100
0
328 348 372
392
404
     By offering new value as well as its existing
insurance products, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa
Himawari Life Insurance, Inc., is transforming
into a health support enterprise that aids
people in leading healthy lives. We aim to be
an insurance company that is the first choice
of customers and which helps them maintain
and improve their health. To this end, we will
provide “Insurhealth,” which integrates tradi-
tional insurance functions and health care 2,500 functions to offer new value.
2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
 2013 2014 2015
Note: Totals of individual insurance and individual annuities
Trend in annualized premiums from new business in Japan
Annualized premiums from new business trending upward
2016 2017 (FY)
 (Billions of yen)
  2,125.6 2,052.9
2013 2014
2,222.6 2,404.6 2,415.6
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
    50
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Note: Individual insurance only
Source: Trends in Life Insurance (fiscal 2017), the Life Insurance Association
of Japan
  
 n Progress of the Mid-Term Management Plan
We will seek to evolve into a health support enterprise by advancing our new growth strategy and rapidly improving productivity based on the concepts of breaking industry norms, adopting the customer’s standpoint, and becoming a familiar and trusted presence for customers.
  Advancing Our New Growth Strategy
Incorporating information and communication technology, we aim to increase the value offered to our customers and grow the number of customers by continuing to develop a companywide business model that unifies new services based on health with the products that incorporate these services, which will be provided by sales representatives who offer new value as they supply these products and services to customers.
Rapidly Improving Productivity
We aim to further increase our competitiveness by promoting health and productivity management and work-style reform while extensively reforming the fundamental elements of our operations—including products and services, sales and marketing systems, and operating rules—accelerating our operations, and rapidly improving productivity.
  KPI
(Billions of yen)
30.4
Adjusted Profit*
Assumed CAGR of about +6%
CAGR of +10%
Over 32.0
In fiscal 2017, due to steady growth in income from insurance premiums, it was ¥29.2 billion, outperforming our target of ¥28.0 billion.
In fiscal 2018, targeting at least ¥32.0 billion, we will realize the vision of the Mid-Term Management Plan.
      29.1 29.2
     2015
* For details about the definition of adjusted profit, please see page 35.
2016
2017 2018
The Mid-Term Management Plan sets targets for adjusted profit of ¥32.0 billion for the end of fiscal 2018 and ¥40.0 billion for the end of fiscal 2020. At the end of fiscal 2017, adjusted profit was ¥29.2 billion, reflecting a favorable trend. Further, for policies in force we have set targets of 4.2 million for the end of fiscal 2018 and 5.0 million for the end of
fiscal 2020.
At the end of fiscal 2017, there were 4.04 million policies in
n Main Future Initiatives
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance will provide new value by rolling out Insurhealth products, which integrate insurance with services that maintain and improve customers’ health. In April 2018, we launched our inaugural Insurhealth product, a renewed family income insurance product. This new offering is the first product to include health support services as well as riders covering disability income, psychiatric
force. Through the timely introduction of new products, we will achieve an increase in policies in force that is centered on high-margin products.
Based on the two overriding strategies of advancing the strategy for new growth and rapidly improving productivity, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance will expedite the evolution and improvement of its initiatives to realize the vision of the Mid-Term Management Plan.
disorders, and seven major diseases in the insurance industry. We plan to market further Insurhealth products. By continuing direct relationships with customers after policy enrollment and helping them maintain and improve their health, we will transform into a health support enterprise that aids people in leading healthy lives.
2020 (FY) (Forecast) (Vision)
Integrated Annual Report 2018 51
Business Strategy

Domestic Life Insurance Business
   The Launch of a Renewed Family Income Insurance Product
April 2018 saw the launch of our first Insurhealth product—a renewed family income insurance product—which combines health support and disability income insurance. The insurance industry’s first “Get Healthy Challenge!” program reduces the premiums of customers whose health improves within a certain period after enrollment. Moreover, the program provides customers with a reimbursement of the difference between the former and reduced premiums dating back to the time of policy enrollment.
Premiums are reduced by lowering the premium rate, if there are improvements in relation to a customer’s smoking or health that occur within a certain period after enrollment* and which meet the standards established by Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance.
* The discount is applicable if improvements occur during a three-year period that begins two years after the date of enrollment.
The renewed family income insurance product includes services designed to improve customers’ health. We provide Linkx Fit, which is a dedicated app for improving blood pressure and maintaining and lowering body mass index (BMI), and the Quit Smoking Line, a support service to help customers quit smoking.
   Premium rate at time of new policy enrollment
 Standard risk
 Outcome of “Get☆Healthy Challenge!”
 Healthy smoker
 Standard risk nonsmoker
 Healthy nonsmoker
 Premium rate at time of new policy enrollment
 Healthy smoker
 Standard risk nonsmoker
 Outcome of “Get☆Healthy Challenge!”
 Healthy nonsmoker
    Security & Wellbeing
Digital
 Introduction of AI for Insurance and Benefit Payment Services
In February 2018, we introduced AI in earnest to increase the efficiency of insurance and benefit payment services. For example, we have introduced a new system that uses the assessment and support capabilities of AI to conduct some of the assessment processes for insurance and benefit payments. As a result, one person can now conduct roughly 40% of the multiple checks that used to require at least two people. Also, we expect to shorten the lead time for insurance and benefit payments by approximately one day.
  Human Resources
Digital
 Development of AI-Enabled Support System for Face-to-Face Sales
In February 2018, we became the first company in the insurance industry to introduce AI for the analysis of customers’ responses and satisfaction levels in relation to sales activities. Interaction among customers, sales representatives, and AI will give us a better understanding of customers’ aspirations and enable us to conduct sales activities and consulting of the highest quality.
Life plan screen
Customer aspirations screen
  52 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
 
 n Company Outline
Performance Review
Income from insurance premiums rose ¥19.0 billion thanks to a steady increase in business in force, which resulted from fewer surrenders and more than compensated for a lowering of standard premiums in April 2017.
Amount of new business and annualized premiums from new business declined year on year. However, we recorded increases of 3.0% in policies
As of March 31, 2018
The domestic life insurance business is one with particularly high growth potential among the Sompo Holdings Group’s businesses, second only to the domestic P&C insurance business. Centered on health, we aim to provide our customers with new value.
In September 2016, we established health service brand Linkx, based on the concept of helping customers comfortably and enjoyably maintain good health.
Going forward, we will continue to think outside the box and establish this brand as a forerunner of security, health, and wellbeing.
in force and 3.6% in annualized premiums from business in force compared with the previous fiscal year-end. Amount of business in force edged down 0.9% from the previous fiscal year-end, to 22,¥125.8 billion. Income from insurance premiums increased 4.5% year on year, to ¥438.4 billion.
    (Billions of yen)
   FY2016
  FY2017
 22,325.5
22,125.8
357.6
370.4
2,434.1
1,484.0
50.2
35.8
419.5
438.4
2,589.0
 2,796.2
 843.4
873.6
 1,573.0
  1,513.1
     Amount of Business in Force
Annualized Premium from Business in Force
Amount of New Business
Annualized Premium from New Business Income from Insurance Premiums
Total Assets
Embedded Value
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio (%)
FY2013
20,245.5 308.5
2,635.0 30.4 372.8 2,120.2
750.3
1,583.2
FY2014
21,043.1 317.4
2,388.6 35.6 380.7 2,278.1
784.4
1,676.3
FY2015
21,642.1 332.8
2,240.3 40.3 396.4 2,438.0
767.8
1,771.4
    Notes: 1. Amount of new business, annualized premiums, policies in force, and amount of business in force are the sums of individual insurance and individual annuities. 2. Annualized premiums are the premiums for one year, which are calculated by dividing the total premium payments of policies by the durations of insurance.
Amount of Business in Force
Amount of New Business
(Billions of yen) 30,000
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen) 4,000
50.2
(Billions of yen) 50
35.8 40 30
 357.6
370.4
400 320 240 160
80
 24,000 18,000 12,000
6,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
30.4 2,635.0
35.6
308.5
20,245.5
317.4
332.8
40.3
          21,043.1 21,642.1 22,325.5 22,125.8
2,388.6 2,240.3 2,434.1
20
10
0000
1,484.0
  2013 2014 2015 2016
Amount of business in force (left scale)
Annualized premium from business in force (right scale)
2017 (FY)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
Amount of new business (left scale)
Annualized premium from new business (right scale)
Integrated Annual Report 2018 53
Business Strategy

 Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
    Company A
 ¥148.1 billion
 Sompo Care Group (both companies combined)
 ¥119.2 billion
 Company B
 ¥111.8 billion
 Company C
 ¥81.8 billion
 Former Sompo Care Message
 ¥77.9 billion
 Company D
 ¥45.5 billion
 Former Sompo Care Next
 ¥41.3 billion
 Company E
 ¥39.5 billion
Mikio Okumura
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business Owner Director, Managing Executive Officer (Chairman and Executive Officer of Sompo Care Inc.)
In July 2018, Sompo Care Inc., Sompo Care Next Inc., and the Group’s two other nursing care service companies were merged to form Sompo Care Inc., which offers a full lineup of nursing care services encompassing everything from at-home nursing care to facilitybased nursing care. Under a new Regional Headquarters System that divides Japan into four regions, this company will flexibly utilize human resources through increased personnel fluidity at the regional level. It will also make effective use of the Group’s management resources based on market needs and strategies to deliver nursing care services
of the highest quality.
n Basic Strategies and Background
The population in Japan is aging rapidly, and it can therefore be expected that the need for nursing care services in this country will continue to grow substantially in the future. At the same time, the gap between the supply and demand of labor for nursing care services is widening, and in 2025 there is anticipated to be a shortage of about 340,000 nursing care professionals. Meanwhile, there is a difference of around 10 years between the average life span in Japan and the so-called healthy life span during which people are living in good health. The resulting issues pertaining to caring for family members and concerns for post-retirement finances are adding to the various issues faced in Japan’s rapidly aging society.
Sompo Care seeks to help address these issues by enhancing education programs for the development of human resources, embracing ICT and digital technologies to improve productivity, and extending healthy life spans through the prevention of cognitive decline and other means. In the growing senior market, we thus provide services that contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of both customers that require care and those that do not and help resolve the issues faced by society in order to assist in making “Japan an affluent country that can boast to the world of a long and quality life.”
Sales of Listed Nursing Care Service Providers
1 2 3 4
5 6
Note: Prepared based on each company’s earnings presentation materials
  No. 2 scale of sales achieved by Sompo Care (combined total of former Sompo Care Message and Sompo Care Next)
Gap between Supply and Demand of Nursing Care Professionals
Shortage of approx. 340,000 nursing care professionals forecast in fiscal 2025
 (10 thousand people)
300 250 200 150 100
50 0
Shortage of 340,000 people
2017 2020 2025 Number of nursing care professionals needed Supply of nursing care professionals
(FY)
  216
245
 34 211
   208
203
 195
 54
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Note: Prepared based on “Estimates of Supply and Demand of Nursing Care Professionals Toward 2025” and “The number of long-term care workers necessary to implement the plan for the 7th Long-term Care Insurance Project” by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
  
 Average Life Span and Healthy Life Span
 (Age)
90
85
Difference of around 10 years between average life span and healthy life span
Male
(Age)
90
85 84.93
87.14
Female
80 78.07
78.64
80
75 72.65 72.69 73.36 73.62 74.21 74.79 70
65
75
70 69.40 69.47 70.33 70.42
71.19 72.14
65
2001 2004 2007 2010 2013 2016 (FY) Average life span Healthy life span
2001 2004 2007 2010 2013 2016 (FY)
79.19
79.55
80.21
80.98
85.59
85.99
86.30
86.61
  Note: Excerpt from materials of the 11th Healthy Japan 21 (Secondary) Promotion Committee of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
n Progress of the Mid-Term Management Plan
Since commencing full-fledged entry into the nursing care business in fiscal 2015, we have been prioritizing the establishment of the necessary business foundations and corporate governance structures. To this end, we have been developing internal control and compliance systems as well as service systems focused on safety and wellbeing.
We commenced integrated operations of Sompo Care Message and Sompo Care Next in fiscal 2017, working to improve quality and develop human resources as a united Sompo Care Group. These efforts led to increased facility occupancy rates and ultimately higher sales. As a result, adjusted profit in the nursing care & healthcare business reached ¥3.0 billion in fiscal 2017, a massive increase over the previous fiscal year.
In fiscal 2018, we anticipate adjusted profit of ¥4.3 billion in the nursing care & healthcare business as sales continue to rise on the back of increased facility occupancy rates and as the various measures for improving profit margins generate results.
Average life span
Healthy life span
    Sales of Sompo Care
(Billions of yen) 125
100 75 50 25 0
114.3 110.9
2015 2016 (Actual) (Actual)
119.2
123.2
Note: Figures for fiscal 2015–fiscal 2017 are the total of figures for the former Sompo Care Message and former Sompo Care Next.
4
 K P  I Adjusted Profit*
(Billions of yen)
Assumed CAGR of about +50%
Ongoing increase in nursing care facility occupancy rates, benefits of cost reductions, etc.
   1.5
(0.7)
Turn to profitability due to improvement in nursingcare facility occupancy rates
4.1
+ 46%
6.0 or more
 3.0 (2.3)
2015 2016
Nursing care & healthcare business
* For the definition of adjusted profit, please see page 35.
2020 (FY) (Vision)
2017 2018 (Forecast)
4.3
Asset management business, etc.
  KPI Occupancy Rate Performance and Forecasts
The benefits of enhanced governance, improved quality, and human resource development led to an upturn in occupancy rates that began in fiscal 2016 and has continued thereafter. We anticipate that rates will keep improving in fiscal 2018.
 (%)
95
90
85
80
75
70
2015
Mar. 31, 2017
87.4
84.4 80.1
Mar. 31, 2018
2018
91.0 88.8
(FY)
Mar. 31, 2019 (Forecasts)
91.7 93.5
  90.0 85.3
    30
3
Improvement in occupancy rates in conjunction with net increase in occupants
 2016
Sompo no Ie
2017
Sompo no Ie S
La vie Re
 2017 2018 (Actual) (Forecast)
(FY)
   Note: Occupancy rate = Occupants ÷ Maximum occupancy
Integrated Annual Report 2018 55
Business Strategy

Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
 n Main Future Initiatives
The nursing care & healthcare business will develop its operations throughout the senior market, which is centered on nursing care, with the goal of helping address a wide range of social issues in the nursing care field and in other areas. In this undertaking, we will step up collaboration between the
Intra-Group Coordination and Group Strengths
Company
Sompo Care
Sompo Holdings
        Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa
domestic P&C insurance and the domestic life insurance businesses to exercise the Group’s strengths while leveraging the insight of outside partners through means such as partnerships between public, private, and academic organizations.
Strengths
• Japan’s largest well of input from customers and on-site employees (800,000 users, 24,000 employees)
• Periodic assessments
• User data
• Approx. 20 million Group customers
• Sophisticated digital technologies
• Big data (nursing care + insurance)
• Nationwide network of physical contact points— approx. 60,000 agencies
• Face-to-face communication on a yearly basis
 56
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
n Employee Training
The quality Sompo Care seeks to deliver in its nursing care services is something that will need to be realized by enhancing the independence of users, which is the most fundamental mission of nursing care, while developing services that are matched to the needs of users. It is the people serving customers on-site who will be responsible for realizing this quality. At Sompo Care, we hold the Sompo Care Grand Prix Final, an annual forum for presenting information on on-site initiatives and other activities that is open to nursing care service sites across Japan. The goal of this forum is to share
Sompo Care Grand Prix Final
n Governance
1. System
In conjunction with the start of integrated operations in fiscal 2017, we bolstered risk management divisions and have been working to spread and entrench awareness of the importance of preventing the reoccurrence of accidents and other incidents affecting the entire company. Also, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance Committee has been set up as an advisory body to the Management Committee in order to help furnish responses to serious incidents pertaining to risk management at the Sompo Care Group and to discuss internal audit results and other internal control-related matters.
information on such activities throughout the organization and thereby increase the quality of our nursing care services.
We also hold annual cooking contests in which each site proposes meals they want to serve users and then prepares them for the competition. Furthermore, we strive to foster the ability of staff to determine the steps required to provide users with pleasing meals and communicate this need in concrete terms. By cultivating such skills, we aim to support the independence of users through food.
Cooking contest
2. Compliance
Sompo Care enacts compliance programs to systematically promote compliance, distributes compliance guidebooks to employees, conducts compliance training, and takes other steps to cultivate compliance knowledge and awareness.
In addition, internal and external reporting venues have been established as a whistleblower system. Reports are quickly investigated to determine the validity of their claims and the necessary response measures are put in place. Cards describing how to contact the venues are supplied to employees to ensure that they are aware of this system.
Nursing care
 Group
Life insurance
 P&C insurance
• Financing
• Incentives
  
   Introduction of the Regional Headquarters System
In April 2018, a new Regional Headquarters System was introduced in the nursing care business that will divide Japan into four regions consisting of 128 areas overseen by four headquarters (East Japan Headquarters, Tokyo Headquarters, Tokyo Metropolitan Area Headquarters, and West Japan Headquarters). The purpose of the new system is to provide optimal services by speedily addressing conditions and changes in each region and to thereby contribute to regional societies. Through this system, efforts will be made to flexibly utilize human resources through increased regional-level fluidity and to effectively harness the Group’s business resources based on market needs and strategies. At the same time, we will leverage the strengths of Sompo Care to provide a full lineup of nursing care services encompassing everything from at-home nursing care to facility-based nursing care with the aim of increasing convenience for customers.
Tokyo University of the Arts + Sompo Care Inc. Industry-Academia Collaboration
Launch of Artist in “Sompo no Ie S Ojikamiya”
Tokyo University of the Arts and Sompo Care launched the new Artist in “Sompo no Ie S Ojikamiya” project in May 2018. This project entails artists living together with senior citizens together in housing providing Sompo Care nursing care services. By encouraging a communal atmosphere between residents through art, this project aims to build new communities and relationships.
  From the perspective of combining art and social welfare, Tokyo University of the Arts and Sompo Care have been conducting the Diversity on the Arts Project (DOOR) since April 2017. Directed by Katsuhiko Hibino, Dean of The Faculty of Fine Arts at Tokyo University of the Arts, this project has the goal of training individuals who can help create a social environment in which diverse people can live together by spreading a broad spectrum of art throughout society. By having nursing care facility residents meet, interact, and collaborate with artists who have graduated from the DOOR program, we hope to help them experience new inter-personal connections and thereby improve their quality of life while promoting regional exchange.
n Company Outline
Effective July 1, 2018, the Group’s four nursing care service companies (Sompo Care Inc., Sompo Care Next Inc., Japan Care Service Corporation, and Planning Care Corporation) were merged to form Sompo Care Inc. The goal of this merger was to enable us to provide customers in various regions with a full lineup of top-quality nursing care services ranging from at-home nursing care to facility-based nursing care. Under the Regional Headquarters System, which divides Japan into four regions, we operate approximately 300 nursing homes providing long-term care, around 130 serviced residential complexes for senior citizens, and roughly 680 at-home nursing care service offices. This network has enabled us to grow to become No. 1 in the number of senior housing units.*
* Total number of housing units at fee-based nursing homes, serviced residential complexes for senior citizens, group homes, and other serviced residences
Residents interacting with artists
  Sompo Care Inc.
As of July 1, 2018
Ken Endo
 Establishment: Capital: Shareholders: Head office:
URL:
May 1997
¥3,925 million
Sompo Holdings (100%) Shinagawa Seaside East Tower, 12-8, Higashishinagawa 4-chome, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo https://www.sompocare.com/
 President Sompo Care Inc.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 57
 Business Strategy

 Overseas Insurance Business
 58 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
 With Sompo International established as our overseas platform for commercial business in developed markets, we are now focused on building a truly integrated platform for all overseas insurance business across both the retail and commercial sectors.
In the commercial business, we will expand our products and services by leveraging the high-quality underwriting and risk management expertise of Sompo International combined with the capital strength and extensive licensing network
of Sompo Holdings. Key initiatives in fiscal 2017 included the integration of Sompo’s U.S. and European operations and the launch of AgriSompo, an integrated global underwriting platform for agriculture business.
In the retail business, we are establishing a new platform and governance structure to facilitate the integration of our overseas operations under the oversight and management of Sompo International. This new platform will enable us to accelerate growth by sharing underwriting, technology, ERM (Enterprise Risk Management) and actuarial expertise to implement best practices worldwide and to develop new products and underwriting models.
Our overseas insurance business will operate under a consistent strategy and corporate governance united under the Sompo International brand while respecting the diversity and local customs of each operating country.
Overseas Insurance Vision
John R. Charman
Chairman & CEO
Sompo International Holdings Ltd.
Building an Integrated Platform for Overseas Insurance Business
   Sompo Holdings / Sompo Japan Nipponkoa
 Sompo International Holdings (SIH)
   Commercial Executive Team
SIH Board of Directors
Retail Executive Team
 • Overseas Companies
in Asian Region
• Sompo Japan Sigorta (Turkey) • Sompo Seguros (Brazil) etc.
 SI Operating Companies including former Endurance Sompo America and SJNK Europe
  
   n Global M&A Strategy
We continue to seek attractive M&A opportunities as we build scale and scope, positioning Sompo Holdings to be a global top 10 insurance company. With a disciplined M&A approach, our goal is to achieve further diversification across our commercial and retail platforms.
In fiscal 2017, we have successfully closed two transactions—A&A S.r.l., a leading specialty company in the Italian agriculture insurance market and Lexon Surety Group, a top 10 independent surety insurer in the United States.
Nigel Frudd
Managing Executive Officer Overseas Business Strategy
Chief Strategy Officer,
Sompo International Holdings Ltd.
 n Progress toward Building a Commercial Platform in Developed Countries
Development of the global commercial insurance platform achieved significant progress with the successful integration of the Sompo America Insurance Company and Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Company of Europe Limited (SJNKE) with Sompo International. This combined platform provides opportunities for Sompo to enhance the service quality to our overseas clients by introducing additional commercial specialty products and services to them.
In conjunction with the integration of SJNKE, we have established a new European insurance and reinsurance subsidiary in response to the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the European Union (Brexit). Europe is a strategic growth area and the new platform, based in Luxembourg, will ensure that we maintain our ability to effectively service clients in the
European Union, expand our presence and relevance with broader product offerings, and serve as a foundation for future growth and investment in the region. Sompo International also introduced the Global Clearance System, which has enabled commercial operating subsidiaries to underwrite based on standardized criteria regardless of the operating area, operating company, and IT system.
In response to these initiatives, S&P upgraded the financial strength ratings on Sompo International Holdings Ltd.’s core operating companies to ‘A+’ from ‘A’, attributing their action to Sompo International becoming core to Sompo Holdings as we build an integrated platform for our overseas insurance business.
    AgriSompo: Integrated Agricultural Insurance Platform
Sompo International is a leading global player in agriculture (re)insurance, delivering innovative agricultural risk management solutions to farmers and agricultural insurers and agri-businesses.
In November 2017, we launched AgriSompo, a new global platform which will capitalize on the extensive specialty agriculture resources, market leading technology and underwriting expertise of Sompo International, coupled with the extensive licenses, distribution networks, and client relationships of the Sompo Holdings Group.
Through AgriSompo, we will expand into additional emerging agriculture insurance markets with significant growth potential.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 59
Business Strategy

Overseas Insurance Business
 n Business Initiatives
Through disciplined M&A activities, steady organic growth and
effective PMI, Sompo overseas insurance business has grown tenfold over the last seven years, (from fiscal 2010, ¥64.3 billion to fiscal 2017, ¥645.2 billion).
The adjusted profit of our overseas insurance business represented only 7% of our consolidated profit in fiscal 2010 while this year (fiscal 2017), the first year including Sompo International, our overseas insurance business contributed 27% of our group profit. We are targeting around 40% contribution to consolidated profit in the future, reflecting aggressive growth plans.
The key initiatives for our overseas insurance business are (1) to build a truly integrated global platform for all our business around the globe, (2) to further strengthen the capability of our existing entities to maintain steady growth for corporate, specialty business and retail business, (3) to seek both transactional and strategic M&A opportunities to further diversify our business across geographies and business lines.
n Sompo Global Summit
Our annual Sompo Global Summit conference is a forum for our Group CEO Sakurada, executive officers in charge of overseas insurance business, and the CEOs of our operating subsidiaries to discuss our overseas strategy.
The summit held in February 2018 focused on reaching agreement to transform our overseas insurance business by
Transformation of Net Premiums Written
More than 10-fold rise in net premiums written over 7 years
 Emerging countries ¥189.4 billion
Developed countries ¥7.0 billion
2010
Net Premiums Written ¥64.3 billion
Emerging countries ¥57.2 billion
2017
Net Premiums Written ¥645.2 billion
Developed countries ¥455.7 billion
  Note: Figures for net premiums written reflect the Company’s percentage of ownership of consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates. In the consolidated financial statements, figures for net premiums written are calculated based on different criteria.
Major Overseas M&A
 2010
Tenet (Singapore)
¥6.4 billion
2010
Sigorta (Turkey)
¥27.4 billion
2011
Berjaya (Malaysia)
¥17.0 billion
2013
Maritima (Brazil)
¥25.1 billion
2014
Canopius Group (U.K.) (divested in 2017)
¥104.7 billion
2017
Endurance Specialty Holdings (U.S., Bermuda)
¥683.1 billion
building a platform for retail business to complement Sompo International’s strong commercial business platform. This will enable us to significantly expand our overseas insurance business and achieve our transformation goals.
           60
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

  Junichi Tanaka
Overseas Insurance Business Owner Director, Managing Executive Officer
Driven by the rapid increase in middle class population and GDP in emerging markets, the global insurance market is growing steadily. Innovative products based on the latest digital technologies and specialized underwriting expertise for new risks such as Cyber and Network Security are also driving demand in developed countries.
In fiscal 2017, the global insurance market experienced large losses due to a number of natural catastrophes including several major hurricanes in North America, resulting in rate hardening in select markets.
n Progress of the Mid-Term Management Plan
The Mid-Term Management Plan is the initial step to becoming a top 10 global listed insurance company in the near future,
in terms of size and capital efficiency.
We have acquired a number of companies in emerging markets since 2010 which have enabled us to expand our footprint into profitable new retail markets. In 2017, the acquisition of Endurance (re-branded immediately to Sompo International) has enabled Sompo to dramatically expand our global corporate and specialty line business and also significantly enhanced the size and quality of our overall global business.
In fiscal 2017, the second year of the Mid-Term Management Plan, our overseas insurance business was impacted by natural catastrophes including three major North America hurricanes from August to September. As a result, adjusted profit was ¥44 billion compared to the target of ¥63.1 billion.
In fiscal 2018, we are forecasting ¥63 billion in adjusted profit by further growing premiums and enhancing profitability across our corporate P&C and specialty and retail businesses.
By building a truly integrated global platform under Sompo International, we are targeting to deliver ¥100 billion of adjusted profit in the future.
 With the introduction of Insurtech (technology-based new products and services) disrupting traditional models, the global insurance market is changing at an unprecedented speed. Sompo is leading the industry in research and investment in digital solutions in line with our commitment to enhance the quality and breadth of our product and service offerings to meet the diversified needs of our customers.
   KPI Adjusted Profit*
(Billions of yen)
Assumed CAGR of about +30%
  Expecting to reach target Lower income tax expenses through earnings growth
due to Sompo International reorganization offset by North American hurricanes
of Sompo International
+43%
Over 63 44.0
     18.7
19.9
 2017 2018
* For details about the definition of adjusted profit, please see page 35.
2015 2016
2020 (FY) (Forecast) (Vision)
Integrated Annual Report 2018 61
Business Strategy

 fficial-logomark_en_type-b_1-line_basic_posi
Overseas Insurance Business
Global Expansion
Sompo Holdings (Asia) is an intermediate holding company in charge of South Asian businesses and manages overseas bases in 10 countries, including Singapore, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
By planning cross-regional measures such as bancassurance at CIMB Group, a major banking group of the ASEAN region, we aim to expand our businesses in this fast-growing region.
Yuji Kawauchi
President, Managing Director Sompo Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
Sompo Japan Sigorta is the only P&C insurance company from Asia in Turkey and recorded the sixth largest sales (gross premiums) and the second largest underwriting profit in the market in 2017. With its IT expertise in insurance pricing, Sompo Japan Sigorta is developing superior marketing strategies and expanding its earnings.
Recai Dalas
Director, CEO
Sompo Japan Sigorta Anonim Sirketi
218 cities in
                    Established in 2014 through the merger of Maritima Seguros (incorporated in 1943) and Yasuda Seguros (in 1959), Sompo Seguros is an insurance company that provides both P&C and life insurance in Brazil. By offering extensive product lines and strengthening its sales network, Sompo Seguros is expanding in the retail and corporate markets.
Since its renaming in July 2016, Sompo Seguros has been strengthening the SOMPO brand in Brazil.
Francisco Caiuby Vidigal Filho
President
Sompo Seguros S.A.
  62
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
 o

           30 countries and regions (As of March 31, 2018)
          Premiums Written*1 and Adjusted Profit*2 by Region*3
Sompo International is a global specialty provider of commercial P&C insurance and reinsurance, currently comprised of the operations of legacy Endurance (acquired in March 2017), Sompo America and SJNKE. Servicing clients globally with a wide range of commercial property, liability, agriculture and specialty products, Sompo International’s operating platform across North America and Europe will lead the strategic expansion of Sompo’s overseas commercial and retail business.
John A. Kuhn
Chief Underwriting Officer
Sompo International Holdings Ltd.
   North America and Europe
Asia & Middle East
South America
  50.5
2018 (Forecast)
11.1
9.9
        10.9
(Billions
of yen) 155.4
2016 (Actual)
Premiums written
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
30.6
455.7
 400.1
6.3
96.6
90.6
94.8
2.5
99.6
2.2
98.7
2.2
96.6
   Main Operating Companies
(based on head office location)
• Sompo International Holdings Ltd.
• Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd. • Sompo America Insurance Company • Endurance Worldwide Insurance Ltd. • SI Insurance (Europe), SA
Main Operating Companies
(based on head office location)
• Sompo Japan Sigorta Anonim Sirketi
• Sompo Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
• Sompo Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd.
• Berjaya Sompo Insurance Berhad
• PT Sompo Insurance Indonesia
• Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Ltd. • Sompo Insurance China Co., Ltd.
• Sompo Insurance (Hong Kong) Company Ltd.
Main Operating Companies (based on head office location) • Sompo Seguros S.A.
• Sompo Saude Seguros S.A.
2017 (Actual)
(FY)
2016 (Actual)
2017 (Actual)
2018 (Forecast)
(FY)
2016 (Actual)
2017 (Actual)
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
Adjusted profit
Premiums written
Adjusted profit
Premiums written
Adjusted profit
*1 Amounts for premiums written are calculated using figures that have been adjusted based on the Company’s ownership of consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates and, therefore, may differ from the amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Further, the figures for operating company groups that conduct businesses in multiple regions have been included in the figures of the region that has the largest earnings.
*2 For details about the definition of adjusted profit, please see page 35. Further, the figures for operating company groups that conduct businesses in multiple regions have been included in the figures of the region that has the largest earnings.
*3 Premiums written and adjusted profit do not include figures of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa’s representative offices in countries such as Russia and South Africa.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 63
Business Strategy

 Overseas Insurance Business
   Security & Wellbeing
Digital
 Alliance with China’s Largest Internet Insurance Company—
Joint Development of Overseas Travel Insurance for Travelers Visiting Japan
Sompo Insurance China, a member of the Sompo Holdings Group, concluded an alliance with ZhongAn Online P&C Insurance Co., Ltd. (ZhongAn Insurance) in June 2017 to jointly develop overseas travel insurance products for Chinese travelers visiting Japan.
ZhongAn Insurance was established through investment by leading Chinese IT firms, such as Alibaba Group Holding Limited and Tencent Holdings Limited., as China’s first purely Internet-based insurance company.
The new initiative will enable us to provide the highest-quality services that
contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of customers through ZhongAn
Insurance’s advanced insurance service based on its digital technologies and its brand power as well as the Sompo Holdings Group’s network of medical institutions and medical interpreting services.
  64
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Security &
 Wellbeing
Cross-Border Automobile Accident Response Service Launched in the Greater Mekong Subregion
Sompo Insurance (Thailand), a member of the Sompo Holdings Group, started providing a cross-border automobile accident response service from September 2017 across the Thailand border in the Greater Mekong Subregion, covering Malaysia, Cambodia, Myanmar, and Laos.
The new service operates in the local language, Thai, and English and rapidly dispatches personnel to accident scenes. Through its cross-border accident response service, the Sompo Holdings Group will meet the needs of customers with businesses in the Greater Mekong Subregion and contribute to the development of the area.
   T Security & OPICS
Digital
Sompo Japan Sigorta (Turkey) Won Celent Award For Mobile Device Application
Sompo Japan Sigorta, a member of the Sompo Holdings Group, received an award from Celent, a U.S. financial consulting firm, for a mobile device application developed for agencies. This award is an international award that Celent presents in recognition of excellent IT initiatives.
The application manages all contract management processes, from providing quotations to issuing policies. It also offers many other functions, such as providing claim information and training programs for agencies.
Approximately 90% of Sompo Japan Sigorta’s agencies already use the mobile application, thanks to which these agencies can work anytime and anywhere.
We will continue to provide high-quality services through IT-enabled innovation.
 Wellbeing
 
 Strategic Businesses
 n Company Outline
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd., aims to be the
most customer-oriented asset management company in Japan. This company proposes and provides top-caliber products and asset management services to assist customers in building asset portfolios over the medium-to-long term. Such offerings are made available through its investment advisory business geared toward pension funds and other institutional investors and through its investment trust business designed primarily for private investors.
As of March 31, 2018
Hiroyuki Yamaguchi
President and
Chief Executive Officer
736.3 676.2
1,332.3 1,557.3
2015 2016 2017 Pension investment discretionary account
Our strategic businesses include assisting customers with building asset portfolios through the asset management business and providing policyholders with roadside assistance service through the assistance business. We are also advancing into the home remodeling and extended warranty business fields. Through these businesses, we pursue inter-business coordination that is intrinsically related to our domestic P&C insurance business and other main businesses.
 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd.
 Establishment: Capital: Shareholder: Head office:
URL:
February 1986
¥1,550.0 million
Sompo Holdings (100%)
Kyoritsu Nihonbashi Building, 2-16, Nihonbashi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo http://www.sjnk-am.co.jp/
  In March 2016, the company established and released a Declaration (Billions of yen) of Customer-First Policy. The company will realize customer-oriented 2,500 business conduct by accomplishing the three principal achievements of
the declaration.
Assets under Management
In fiscal 2017, assets under management increased year on year for the 1,500
second consecutive year as major investors steadily entrusted the company
with new assets to manage. On March 31, 2018, the company’s assets 1,000
under management consisted of ¥1,557.3 billion in a pension investment 513.4 discretionary account and ¥736.3 billion in investment trust net assets. 500
704.9
2,000
   608.1
861.4
1,080.8
677.8
 Declaration of Customer-First Policy
Vision for the Company
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd., strives to be the most customer-oriented asset management company in Japan by proposing and providing top-caliber products and asset management services that aid customers in building asset portfolios over the medium-to-long term.
Three Principal Achievements
Our fiduciary duty is our responsibility to put our clients first as asset management professionals. To implement this management philosophy, we seek to accomplish the following three principal achievements.
1. Realization of asset management capabilities that support customers’ asset portfolios
2. Provision of products and services that truly incorporate the customer’s perspective
3. Reinforcement of the corporate systems and operating infrastructure necessary to realize the above
UCDA Award 2017
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management’s Sompo Japan Green Open prospectus received the Clear Information Award in the investment trusts category of the UCDA Awards 2017, which is hosted by the Universal Communication Design Association (UCDA).
0
2013
2014
(FY)
  Investment trust net assets
  Sompo Japan Green Open
This is a socially responsible investment (SRI) fund focused on investment in companies that actively address environmental issues.
The fund is one of the largest publicly offered SRI investment trust funds
in Japan.
  “Happy Aging Fund"
In April 2018, our mutual fund, Happy Aging 60, received the first prize of Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)’s R&I Fund Award for the fourth consecutive year.
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 65
   Business Strategy

Strategic Businesses
  As a general remodeling firm, the company aims to eliminate uneasiness, inconvenience, and discomfort through high-quality remodeling services, providing homes in which residents can live safely, comfortably, and with peace of mind.
As a professional extended warranty company, Sompo Warranty Inc. seeks to create a society in which consumers can use any product safely and with peace of mind. Based on lofty ethical standards, this company develops, provides, and operates reliable warranty programs in a wide variety of product categories.
Establishment: Capital: Shareholder:
Head office: URL:
July 1995
¥100.0 million
Sompo Holdings (66%)
Other (34%)
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Bentendoori Building, 57, Bentendoori 4-chome, Naka-ku, Yokohama City, Kanagawa https://freshhouse.co.jp/
Prime Assistance Inc.
 Through its assistance business, which provides roadside and home assistance as well as assistance in solving problems and inconveniences overseas, the company offers services of the highest grade 24 hours a day, 365 days a year that support the security and wellbeing of customers in their daily lives.
Establishment: Capital: Shareholder:
Head office: URL:
April 2012
¥450.0 million
Sompo Holdings (66.6%)
Prestige International (33.4%)
Harmony Tower, 32-2, Honcho 1-chome, Nakano-ku, Tokyo http://www.prime-as.com/
 FRESHHOUSE CO., LTD.
Hiroyuki Tokuoka
President and
Chief Executive Officer
     Shuu Nakamura
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  66
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Launch of “Call-Less” Roadside Assistance Service
In April 2018, we launched “Call-Less Service Delivery,” which allows customers to request roadside assistance through their smartphones without talking to an operator. For example, if their vehicle’s battery dies on a public highway or in a parking lot, policyholders can simply use their smartphones to register their location via a dedicated website and rapidly receive roadside assistance. Our services of unsurpassed quality will continue assisting customers and society.
 Utilization of Leading-Edge Technologies in Home Remodeling
Since October 2016, we have been using wearable terminals (smart glasses) for the investigation of fire insurance claims to homogenize service quality and expedite fire insurance payments. In May 2018, we began using drones to diagnose buildings rapidly and with a high degree of precision. Aiming to enhance our reputation among customers even further through the provision of high-quality home remodeling services, we will continue exploiting ICT and digital technologies.
 Sompo Warranty Inc.
 Establishment: Capital: Shareholder: Head office:
URL:
August 2009
¥95.0 million
Sompo Holdings (100%)
12th Flr., Marunouchi Trust Tower Main, 8-3, Marunouchi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan https://www.sompo-swt.com/
 Kyu Tamura
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  Development of the Home Equipment Warranty Business in Earnest
In the home-related business field, which includes home equipment and gas equipment, there is a growing need for extended warranty systems. Therefore, we are accelerating the development of the home equipment warranty business, which is likely to see market expansion. In conjunction with our current mainstay business for home electronics extended warranties, we will provide services that cater to the needs of various companies.
 
   Group Management Foundation
Integrated Annual Report 2018 67
   
 HR Strategy
   Satoshi Kasai
Group CHRO Managing Executive Officer
The Sompo Holdings Group is growing through Group-wide human resource measures that capitalize on the expertise and experience of its diverse approximately 80,000-strong workforce, which comprises employees with different nationalities, genders, experience, and ages. In an era of volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA), diversity of human resources is the driving force of business development for the future. Under the slogan “Diversity for Growth,” we aim to become a corporate group in which a diverse array of people can play active roles.
n Group HR Strategy
In this era of VUCA, it is crucial to generate new ideas without getting caught up in past practices and to make rapid decisions in regard to the challenges we face.
Given such conditions, the most important human resource strategy for the Group is to ensure that its business management benefits from the expertise and experience of a diverse approximately 80,000-strong workforce, which consists of employees with different nationalities, genders, experience, and ages.
The human resource strategy that we have been implementing in earnest since 2015 is laterally unifying human resource management, which we used to conduct on a country or business basis. We will become a corporate group in which—regardless of nationality, gender, experience, or age—talented personnel can contribute in a range of fields on a Group-wide basis.
To benefit from the contributions of diverse personnel, we have built a human resource platform for the Group-wide management of a variety of human resource information and systems. This effort has made all of the key positions in the Group visible, established common evaluation criteria, and made human resource information accessible through a new human resource system. The Group will utilize this platform to find talented personnel who can perform across organizational boundaries within the Group. We will then encourage further growth by extending the scope of their work through appropriate and timely assignments to positions straddling countries or businesses. In this way, we will become a corporate group that empowers talented personnel.
  Growth of the Group
  Maximization of Human Capital in the Group
  Transform into an organization enabling human capital with high-level expertise to exercise their strengths
Expertise
Promote diversity by ensuring appropriate assignments and compensation based on market value
Market Value
 Diversity in human resources is a driving force for our business
Diversity
68
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
n Diversity
To become a group where diverse human resources with different nationalities, genders, types of experience, and ages can leverage their strengths, we are proactively promoting diversity in management, personnel exchange among Group
  
  companies, and the empowerment of female employees.
To promote diverse management, we have appointed two
female outside directors and one Audit & Supervisory Board member. Moreover, we have assigned executives from outside of the Group, including a non-Japanese executive director who is an expert in law and has extensive experience of M&A in the insurance industry and an executive director who has expertise in the IT and digital fields. Further, in fiscal 2017 we decided to consolidate all overseas businesses under the leadership of John R. Charman, who is the Chairman and CEO of Sompo International Holdings Ltd. (formerly Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.), a new member of the Group. These appointments are a testament to the Group’s approach of assigning important positions to the best personnel for its businesses regardless of nationality.
We are active not only in relocating personnel among domestic Group companies but also in promoting personnel exchange with overseas Group companies. Previously, we only dispatched employees in one direction—sending Japanese
n Development of Globally Competent Leaders
In order to develop human resources capable of leading our Group’s future management on a global basis, we provide training for selected employees in each rank.
We provide a training program for young employees: the Overseas Short-Term Training Program, MBA programs in Japan and overseas, and the in-house SOMPO Global University (SOMPO GU), which operates in partnership with the National University of Singapore Business School. Established in October 2012, the aim of SOMPO GU is the acquisition of management knowledge and the facilitation of experience of collaborating with a variety of people. The program includes not only classroom training but also emphasizes practical training through the ALP (Action Learning Project), through which trainees propose solutions to challenges given by CEOs from around the world.
Since its establishment through fiscal 2018, a total of 140 people from 15 countries have participated in this program. On a Group-wide basis, we are fostering globally competent human resources who, regardless of nationality, have
employees from Japan to overseas Group companies. Now, however, we assign personnel from overseas Group companies to various divisions in Japan through the Group Exchange Program, which we launched in fiscal 2014. Through the end of fiscal 2017, a total of 45 employees from overseas Group companies had worked in various divisions in Japan and contributed to the globalization of our headquarters in the country.
Further, we aim to have female employees account for 30% of management positions by the end of fiscal 2020. To this end, we have, among other initiatives, created a female manager development program, the Business Management School for Women, and also actively promote female employees to management positions. These initiatives have earned favorable recognition from various quarters: the Group has received the Prime Minister’s Award to Commend Leading Companies Where Women Shine and been designated as a Nadeshiko Brand. We are stepping up efforts to increase gender diversity. For example, in March 2018 we established an in-house day-care center for children, SOMPO KIDS PARK.
broadened their perspectives through discussions with diverse personnel and acquired fundamental business management knowledge. For middle-ranking employees, we established the Global Leadership Program in fiscal 2017. Aiming to cultivate broader viewpoints befitting future managers, the program includes discussions with the Group’s CEO. Moreover, we conduct all parts of the program that are focused on liberal arts and case studies in English. Further, we plan to establish the GEP (Global Executive Program) for senior employees during the current fiscal year.
 Using the personnel that we have fostered, we will continue to allocate the right people to the right positions at the right time to enhance Group-wide competitiveness.
SOMPO Global University course held in 2018 ; Participants numbered 21, from 10 countries
The founding members of SOMPO Challenged
     As part of efforts to realize an environment in which those with disabilities can use their talents while working, we established SOMPO Challenged Inc. in April 2018. Through the new company, we will create workplaces that give more people with disabilities a real sense of job satisfaction and growth.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 69
Group Management Foundation

 Digital Strategy
   70
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Koichi Narasaki
Group CDO Managing Executive Officer
If new technologies threaten to destroy our business, it would be better to destroy and then rebuild it ourselves. This belief drives us to promote digital innovation across the Group. Accordingly, we are pursuing Group-wide innovation by leveraging the power of digital technologies—one of the Group’s core competencies—with the aim of creating new customer experiences.
n Four Important Themes for Utilizing Digital Technologies
In our digital strategy, we aim to intensively and dynamically utilize digital technologies, which are evolving at an exponential speed, in Group operations. The evolution of technologies could bring about changes dramatically not only in the business processes of insurance companies but also in customers, business models, and the environment. We have set four goals for our digital strategy.
1. Business Efficiency in All Segments
Utilize artificial intelligence (AI) and other new technologies to raise productivity and efficiency
2. Enhancement of Customer Contacts
Develop products and services that enhance customer experiences by utilizing the Internet of Things (IoT)
3. Marketing for Digital Native Generation
Develop products and services that will be chosen by the so-called digital natives
4. New Business Models Utilizing Digital Technologies
Create new business models based on digital technologies
n Initiative Results
The Sompo Holdings Group is actively conducting verification tests and proof-of-concept trials regarding digital technologies. These efforts enabled us to implement the “AI Voice Recognition System” at the insurance service bases of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa in fiscal 2017. In addition, we have introduced AI technologies for providing swift and highly satisfying responses to various inquiries, such as the Oshiete! SOMPO service that responds to questions from sales branches to back-office divisions. We are also introducing insurance underwriting automation and other services that contribute to business efficiency. At the same time, we are providing various products and services that create more valuable customer experiences through the use of Internet of Things (IoT) devices. One such offering would be DRIVING! Living with a Car, a service that utilizes driving monitors equipped with functions supporting safe driving. Of the 42 proof-of-concept trials we have undertaken so far, 10 have been transformed into actual services at Group companies, two of which are currently in the full-fledged development stage. Moreover, we entered into the cybersecurity business in January 2018. We were able to embark on this new journey thanks to the successes of the new business model R&D activities we have advanced thus far.
  
  SOMPO Digital Lab
     Collaboration
SOMPO Digital Lab Tokyo
This facility serves as the control tower for promoting Group innovation, supporting research and development for each
of the Group’s businesses.
  SOMPO Digital Lab Silicon Valley
This lab gathers information related to state-of-the-art digital technologies in Silicon Valley in the United States and works to build networks with prominent local companies.
Collaboration
SOMPO Digital Lab Israel
This establishment collects information on cutting-edge technologies and fosters networks through means such as seeking out partners to help the Group protect customers from the threat of ever-more sophisticated cyberattacks.
   Collaboration
   Adoption of Sophisticated Technologies and Construction of Edge AI Center
We are increasingly seeing IoT technologies being utilized in various fields and industries to accumulate big data comprising sensor, voice, video, and other data so that this big data can be analyzed through AI technologies and then put to use in business activities. However, this trend is creating massive increases in the amounts of data collected and the computing resources required to analyze said data. Accordingly, there is a rising need to develop optimal systems and network architecture in order to minimize the burden of such analyses on networks and to prevent processing delays. At the Sompo Holdings Group, we have developed a cloud server that enables joint storage of data from Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation and Sompo Systems Inc. We have also constructed an AI center,
known as the Edge AI Center, for processing data via AI technologies with minimal network burden and delays.
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa has already developed and released a service that is provided through this AI center. Named Kasha-Raku Mitsumori, this application can seamlessly perform procedures spanning from the preparation of insurance estimates to contracting on a paperless basis. The application functions by automatically reading the automobile insurance policies and maintenance vouchers of customers from photographs taken using tablet cameras and then sending this information to our insurance premium calculation system.
Development of Proprietary AI System Using Voice Big Data
In February 2018, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa introduced the “AI Voice Recognition System” at the approximately 10,000 desks of its roughly 300 insurance service bases located throughout Japan. Use of this system is anticipated to help us improve the quality of our insurance services while also increasing work efficiency. Furthermore, the data collected through this system will be used in research of an AI model for providing customer service of impeccable quality. This model will merge the superior phone response skills of our employees with the algorithms we have made by compiling the shared characteristics of high-level responses based on big data analysis of past call records.
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 71
Group Management Foundation

 IT Governance
       Masahiro Hamada
Group CIO Director, Managing Executive Officer
We will establish competitive edges in each business that help improve the corporate value of the entire Group by building a consistent governance system at home and abroad, properly addressing ever-growing cyber risks, and utilizing rapidly advancing digital technologies.
n Business Value Creation through IT
The Group’s IT strategy involves optimally controlling system costs and risks and building IT systems that contribute to achieving the management goals of each business.
Building on the achievements of past initiatives, we are taking on the following four challenges in order to improve corporate value across the entire Group more than ever, by supporting new business development.
1. Improve and Redesign the IT Governance Framework
Evolving the IT systems of Group companies requires processes based on the regulations of each country and industry in which we operate. Sompo has created an IT governance framework by advancing development, including other management processes, in line with international standards while complying with relevant regulations.
Aiming to maintain and improve this framework, we will work on improving and redesigning it along with updates to the governance system for the entire Group.
2. Enhance Responsiveness to Cyber Risks
We have set up Sompo Holdings CSIRT* to respond to evergrowing cyber risks by enhancing the alertness of each Group company and collecting and sharing external information.
In the event of a cyber incident, we will support Group companies respond to the identified cyber incident.
Sompo aims to increase the sophistication of its responses to cyber incidents by utilizing the latest technologies while collecting and sharing key information.
* Computer Security Incident Response Team (see page 89 for details)
3. Advance Digitalization
While coordinating with the Group chief digital officer (CDO), we are moving our digital strategy forward by reinforcing the IT departments of each Group company and assisting them with changes to their system architectures, with the aim of having a meaningful impact on the operations of Group companies through advanced digital technologies.
4. Optimize IT Investments
We will train and optimally assign IT personnel throughout the Group while aiming to generate synergies through the commonization of systems and the joint procurement of hardware and software. By optimizing IT investments, we aim to reduce system costs and risks while increasing the corporate value of each business and the Group as a whole.
Establish competitive edges and increase corporate value
  72
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
IT strategy
Build systems that help businesses achieve their management objectives
  IT governance
 Enhance responsiveness to cyber risks
 Advance digitalization
 Optimize IT investments
  
 Brand Strategy
  n Initiatives to Increase Brand Value
In order for the Sompo Holdings Group to realize a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers,” it must have a brand strategy that improves awareness and associates the Group with the “security, health, and wellbeing of customers,” by having as many customers as possible experience the products and services provided by each business.
After changing our name to Sompo Holdings in October 2016, we have worked hard to increase recognition of our brand by imbuing it with a sense of unity and consistency as a group for our employees, customers, and society as a whole.
In order to enhance the value of our brand further, we believe it is necessary to increase the dissemination of information after strengthening the linkage of Sompo to each business and product brand. With this in mind, we are quickly coordinating initiatives with Group companies around the world and creating a system for disseminating information in countries across the globe.
Recognition of the Sompo Holdings Company Name
 (%) 55
50 45 40 35 30
47.9 45.7
53.1 48.2
  Kiyoshi Aoki
Group CBO Executive Officer
Our brand strategy aims to nurture a brand that brings to mind a “theme park for the security, health and wellbeing of customers” whenever the Sompo name is heard. By instilling a corporate culture in the Group that places importance on brands, we are making concerted efforts to enhance the value of the SOMPO brand and help improve earnings in each business. As the transformation of the Group progresses, we aim to increase corporate value by spreading the SOMPO brand and strengthening collaboration among our businesses around the world.
41.7 38.6 38.6
2016.12 2017.3 2017.6
2017.9 2017.12 2018.3
2018.6
  Note: Based on an external survey commissioned by the Company
Brand value
 Fiscal 2016
   $370 million (#35)
   Fiscal 2017
  $409 million (#27)
  Note: Brand value and rankings are based on a survey conducted by Interbrand Japan. Reprinted from Interbrand’s Japan’s Best Domestic Brands 2018 (companies with overseas sales ratios under 30%)
In addition to non-financial information, we have been disclosing information on Group strategies that create value by solving social issues through our transformation into a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers,” while aligning them to a constant awareness of social issues and changes in the global environment, such as those defined by the SDGs and ESG.
Note: See page 38 for details about ESG initiatives.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 73
  Group Management Foundation

 Strategic Risk Management (ERM)
   74
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Masato Fujikura
Group CRO Director, Managing Executive Officer
The Sompo Holdings Group utilizes Strategic Risk Management (ERM) as a compass to guide the Group in building a “theme park for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers.” In response to increasingly diversified and complicated risks, we will continue to enhance Strategic Risk Management to increase corporate value.
n Strategic Risk Management (ERM)
1. Strategic Risk Management in Business Activities
As risks become more diversified and complex, insurance companies are required to strategically utilize risk management in business decisions, rather than just taking a conventional passive approach. The Sompo Holdings Group utilizes Strategic Risk Management as a management process for increasing corporate value while achieving a balance between capital, risks, and returns, which is also referred to as “Enterprise Risk Management.” There are two aspects of this Strategic Risk Management; one is proactive management that contributes to the execution of strategies and the other is protective management for controlling risks.
Strategic Risk Management is not only to be promoted by management. We recognize that ideal Strategic Risk Management can be accomplished only if all the frontline employees practice Strategic Risk Management in their day-to-day work in respective fields. Accordingly, we will continue efforts to cultivate a Group-wide risk culture that will support such risk awareness.
(1) Proactive Risk Management in Business Decisions
The most noteworthy example of proactive risk management can be seen in our business planning framework. We have established the “Group Risk Appetite Statement,” which serves as a guideline for risk-taking. We have constructed and implemented a PDCA cycle (an iterative four-step management plan-do-check-act cycle) for Strategic Risk Management to operate our business. Each business unit formulates a business plan in accordance with the “Group Risk Appetite Statement.” The Group analyzes quantitative indicators, such as Group-wide capital efficiency (ROE), financial soundness (ESR), and return on risk (ROR), and uses this information to determine the optimal business plan from a Group-wide perspective and to allocate capital accordingly.
Indicators such as ROE, ESR, and ROR are also used when making decisions regarding individual strategies in order to help the Group maintain financial soundness and enhance profitability. These indicators are also utilized in the operations of specific businesses and divisions. We thereby endeavor to embed Strategic Risk Management as a Group-wide practice that goes beyond risk management divisions to contribute to the enhancement of corporate value.
(2) Protective Risk Control System
The Sompo Holdings Group has developed a robust risk control system that incorporates both qualitative and quantitative elements in order to minimize unforeseen losses in its operations. ESR is a particularly important indicator for protective risk control as we quantitatively measure the potential impact of various risks on ESR to ensure financial soundness.
  
     Proactive
PDCA Cycle of Strategic Risk Management
 Risk Appetite Principles
ROR(Return on Risk) Indicator of return on risk
Return Risk
ESR(Economic Solvency Ratio) Indicator of financial soundness
 The Group aims to:
1. Become a globally competitive group and maximize corporate value by controlling the balance between capital, return, and risk appropriately, improving capital efficiency, and expanding Group profit
2. Enhance the profitability of the domestic P&C insurance business and actively take risks in growth areas, namely the domestic life insurance business, the nursing care & healthcare business, and the overseas insurance business
3. Secure competitiveness among global insurers by maintaining financial soundness with a target credit rating of AA
4. Maintain a stable return and target adjusted consolidated profit of around ¥300 billion and adjusted consolidated ROE of 10% or more to ensure the Group’s sustainable growth
ROR =
 Utilized in making management decisions
   ESR =
Risk
180%
Capital 250%
    Risk-Taking Strategy
Specific directives for risk-taking in each business domain and target capital levels
Enhancement of corporate value
Risk Tolerance
Level of financial soundness required to execute Group strategies
 Determine ideal level of capital for Group strategies
  Monitoring
Formulation of Business Plans Capital Allocation
 Business Operation
  Qualitative Risk Management
Top Risk Management
Risk Assessment
    Emerging Risk Management
 Protective
(3) Risk Management Culture Underpinning Strategic Risk Management
We strive to cultivate a corporate culture that encourages all employees of the Group to practice risk management by providing training sessions as well as various risk-related materials tailored to different businesses and levels of employees. We endeavor to entrench this culture throughout our organization by increasing the opportunities for employees to be exposed to Strategic Risk Management.
2. Examples of the Utilization of Strategic Risk Management
Strategic Risk Management is widely utilized for making management decisions within the Group.
(1) Utilization in Insurance Product Development and Management
ROR is evaluated, with consideration to the characteristics of each insurance business, when setting insurance premiums in product development and managing the profitability of products after launch. The ROR of each product line is also
utilized in structuring ceded reinsurance schemes, sales strategies, and marketing budgets in addition to being used in product management.
(2) Quantification of Nursing Care Business Risks
We have developed and implemented a unique nursing care business risk model for simulating profit fluctuations based on the profit structure of the nursing care business. Risks quantified through our model are combined with risks associated with insurance and asset management to verify the potential impacts on Group-wide financial soundness.
(3) Evaluations of Risks in M&A Transactions
Decisions regarding M&A transactions and other new business investments are made based on comprehensive evaluations
of investment benefit and on due diligence. As part of these evaluations, we assess the appropriateness of investments from a Strategic Risk Management perspective looking at the potential impact on Group-wide capital efficiency (ROE), financial soundness (ESR), and return on risk (ROR) should the investments be executed.
 Quantitative Risk Management
Capital Adequacy Management Stress Testing
Risk Limit Management Liquidity Risk Management
    Integrated Annual Report 2018 75
Strategy implementation
Risk control system
Group Management Foundation

 Strategic Risk Management (ERM)
 3. Risk Control System
(1) Top Risk Management
Top risks are defined as “risks that may have significant impact on the Group.” A risk owner (officer class) is appointed for each risk and he/she is responsible for implementing countermeasures and managing processes.
Top risks are selected through both a top-down approach, which is based on the recognition of the business environment by the management and outside directors, and a bottom-up approach, which is based on risk assessments performed at the front lines of operations.
(2) Emerging Risk Management
Emerging risks are defined as “risks that could materialize or change due to changes in the operating environment and other factors and may exert significant impact on the Group in the future.” Emerging risks are identified based on risk assessment, reports from external institutions, and other measures, and selected by a specialized team headed by the Group CRO, based on the operating environment outlook, to be managed appropriately.
It is important to consider emerging risks in terms of not only mitigating losses but also future business opportunities, such as development of new insurance products and services. We are thus monitoring, researching, and studying emerging risks on a Group-wide basis.
(3) Capital Adequacy Management
We quantify the risks we are exposed to by using value at risk (VaR), a unified risk indicator, to maintain a sufficient level of capital in comparison to risks. Frameworks are in place to implement appropriate measures to accomplish this objective.
(4) Stress Testing
To accurately understand and manage events having a major impact on the Group, scenario stress testing, reverse stress testing, and sensitivity analyses are conducted on a Groupwide basis to analyze the degree of impact on capital and risk. A system has been established to implement countermeasures if necessary.
(5) Risk Limit Management
To avoid huge losses due to the occurrence of specific events, we have set Group-wide limits that are consistent with risk tolerance with regard to credit risks, reinsurance counterparty risks, and overseas natural catastrophe risks. Risks are managed to ensure that they do not exceed these limits.
(6) Liquidity Risk Management
The Group manages liquidity risks by projecting daily financing requirements as well as the greatest possible cash outflows that could result from incidents such as large-scale natural disasters and by securing the necessary liquid assets to meet such funding needs.
n Strategic Risk Management (ERM) Development
Our risk portfolio is undergoing significant transformation due to our entry into the nursing care business and the expansion of our overseas insurance business. We recognize the need to continuously evolve our Strategic Risk Management to address the more diversified and complex risks.
The Group is therefore constructing an ERM framework that is truly integrated on a global basis in order to facilitate the further evolution. ERM staff have already been positioned at our major overseas hubs, and these individuals coordinate and discuss with the management and the CRO to work together
Sompo Holdings’ ERM Evaluation by Standard & Poor’s
in promoting and improving Strategic Risk Management. In integrating our ERM framework with Sompo
International, we hold ongoing discussions between the management of both parties to better coordinate our operations through the mutual sharing of expertise. Moreover, we are consolidating and further enhancing the Group’s expertise with regard to developing more sophisticated natural catastrophe risk management, constructing a cyber risk management framework, and other matters.
     ERM Evaluation by Standard & Poor’s
 1. Very Strong
 2. Strong
 3. Adequate with strong risk controls
 4. Adequate
 5. Weak
  76
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
On April 26, 2018, S&P Global Ratings Japan Inc. raised its evaluation of ERM of Sompo Holdings by one level, from “adequate with strong risk controls” to “strong.”
We believe that this evaluation is a reflection of our continuous and widespread use of ERM practices in making Group management decisions.

   Corporate Information
Integrated Annual Report 2018 77
   
Management Members
 Directors
Summarized resume
Group Chief Executive Officer Representative Director, President and Executive Officer
Kengo Sakurada
(DOB: Feb. 11, 1956)
(As of July 1, 2018)
Group Chief Financial Officer Representative Director, Deputy President and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Shinji Tsuji
(DOB: Dec. 10, 1956)
                  Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1978
In addition to his experience in business integration, business alliances, corporate planning, sales, and systems in the P&C insurance business, he has experience working at international financial institutions. He became representative director and president of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. in 2010 and assumed the position of representative director and president of the Company in 2012. He has been Group CEO (chief executive officer) and responsible for overall management of the Group’s operations since July 2015.
Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1979
Thanks to his experience in accounting, public relations, CSR, and sales in the P&C insurance business, he was responsible for the corporate management of Group companies as well as accounting and finance at the Company. He became representative director of the Company in 2014. He has been Group CFO (chief financial officer) and responsible for overall management of finance since April 2017.
Summarized resume
    Group Chief Risk Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Masato Fujikura
(DOB: Sep. 26, 1958)
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business Owner Director, Managing Executive Officer
Mikio Okumura
(DOB: Nov. 23, 1965)
              Summarized resume
Summarized resume
Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1981
In addition to his background in overseas businesses, reinsurance (risk man-
agement), finance, product development, and sales in the P&C insurance business, he has experience managing overseas subsidiaries. He was responsible for the overseas insurance business, risk management, and legal affairs at the Company. He became a director of the Company in 2016. He has been Group CRO (chief risk officer) and responsible for the Group’s overall risk management, internal control, and internal auditing since April 2017.
Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1989
In addition to his experience in corporate planning and his involvement with
overseas businesses in the P&C insurance business, he has managed an overseas subsidiary and an investment bank. He was responsible for corporate planning and the nursing care & healthcare business at the Company. He became a director of the Company and a representative director of a subsidiary that manages the nursing care business in 2016. He has been the Business Owner of the nursing care & healthcare business since April 2017. He is responsible for overall management of said business and for the management of Sompo Care Inc. as its representative director and chairman.
    Overseas Insurance Business Owner Director, Managing Executive Officer
Junichi Tanaka
(DOB: May 9, 1961)
Group Chief Strategy Officer and Group Chief Information Officer Director, Managing Executive Officer
Masahiro Hamada
(DOB: Dec. 18, 1964)
              Summarized resume
Summarized resume
Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1984
In addition to his experience in overseas businesses, sales promotion and
planning, and sales in the P&C insurance business, he has experience managing overseas subsidiaries. He was responsible for the overseas insurance business at the Company and became an executive officer of the Company in 2014. He has been the Business Owner of the overseas insurance business and responsible for overall management of said business since April 2018.
He became a director in June 2018.
Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1988
With his experience in business integration, corporate planning, accounting, product development, and sales in the P&C insurance business, he was responsible for corporate planning and new business development at the Company. He became an executive officer of the Company in 2016. He has been Group CSO (chief strategy officer) and Group CIO (chief information officer) of the Company and responsible for overall management of the Group’s strategies and IT since April 2018. He became a director in June 2018.
  78 Sompo Holdings, Inc.

 Directors
Summarized resume
Domestic P&C Insurance Business Owner Director
Keiji Nishizawa
(DOB: Feb. 11, 1958)
(As of July 1, 2018)
Domestic Life Insurance Business Owner Director
Yasuhiro Oba
(DOB: Sep. 30, 1965)
                  Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1980
Based on his experience in corporate planning, human resources, product development, sales, claims handling, and IT systems in the P&C insurance business, he was responsible for new business development and the domestic P&C insurance business at the Company. He became a director of the Company in 2012. He has been the Business Owner of the domestic P&C insurance business of the Company since April 2017. He is responsible for overall management of the said business and for the management of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. as its representative director, president and chief executive officer.
Outside Director
Sawako Nohara
(DOB: Jan. 16, 1958)
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings (fiscal 2017)
All 14 Board of Directors meetings
Significant positions concurrently held
President of IPSe Marketing, Inc.
Project Professor of the Graduate School of Media and Governance, Keio University Member of the Board of Nissha Co., Ltd. (Outside Director)
Director of JAPAN POST BANK Co., Ltd. (Outside Director)
Auditor of Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd., (Outside Auditor)
Reasons for appointment
With her abundant experience as a company manager and broad knowledge of the IT industry, as well as deep insight gained through participation in policymaking during her term as an officer in government-related committees, including as a private-sector member of the Industrial Competitiveness Council, she is expected to provide appropriate advice on the management of the Company from diversified and professional perspectives. Further, she is expected to provide valuable advice on the initiative on women’s empowerment in the workplace, which is one of the most important strategies of the Company. She has been in her current position since June 2013.
Outside Director
Tamami Murata
(DOB: Jan. 18, 1960)
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings (fiscal 2017)
All 14 Board of Directors meetings
Significant positions concurrently held
Attorney at Law
Reasons for appointment
She has abundant knowledge and experience as a legal expert. Based on her expertise resulting from this knowledge and experience, she is expected to provide appropriate advice on the management of the Company. Further, she is expected to provide valuable advice on the initiative on women’s empowerment in the workplace, which is one of the most important strategies of the Company. She has been in her current position since June 2014.
Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1988
In addition to his experience in overseeing human resources and sales in the P&C
insurance business, he has experience in corporate planning in the life insurance business. He was responsible for the domestic life insurance business at the Company. He has been the Business Owner of the domestic life insurance business of the Company since April 2018. He has been responsible for overall management of the Group’s domestic life insurance business and for the management of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc., as its representative director, president and chief executive officer since April 2018. He became a director in June 2018.
Outside Director
Isao Endo
(DOB: May 8, 1956)
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings (fiscal 2017)
All 14 Board of Directors meetings
Significant positions concurrently held
Chairman of Roland Berger Ltd.
Director of Ryohin Keikaku Co., Ltd. (Outside Director)
Director of Nisshin Steel Co., Ltd. (Outside Director)
Reasons for appointment
With his broad insight based on his practical experience at a global consulting firm and academic knowledge as a graduate school professor as well as abundant experience as a company manager, he is expected to provide appropriate advice on the management of the Company, especially based on deep and diversified perspectives gained through his practical research on Gemba Power. He has been in his current position since June 2014.
Outside Director
Scott Trevor Davis
(DOB: Dec. 26, 1960)
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings (fiscal 2017)
All 14 Board of Directors meetings
Significant positions concurrently held
Professor of the Department of Global Business, College of Business, Rikkyo University Member of the Board of Bridgestone Corporation (Outside Director)
Reasons for appointment
With his broad knowledge as an erudite scholar, he is expected to provide appropriate advice on the management of the Company, especially through his research on strategic management and CSR at the university. Moreover, he is
expected to provide diversified advice from global perspectives. He has been in his current position since June 2014.
Summarized resume
                                       Integrated Annual Report 2018 79
Corporate Information

Management Members
 Executive Officers
(As of July 1, 2018)
Group Chief Human Resource Officer Managing Executive Officer
Satoshi Kasai
(DOB: Dec. 22, 1962)
Group Chief Brand Officer
Executive Officer (General Manager, Corporate Communications Department, General Manager, Corporate Social Responsibility Department)
Kiyoshi Aoki
(DOB: Feb. 2, 1964)
Executive Officer
(General Manager, Global Business Planning Department)
Shinichi Hara
(DOB: Apr. 14, 1965)
Executive Officer
(General Manager, Innovation for Aging & Wellness Department)
Takuto Kobayashi
(DOB: Nov. 22, 1965)
Executive Officer
(General Manager, Office of Group CEO)
Takato Udo
(DOB: Aug. 4, 1962)
    Managing Executive Officer
Nigel Frudd
(DOB: Oct. 4, 1958) Overseas business strategy
Group Chief Digital Officer Managing Executive Officer
Koichi Narasaki
(DOB: Jan. 4, 1958)
Executive Officer
Yuji Kawauchi
(DOB: Dec. 24, 1965)
Overseeing the South Asia & Pacific and the China & East Asia regions
Executive Officer
(General Manager, Accounting Department)
Yasunori Kuroda
(DOB: Aug. 17, 1963)
Executive Officer
Katsuyuki Tajiri
(DOB: Oct. 8, 1967)
Responsible for Sompo International Holdings Group
                  80 Sompo Holdings, Inc.

 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(As of July 1, 2018)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full-Time)
Hidenori Hanada
(DOB: Aug. 15, 1958)
    Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full-Time)
Masaki Hanawa
(DOB: Feb. 16, 1958)
              Summarized resume
Summarized resume
Joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., in April 1981
He has extensive insight into business management generally stemming from his experience in corporate planning as well as accounting and finance in the P&C insurance and life insurance businesses. He became an executive officer of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. in 2010 and a director of said company in 2014. He has been in his current position since June 2016.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Naoki Yanagida
(DOB: Feb. 27, 1960)
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings (fiscal 2017)
All 14 Board of Directors meetings
All 13 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
Significant positions concurrently held
Attorney at Law
Director of Alpine Electronics, Inc. (Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of YKK CORPORATION (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member)
Reasons for appointment
He has abundant knowledge and experience as a legal expert. His expertise based on this knowledge and experience is expected to benefit the Company’s audits. He has been in his current position since June 2014.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Atsuko Muraki
(DOB: Dec. 28, 1955)
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings (fiscal 2017)
All 11 Board of Directors meetings
All 10 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
Significant positions concurrently held
Member of the Board of ITOCHU Corporation (Outside Director)
Director of Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd. (Outside Director)
Reasons for appointment
She has a high level of knowledge and abundant experience based on her having held important posts such as Vice-Minister, Deputy Director-General, and DirectorGeneral of the Equal Employment, Children and Families Bureau in the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare as well as Director-General for Policies of the Cabinet
Office. Her abundant knowledge and expertise are expected to benefit the Company’s audits. She has been in her current position since June 2017.
Joined The Nippon Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. in April 1981
He has deep insight with respect to the fields of finance and accounting as a result of many years of experience in the accounting section of the domestic P&C insurance business. He became an executive officer of the Company and Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. in 2016. He has been in his current position since June 2018.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Hideyo Uchiyama
(DOB: Mar. 30, 1953)
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings (fiscal 2017)
All 11 Board of Directors meetings
All 10 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
Significant positions concurrently held
Certified Public Accountant
Executive Advisor of ASAHI Tax Corporation
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of OMRON Corporation (Outside Auditor) Director of Eisai Co., Ltd. (Outside Director)
Reasons for appointment
He has abundant experience as a manager at one of Japan’s leading auditing corporations and at a global consulting firm, in addition to his professional knowledge and experience as a certified public accountant. This abundant
knowledge and experience is expected to benefit the Company’s audits. He has been in his current position since June 2017.
                              Integrated Annual Report 2018 81
Corporate Information

Corporate Governance (Appendix)
 Corporate Governance
The Sompo Holdings Group continuously continually improving the transparency and fairness of its corporate governance and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility as essential to maintaining strong relations of trust with stakeholders.
The Group formulated its Corporate Governance Policy (https://www.sompo-hd.com/en/company/governance/overview/policies/) to clarify basic policies regarding the formation of the overall vision for the governance structure and the governance framework. We continue to improve our corporate governance and aim to establish optimal systems.
Corporate Governance Overview As of July 1, 2018
 Organizational structure
  Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board
   Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Kengo Sakurada
(Group CEO, Representative Director, President and Executive Officer)
 Number of directors
  12, of whom 4 are outside directors
   Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members
  5, of whom 3 are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
   Board of Directors meetings (Fiscal 2017 results)
 Held 14 times
Attendance: 100% for directors, 98.6% for Audit & Supervisory Board members
* Orientation meetings for outside directors are held in conjunction with Board of Directors meetings to ensure meetings of the Board of Directors operate effectively.
* Please refer to page 84 for details regarding directors and Board of Directors meetings.
   Audit & Supervisory Board meetings (Fiscal 2017 results)
   Held 13 times
Attendance: 98.5%
* Please refer to page 84 for details regarding Audit & Supervisory Board members and Audit & Supervisory Board meetings.
   Voluntary committee equivalent to nominating committee and compensation committee
 Nomination and Compensation Committee
* Comprising 5 committee members (4 outside directors, 1 internal director (Group CEO)) and chaired by an outside director
* Please refer to page 84 for details regarding the Nomination and Compensation Committee.
   Appointment of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
   Formulates policies for appointment of officers through the resolution of the Board of Directors in light of advice from the Nomination and Compensation Committee, which functions as an advisory body to the Board of Directors
* Please refer to page 85 for details regarding policies for appointment of officers.
   Number of independent directors and independent Audit & Supervisory Board members
  4 outside directors and 3 outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
* All outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members are independent as defined by the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
* Please refer to page 85 for information on standards regarding independence of outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
   Determination of compensation, etc.
  Formulates policies on decisions pertaining to compensation for officers through the resolution of the Board of Directors in light of advice from the Nomination and Compensation Committee, which functions as an advisory body to the Board of Directors
* Please refer to page 86 for details regarding policies on decisions pertaining to compensation for officers.
   82
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

 Corporate Governance Structure
(As of July 1, 2018)
 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
  Shareholders’ Meeting
   Appointment / Appointment / Dismissal Dismissal
Appointment / Dismissal
     Recommendation
    Audit & Supervisory Board
(Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Members: 5
Of whom, Outside Members: 3*
* All 3 are deemed
Independent Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
Board of Directors (Directors)
Directors: 12
Of whom, Outside Directors: 4*
* All 4 are deemed Independent Directors.
Nomination and Compensation Committee
Directors: 5
Of whom, Internal Directors: 1*1
*1 Group CEO
Of whom, Outside Directors: 4*2
*2 All 4 are deemed
Independent Directors.
   Audit
       Staff of Audit & Supervisory Board
  Group CEO Representative Director, President & Executive Officer
Management Committee
       Internal Audit Section
Advisory Committees
             Group CFO Group CRO Group CIO Group CDO Group CHRO Group CSO Group CBO
        Planning Administrative Sections
Business Owners
              * Group Chief Officers are initialisms for the following titles.
Group CFO: Group CRO: Group CIO: Group CDO: Group CHRO: Group CSO: Group CBO:
Group Chief Financial Officer
Group Chief Risk Officer
Group Chief Information Officer Group Chief Digital Officer
Group Chief Human Resource Officer Group Chief Strategy Officer
Group Chief Brand Officer
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa
 SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE
 Sonpo 24
 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities
 Sompo Risk Management & Healthcare
   Strategic Businesses
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management
Note: Principal Group companies are listed.
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life
Sompo Care
Prime Assistance
FRESHHOUSE
Overseas subsidiaries
Sompo Warranty
Integrated Annual Report 2018 83
Independent Auditors
Accounting audit
Cooperation
Overseas Insurance Business Owner
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business Owner
Domestic Life Insurance Business Owner
Domestic P&C Insurance Business Owner
Group Chief Officers*
Internal audit
Corporate Information

Corporate Governance (Appendix)
 84
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Directors and the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors performs its duties as stipulated by law, establishes important items for management, and serves a supervisory function overseeing the conditions of business execution. The Board of Directors meeting, in principle, convenes on a monthly basis and comprises an appropriate number of members to realize swift decision-making.
Preliminary briefing sessions are held with outside directors to provide details about the discussion agenda with specific emphasis on the key agenda items. The integration of the Board of Directors meeting and preliminary briefing session, which includes communicating the opinions, questions, and other comments expressed by the outside directors at the preliminary briefing sessions to all attending directors before the Board of Directors meeting, is intended to facilitate constructive deliberations at the Board of Directors meeting and ensure the effectiveness of the Board of Directors operations. Steps including
convening meetings of the outside directors and the Group CEO are implemented to facilitate open exchange of opinions between the outside directors and the chief executive.
The Company’s Board of Directors comprises 12 members, four of whom, or one-third, are outside directors. Current members include 11 Japanese nationals and 1 non-Japanese, and 10 men and 2 women. The directors apply their accumulated knowledge and experience to the key issues for the Company to realize the proper execution of fair and effective executive management.
To ensure full clarity of responsibility related to business matters in each fiscal year, a director’s tenure ends at the close of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held within the latest fiscal year that is within one year of the appointment. Further, the average term of office of directors was 3.5 years as of the end of the 8th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit & Supervisory Board members audit the work performance of directors through such activities as auditing the construction and maintenance conditions of the Group internal control system and providing effective advice and recommendations to senior management that promotes the Group’s sustainable growth and increases the corporate value over the medium-to-long-term. The Audit & Supervisory Board establishes the audit standards, basic policy on audits, and auditing programs to make the above auditing activities functional and effective and systematically conduct auditing operations.
The Audit & Supervisory Board sets an annual meeting schedule and endeavors to realize full participation of all members and coordinates activities. Such endeavors include distributing information materials before meetings to ensure members are fully prepared to conduct thorough reviews and deliberations.
The Company’s Audit & Supervisory Board comprises five members, three of whom are outside members. Current members include five Japanese nationals—four men and one woman. Further, one of the full-time Audit & Supervisory Board members has many years of
Nomination and Compensation Committee
Role of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
The Nomination and Compensation Committee is established as an advisory body to the Board of Directors intended to improve transparency and fairness regarding director and executive officer nomination and Compensation.
The committee sets the director and executive officer appointment policy and appointment standards, determines individuals to propose as candidates, conducts director and executive officer evaluations and submits recommendations to the Board of Directors for director compensation amounts and the compensation structure, and contributes to the appointment and treatment of subsidiary directors based on the subsidiary business content and scope.
Involvement in the Performance Evaluation, Appointment,
and Dismissal of the Group CEO and Executives
The duties (missions) of executive officers, including the Group CEO
experience in the Company’s accounting section. Also, one of the outside Audit & Supervisory Board members is a certified public accountant with many years of working experience at an audit firm. This individual also possesses extensive knowledge of finance and accounting.
The Company has established the Staff of Audit & Supervisory Board to enhance the effectiveness of the Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ audits and assigns exclusive personnel with the supplemental knowledge and experience to assist the Audit & Supervisory Board Members in carrying out their duties.
The Audit & Supervisory Board additionally commissions an external legal expert to serve as an advisor who is independent of the execution of operations to protect the interests of the Company and shareholders.
In accordance with the Companies Act, Audit & Supervisory Board members’ term of office expires at the conclusion of the General Meeting of Shareholders in the final fiscal year that ends within four years of their appointment.
and Business Owners, are clearly indicated based on a performance evaluation system for officers. Officers receive performance evaluations in relation to their progress in performing these duties. Annual decisions on the reappointment of officers reflect the results of these performance evaluations. With respect to individual performance evaluations of the Group CEO, only members of the Nomination and Compensation Committee who are outside directors conduct deliberations. The chairperson of the Nomination and Compensation Committee determines the performance evaluation, informs the Group CEO of the results, and reports to the Board of Directors. This process of regular deliberation by outside directors and the Group CEO about the roles and missions of the Group’s senior management team and evaluation of progress in performing these roles and missions ensures the objectivity, timeliness, and transparency of the process for reappointing the Group CEO.

 Selection of Committee Members
The committee comprises members appointed from the Company’s directors with outside directors representing the majority of members in order to ensure the independence and neutrality of the members. The
Policies for Appointment of Officers
The appointment of directors, executive officers, and Audit & Supervisory Board members is conducted in accordance with the following policies for the appointment of officers. Directors and executive officers are nominated by the Board of Directors based on discussions with the Nomination and Compensation Committee.
Furthermore, in the event that the Board of Directors’ appointment of an Audit & Supervisory Board member is determined by resolution at the General Meeting of Shareholders, an opportunity will be provided in advance for the Board of Directors to discuss the candidate with the Audit & Supervisory Board to seek its approval.
(1) Policies for Appointment of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
The Company supervises and guides its subsidiaries, formulating management strategies for subsidiaries engaged mainly in the P&C insurance business, as well as comprehensive management strategies for the entire Group. The Company is responsible for the execution and realization of these strategies.
From this perspective, the Board of Directors appoints directors based on their familiarity with the Company’s business, ensuring a balance between experience and achievements without bias for an area of specialization. To facilitate objective decision-making with
committee chairperson is an outside director elected by the committee members. At the time of the submission of this report, the committee comprises five members with four outside directors and one internal director (the Group CEO).
respect to management issues from a diverse and independent focus and perspective, the Board of Directors includes multiple outside directors with a wide range of knowledge and experience thanks to their backgrounds in corporate management, academia, and the legal profession.
The Audit & Supervisory Board consists of Audit & Supervisory Board members appointed on the basis of their solid knowledge of finance and accounting and in consideration of an overall balance of backgrounds in corporate management experience and the legal profession. Furthermore, the appointment of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members is based on appointment criteria in consideration of Comprehensive Guidelines for Supervision of Insurance Companies.
The Group formulated outside director independence criteria as a standard for the appointment of outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
(2) Policies for Appointment of Executive Officers
The Group formulated a “Desired profile for executive officers” and “Policies for the appointment of executive officers” to identify the basic skills and qualifications required and define the balance between experience and achievements when appointing executive officers. In compliance with the policies, executive officers are appointed.
Standards Regarding Independence of Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
The Company has prescribed the “Standards Regarding the Independence of Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members” by resolution of the Board of Directors based on the advice of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, an advisory body to the Board of Directors, and in accordance with the standards required by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. This information is disclosed via the corporate governance report.
Under the “Standards Regarding the Independence of Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members,” the Company will determine the independence from the Company of outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members based on the matters set forth below:
1. Personal Relationships: A kinship between the candidate and any officer or employee of the Group, status of mutual appointments of officers between the Company and the company that the candidate is originally from.
2. Capital Relationships: The holding of shares in the Company by the candidate and the status of shareholding by the Group.
3. Business Relationships: Business transactions or donations
between the Group and the candidate.
4. Significant Interests Other Than the Above:
In the event that an outside director is appointed, the Nomination and Compensation Committee will examine his or her independence. Following the final determination by the Board of Directors, the proposal for the appointment will be submitted to the General Meeting
of Shareholders of the Company and the Company will submit a notification of such an outside director as an independent director as prescribed by each financial instruments exchange.
In the case of a candidate for outside Audit & Supervisory Board member, the Audit & Supervisory Board will take into consideration these standards in determining whether to consent to a proposal being submitted to the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company for the appointment of an Audit & Supervisory Board member. Upon receiving this consent, the Board of Directors will submit the proposal for appointment to the General Meeting of Shareholders and submit notification of such outside an Audit & Supervisory Board Member as an independent auditor as prescribed by each financial instruments exchange.
The Company selects a wide range of independent outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, individuals with experience as corporate managers, academics, and lawyers with extensive knowledge in a wide range of fields, with the aim of enabling valuable discussions incorporating objective and multiple viewpoints and perspectives on the Group’s management strategies and management issues.
As a result, outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members contribute to frank, active, and constructive deliberations and discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board, and Nomination and Compensation Committee.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 85
Corporate Information

Corporate Governance (Appendix)
 86
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Policies on Decisions Pertaining to Compensation for Officers
The Group regards compensation for officers as an important matter from the viewpoints of improvements in business performance and corporate value, and sets policies on compensation for officers as follows:
(1) Basic Policies on Compensation for Officers (Common to Group Companies)
1 The form and level of compensation for officers shall enable the recruitment and retention of superior human resources as management of the Group.
2 The compensation structure shall be consistent with business strategies and promote incentives for officers to improve performance for the sake of the Group’s growth.
3 Compensation shall reflect medium-to-long-term results and initiatives by officers as well as single-year results.
4 Objectiveness, transparency, and fairness that can fulfill accountability to stakeholders shall be achieved in the compensation structure for the Company and major subsidiaries through a deliberation process in the Nomination and Compensation Committee inside the Group.
(2) Compensation Structure for Officers
The Group sets policies on compensation for officers as follows. However, in cases where there are reasonable grounds to believe that those policies should not be applied, the amount and composition of compensation are determined by the Board of Directors based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee.
The Nomination and Compensation Committee examines the compensation budget for all directors and executive officers and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors on an annual basis. The amount of compensation for directors and executive officers is determined by the Board of Directors within the budget.
1 Composition of compensation for directors and how it is determined
Compensation for directors shall consist of monthly compensation, performance-linked compensation, and performance-linked stock compensation.
With regard to monthly compensation, performance-linked compensation, and performance-linked stock compensation, a fixed amount shall be determined for monthly compensation, while a base amount and the number of standard points (one point = one common share) shall be determined for performance-linked compensation and performance-linked stock compensation depending on whether the person is an outside or internal director, or does or does not have the authority to represent the Company. Nevertheless, performance-linked compensation and performance-linked stock compensation will not be paid to outside directors.
Compensation for a director and compensation for an executive officer shall be totaled and paid together to those directors who are serving concurrently as executive officers.
Overviews of performance-linked compensation and performancelinked stock compensation are described in 4 and 5 below.
2 Composition of compensation for executive officers and how it is determined
Compensation for executive officers shall consist of monthly compensation, performance-linked compensation, and performance-linked stock compensation. The amount and composition of compensation for the Group CEO are examined and recommended by the
Nomination and Compensation Committee and determined by the Board of Directors based on the business environment and market level of compensation for executive officers, as well as the Group CEO’s achievements and skills. The amount and composition of compensation for executive officers other than the Group CEO are determined based on the business environment and market level of compensation for executive officers and shall reflect the significance of duties, strategic positioning, achievements, and skills. A fixed amount shall be determined for monthly compensation, while a base amount and the number of standard points (one point = one common share) shall be determined for performance-linked compensation and performance-linked stock compensation.
Overviews of performance-linked compensation and performancelinked stock compensation are described in 4 and 5 below.
3 Composition of compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members and how it is determined
The form and level of compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members shall be commensurate with their duties and responsibilities and determined at a fixed amount through discussion between the Audit & Supervisory Board members depending on whether the Audit & Supervisory Board member is full-time or part-time while giving due consideration to their independence.
4 Performance-linked compensation
The Company has introduced a performance-linked compensation system in order to align compensation for officers and business strategies and promote incentives for officers to improve performance for further growth of the Group. Below is an overview of the system:
• Performance-linked compensation shall be determined by reflecting single-year corporate performance and individual performance to the base amount of performance-linked compensation.
• Performance metrics to evaluate corporate performance are adjusted consolidated profit and adjusted consolidated ROE, and the coefficient is determined as a ratio of actual figures to targeted figures (projected figures in business plans). For performance metrics to evaluate individual performance, the coefficient is determined depending on the results of individual performance evaluations of officers.
• The coefficient for performance-linked stock compensation is calculated by adding the belowmentioned coefficient for stock value to the coefficient for consolidated performance, and the number of points to be provided is calculated by adding the number of performance-linked stock compensation standard points to the coefficient for performance-linked stock compensation.
• For officers who serve as Business Owners or are in charge of those businesses, sales and profits of the business in question are used as performance metrics to evaluate corporate performance.
5 Performance-linked stock compensation
The Company has introduced a performance-linked stock compensation system in order to increase the linkage between compensation and increases in corporate value over the medium-to-long term. Below is an overview of the system:
• Performance-linked stock compensation shall be determined by reflecting the medium-to-long-term stock value and consolidated performance to the number of performance-linked stock compensation standard points in comparison with the market.

 • The coefficient for stock value shall be determined by comparing the three-year growth rate of our stock value with the TOPIX growth rate.
• The coefficient for consolidated performance shall be determined by comparing the growth rate of consolidated net income over the past three business years with the growth rate of our peers (global companies centering on insurance companies).
• The coefficient for performance-linked stock compensation is calculated by adding the abovementioned coefficient for stock value to the coefficient for consolidated performance, and the number of points to be provided is calculated by adding the number of performance-linked stock compensation standard points to the coefficient for performance-linked stock compensation.
Compensation Amounts of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Directors 11 ¥599 million
¥108 million – ¥108 million
 Executive Compensation Scheme
    Monthly compensation
Performancelinked compensation
Performancelinked stock compensation
  Cash benefit
Fixed amount based on position
Amounted linked to performance of the Company and individual
Stock benefit
Amounted linked to medium-to-longterm growth
        Total amount per type of compensation
  Category
Number of officers for payment
Total compensation, etc.
Basic compensation
Performance-linked stock compensation
  Monthly compensation
     ¥491 million
Performance-linked compensation
    ¥324 million
¥166 million
    Audit & Supervisory Board members
7 ¥104 million
18 ¥703 million
¥104 million
  ¥104 million
  Total
Notes:
1. The number of officers for payment includes one director who resigned on March 31, 2017, and two Audit & Supervisory Board members who resigned at the end of the 7th General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2017.
2. Total compensation, etc., and total amount per type of compensation, etc., include compensation, etc., of one director who resigned on March 31, 2017, and two Audit & Supervisory Board members who resigned at the end of the 7th General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2017.
3. The total amount of compensation etc., of directors includes ¥467 million as compensation of executive officers for directors who are serving concurrently as executive officers (¥230 million in monthly compensation, ¥140 million in performance-linked compensation, and ¥96 million in performance-linked stock compensation). The compensation of executive officers is being paid to a total of seven persons.
¥595 million
–
    ¥429 million
¥166 million
    4. Of the compensation, etc., paid to directors, monthly compensation and performance-linked compensation are paid in cash. 5. Performance-linked compensation is based on the performance of the previous fiscal year.
The amount of reserve for performance-linked compensation based on the performance of the current fiscal year is ¥108 million.
6. Performance-linked stock compensation is the amount of provision of reserve for stock benefits posted as the portion for the current fiscal year. 7. Officers who receive compensation, etc., of ¥100 million or more in total from the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are listed as follows.
 Total amount per type of compensation
  Name
Kengo Sakurada
Shinji Tsuji
Keiji Nishizawa
Officer category
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
The Company
Sompo Japan
The Company
Sompo Japan
The Company
Sompo Japan
Company category
Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc.
Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
Basic compensation
Monthly Performance-
compensation linked compensation
¥192 million
-
¥53million ¥30million
-
Performancelinked stock compensation
¥56 million
-
¥18 million -
Total amount of consolidated compensation, etc.
¥248 million
¥101million
¥160 million
   ¥110 million ¥82 million
-
¥83 million
             ---
  ¥133 million
¥78 million ¥55 million
¥26 million
   8. The maximum amounts of compensation determined by resolutions of the General Meeting of Shareholders are as set out below. Category Maximum amount of compensation
Audit & Supervisory • Monthly compensation (compensation and paid in cash) Board member
No more than ¥110 million per year
   Director
   • Monthly compensation and performance-linked compensation (compensation paid in cash) No more than ¥700 million per year
(of which the amount to outside directors shall be no more than ¥100 million per year)
• Performance-linked stock compensation
No more than ¥500 million*1 in three fiscal years*2
*1 The maximum amount contributed by the Company as the portion for directors to the Board Benefit Trust for performance-linked stock compensation.
*2 From the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019
Note: In each case, the amount of compensation, etc., of directors does not include the portion paid as employee salary to directors serving concurrently as employees.
   Integrated Annual Report 2018 87
Corporate Information

Corporate Governance (Appendix)
 ■ Group Internal Controls Supporting Corporate Governance
The Sompo Holdings Group has established the Basic Policy on Internal Controls to guide the development and ongoing improvement of the Group-level internal control framework and form business foundations for ensuring appropriate Group operations and improving corporate value.
The Group ERM and Internal Control Committee has been set up as an advisory body to the Group CRO. This committee
The Sompo Holdings Group’s Group Internal Control Framework
is responsible for identifying areas requiring improvement in relation to internal controls and discusses measures for addressing these areas to ensure that the nine frameworks described under the Basic Policy on Internal Controls can function efficiently and effectively. This committee also analyzes incidents that have occurred inside and outside of the Group in order to reinforce our internal control framework.
* Nine Frameworks
1. Framework for Ensuring Proper Conduct of Operations
of the Group
2. Framework for Ensuring Execution of Duties of Directors,
Executive Officers, and Employees in Compliance with Applicable Laws and the Company’s Articles of Incorporation
3. Strategic Risk Management Framework
4. Framework to Ensure Effective and Accurate Execution
of Duties
5. Framework for Ensuring the Financial Soundness and
Adequacy of Financial Reporting
6. Framework for Ensuring Appropriate Information Disclosure
7. Framework for Retention and Management of Information
Related to Directors and Executive Officers’ Performance
of Their Duties
8. Framework to Ensure Internal Audits’ Effectiveness
9. Framework Related to Audit & Supervisory Board
Members’ Audits
In addition, we are examining the possibility of using data analytics to identify potential risks of inappropriate actions by employees.
While the Group has positioned the insurance business at its core, it is expanding into such new business areas as nursing care and home remodeling. When developing frameworks, it is necessary to consider not only the relevant laws but also the characteristics, scale, and operating conditions of each Group company as well as the potential risks they face. As such, in addition to requiring reports from each Group company, our members participate in Group companies’ meetings, and vice versa. We work to understand the conditions at each Group company and share information via company visits, helping us support the development of frameworks at Group companies.
  88
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
■ Commitment to Compliance
The Group has formulated various policies such as the Group Basic Policy on Compliance, as well as the Group Compliance Code of Conduct, and is raising awareness among Group officers. We also anticipate various compliance-related risks and work to prevent risks from manifesting themselves so that each Group company can increase the effectiveness of compliance initiatives based on these policies.
For example, in regions where foreign countries’ laws
(laws and regulations other than those of Japan or the country in which we do business) apply, we use the Group’s internal and external networks to gather information regarding revisions to laws and regulations in countries and regions around the world, and then confirm categories requiring responses.
We provide this information to Group companies in Japan
and overseas, helping them put their frameworks in place.
■ Establishing an Group Internal Audit Framework
Sompo Holdings has established the Sompo Holdings Group Basic Policy on Internal Audits, which defines internal audits as a process for verifying the appropriateness and effectiveness of internal control framework. Moreover, the policy clearly states that internal audits are not merely meant to detect and identify issues in internal administrative processes or other areas, but should rather go further to analyze issues and provide recommendations on methods for improvement.
Based on these provisions, we are to establish an efficient and effective internal audit framework.
To establish an effective Group-wide internal audit framework, the Company monitors the internal audit plans of Group companies as well as the actual status of audits. Through this monitoring, the Company identifies signs of risks and conducts the necessary internal audits based on those risks while otherwise supporting Group companies.
Board of Directors
 Group CEO
       Group CRO
• Monitors and examines • internal controls
Improves effectiveness of internal control framework
 Group ERM and Internal Control Committee
Strategic Businesses
Overseas Insurance Business
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Nine Frameworks under the Basic Policy on Internal Controls*

 ■ IT Governance
Evolving the IT systems of Group companies requires processes based on the regulations of each country and industry in which we operate. We are also implementing other management processes in line with international standards.
At the same time, the Group is pursuing Group synergies,
■ Response to Cyber Risks—CSIRT
The Group has set up Sompo Holdings CSIRT* as a specialized organization tasked with systematically responding to ever-growing cyber risks for the entire Group. We will ceaselessly increase the sophistication of our responses to cyber risks by supporting preparations for cyber risk management at each Group company and collecting external information.
Sompo Holdings CSIRT plays a central role in implementing the following initiatives, and individuals are assigned at each Group company to take charge of these initiatives.
such as reducing system costs and risks by standardizing systems and appropriately assigning and training IT personnel. Meanwhile, by upgrading system infrastructure to be compatible with present and future digital trends, we will also engage in executing strategic digital projects.
• Collect external information (damages, vulnerabilities) and share with Group companies and issue response instructions
• Integrate information pertaining to detected cyberattacks within the Group and support responses to such attacks • Support setting of target levels for technological counter-
measures based on probability and potential impact of risks
at each Group company
• Assist creation of business continuity plans, planning, and
implementation of employee training programs and drills * CSIRT: Computer Security Incident Response Team
  Sompo Holdings CSIRT
 In normal times
•Collect and provide external information and issue response instructions
• Support setting of target levels for technological countermeasures
•Support implementation of cyber risk management •Deploy case studies throughout the Group
In times of emergency
•Assist in responding to detected cyberattacks (provide emergency aid)
  Group companies
   In normal times
•Adhere to instructions based on external information •Implement technological countermeasures based
on set target level
•Implement cyber risk management
In times of emergency
•Respond to detected cyberattacks (in collaboration with CSIRT)
     Integrated Annual Report 2018 89
Corporate Information

Corporate Governance (Appendix)
  Information Disclosure
The Group has established a basic disclosure policy and strives to disclose information in an appropriate and timely manner to ensure that its various stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, and other investors, have a correct understanding of the Sompo Holdings Group’s management and other initiatives.
Corporate Website / Integrated Report
The Company’s corporate website is a source of corporate data as well as information on Group businesses, topics of interest to shareholders and other investors, and CSR activities. We also post timely news releases on this website. The English version of the website provides a variety of information for people overseas.
URL
https://www.sompo-hd.com/en/
In addition to the corporate website, the Company publishes its integrated annual report (in Japanese and English), which provides easy-to-understand explanations of the Group’s profile, management policies, and operating performance.
Regular Investor Briefings for Investors and Analysts
The Company holds regular investor briefings for investors and analysts. Presentation materials used in these briefings are made available for all interested parties on the Company’s corporate website.
IR meetings are held twice annually with the Group CEO, the CFO, the CSO, and other members of senior management in attendance, in principle, and include presentations and question and answer sessions. The Company also arranges for members of senior management, including the Group CEO, to take part in discussions with domestic and overseas
Small, theme-specific meetings with Business Owners, etc. Conferences sponsored by securities companies One-on-one meetings with institutional investors Information sessions for individual investors
investors on an individual basis. In addition, we provide a wide range of opportunities for discussions with Business Owners with regard to specific business themes.
Through such discussions, the Company is able to explain its management policies and other topics in a timely manner while also providing the Board of Directors and members of senior management with timely feedback on investor interests and concerns, which contributes to the formulation of management strategies and the execution of operations.
   Business strategy explanation meetings for institutional investors and analysts (IR meetings)
Financial results conference calls for institutional investors and analysts
2 times
     2 times
  4 times
 5 times
 249 times
 8 times
      90 Sompo Holdings, Inc.

Corporate Overview
 Company name:
Date of establishment:
Capital:
Head office:
Group CEO Representative Director, President and Executive Officer: Employees:
Business activities:
Exchange listing: URL:
* As of March 31, 2018
Organization Chart
Staff of Audit & Supervisory Board
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
April 1, 2010
¥100 billion
26-1, Nishi-Shinjuku 1-chome, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 160-8338, Japan
Kengo Sakurada 557*
Management of P&C insurance companies, life insurance companies, and
other companies controlled as subsidiaries pursuant to the Insurance Business Law, and other related operations.
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section)
https://www.sompo-hd.com/en/
  
Shareholders’ Meeting
    Audit & Supervisory Board (Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Board of Directors (Directors)
Nomination and Compensation Committee
  Group CEO Representative Director, President and Executive Officer
Management Committee
 Internal Audit
   Business Owners
     Group CFO Group CRO Group CIO Group CDO Group CHRO Group CSO Group CBO
            Office of Group CEO
IT Strategy Planning Senior Market Human Capital
Risk Management
Digital Strategy Planning Investment Management Secretarial
Digital Venture Global Business Planning Accounting
Corporate Communications Global Strategy Corporate Legal
Group Business Management
     Corporate Social Responsibility
            Advisory Committees
  * Group Chief Officers are acronyms for the following titles. Group CFO : Group Chief Financial Officer / Group CRO : Group Chief Risk Officer Group CIO : Group Chief Information Officer / Group CDO : Group Chief Digital Officer / Group CHRO : Group Chief Human Resource Officer Group CSO : Group Chief Strategy Officer / Group CBO : Group Chief Brand Officer
Integrated Annual Report 2018 91
Overseas Insurance Business Owner
Domestic Life Insurance Business Owner
Domestic P&C Insurance Business Owner
Group Chief Officers*
Corporate Information
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business Owner

Share and Shareholder Information
 92
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
■ Share Information
1. Fiscal year:
2. Annual General Meeting
of Shareholders:
3. Record date for year-end
dividends and voting rights:
4. Share-trading lot size:
5. Shareholder registry administrator:
6. Public notices:
7. Exchange listing:
(As of July 1, 2018)
April 1 of each year through March 31 of the following year Held within 3 months of the end of each fiscal year
March 31
Note: Record date for interim dividends: September 30
100
Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Sompo Holdings issues public notices electronically (https://www.sompo-hd.com/)
Note: If a public notice cannot be issued electronically, it will be published in the Nihon Keizai Shimbun (newspaper).
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section)
■ Matters for the General Meeting of Shareholders
The 8th General Meeting of Shareholders was held on June 25, 2018. The matters to be reported and the matters to be resolved
were as follows:
Matters to Be Reported
1. The business report, the consolidated financial statements, and the audit reports by the accounting auditors and the Audit & Supervisory Board for fiscal 2017 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
2. The financial statements for fiscal 2017 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Matters to Be Resolved
Proposal No. 1 Disposition of Retained Earnings Proposal No. 2 Appointment of 12 Directors Proposal No. 3 Appointment of 2 Audit & Supervisory
Board Members
The proposals were approved as initially proposed.

 ■ Distribution and Shares
1. Equity Shares
(1) Type of shares
(2) Total number of authorized shares (3) Total number of shares outstanding (4) Total number of shareholders
2. Types of Shareholders
National and Regional Governmental Organizations
Financial Institutions
Securities Companies
Other Corporations
Foreign Investors
Individuals and Others
(As of March 31, 2018)
Common shares 1,200,000,000
415,352,294 (Including treasury stock) 43,081
 Category
  Number of Shareholders
  Number of Shares Held (Thousands)*1
  Portion of Shares Outstanding (%)*2
  2
170
53
1,018
747
41,091
8
137,831
12,016
30,179
163,267
72,049
415,352
0.00
33.18
2.89
7.27
39.31
17.35
100.0
(As of March 31, 2018)
6.72
5.94
4.96
2.34
2.28
2.15
2.10
1.94
1.78
1.75
      Total 43,081
*1 Numbers of shares held are truncated to the unit displayed.
*2 Portions of shares outstanding are rounded to the unit displayed.
■ Top 10 Shareholders
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 380072 25,602
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account) 22,625
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account) 18,924
Sompo Holdings Employee Shareholders Association 8,906
GOVERNMENT OF NORWAY 8,684
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited 8,181
NIPPON EXPRESS CO., LTD. 8,001
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 5) 7,392
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT TREATY 505234 6,790
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 7) 6,672
  Name of Shareholder
 Number of Shares Held (Thousands)
   Portion of Shares Outstanding (Excluding Treasury Stock) (%)
             Notes: 1. In addition to the above, the Company holds 34,176 thousand shares of treasury stock. This number of treasury stock does not include 596 thousand shares
of the Company’s stock held by Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. (Re-entrusted entity: Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust E account) established for the “Board Benefit Trust (BBT)” plan.).
2. The number of shares held by The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited, includes 4,492 thousand shares contributed by that company as trust assets for a retirement benefit trust (In the shareholder register, the shares are listed in the name of Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Life Insurance Retirement Benefit Trust.).
3. The number of shares held by NIPPON EXPRESS CO., LTD., includes 1,600 thousand shares contributed by that company as trust assets for a retirement benefit trust (In the shareholder register, the shares are listed in the name of Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd., NIPPON EXPRESS Retirement Benefit Trust).
Integrated Annual Report 2018 93
Corporate Information

The Company, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates (As of March 31, 2018)
 The Sompo Holdings Group consists of 100 subsidiaries and 14 affiliates. The Group is engaged in domestic P&C insurance, domestic life insurance, and other businesses. Major Group companies are as follows.
List of Group Companies
Domestic P&C Insurance
◎ Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
◎ SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED ◎ Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited
◎ Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Services Inc.
★ Hitachi Capital Insurance Corporation
Domestic Life Insurance
◎ Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc. Nursing Care & Healthcare
◎ Sompo Care Message Inc.
◎ Sompo Care Next Inc.
◎ Sompo Risk Management & Health Care Inc.
Overseas Insurance
◎ Sompo International Holdings Ltd. <Bermuda, British Overseas Territory> ◎ Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd. <Bermuda, British Overseas Territory> ◎ Endurance U.S. Holdings Corp. <U.S.A.>
◎ Sompo America Insurance Company <U.S.A.>
◎ Endurance Worldwide Holdings Limited <U.K.>
◎ Endurance Worldwide Insurance Limited <U.K.>
◎ Sompo International Holdings (Europe) Limited <U.K.>
◎ SI Insurance (Europe), SA <Luxembourg>
◎ Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Company of Europe Limited <U.K.> ◎ Sompo Japan Sigorta Anonim Sirketi <Turkey>
◎ Sompo Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd. <Singapore>
◎ Sompo Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. <Singapore>
◎ Berjaya Sompo Insurance Berhad <Malaysia>
◎ PT Sompo Insurance Indonesia <Indonesia>
◎ Sompo Insurance China Co., Ltd. <China>
◎ Sompo Insurance (Hong Kong) Company Limited <China>
◎ Sompo Seguros S.A. <Brazil>
◎ Sompo Saude Seguros S.A. <Brazil>
★ Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Limited <India>
Financial and Other Services
◎ Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd. (Asset Management)
◎ Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities Inc. (Defined Contribution Pension Plans)
Notes:1.The definitions of each sign are as follows. ◎: Consolidated subsidiary ★: Affiliate accounted for under the equity method 2.Sompo Care Message Inc. changed its name to Sompo Care Inc. on April 1, 2018.
3.Sompo Care Next Inc. merged with Sompo Care Inc. on July 1, 2018.
      94
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

 Subsidiaries and Affiliates
Consolidated Subsidiaries
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED
Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Services Inc.
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc.
Sompo Care Message Inc.*2
Sompo Care Next Inc.*3
Sompo Risk Management & Health Care Inc.
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
Toshima-ku, Tokyo
Toshima-ku, Tokyo
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
Shinagawaku-ku, Tokyo
Shinagawaku-ku, Tokyo
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
February 12, 1944
September 22, 1982
December 6, 1999
February 28, 1989
July 7, 1981
May 26, 1997
November 11, 1992
November 19, 1997
70,000 million Japanese yen
31,010 million Japanese yen
19,000 million Japanese yen
1,845 million Japanese yen
17,250 million Japanese yen
3,925 million Japanese yen
5,095 million Japanese yen
30 million Japanese yen
Domestic P&C Insurance
Domestic P&C Insurance
Domestic P&C Insurance
Domestic P&C Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Nursing Care & Healthcare
Nursing Care & Healthcare
Nursing Care & Healthcare
100.0 —
— 99.8
— 100.0
— 100.0
100.0 —
100.0 —
100.0 —
100.0 —
 Company Name
 Location of Head Office
  Date of Establishment
   Capital
  Main Business
  Proportion of Voting Rights Held by the Holding Company (%)*1
   Proportion of Voting Rights Held by Subsidiaries or Affiliates of the Holding Company (%)*1
          Sompo International Holdings Ltd.
 Pembroke (Bermuda, British Overseas Territory)
 March 24, 2017
  0 thousand U.S. dollars
 Overseas Insurance
 —
  100.0
 Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd.
 Pembroke (Bermuda, British Overseas Territory)
 November 30, 2001
  12,000 thousand U.S. dollars
 Overseas Insurance
 —
  100.0
 Endurance U.S. Holdings Corp.
 Purchase (New York, U.S.A.)
 August 2, 2002
  140,000 thousand U.S. dollars
 Overseas Insurance
 —
  100.0
 Sompo America Insurance Company
  New York (New York, U.S.A.)
  August 9, 1962
   13,742 thousand U.S. dollars
  Overseas Insurance
  —
   100.0
  Endurance Worldwide Holdings Limited
 London (U.K.)
  April 10, 2002
 215,967 thousand British pounds
Overseas Insurance
  —
 100.0
 Endurance Worldwide Insurance Limited
  London (U.K.)
  April 10, 2002
   215,967 thousand British pounds
  Overseas Insurance
  —
   100.0
  Sompo International Holdings (Europe) Limited
SI Insurance (Europe), SA
London (U.K.)
Luxembourg (Luxembourg)
December 12, 2017
January 12, 2018
0 thousand euros
30 thousand euros
Overseas — 100.0 Insurance
Overseas — 100.0 Insurance
  Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Company of Europe Limited
  London (U.K.)
  August 20, 1993
   173,700 thousand British pounds
  Overseas Insurance
  —
   100.0
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 95
Corporate Information

The Company, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates (As of March 31, 2018)
  Company Name
 Location of Head Office
 Date of Establishment
  Capital
 Main Business
 Proportion of Voting Rights Held by the Holding Company (%)*1
  Proportion of Voting Rights Held by Subsidiaries or Affiliates of the Holding Company (%)*1
  Sompo Japan Sigorta Anonim Sirketi
   Istanbul (Turkey)
    March 30, 2001
   195,498 thousand Turkish liras
  Overseas Insurance
    —
   100.0
  Sompo Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
 Singapore (Singapore)
  August 1, 2008
 790,761 thousand Singaporean dollars
Overseas Insurance
  —
 100.0
 Sompo Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd.
  Singapore (Singapore)
  December 14, 1989
   318,327 thousand Singaporean dollars
  Overseas Insurance
  —
   100.0
  Berjaya Sompo Insurance Berhad
 Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)
  September 22, 1980
 118,000 thousand Malaysian ringgits
Overseas Insurance
  —
 70.0
 PT Sompo Insurance Indonesia
 Jakarta (Indonesia)
 December 16, 1975
  194,940,000 thousand Indonesian Rupiahs
 Overseas Insurance
 —
  80.0
 Sompo Insurance China Co., Ltd.
 Dalian (China)
 May 31, 2005
  600,000 thousand Chinese yuan
 Overseas Insurance
 —
  100.0
 Sompo Insurance (Hong Kong) Company Limited
 Hong Kong (China)
 March 25, 1977
  270,000 thousand Hong Kong dollars
 Overseas Insurance
 —
  97.8
 Sompo Seguros S.A.
  Sao Paulo (Brazil)
  October 8, 1943
   985,585 thousand Brazilian reals
  Overseas Insurance
  —
   99.9
  Sompo Saude Seguros S.A.
 Sao Paulo (Brazil)
  June 12, 2001
 116,280 thousand Brazilian reals
Overseas Insurance
  —
 100.0
 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd.
 Chuo-ku, Tokyo
 February 25, 1986
  1,550 million Japanese yen
 Other (Asset management service)
 100.0
  —
 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities Inc.
  Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
  May 10, 1999
   3,000 million Japanese yen
  Other (Defined contribution pension plans)
  —
   100.0
  45 other companies
Equity-Method Affiliates
Hitachi Capital Insurance Corporation Chiyoda-ku, June 21, 6,200 million Domestic P&C — 20.6 Tokyo 1994 Japanese yen Insurance
2 other companies
Note: “Subsidiaries and affiliates” includes subsidiaries and affiliates as specified in the Insurance Business Law and the Enforcement Order for the Insurance Business Law.
*1 Figures in proportion of voting rights are rounded to the indicated decimal place.
*2 Sompo Care Message Inc. changed its name to Sompo Care Inc. on April 1, 2018. *3 Sompo Care Next Inc. merged with Sompo Care Inc. on July 1, 2018.
  Company Name
 Location of Head Office
  Date of Establishment
   Capital
  Main Business
  Proportion of Voting Rights Held by the Holding Company (%)*1
   Proportion of Voting Rights Held by Subsidiaries or Affiliates of the Holding Company (%)*1
   Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Limited
  Mumbai (India)
  January 5, 2007
   3,681,818 thousand Indian rupees
  Overseas Insurance
  —
   28.4
  96
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

 Financial Section
Segment Overview (Unaudited) 98 Report of Independent Auditors 107 Consolidated Financial Statements 108 Overview of Business Results of Principal
Consolidated Subsidiaries (Unaudited) 162 Solvency Margin Ratio of Sompo Holdings, Inc.
on a Consolidated Basis (Unaudited) 176
Solvency Margin Ratios of Principal Consolidated Subsidiaries (Unaudited)
178
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 97
Financial Section
Financial Section

Segment Overview (Unaudited)
Domestic P&C Insurance Business
1. Direct premiums written (including deposits of premiums by policyholders)
 (Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
 % of total amount
 % of year-on-year change
 401,178
 15.99%
 5.60%
46,983
1.87
3.89
276,557
11.02
(3.92)
1,127,108
44.91
0.59
297,410
11.85
(6.59)
360,403
 14.36
 4.57
 2,509,641
100.00
0.52
120,380
 4.80
 (8.54)
  Amount
379,901 45,224 287,846
1,120,548
318,407
% of total amount
% of year-on-year change
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
  Fire and allied insurance
Marine insurance
Personal accident insurance
Voluntary automobile insurance
Compulsory automobile liability insurance
15.22% (6.84)% 1.81 (11.45) 11.53 3.61
44.88 1.21
12.75 0.73 13.81 4.44
100.00 0.27 5.27 9.40
Others 344,665
Total 2,496,593
 Deposits of premiums by policyholders
131,617
 Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
2. Direct premiums written (including deposits of premiums by policyholders) is gross premiums written deducted by the sum of surrender benefits of direct policies and
other refunds of direct policies. (Includes deposits of premiums of saving-type insurance policies)
2. Net premiums written
Fire and allied insurance
Marine insurance
Personal accident insurance
Voluntary automobile insurance
Compulsory automobile liability insurance
(Millions of yen)
    Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
 % of total amount
 % of year-on-year change
 282,230
 12.72%
 (1.32)%
47,386
2.14
7.73
182,280
8.22
(1.11)
1,124,201
50.68
0.45
292,021
13.16
(1.31)
290,288
 13.09
 2.64
 2,218,407
 100.00
 0.28
  Total 2,212,230
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
 Amount
286,008 43,987 184,328
1,119,205
% of total amount
12.93% 1.99 8.33
50.59
13.37 12.78
100.00
% of year-on-year change
 295,884 Others 282,816
(13.67)% (14.09)
(1.33) 1.17
(3.69) 2.16
(2.10)
  Note) Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
3. Net claims paid
Fire and allied insurance
Marine insurance
Personal accident insurance
Voluntary automobile insurance
Compulsory automobile liability insurance
(Millions of yen)
    Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
 % of total amount
 % of year-on-year change
 201,779
 15.50%
 7.64%
29,084
2.23
6.40
96,404
7.41
(0.11)
608,645
46.76
3.31
215,441
16.55
(4.02)
150,278
 11.55
 4.08
 1,301,632
 100.00
 2.55
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
 Amount
187,459 27,335 96,509
589,162
% of total amount
14.77% 2.15 7.60
46.42
17.68 11.38
100.00
% of year-on-year change
 98
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
224,462 Others 144,393
(14.37)% (16.48)
(5.32) 0.28
(1.03) 1.60
(3.11)
 Total 1,269,322
 Note) Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.

4. Investment assets
 (Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 Amount
  % of total amount
 497,791
7.39%
74,998
1.11
6,301
0.09
98,613
1.46
4,489,120
66.64
628,099
9.32
232,377
3.45
 6,027,302
 89.47
6,736,732
 100.00
  As of March 31, 2017
 Amount
% of total amount
6.32% 0.84 0.12 1.59
68.16 9.11 4.30
90.44 100.00
  Deposits 415,394
Receivables under resale agreements
Monetary receivables bought
Money trusts
Securities 4,476,894 Loans 598,475 Land & buildings
  Total investment assets Total net assets
282,529
5,940,209 6,568,019
54,999 7,624 104,292
  Note) Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
5. Securities
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Others
Total
Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments. 2. As of March 31, 2017, Others primarily comprised security investment trust beneficiary
As of March 31, 2018, Others primarily comprised security investment trust beneficiary
(Millions of yen)
    As of March 31, 2018
 Amount
  % of total amount
 842,594
18.77%
14,380
0.32
571,645
12.73
1,629,104
36.29
1,366,275
30.44
65,119
 1.45
 4,489,120
 100.00
  As of March 31, 2017
 Amount
929,563 11,363 572,012 1,560,507 1,352,727 50,720
4,476,894
% of total amount
20.76% 0.25
12.78 34.86 30.22
1.13
100.00
      securities amounting to 37,716 million yen. securities amounting to 51,499 million yen.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 99
Financial Section

6. Yield
(1) Income yield
 (Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Income amount
 Average amount under management
 Annualized yield
 96
 458,442
 0.02%
0
80
0.03
3
72,887
0.00
150
6,375
2.36
2,395
95,770
2.50
92,929
3,338,115
2.78
6,505
611,659
1.06
3,703
 278,313
 1.33
 105,783
4,861,646
2.18
 1,218
     107,002
       Income amount
Average amount under management
463,923 519
113,354
8,416 109,169 3,506,606 585,926 289,066
5,076,982
Annualized yield
0.00% 0.01
0.00
2.29 2.45 2.89 1.10 1.33
2.26
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
 Deposits 21
Call loans
Receivables under resale agreements
Monetary receivables bought
Money trusts
Securities 101,489 Loans 6,441 Land & buildings 3,855
Subtotal 114,677
Others 1,060
Total 115,737
192 2,672
0
4
         Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
2. Income is the sum of interest and dividend income and the amount equivalent to the interest and dividend income that is included in investment gains on money trusts
and investment losses on money trusts in consolidated statements of income.
3. Average amount under management calculations are, in principle, based on average balances (acquisition costs or amortization costs) at the end of each month.
Meanwhile, the calculations of call loans, receivables under resale agreements and monetary receivables bought are based on average balances (acquisition costs or
amortization costs) at the end of each day.
4. Securities listed on the Consolidated Balance Sheet include shares in affiliates accounted for under the equity method, but exclude those shares calculating
average amounts under management and annualized yields.
(2) Realized yield
(Millions of yen)
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
      Investment profit (realized basis)
Average amount under management (acquisition cost basis)
Annualized yield
Investment profit (realized basis)
150
5,307
160,193
4,561
3,703
(11,606)
(170)
0
3
Average amount under management (acquisition cost basis)
72,887
6,375
95,770
3,338,115
611,659
278,313
80
Annualized yield
      (1,578)
458,442
(0.34)%
0.03
0.00
2.36
5.54
4.80
0.75
1.33
       160,563
4,861,646
3.30
    Deposits 760
463,923 0.16% 519 0.01
113,354 0.00
8,416 2.29 109,169 2.14 3,506,606 4.72 585,926 1.31 289,066 1.33
Call loans
Receivables under resale agreements
Monetary receivables bought
Money trusts
Securities 165,507 Loans 7,654 Land & buildings
Derivatives
Others
Total
Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
2. Investment profit (realized basis) excludes investment expenses from total amount of investment income and interest and dividend income on deposits of
192 2,336
3,855 (16,498) 1,315
0
4
    165,128 5,076,982 3.25
 100
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
premiums, etc., on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
3. Average amount under management (acquisition cost basis) calculations are, in principle, based on average balances (acquisition costs or amortization costs) at the end
of each month. Meanwhile, the calculations of call loans, receivables under resale agreements and monetary receivables bought are based on average balances (acquisition
costs or amortization costs) at the end of each day.
4. Securities listed on the Consolidated Balance Sheet include shares in affiliates accounted for under the equity method, but exclude those shares calculating
average amounts under management and annualized yields.

7. Foreign investments
Foreign currency denominated securities Foreign bonds
Foreign stocks
Others
(Millions of yen)
    As of March 31, 2018
 Amount
  % of total amount
 786,891
53.37%
120,587
8.18
310,948
 21.09
 1,218,427
82.63
  3,600
0.24
44,623
3.03
207,848
 14.10
 256,071
17.37
 1,474,498
 100.00
  2.38%
 2.49
  As of March 31, 2017
 Amount
826,591 132,399 248,876
% of total amount
56.61% 9.07
17.05
82.73
0.25
5.44 11.59
17.27
100.00
2.86% 2.58
    Subtotal 1,207,867
Yen-denominated securities
Loan for non-resident 3,600 Foreign bonds 79,421 Others 169,193
Subtotal 252,214
      Total
Yield on foreign investments
Income yield
Realized yield
1,460,081
    Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
2. Figures include the amount managed as money trust.
3. Assets associated with foreign investments under income yield within yield for foreign investments are calculated using the same method as 6. Yield (1) Income yield.
4. Assets associated with foreign investments under realized yield within yield for foreign investments are calculated using the same method as 6. Yield (2) Realized yield.
5. As of March 31, 2017, others in foreign currency denominated securities primarily comprised security investment trust beneficiary securities amounting to 202,278 million
yen, and others in yen-denominated securities primarily comprised security investment trust beneficiary securities amounting to 123,107 million yen.
As of March 31, 2018, others in foreign currency denominated securities primarily comprised security investment trust beneficiary securities amounting to 239,262 million yen, and others in yen-denominated securities primarily comprised security investment trust beneficiary securities amounting to 156,103 million yen.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 101
Financial Section

Domestic Life Insurance Business
1. Total amount of business in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
(Millions of yen)
    As of March 31, 2018
 Amount
 % of year-on-year change
 21,877,872
 (0.86)%
247,948
(4.12)
2,784,686
3.09
—
 —
 As of March 31, 2017
Amount
22,066,920 258,609 2,701,178 —
% of year-on-year change
3.24% (3.26) (4.52)
—
  Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
2. Amounts of individual annuities represent the sums of annuity fund at the beginning of annuity payment of contracts before the beginning of annuity payment and policy
reserves for the contracts after the beginning of annuity payment.
2. Total amount of new business
 (Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 New business + Net increase on conversion
 New business
 Net increase on conversion
 1,484,076
 1,484,076
 —
—
—
—
18,461
18,461
—
—
 —
 —
 Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
New business + Net New business increase on conversion
2,430,551 2,430,551 3,588 3,588 18,064 18,064 — —
Net increase on conversion
— — — —
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
   Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
2. Amounts of new business and net increase on conversion for individual annuities represent annuity fund at the beginning of annuity payment.
3. Investment assets
 (Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 Amount
  % of total amount
 90,465
3.23%
2,593,406
92.72
39,865
1.43
433
0.02
 2,724,171
 97.40
2,796,934
 100.00
 Amount
% of total amount
2.24% 93.95
1.48 0.02
97.68 100.00
As of March 31, 2017
 Deposits 58,073 Securities 2,433,504 Loans 38,254 Land & buildings
 Total investment assets Total net assets
396
2,530,229 2,590,322
 102
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Note) Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.

4. Securities
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities
(Millions of yen)
    As of March 31, 2018
 Amount
  % of total amount
 1,771,498
68.31%
61,623
2.38
355,247
13.70
9,234
0.36
395,802
 15.26
 2,593,406
 100.00
 As of March 31, 2017
Amount
1,697,380 58,834 343,504 7,964 325,819
% of total amount
69.75% 2.42
14.12 0.33 13.39
100.00
  Total 2,433,504
Note) Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
 5. Yield
(1) Income yield
(Millions of yen)
    Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Income amount
 Average amount under management
 Annualized yield
 —
 76,714
 —%
42,635
2,447,617
1.74
1,181
38,913
3.04
—
 442
 —
 43,816
2,563,687
1.71
 —
     43,816
        Deposits — Securities 40,441 Loans 1,141 Land & buildings —
Subtotal 41,582
Others —
Total 41,582
Income amount
Average amount under management
48,509 2,275,304 37,729 429
2,361,973
Annualized yield
—% 1.78
3.02 —
1.76
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
           Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments, excluding investment gains and assets on special account specified in Article 118
of the Insurance Business Act.
2. Income amount represents interest and dividend income on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
3. Average amount under management calculations are, in principle, based on average balances (acquisition costs or amortization costs) at the end of each month.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 103
Financial Section

(2) Realized yield
Deposits Securities
Loans
Land & buildings Derivatives Others
Total
(Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
0 48,509 0.00% 43,426 2,275,304 1.91 1,141 37,729 3.02 — 429 —
(1,125)
(67)
43,375 2,361,973 1.84
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
      Investment profit (realized basis)
Average amount under management (acquisition cost basis)
Annualized yield
Investment profit (realized basis)
Average amount under management (acquisition cost basis)
Annualized yield
      43,897
1,181
(1,384)
      43,607
0
—
(87)
76,714
2,447,617
38,913
2,563,687
442
0.00%
1.79
3.04
—
 1.70
          Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments, excluding investment gains and assets on special account specified in Article 118
of the Insurance Business Act.
2. Investment profit (realized basis) excludes investment expenses from investment income on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
3. Average amount under management (acquisition cost basis) calculations are, in principle, based on average balances (acquisition costs or amortization costs) at the end
of each month.
6. Foreign investments
Foreign currency denominated securities Foreign bonds
Others
Subtotal
Yen-denominated securities Foreign bonds
Subtotal
Total
Yield on foreign investments
Income yield
Realized yield
(Millions of yen)
    As of March 31, 2018
 Amount
  % of total amount
 376,018
96.53%
166
 0.04
 376,184
96.57
  13,350
 3.43
 13,350
3.43
 389,535
 100.00
  2.19%
 2.00
  As of March 31, 2017
 Amount
303,234 893
304,127
16,236
16,236
320,364
% of total amount
94.65% 0.28
94.93
5.07
5.07
100.00
2.24% 2.61
              104
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments, excluding investment gains and assets on special account specified
in Article 118 of the Insurance Business Act.
2. Assets associated with foreign investments under income yield within yield on foreign investments are calculated using the same method as 5. Yield (1) Income yield. 3. Assets associated with foreign investments under realized yield within yield on foreign investments are calculated using the same method as 5. Yield (2) Realized yield. 4. Others in foreign currency denominated securities is entirely attributable to deposits.

Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
Ordinary income increased 8.7 billion yen, to 127.8 billion yen, compared with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. Net loss attributable to shareholders of the parent decreased 5.3 billion yen from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, to a net loss of 1.4 billion yen.
Overseas Insurance Business
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Amount % of year-on-year change
Net premiums written 338,105 15.55%
Note) Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
(Reference) Overview of Entire Business
1. Direct premiums written (including deposits of premiums by policyholders)
(Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
  % of year-on-year change
 636,347
 88.21%
      (Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
 % of total amount
 % of year-on-year change
 538,247
 17.00%
 12.52%
104,351
3.30
17.63
288,131
9.10
(3.60)
1,250,159
39.49
(0.13)
297,410
9.40
(6.59)
687,145
 21.71
 57.32
 3,165,447
100.00
10.18
120,380
 3.80
 (8.54)
  318,407 Others 436,772
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
 Amount
478,351 88,710 298,883
1,251,748
% of total amount
% of year-on-year change
 Fire and allied insurance
Marine insurance
Personal accident insurance
Voluntary automobile insurance
Compulsory automobile liability insurance
16.65% (3.51)% 3.09 (0.75) 10.40 4.53
43.57 4.38
11.08 0.73 15.20 3.22
100.00 2.25 4.58 9.40
 Total
Deposits of premiums by policyholders
2,872,874 131,617
 Notes)
1. Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
2. Direct premiums written (including deposits of premiums by policyholders) is gross premiums written deducted by the sum of surrender benefits of direct policies and
other refunds of direct policies. (Includes deposits of premiums of saving-type insurance policies)
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 105
Financial Section

2. Net premiums written
Fire and allied insurance
Marine insurance
Personal accident insurance
Voluntary automobile insurance
Compulsory automobile liability insurance
(Millions of yen)
    Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
 % of total amount
 % of year-on-year change
 454,125
 15.91%
 21.57%
105,325
3.69
32.76
192,798
6.75
(0.70)
1,241,314
43.48
(0.35)
292,021
10.23
(1.31)
569,170
 19.94
 57.34
 2,854,755
 100.00
 11.94
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
 Amount
373,558 79,335 194,152 1,245,666
295,884
% of total amount
14.65% 3.11 7.61
48.84 11.60 14.18
100.00
% of year-on-year change
 Others 361,739
Total 2,550,336
(8.40)% (7.65) (0.07)
4.00 (3.69)
0.72
(0.07)
  Note) Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
3. Net claims paid
Fire and allied insurance
Marine insurance
Personal accident insurance
Voluntary automobile insurance
Compulsory automobile liability insurance
(Millions of yen)
    Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
 % of total amount
 % of year-on-year change
 337,488
 19.87%
 47.24%
63,003
3.71
52.47
100,955
5.94
1.43
679,027
39.99
5.31
215,441
12.69
(4.02)
302,254
 17.80
 60.43
 1,698,171
 100.00
 18.94
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
 Amount
229,211 41,321 99,533
644,783
% of total amount
% of year-on-year change
 106
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
224,462 Others 188,400
2.89 6.97
45.16
15.72 13.20
100.00
(14.63) (5.79)
0.87
(1.03) (1.06)
(2.32)
Total 1,427,712
16.05% (8.74)%
  Note) Figures are amounts before the elimination of internal transactions between segments.

Report of Independent Auditors
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 107
Financial Section

Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Assets:
Cash and deposits
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary receivables bought
Money trusts
Securities
Loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Leased assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Software
Goodwill
Other intangible fixed assets Other assets
Net defined benefit asset Deferred tax assets
Allowance for possible credit losses
Total assets
Notes No.
As of March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
  As of March 31, 2018
  Amount
894,437
74,998
6,727
98,744
8,275,132
668,419
354,593
132,601
123,682
59,305
6,935
32,069
402,839
20,090
223,977
158,770
1,155,305
1,062
22,312
(6,249)
Composition ratio
   7.49%
0.63
0.06
0.83
69.26
5.59
2.97
3.37
9.67
0.01
0.19
(0.05)
80,220
19,999
(4,991)
(5,678)
(28,696)
29,650
(47,886)
(39,974)
(9,226)
(4,326)
4,161
1,479
(66,986)
8,147
(55,409)
(19,725)
35,870
306
5,117
 11,948,323
263
  100.00
17,188
      Amount
Composition ratio
     *5 814,217 6.82% 54,999 0.46 *5 11,718 0.10 104,423 0.88 8,303,829 69.60 638,768 5.35 402,480 3.37
172,575 132,909 63,632 2,774 30,589
469,825 3.94 11,943
279,386
178,495
1,119,434 9.38
756 0.01 17,194 0.14
*3, *5, *6 *4, *8
*1, *2, *5
(6,512)
(0.05)
  11,931,135 100.00
 108
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheet (Continued)
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Liabilities:
Underwriting funds:
Reserve for outstanding losses and claims Underwriting reserves
Corporate bonds
Other liabilities *5 Net defined benefit liability
Reserve for retirement benefits to directors
Reserve for bonus payments
Reserve for bonus payments to directors
Reserve for stocks payments
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation Deferred tax liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets:
Shareholders’ equity: Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale
Deferred gains and losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Stock acquisition rights Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Notes No.
As of March 31, 2017
As of March 31, 2018
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
     Amount
8,335,158 1,674,277 6,660,881
Composition ratio
69.86%
Amount
Composition ratio
       8,277,130 69.27% (58,027)
1,563,825 (110,451)
6,713,304 52,423
512,045 4.29 87,053
939,362 7.86 (38,980)
102,992 0.86 (31,271)
40 0.00 4
31,731 0.27 (3,522)
290 0.00 (15)
937 0.01 491
86,095 0.72 11,894
86,095 11,894
81,487 0.68 2,291
 10,032,113 83.96 (30,081)
 100,045 0.84 —
408,335 3.42 (47)
603,615 5.05 102,054
(128,182) (1.07) (56,722)
983,814 8.23 45,284
922,425 7.72 58,970
7,050 0.06 (952)
(22,317) (0.19) (44,981)
(3,205) (0.03) 26,471
903,954 7.57 39,509
749 0.01 (177)
27,692 0.23 (37,346)
 1,916,210 16.04 47,269
 11,948,323 100.00 17,188
  424,991 3.56 978,343 8.20 134,263 1.13
36 0.00 35,253 0.30 306 0.00 445 0.00 74,200 0.62
74,200
79,195 0.66
10,062,195 84.34
100,045 0.84 408,382 3.42 501,561 4.20
  (71,459)
938,529 7.87
863,455 7.24
8,003 0.07 22,663 0.19
(29,676)
864,445 7.25
926 0.01 65,038 0.55
1,868,940 15.66
11,931,135 100.00
(0.60)
(0.25)
    Integrated Annual Report 2018 109
Financial Section

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Income Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposits of premiums by policyholders
Interest and dividend income on deposits of premiums, etc. Life insurance premiums written
Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividend income
Investment gains on money trusts
Investment gains on trading securities
Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Investment gains on special account
Other investment income
Transfer of interest and dividend income on deposits of premiums, etc.
Other ordinary income:
Investment gains on the equity method Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses *1 Net commissions and brokerage fees *1 Maturity refunds to policyholders
Dividends to policyholders
Life insurance claims paid and other payments
Provision for reserve for outstanding losses and claims Provision for underwriting reserves
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivatives
Other investment expenses
Operating, general and administrative expenses *1 Other ordinary expenses:
Interest paid
Provision for allowance for possible credit losses Losses on bad debt
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
Notes No.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
     Amount
3,419,530 3,050,550 2,550,336
131,617 41,823 323,860 2,911 232,846 173,563 2,534 5,574 81,973 256 1,851 8,918
(41,823)
136,133 398 135,734
3,177,817 2,515,138 1,427,712
136,599 484,365 226,431
87 82,779 31,018 118,856 7,285 41,213 198 14,560 3,257 192 18,298 4,705 506,537 114,927 9,657 119 120 105,029
241,713
% of ordinary income
100.00% 89.21
6.81
3.98
92.93 73.55
1.21
14.81 3.36
7.07
Amount
% of ordinary income
       3,770,052 100.00% 350,522
3,369,720 89.38 319,170
2,854,755 304,418
120,380 (11,236)
39,333 (2,490)
346,998 23,137
8,252 5,341
254,395 6.75 21,548
190,863 17,299
5,476 2,941
11,461 5,886
83,450 1,476
756 500
1,478 (372)
242 (8,676)
(39,333) 2,490
145,936 3.87 9,803
592 194
145,344 9,609
 3,628,162 96.24 450,345
2,868,010 76.07 352,872
1,698,171 270,458
138,317 1,717
516,938 32,572
231,367 4,936
186 99
88,899 6,120
75,625 44,606
113,706 (5,150)
4,797 (2,488)
29,270 0.78 (11,943)
168 (29)
9,682 (4,878)
3,745 487
97 (95)
11,546 (6,752)
4,030 (675)
608,427 16.14 101,889
122,453 3.25 7,526
14,549 4,892
— (119)
60 (60)
107,843 2,814
 141,890 3.76 (99,822)
     110
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Income (Continued) Sompo Holdings, Inc.
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
 % of ordinary income
 30,692
 0.81%
4,714
25,978
58,246
1.54
35,200
11,132
11,894
11,894
18
  114,336
3.03
13,618
0.36
(35,920)
(0.95)
(22,301)
(0.59)
136,637
3.62
(3,179)
(0.08)
 139,817
  3.71
   Notes No.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
       Extraordinary gains:
Gains on disposal of fixed assets
Other extraordinary gains *3
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on disposal of fixed assets
Impairment losses *2 Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation Losses on reduction of real estate
Net income before income taxes Income taxes
Deferred income taxes
Total income taxes
Net income
Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling shareholders
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Gross investment margin
Other ordinary income and expenses Investment gains on the equity method Extraordinary gains and losses
Amount
9,381 9,312 69 19,105 6,983 387 11,713 11,713 20
231,989 58,171 7,101 65,272 166,716
313
166,402
191,633 21,206 398
(9,724)
% of ordinary income
0.27% 0.56
6.78 1.70 0.21 1.91 4.88
0.01
4.87
    225,124
23,483
592
(27,554)
21,310
(4,598)
25,909
39,140
28,217
10,744
(117,652)
181
181
(44,552)
(43,021)
(87,574)
(30,078)
(3,493)
(2)
  (26,585)
    33,491
2,277
194
(17,829)
    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Sompo Holdings, Inc.
(Millions of yen)
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
 136,637
59,196
(952)
(43,504)
26,458
(81)
 41,116
 177,754
 180,373
(2,618)
  Notes No.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Amount 166,716
37,559 (2,507) 30,176 (5,026)
30
60,232
226,949
227,039 (90)
   Net income
Other comprehensive income:
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale Deferred gains and losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income of affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Total other comprehensive income *1
Comprehensive income
(Comprehensive income attributable to)
Comprehensive income attributable to shareholders of the parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling shareholders
     Integrated Annual Report 2018 111
Financial Section

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
(Millions of yen)
 Shareholders’ equity
  Common stock
    Capital surplus
  Retained earnings
    Treasury stock
   Total shareholders’ equity
     Balance at the beginning of the period
Changes during the period:
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in the scope of consolidation
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period
Balance at the end of the period
Balance at the beginning of the period
Changes during the period:
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in the scope of consolidation
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period
Balance at the end of the period
100,045
411,086
(229)
(2,703)
408,382
10,510
364,888
(31,925)
166,402
2,195
136,672
501,561
(7,965)
(36,975)
(35,230)
745
(34,484)
(71,459)
(24,648)
839,045
(31,925)
166,402
(35,230)
516
2,195
99,484
938,529
803,808
        Changes in interest of the parent related to transactions with non-controlling shareholders
       (2,474)
         (2,474)
  —
100,045
825,912
1,486
8,498
1,652,839
(31,925)
166,402
(35,230)
516
2,195
116,615
216,100
1,868,940
     Accumulated other comprehensive income
  Stock acquisition rights
  Noncontrolling interests
   Total net assets
  Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale
    Deferred gains and losses on hedges
  Foreign currency translation adjustments
    Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
   Total accumulated other comprehensive income
            Changes in interest of the parent related to transactions with non-controlling shareholders
                         (2,474)
 37,542
37,542
863,455
(2,507)
(2,507)
8,003
30,629
30,629
22,663
(5,027)
(5,027)
(29,676)
60,636
60,636
864,445
(560)
(560)
926
56,539
56,539
65,038
    112
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets (Continued)
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Balance at the beginning of the period Changes during the period:
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Acquisition of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in the scope of consolidation
Others
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period Balance at the end of the period
Balance at the beginning of the period Changes during the period:
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Acquisition of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in the scope of consolidation
Others
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period Balance at the end of the period
           Shareholders’ equity
(41,027)
(Millions of yen)
            Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
     100,045
408,382
501,561
(71,459)
938,529
          (41,027)
     139,817
139,817
     (56,941)
(56,941)
     (45)
  2,332
219
173
   2,332
             Changes in interest of the parent related to transactions with non-controlling shareholders
(1)
(1)
      931
931
          —
(47)
(56,722)
45,284
    100,045
408,335
102,054
 603,615
(128,182)
983,814
                        Accumulated other comprehensive income
              Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale
58,970
Deferred gains and losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
22,663
(44,981)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Stock acquisition rights
Noncontrolling interests
Total net assets
        863,455
8,003
(29,676)
864,445
                                                                        39,509
926
(177)
65,038
(37,346)
1,868,940
(41,027)
 139,817
 (56,941)
 173
 2,332
     Changes in interest of the parent related to transactions with non-controlling shareholders
1,985
(1)
  931
 (952)
26,471
        58,970
(952)
(44,981)
26,471
39,509
(177)
(37,346)
47,269
        922,425
7,050
(22,317)
(3,205)
903,954
749
27,692
1,916,210
             Integrated Annual Report 2018 113
Financial Section

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income before income taxes
Depreciation
Impairment losses
Amortization of goodwill
Increase (decrease) in reserve for outstanding losses and claims Increase (decrease) in underwriting reserves
Increase (decrease) in allowance for possible credit losses Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
Increase (decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits to directors Increase (decrease) in reserve for bonus payments
Increase (decrease) in reserve for bonus payments to directors Increase (decrease) in reserve for stocks payments
Increase (decrease) in reserve for price fluctuation
Interest and dividend income
Losses (gains) on investment in securities Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses (gains)
Losses (gains) related to tangible fixed assets Losses (gains) related to loans
Investment losses (gains) on the equity method
Decrease (increase) in other assets (other than investing and financing activities) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities (other than investing and financing activities) Others
Subtotal
Interest and dividend received Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Cash flows from operating activities
Notes No.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Amount
231,989 25,603 387 8,907 21,218 114,436 88 2,985
(78) 146 125 445
11,713 (173,563) (64,217)
9,657 (8,623) (7,429)
1 (398) (15,360)
20,947 34,503
213,486
175,913 (8,250) (18,228)
362,920
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
      Amount Amount
  114,336 (117,652)
73,069 47,466
11,132 10,744
25,731 16,823
91,837 70,618
110,798 (3,638)
(222) (310)
4,877 1,891
4 82
(1,547) (1,694)
(15) (141)
491 45
11,894 181
(190,863) (17,299)
(70,667) (6,449)
14,549 4,892
(1,349) 7,274
28,220 35,650
10
(592) (194)
(71,583) (56,223)
9,294 (11,653)
(15,167) (49,670)
 144,227 (69,258)
 193,223 17,309
(13,906) (5,656)
(77,109) (58,880)
 246,433 (116,486)
         114
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Cash flows from investing activities:
Net decrease (increase) in deposits
Purchase of monetary receivables bought
Proceeds from sales and redemption of monetary receivables bought
Increase in money trusts
Decrease in money trusts
Purchase of securities
Proceeds from sales and redemption of securities
Loans made
Collection of loans
Net increase (decrease) in receivables under securities borrowing transactions and payables under securities lending transactions
Others
Total of investment transactions
Total of operating activities and investment transactions as above
Acquisition of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets
Acquisition of stocks of subsidiaries resulting in changes in the scope of consolidation
Proceeds from sales of stocks of subsidiaries resulting in changes in the scope of consolidation
Others
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from borrowings
Repayments of borrowings
Proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds
Redemption of corporate bonds
Net increase (decrease) in payables under securities lending transactions
Proceeds from sales of treasury stock
Acquisition of treasury stock
Dividends paid
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders
Repayments to non-controlling shareholders
Acquisition of stocks of subsidiaries that do not result in changes in the scope of consolidation
Others
Cash flows from financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period
Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from newly consolidated subsidiaries
Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from merger Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period
Notes No.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
(35,467) — 3,410
(16,737) 33,185 (1,345,927) 1,410,254
(212,039) 173,918
—
44,975
55,573
418,494
(15,786) 12,302
(549,226)
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
       Amount
Amount Amount
  (22,547) 12,919
(415) (415)
5,173 1,762
(96) 16,640
8,531 (24,654)
(1,589,361) (243,434)
1,581,387 171,132
(198,238) 13,800
154,792 (19,125)
22,921 22,921
(11,354) (56,330)
 (49,207) (104,781)
 197,226 (221,268)
 (24,178) (8,391)
24,298 11,995
— 549,226
67,991 67,991
(50,763) (21,231)
 (31,859) 494,809
 152,150 152,100
(15,937) (9,209)
100,000 (100,000)
(11,300) (11,184)
(154,345) (404,409)
46 20
(56,941) (21,710)
(40,983) (9,097)
(7,205) (7,132)
(25,990) (25,990)
(16) 4,661
(6,073) 1,519
 (66,597) (430,432)
 3,365 9,044
 151,343 (43,065)
 773,466 196,675
6,224 6,224
— (2,266)
 931,033 157,567
          *2 — (29,531)
               *1
(526,668)
50 (6,728) 200,000 (115)
250,063 25 (35,230)
(31,885) (72) —
(4,678)
(7,593)
363,835
(5,679)
194,408
576,791 —
2,266
773,466
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 115
Financial Section

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
1. Significant Accounting Policies for the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Scope of consolidation
(1) Number of consolidated subsidiaries: 73 companies
Name of major subsidiaries
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Services Inc.
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc.
Sompo Care Message Inc.
Sompo Care Next Inc.
Sompo Risk Management & Health Care Inc.
SOMPO JAPAN NIPPONKOA ASSET MANAGEMENT CO., LTD. Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities Inc.
Sompo International Holdings Ltd.
Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd.
Endurance U.S. Holdings Corp.
Sompo America Insurance Company
Endurance Worldwide Holdings Limited
Endurance Worldwide Insurance Limited
Sompo International Holdings (Europe) Limited
SI Insurance (Europe), SA
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Company of Europe Limited Sompo Japan Sigorta Anonim Sirketi
Sompo Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
Sompo Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Berjaya Sompo Insurance Berhad
PT Sompo Insurance Indonesia
Sompo Insurance China Co., Ltd.
Sompo Insurance (Hong Kong) Company Limited
Sompo Seguros S.A.
Sompo Saúde Seguros S.A.
Sompo America Holdings Inc. was merged by absorption into Endurance U.S. Holdings Corp. on December 31, 2017.
Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. is excluded from the scope of consolidation during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 because the liquidation procedure has been completed on November 7, 2017. Sompo International Holdings (Europe) Limited and SI Insurance (Europe), SA became subsidiaries and thus are included in the scope of consolidation in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
Sompo Canopius AG (renamed Canopius AG on January 4, 2018) and its group companies are excluded from the scope of consolidation during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 because they ceased to be subsidiaries due to the share transfer. The consolidated statement of income and consolidated statement of comprehensive income include their profits and losses up to the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. PT Sompo Insurance Indonesia is included in the scope of consolidation in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, due to an increase in its materiality.
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance (China) Co., Ltd. changed its name to Sompo Insurance China Co., Ltd. on July 1, 2017.
(2) Names of major non-consolidated subsidiaries
Names of major subsidiaries
• Sompo Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited
• Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Reinsurance Company Limited
 116
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

As the non-consolidated subsidiaries do not have a material impact on reasonable judgment about the financial conditions and results of operations of Sompo Holdings Group (“SOMPO HOLDINGS”) in terms of total assets, ordinary income, net income or loss and retained earnings, etc. to the extent of equity position of Sompo Holdings, Inc. (“the Company”), they are excluded from the scope of consolidation.
2. Application of the equity method
(1) Number of affiliates accounted for under the equity method: 4 companies
Name of major affiliates
• Hitachi Capital Insurance Corporation
• Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Limited
(2) The non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates (Sompo Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited and Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Reinsurance Company Limited, etc.) do not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements in terms of net income or loss and retained earnings, etc. to the extent of the equity position of the Company even if they are excluded from the scope of the equity method, and they do not have a material impact as a whole. Therefore they are excluded from the scope of the equity method.
(3) The Company holds 26.6% of voting rights of Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Co., Ltd. (“J.E.R.”) through its domestic consolidated property and casualty insurance subsidiaries. As J.E.R. is engaged in public business and the Company is not considered to have a material impact on J.E.R.’s decisions of finance, promotion and business strategy, J.E.R. is excluded from affiliates.
3. The fiscal year of consolidated subsidiaries
The balance sheet dates of the foreign consolidated subsidiaries are December 31. As the difference between the balance sheet dates and the consolidated balance sheet date does not exceed three months, the financial statements as of December 31 are used for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Necessary adjustments are made for the significant transactions during the periods from the balance sheet dates of the subsidiaries to the consolidated balance sheet date.
4. Accounting policies
(1) Valuation policies and methods for securities
(a) Trading securities are carried at fair value.
Cost of sale is calculated based on the moving-average method.
(b) Bonds held to maturity are carried at amortized cost based on the moving-average method.
(c) Policy reserve matching bonds are carried at amortized cost based on the moving-average method in accordance with “Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Policy Reserve Matching Bonds in the Insurance Industry” (Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants Industry Audit Practice Committee Report No.21).
The outline of risk management policy in relation to policy reserve matching bonds is as follows. Domestic consolidated life insurance subsidiary sets up the sub-category for individual insurance depending on line of business and investment policy, etc., and follows the management policy to match the duration of the policy reserve in the sub-category with the duration of policy reserve matching bonds within a certain range.
(d) Stocks of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates that are not accounted for under the equity method are carried at cost based on the moving-average method.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 117
Financial Section

118 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
(e) Securities available for sale (excluding securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value) are carried at fair value based on the market price and other factors at the end of the fiscal year.
Unrealized gains and losses are directly included in net assets and cost of sale is calculated based on the moving-average method.
(f) Securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value are carried at cost based on the moving-average method.
(g) Securities managed as trust assets in individually operated money trusts for primarily trading purposes are carried at fair value.
(h) Securities managed as trust assets in individually operated money trusts classified as other than trading purposes or held to maturity are carried on the same basis as that of securities available for sale.
(2) Valuation policies and methods for derivative transactions
Derivative transactions are carried at fair value.
(3) Depreciation methods of significant depreciable assets
(a) Tangible fixed assets (excluding leased assets)
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets (excluding leased assets) is calculated by using the straight-line method.
(Changes in accounting policies which are difficult to distinguish from changes in accounting estimates) The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries have changed the depreciation method for tangible fixed assets from the declining-balance method to the straight-line method since the beginning of the fiscal year 2017. Previously, the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries applied the declining-balance method for depreciation of tangible fixed assets except for buildings acquired on or after April 1, 1998 and structures and fixtures attached to buildings acquired on or after April 1, 2016, to which the straight-line method was applied.
The proportion of companies adopting the straight-line method has increased due to the recent expansion in our overseas insurance business. In addition, in domestic P&C insurance business, it is expected that tangible fixed assets will be used stably over their useful lives in the future, due to the completion of combination and reorganization of bases and system integration resulting from merger. For these reasons, the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries reviewed unification of its depreciation methods and determined that allocating depreciation expenses equally represents the actual situation more and is a reasonable method. Herewith, SOMPO HOLDINGS will be able to unify accounting policies applied by domestic consolidated subsidiaries with those applied by overseas consolidated subsidiaries that have been using the straight-line method, and be able to provide more useful financial information.
As a result of this change, both ordinary profit and net income before income taxes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 increased by 3,011 million yen, compared with the previous accounting method.
(b) Intangible fixed assets (excluding leased assets)
Amortization of intangible fixed assets (excluding leased assets) is calculated by using the straight-line method.
As for intangible fixed assets acquired through the acquisition of overseas subsidiaries, amortization is being carried out over the estimated period of its effect and as its effect emerges.
Amortization of software for internal use held by the consolidated subsidiaries is calculated by using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives.
(c) Leased assets
Leased assets under finance lease transactions that are not deemed to transfer ownership of the leased assets to the lessee for the domestic consolidated subsidiaries have been depreciated using the straight-line method over the period of the lease.

(4) Accounting policies for significant reserves
(a) Allowance for possible credit losses
In order to provide for losses from defaults, the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries establish allowance for possible credit losses in accordance with the internal standards for self-assessment of assets and the policy of write-off and provision.
For claims against debtors that have legally, formally or substantially entered into bankruptcy, special liquidation or whose notes have been under suspension at clearing houses, allowances are provided based on the amount remaining after deduction of the estimated collectable amounts by the disposal of collateral and by guarantees.
For claims against debtors that are highly likely to go bankrupt in the future, allowances are provided based on the amount considered necessary according to overall solvency assessment of the debtor, after deduction of estimated collectable amounts by disposal of collateral and by guarantees.
For claims other than those described above, allowances are provided based on the amount of claims multiplied by the default rate, which is calculated based on historical credit loss experience for a certain period in the past.
The departments responsible for respective assets assess relevant claim in accordance with the internal standards for self-assessment of assets. The asset auditing department independently reviews the results and allowances are provided based on the reviewed results.
The other consolidated subsidiaries determine mainly the collectability of the receivables respectively to provide allowances to cover the estimated future losses.
(b) Reserve for retirement benefits to directors
In order to provide for retirement benefits to directors, the domestic consolidated subsidiaries record the amount deemed accrued at the end of the fiscal year based on internal regulations.
(c) Reserve for bonus payments
In order to provide for employees’ bonus payments, reserve for bonus payments is recorded, with the estimated amount to be paid at the end of the fiscal year.
(d) Reserve for bonus payments to directors
In order to provide for directors’ bonus payments, reserve for bonus payments to directors is recorded, with the estimated amount to be paid at the end of the fiscal year.
(e) Reserve for stocks payments
In order to provide for the grant of Company shares to directors (excluding outside directors) and executive officers of SOMPO HOLDINGS, according to the “Rules on Distribution of Shares for Officers,” reserve for stocks payments is recorded, with the estimated amount of the stock payment obligation at the end of the fiscal year.
(f) Reserve for price fluctuation
In order to provide for possible losses arising from price fluctuation of stock, etc., the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries set aside reserves under Article 115 of the Insurance Business Act.
(5) Methods of accounting procedures for retirement benefits
(a) Allocation method of projected retirement
Benefit formula method is mainly used for calculating retirement benefit obligation as the method for attributing projected retirement benefits to the end of the current consolidated fiscal year.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 119
Financial Section

120 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
(b) Amortization method of actuarial difference and prior service costs
Actuarial difference is mainly amortized from the following fiscal year by using the straight-line attribution method over certain years (10 to 11 years) within the average remaining service years of employees in each fiscal year when the difference occurs.
Prior service costs are mainly amortized by using the straight-line method over certain years (5 years) within the average remaining service years of employees at the time of occurrence.
(6) Significant hedge accounting
Generally the consolidated subsidiaries apply the exceptional treatment for certain interest rate swaps to hedge cash flow fluctuation risk of floating-rate loans and bonds to the extent that such transactions meet the conditions required for the application of the exceptional treatment.
The deferred hedge accounting method is applied to interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate fluctuation risk related to long-term insurance contracts based on “The Accounting and Auditing Treatment on the Application of the Financial Products Accounting Standard to the Insurance Industry” (Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants Industry Audit Practice Committee Report No. 26). Since insurance liabilities as hedged item and interest rate swaps as hedging instrument are grouped by certain remaining periods, and then designated as hedge, the hedge is highly effective and the assessment of hedge effectiveness is omitted. The consolidated subsidiaries apply the fair value hedge accounting method to equity swaps for hedging the future stock price fluctuation risks.
Generally the fair value hedge accounting method is applied to forward foreign exchanges, currency options and currency swaps in order to reduce foreign exchange rate fluctuation risk on foreign currency denominated assets, etc. The assignment accounting as an exceptional treatment is applied to certain transactions to the extent that such transactions meet the conditions required for application of the assignment accounting. Deferred hedge is applied to the part of foreign exchange forward contracts to fix yen denominated cash flow from foreign currency denominated forecast transactions. The assignment accounting is applied to currency swaps in order to reduce foreign exchange rate fluctuation risk on foreign currency denominated corporate bonds issued by the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiary and foreign currency denominated borrowings.
Hedge effectiveness is assessed by periodically comparing the accumulated fluctuations of the market
value or cash flows of the hedged item to those of the related hedging instrument for the period from the commencement of the hedge to the date of assessment.
However, when the significant conditions are shared among the hedged item and the hedging instrument and its effectiveness is obviously considered high, when interest rate swaps meet requirements for applying the exceptional treatment or when certain transactions fulfill the required conditions to apply the assignment accounting, the assessment of the hedge effectiveness is omitted.
(7) Method and period of amortization of goodwill
Goodwill is amortized in equal installments over 10 to 20 years. Immaterial amounts of goodwill are amortized at one time.
(8) Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows consist of cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term investments with original maturities or redemption of three months or less, which can be cashed easily and have little risk of fluctuation in value.
(9) Accounting methods for consumption taxes
The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries account for consumption taxes by using the taxexcluded method, except for the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries’ expenses such as loss adjustment expenses and operating, general and administrative expenses mainly under the tax-included method. Non-deductible consumption taxes relating to assets are mainly included in other assets and amortized in equal installments over 5 years.

(Changes in presentation)
(Consolidated statement of cash flows)
“Proceeds from borrowings” and “Repayments of borrowings” included in “Others” of “Cash flows from financing activities” in the previous fiscal year are separately presented in the current fiscal year due to an increase in its materiality. In order to reflect such change in presentation, consolidated financial statements for the previous fiscal year are reclassified.
As a result, (14,271) million yen that was included in “Others” of “Cash flows from financing activities” in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the previous fiscal year is reclassified into 50 million yen of “Proceeds from borrowings,” (6,728) million yen of “Repayments of borrowings” and (7,593) million yen of “Others.”
(Additional information)
Introduction of a performance-linked stock compensation plan
The Company introduced the “Board Benefit Trust (BBT)” (hereinafter referred to as the “Plan”),
a performance-linked stock compensation plan for directors (excluding outside directors) and executive officers of SOMPO HOLDINGS.
(1) Outline of the transactions involved
The Company established the “Rules of the Stock Benefit Trust for Directors” (hereinafter the “Rules”) as prerequisite to the introduction of the Plan. Based on the Rules established, the Company contributes money to a trust bank as fund for acquiring shares to be delivered later, and the trust bank has duly acquired shares in the Company using the money trusted thereto (hereinafter the “Trust”).
The Plan is a scheme for delivering shares, based on the Rules, to directors (excluding outside
directors) and executive officers of SOMPO HOLDINGS, in proportion to the points granted thereto.
(2) Accounting treatment
The gross method is adopted based on the “Practical Solution on Transactions of Delivering the Company’s Own Stock to Employees, etc. through Trusts” (Accounting Standards Board of Japan Practical Issue Task Force No. 30, March 26, 2015). Expenses and corresponding reserve are
provided based on the number of points granted to officers according to the Rules.
Shares in the Company remaining in the Trust are recorded as treasury stock under shareholders’ equity, and its carrying amount is 1,691 million yen and its number of shares is 612,800 shares at the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, while its carrying amount is 1,646 million yen and its number of shares is 596,300 shares at the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
2. Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet
*1. The amounts of accumulated depreciation of tangible fixed assets are as follows.
(Millions of yen)
As of March 31, 2017 433,539
*2. The amounts of advanced depreciation of tangible fixed assets are as follows.
(Millions of yen)
As of March 31, 2017 19,253
Note) The amounts of advanced depreciation deducted from the acquisition cost of tangible fixed assets newly purchased after the receipt of subsidy from the government for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 are 20 million yen.
The amounts of advanced depreciation deducted from the acquisition cost of tangible fixed assets newly purchased after the receipt of subsidy from the government for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 are 18 million yen.
    As of March 31, 2018
 399,543
    As of March 31, 2018
 17,319
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 121
Financial Section

*3. Investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates are as follows.
  As of March 31, 2018
 23,642
 2,688
  As of March 31, 2017
Securities (stocks) 26,392
Securities (equity interests) 2,444
*4. The amounts of loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, etc. are as follows.
As of March 31, 2017 Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy 48
Overdue loans 419
Loans overdue for three months or more 13
Restructured loans —
Total 480
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
      As of March 31, 2018
 —
 285
 18
 —
 303
         Note) Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy represent non-accrual loans which meet the events defined in Article 96, paragraph (1), item (iii) (a) to (e) (the maximum amount transferable to allowance for possible credit losses) or Article 96, paragraph (1), item (iv) of the “Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act” (Cabinet Order No. 97 of 1965). Non-accrual loans are defined as loans (excluding the portion of the loans that were written off), on which accrued interest receivable is not recognized because payments of principal or interest are overdue for considerable periods and therefore are regarded as improbable.
Overdue loans represent non-accrual loans other than (a) loans to borrowers in bankruptcy or (b) loans on which grace on interest payments has been granted in order to assist or facilitate the restructuring of borrowers in financial difficulties.
Loans overdue for three months or more represent, among loans which are not included in loans to borrowers in bankruptcy or overdue loans, loans on which the payment of principal or interest has been delayed for three months or more from the date following the due date.
Restructured loans represent, among loans which are not included in any of the above categories, loans on which favorable terms for the benefit
of borrowers such as interest exemption or reduction, grace on interest payments, grace on principal repayments or forgiveness of debts have been granted in order to assist or facilitate the restructuring of borrowers in financial difficulties.
*5. Pledged assets and secured debts are as follows.
Pledged assets
Deposits
Monetary receivables bought
Securities
Tangible fixed assets
Total
(Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 42,621
 —
 527,533
 8,881
 579,036
  As of March 31, 2017 77,735 1,723
733,801
9,201
822,461
        Note) The above figures are collateral for the borrowings and securities which are put into as deposited assets for overseas operation and others. Secured debts
(Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 118,639
 5,902
 96
 124,638
    Other liabilities (payables under securities lending transactions)
Other liabilities (borrowings) Other liabilities (deposits)
Total
As of March 31, 2017 250,063
6,538 96 256,698
       The above securities include in pledged securities as collateral under securities lending transactions secured by cash. The amounts of securities are as follows.
(Millions of yen)
As of March 31, 2017 237,232
*6. The amounts of lending securities under loan agreements of securities are as follows.
   As of March 31, 2018
 109,866
    (Millions of yen)
  As of March 31, 2018
 207,887
  As of March 31, 2017 303,227
 122 Sompo Holdings, Inc.

7. Of the securities received as collateral under derivative transactions, those which SOMPO HOLDINGS holds rights to dispose of by sale or provision of collateral at its discretion are as follows.
(Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 —
    Securities which SOMPO HOLDINGS does not dispose of but retains
As of March 31, 2017 22,320
 *8. The amounts of loan commitments outstanding are as follows.
(Millions of yen)
As of March 31, 2017 11,555
9. The guarantee of obligations regarding to the underwriting of companies other than the consolidated companies are as follows.
  As of March 31, 2018
 11,863
     As of March 31, 2018
 25,102
  As of March 31, 2017 Canopius Reinsurance AG —
3. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Income
*1. Main components of operating expenses are as follows.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Agency commissions, etc. 480,295
Salaries 231,159
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
        Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 496,934
 250,816
      Note) Operating expenses represent the sum of loss adjustment expenses, operating, general and administrative expenses and net commissions and brokerage fees included in the consolidated statement of income.
*2. Main components of impairment losses are as follows.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017) Omitted as they are not material.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
  Category
  Location
  Impairment losses
 Land
  Buildings
  Goodwill
  Total
  Purpose of use Properties for rent
Idle properties —
Total
Land and buildings
Land and buildings Goodwill
Land and buildings in Kyoto
3 properties, including land and buildings in Aichi
—
1,395 64 —
965 313 —
— — 8,393 2,360 378 8,393
(Millions of yen)
1,459
1,279
8,393 11,132
           The Company and its domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries categorize properties used for the insurance business as a single asset group for the entire insurance business. Each property for rent, idle property and expected disposal property is categorized as an individual asset group, and goodwill is categorized as a single asset group for each consolidated subsidiary. The other consolidated subsidiaries categorize properties used for the business as a single asset group for each subsidiary.
Concerning properties for rent and idle properties whose profitability is decreased significantly, due mainly to
a decline in the prices of land, the consolidated subsidiaries devalue the book value of those properties to the recoverable value, and these devaluations are recorded as impairment losses in extraordinary losses. As for goodwill, in association with the conclusion of the share transfer agreement to sell all of the shares of Canopius AG, unamortized balance of goodwill is reduced to the recoverable value and this devaluation is recorded as impairment losses in extraordinary losses.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 123
Financial Section

The recoverable value of properties for rent and idle properties is calculated by using the net selling price. The net selling price is the appraisal value measured by the real estate appraisers. The recoverable value of goodwill is measured by using the net selling price, and calculated based on the scheduled selling price.
*3. Other extraordinary gains are as follows.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Gains on liquidation of subsidiaries — Gains on reversal of stock acquisition rights 69
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 25,927
 50
       4. Note to the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
*1. Reclassification adjustments and the related tax effects concerning other
 comprehensive income
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale
The amount occurred during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before tax effects adjustments Tax effects
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale
Deferred gains and losses on hedges
The amount occurred during the period Reclassification adjustments Adjustment on the cost of the assets
Before tax effects adjustments Tax effects
Deferred gains and losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments The amount occurred during the period Reclassification adjustments
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans The amount occurred during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before tax effects adjustments Tax effects
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income of affiliates accounted for under the equity method
The amount occurred during the period Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Total other comprehensive income
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
130,030 (80,512)
49,518 (11,959)
37,559
14,186 (4,213) (13,463)
(3,490) 982
(2,507)
30,176 —
30,176
(9,507) 2,534
(6,973) 1,947
(5,026)
123 (92)
30
60,232
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 164,466
(82,680)
 81,786
(22,589)
 59,196
 1,999
1,560
(4,887)
 (1,327)
375
 (952)
 (10,927)
(32,577)
 (43,504)
 32,933
3,748
 36,681
(10,223)
 26,458
 (24)
(56)
 (81)
 41,116
                 124
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

5. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
1. Type and number of shares outstanding and of treasury stock
   Number of shares at the beginning of the period (thousand shares)
  Increase during the period (thousand shares)
  Decrease during the period (thousand shares)
  Number of shares at the end of the period (thousand shares)
   Shares outstanding Common stock
Total
Treasury stock Common stock Total
415,352
415,352
11,189
11,189
— —
— —
10,990 226
10,990 226
415,352
415,352
21,953
21,953
     Notes)
1. Treasury stock of common stock at the end of the period includes 612 thousand shares in the Company held by the Board Benefit Trust (BBT).
2. Breakdown of increase in treasury stock of common stock of 10,990 thousand shares is as follows.
Increase due to acquisition of treasury stock in accordance with approval by Board of Directors: 10,366 thousand shares Increase due to acquisition by the BBT: 615 thousand shares
Increase due to purchase of shares less than a full trading unit: 8 thousand shares
3. Breakdown of decrease in treasury stock of common stock of 226 thousand shares is as follows.
Decrease due to disposal of treasury stock related to exercise of stock acquisition rights: 223 thousand shares Decrease due to disposal of treasury stock related to exercise of rights of the BBT: 2 thousand shares Decrease due to sales of shares less than a full trading unit: 0 thousand shares
2. Stock acquisition rights
Category Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Total
3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General meeting of stockholders held on June 27, 2016
The Board of Directors’ meeting held on November 18, 2016
Breakdown of stock acquisition rights
Stock acquisition rights for stock options
Balance at the end of the period (millions of yen) 926
         926
    Type of shares
  Total amount of dividends (millions of yen)
  Dividend per share (yen)
  Record date
  Effective date
  Common stock
Common stock
16,166
15,758
40 March 31, 2016
June 28, 2016
December 6, 2016
 40 September 30, 2016
 Note) The “total amount of dividends” based on the resolution of the Board of Directors held on November 18, 2016 includes 24 million yen in dividends paid on the shares in the Company held by the BBT.
(2) Of dividends recorded in the current fiscal year, dividends effective in the following fiscal year
Resolution
General meeting of stockholders Common stock 19,700 Retained 50 March 31, June 27, held on June 26, 2017 earnings 2017 2017
Note) The “total amount of dividends” based on the resolution of the general meeting of stockholders held on June 26, 2017 includes 30 million yen in dividends paid on the shares in the Company held by the BBT.
  Type of shares
  Total amount of dividends (millions of yen)
  Source of dividends
  Dividend per share (yen)
  Record date
  Effective date
    Integrated Annual Report 2018 125
Financial Section

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
1. Type and number of shares outstanding and of treasury stock
Shares outstanding Common stock Total
Treasury stock Common stock Total
Notes)
1. Treasury stock of common stock at the beginning and at the end of the period includes 612 thousand shares and 596 thousand shares in the Company
held by the Board Benefit Trust (BBT), respectively.
2. Breakdown of increase in treasury stock of common stock of 12,888 thousand shares is as follows.
Increase due to acquisition of treasury stock in accordance with approval by Board of Directors: 12,878 thousand shares
Increase due to purchase of shares less than a full trading unit: 9 thousand shares
3. Breakdown of decrease in treasury stock of common stock of 69 thousand shares is as follows.
Decrease due to disposal of treasury stock related to exercise of stock acquisition rights: 52 thousand shares Decrease due to disposal of treasury stock related to exercise of rights of the BBT: 16 thousand shares Decrease due to sales of shares less than a full trading unit: 0 thousand shares
  Number of shares at the beginning of the period (thousand shares)
 Increase during the period (thousand shares)
 Decrease during the period (thousand shares)
 Number of shares at the end of the period (thousand shares)
    415,352
 —
 —
 415,352
 415,352
—
—
415,352
    21,953
 12,888
 69
 34,772
 21,953
 12,888
 69
 34,772
        2. Stock acquisition rights
Category Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Total
3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General meeting of stockholders held on June 26, 2017
The Board of Directors’ meeting held on November 17, 2017
Breakdown of stock acquisition rights
Stock acquisition rights for stock options
Balance at the end of the period (millions of yen)
       749
 749
      Type of shares
  Total amount of dividends (millions of yen)
  Dividend per share (yen)
  Record date
  Effective date
   Common stock
Common stock
19,700
21,326
50 March 31, 2017
55 September 30, 2017
June 27, 2017
December 5, 2017
  Notes)
1. The “total amount of dividends” based on the resolution of the general meeting of stockholders held on June 26, 2017 includes 30 million yen in
dividends paid on the shares in the Company held by the BBT.
2. The “total amount of dividends” based on the resolution of the Board of Directors held on November 17, 2017 includes 32 million yen in dividends paid
on the shares in the Company held by the BBT.
(2) Of dividends recorded in the current fiscal year, dividends effective in the following fiscal year
Resolution
General meeting of stockholders Common stock 20,964 Retained 55 March 31, June 26, held on June 25, 2018 earnings 2018 2018
Note) The “total amount of dividends” based on the resolution of the general meeting of stockholders to be held on June 25, 2018 includes 32 million yen in dividends to be paid on the shares in the Company held by the BBT.
6. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
*1. Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period to the line
  Type of shares
  Total amount of dividends (millions of yen)
  Source of dividends
  Dividend per share (yen)
  Record date
  Effective date
     items represented in the consolidated balance sheet
(Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 894,437
74,998
8,275,132
(114,277)
(8,199,257)
 931,033
    Cash and deposits
Receivables under resale agreements
Securities
Time deposits with original maturities of more than 3 months
Securities other than cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
814,217 54,999 8,303,829
(117,522)
(8,282,057) 773,466
  126
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

*2. Main components of assets and liabilities of subsidiaries that have been excluded from the scope of consolidation due to sales of shares
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, Canopius AG has been excluded from the scope of consolidated subsidiaries. The main components of assets and liabilities at the time of sales, the sales price and proceeds (net) for sales of those shares are as follows.
 Assets: Securities
Goodwill Liabilities:
Underwriting funds
Foreign currency translation adjustments Losses on sales of securities
Sales price of the shares of the subsidiary mentioned above
Cash and cash equivalents of the subsidiary mentioned above
Net: Proceeds from sales of the subsidiary mentioned above
3. Significant non-cash transactions
None.
(Millions of yen)
348,418 213,492 20,412 (283,116) (234,835) (1,666) (1,332)
82,715
(14,724)
67,991
   4. Cash flows from investing activities include cash flows from investment activities conducted as a part of insurance business.
7. Lease Transactions
Operating lease transactions
Future lease payments related to non-cancelable operating leases (Lessee)
    As of March 31, 2018
 19,462
196,343
 215,806
    Due within one year Due after one year
Total
(Lessor)
Due within one year Due after one year
Total
8. Financial Instruments
1. Overview of financial instruments
(1) Our policy to manage financial instruments
As of March 31, 2017 17,766 197,063
214,829
As of March 31, 2017 515
1,744
2,260
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
     As of March 31, 2018
 530
1,301
 1,831
        As SOMPO HOLDINGS is mainly engaged in insurance businesses and recognizes the characteristic of investment fund for the insurance company, SOMPO HOLDINGS manages the investment assets taking into consideration safety, liquidity and profitability. Further, in order to appropriately manage investment assets related to long-term insurance liabilities related to life insurance and savings-type insurance, SOMPO HOLDINGS intends to stabilize returns for the future maturity refunds to policyholders by the methodology based on ALM (integrated management of assets and liabilities).
In addition, with a view to strengthen the financial structure, the consolidated subsidiary increased its capital substantively by the issuance of subordinated bond (i.e. hybrid finance) which is deemed as capital to some extent by major credit rating agencies.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 127
Financial Section

128 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
(2) The nature and risk of financial instruments
As financial instruments which SOMPO HOLDINGS holds are mainly securities such as bonds and stocks, SOMPO HOLDINGS is exposed to risks (market risks) associated with price fluctuations of investments, which are influenced by stock prices, interest rates and foreign exchange rates, as well as risks (liquidity risks) that securities may not be traded or may be forced to be traded at far more unfavorable prices than under normal conditions due to a market crisis and the like.
In addition, the securities and the loans which SOMPO HOLDINGS holds are exposed to credit risk which would cause a significant decrease in their value or uncollectible interest and principal due to the reasons such as deterioration of creditworthiness and bankruptcy of the issuer and the borrower.
Regarding derivative transactions, SOMPO HOLDINGS utilizes derivatives to hedge risks on assets held. These also involve market risks and credit risks.
Please refer to the note on “(6) Significant hedge accounting” in “4. Accounting policies” in “1. Significant Accounting Policies for the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements” for derivative transactions which hedge accounting is applied to.
(3) The risk management systems regarding financial instruments
The Company has established the risk management systems to appropriately identify, evaluate and control risks and accurately respond when risks emerge through strategic risk management (ERM) designed to maximize the corporate value of SOMPO HOLDINGS, as described below.
With the aim of maintaining strategic risk management, the Company’s Board of Directors has established the “Group Basic Policy on ERM”, which sets forth principles for accurately assessing the group-wide status of risk exposure and managing the various types of risk in a comprehensive manner. With the aim of enabling appropriate management decision making based upon assessment of group-wide risk, the Company established Group ERM committee. Moreover, the Risk Management Department was established to promote the Company’s efforts to develop and enhance its risk management systems.
Through the model of investment risks, the Company manages market risk, credit risk and real estate investment risk. In addition, the Company comprehensively manages risks, including the risk of invested assets failing to yield assumed interest rates with regard to insurance liabilities related to savings-type insurance held by its insurance subsidiaries. The Company obtains investment assets information on a daily basis and quantifies investment risks. Further, the Company utilizes risk management by setting stress scenarios to cover events that could cause a material impact on the operations of SOMPO HOLDINGS, and performing stress tests to assess and measure risks comprehensively.
As to credit risks, in order to avoid concentrating the risks on specific borrowers, the Company has set credit limits and manages the risks appropriately for the whole group.
As to liquidity risks, the Company has developed systems for its insurance subsidiaries to forecast payments for claims, etc. upon occurrence of liquidity risk scenarios, such as outbreak of catastrophe, and to ensure liquidity assets so as to adequately secure enough to cope with these payments.
Each group member has rules formulated in reference to the Group Basic Policy on ERM, thereby developing risk management systems appropriate to the content, scale, and characteristics of their particular business activities and implementing autonomous risk management. In addition, insurance subsidiaries place considerable emphasis on managing various types of risk in ways tailored to their particular risk profile. By doing so, these subsidiaries are appropriately addressing risks that could significantly affect their operations.
(4) Supplemental explanation about the fair value of financial instruments
Other than the fair value of financial instruments based on the market price, fair value calculated reasonably is included if the market price is not obtainable. In view that certain assumption is employed to measure the fair value, the resulting value might differ depending on the assumption to be applied. “Notional amount” on each table in notes on “Derivative Transactions” shows contract amounts or notional amounts of derivative transactions. These amounts do not show the volume of market risk or credit risk regarding derivative transactions.

2. Fair value of financial instruments
Carrying amount, fair value and unrealized gains and losses are as follows. Meanwhile, financial instruments which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value are not included in the following table. (Please refer to Notes) 2 for details.)
As of March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
— — — —
— 277,326 15,974 —
18,697
311,998
10,919 — 158
11,078
— —
—
    Carrying amount
Fair value
814,217 54,999 11,718
104,423
628,520 1,483,082 215,634 6,190,948
657,369
10,160,913
435,911 250,063 6,816
692,791
9,553 15,294
24,848
   (1) Cash and deposits 814,217 (2) Receivables under resale agreements 54,999 (3) Monetary receivables bought 11,718 (4) Money trusts 104,423 (5) Securities:
Trading securities 628,520 Bonds held to maturity 1,205,755 Policy reserve matching bonds 199,659 Securities available for sale 6,190,948
(6) Loans 638,768 Allowance for possible credit losses(*1) (96)
638,671
Total assets 9,848,915
(1) Corporate bonds 424,991 (2) Payables under securities lending transactions 250,063 (3) Borrowings 6,657
Total liabilities 681,713
Derivative transactions(*2):
Hedge accounting is not applied to 9,553 Hedge accounting is applied to 15,294
Total derivative transactions 24,848
       (*1) This figure represents deductions to loans as general and individual allowance for possible credit losses.
(*2) This table collectively shows derivative transactions which are included in other assets and other liabilities. Net assets and liabilities from derivative
transactions are shown on the net basis. As of March 31, 2018
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Receivables under resale agreements (3) Monetary receivables bought
(4) Money trusts
(5) Securities:
Trading securities
Bonds held to maturity
Policy reserve matching bonds Securities available for sale
(6) Loans
Allowance for possible credit losses(*1)
Total assets
(1) Corporate bonds
(2) Payables under securities lending transactions (3) Borrowings
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions(*2):
Hedge accounting is not applied to
Hedge accounting is applied to Total derivative transactions
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
   Carrying amount
   894,437
74,998
6,727
98,744
212,004
1,199,257
267,978
6,516,106
668,419
(35)
894,437
74,998
6,727
98,744
212,004
1,484,687
290,029
6,516,106
687,033
285,429
22,051
—
—
—
—
—
—
   668,383
18,649
   9,938,639
10,264,769
326,130
   512,045
118,639
142,870
530,392
118,639
18,347
—
(35)
  773,555
   14,742
28,223
42,965
142,834
 791,866
14,742
28,223
18,311
—
—
   42,965
—
             (*1) This figure represents deductions to loans as general and individual allowance for possible credit losses.
(*2) This table collectively shows derivative transactions which are included in other assets and other liabilities. Net assets and liabilities from derivative
transactions are shown on the net basis.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 129
Financial Section

Notes)
1. Calculation methods for the fair value of financial instruments Assets
(1) Cash and deposits
As all are short term and the fair value approximates the book value, the book value is presented as the fair value.
(2) Receivables under resale agreements
As all are short term and the fair value approximates the book value, the book value is presented as the fair value.
(3) Monetary receivables bought
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
(4) Money trusts
The fair value of the financial instruments managed as trust asset is as follows. As bank deposit, etc. are short term and their fair value approximates the book value, the book value is presented as the fair value. The fair value of the domestic bonds is based on the price at exchanges, the price released by Japan Securities Dealers Association and the price quoted by counterparties and others. The fair value of the domestic stocks is based on the price at exchanges. In addition, the fair value of foreign securities is based on the price at exchanges and others.
(5) Securities
The fair value of the domestic bonds is based on the price at exchanges, the price released by Japan Securities Dealers Association and the price quoted by counterparties and others. The fair value of the domestic stocks is based on the price at exchanges. In addition, the fair value of foreign securities is based on the price at exchanges and the price quoted by counterparties and others.
(6) Loans
The fair value is the amount of future collection cash flow of each loan which is discounted by the risk free rate for the corresponding period, adding credit risk premium and liquidity premium thereto. For the loans categorized as loans to borrowers in bankruptcy legally or substantially and to borrowers who are highly probable to go bankrupt in the future, the fair values are the carrying amount less current estimated credit losses. Because the estimated credit losses are calculated based on the amount expected to be covered by collateral and guarantee, the fair value approximates the said amount.
Liabilities
(1) Corporate bonds
The fair value is based on the price at exchanges, the price released by Japan Securities Dealers Association and others. (2) Payables under securities lending transactions
As all are short term and the fair value approximates the book value, the book value is presented as the fair value. (3) Borrowings
The fair value is the amount of future collection cash flow of each borrowing which is discounted by the risk free rate for the corresponding period, adding credit risk premium and liquidity premium thereto.
Derivative transactions
Please refer to the notes on “Derivative Transactions.”
2. Carrying amounts of the financial instruments which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value are as follows. These financial instruments are not included in “(5) Securities.”
  (Millions of yen)
  As of March 31, 2018
 45,415
22,419
11,077
 78,911
  Domestic stocks Foreign securities Others
Total
As of March 31, 2017
44,261 23,405 10,404 78,071
 As domestic stocks are unlisted stocks and do not have quoted market prices, they are not included in the scope of fair value disclosure.
As foreign securities are unlisted stocks or investments mainly in unlisted stocks and do not have quoted market prices, they are not included in the scope of fair value disclosure.
As others are investments mainly in unlisted stocks and do not have quoted market prices, they are not included in the scope of fair value disclosure.
3.The redemption amounts after the consolidated balance sheet date for monetary receivables and fixed maturity securities As of March 31, 2017
  Due within 1 year
  Due after 1 year through 5 years
  Due after 5 years through 10 years
  Due after 10 years
  Deposits 803,911
9,185 — —
63,573 — 22,073 983
—
196,124 3,080 208,069 555,241 12,272 301,258
1,371,862
— — —
90,065 1,000 8,900
412 —
272,241 3,100 73,540 823,907 5,120 105,313
1,383,600
(Millions of yen)
—
— 7,018
875,418 43,400 64,200
—
190,300
661,625 14,900 373,406 513,941 373 60,911
2,805,493
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary receivables bought Securities:
Bonds held to maturity: Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Policy reserve matching bonds: Government bonds
Fixed maturity securities available for sale: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
54,999 2,845
7,200 — 14,924 674
—
Total 1,287,501
64,159 500 58,220 116,659 Others 2,707 Loans(*) 160,700
Foreign securities
  130 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
(*) 394 million yen of loans whose redemption amounts are not estimable such as loans to borrowers in bankruptcy legally or substantially and to borrowers who are highly probable to go bankrupt in the future is not included. 10,000 million yen of loans without maturities is not included.

As of March 31, 2018
Deposits
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary receivables bought Securities:
Bonds held to maturity: Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Policy reserve matching bonds: Government bonds
Fixed maturity securities available for sale: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities
Others Loans(*)
Total
(Millions of yen)
  Due within 1 year
 Due after 1 year through 5 years
 Due after 5 years through 10 years
 Due after 10 years
 886,367
 7,995
 —
 —
74,998
—
—
—
415
—
—
5,826
15,313
54,560
258,235
704,948
—
—
1,000
43,400
13,173
13,300
4,700
73,500
1,407
1,995
571
—
—
—
—
258,500
26,659
242,950
223,045
625,935
1,080
2,000
6,600
17,400
49,342
182,910
65,800
408,506
122,806
699,914
848,784
598,407
193
24,122
7,266
1,280
162,820
 331,278
 101,582
 62,328
 1,354,579
 1,561,026
 1,517,586
 2,800,031
      (*) 266 million yen of loans whose redemption amounts are not estimable such as loans to borrowers in bankruptcy legally or substantially and to borrowers who are highly probable to go bankrupt in the future is not included. 10,000 million yen of loans without maturities is not included.
4. The contractual payment amounts of the corporate bonds, long-term borrowings, lease obligations and other interest-bearing debt after the consolidated balance sheet date
As of March 31, 2017
Corporate bonds
Long-term borrowings
Lease obligations
Payables under
securities lending
transactions 250,063
— 3,635 4,509
— 8,144
— — 1,824 82 4,228 3,597
— — 6,053 3,679
—
60 3,500
— 3,561
(Millions of yen)
419,180 354 51,469
— 471,004
(Millions of yen)
  Due within 1 year
  Due after 1 year through 2 years
  Due after 2 years through 3 years
  Due after 3 years through 4 years
  Due after 4 years through 5 years
  Due after 5 years
   Total
As of March 31, 2018
Corporate bonds Long-term borrowings Lease obligations Payables under securities lending transactions
Total
1. Trading securities
255,391
— 650 4,677
    Due within 1 year
 Due after 1 year through 2 years
 Due after 2 years through 3 years
 Due after 3 years through 4 years
 Due after 4 years through 5 years
 Due after 5 years
 —
 —
 —
 —
 33,900
 471,415
34,083
32,229
30,481
30,479
15,264
281
5,054
4,736
4,126
4,021
4,012
48,106
118,639
—
—
—
—
—
 157,777
  36,966
  34,607
  34,501
  53,177
  519,802
      9. Securities
    As of March 31, 2018
 1
    Unrealized gains and losses recognized in the statement of income
2. Bonds held to maturity
As of March 31, 2017
Securities whose fair value exceeds their carrying amount
Securities whose fair value does not exceed their carrying amount
As of March 31, 2017 2,501
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
278,155 7
278,162
(802) (33)
(836)
277,326
      Carrying amount
  Fair value
     Domestic bonds Foreign securities
1,188,313 153
1,466,468 161
1,466,629
14,569 1,883
16,452
1,483,082
 Subtotal 1,188,467
Domestic bonds 15,371 Foreign securities 1,916
Subtotal 17,288
     Total
1,205,755
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 131
Financial Section

As of March 31, 2018
Securities whose fair value exceeds their carrying amount
Securities whose fair value does not exceed their carrying amount
Total
3. Policy reserve matching bonds
As of March 31, 2017
Securities whose fair value exceeds their carrying amount
Securities whose fair value does not exceed their carrying amount
Total
As of March 31, 2018
Securities whose fair value exceeds their carrying amount
Securities whose fair value does not exceed their carrying amount
Total
4. Securities available for sale
As of March 31, 2017
Securities whose carrying amount exceeds their cost
Securities whose carrying amount does not exceed their cost
Total
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
      Fair value
      Domestic bonds Foreign securities Subtotal Domestic bonds Foreign securities Subtotal
Domestic bonds
Domestic bonds
Domestic bonds Domestic bonds
Domestic bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Others
Subtotal
Domestic bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Others
Subtotal
147,193
52,465
199,659
165,622
50,011
215,634
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
18,428
(2,453)
15,974
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
192,845 889,937 120,387
5,302
1,208,472
(8,221)
(2,211) (16,808) (120)
(27,363)
1,181,109
1,180,112
1,465,926
           Carrying amount
  Fair value
                       Carrying amount
  Cost
    1,969,971 1,488,337 1,291,177
42,600
4,792,087
233,604 31,779 1,136,603 21,307
1,423,295
6,215,382
1,777,125 598,400 1,170,790 37,297
3,583,614
241,826 33,991 1,153,412 21,427
1,450,658
5,034,273
       132 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Notes)
1. Securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value are not included in the above table.
2. Certificate of deposit classified as cash and deposits and beneficial interests in the loan trusts, etc. classified as monetary receivables bought in the
consolidated balance sheet are included in “Others” above.
Carrying amount
2,019
1,182,131
1,996
17,125
2,087
1,468,013
1,979
16,673
285,814
285,881
67
      15,129
14,694
(435)
(17)
   (452)
   1,199,257
1,484,687
 255,152
285,429
     Carrying amount
Fair value
    231,867
23,285
   36,110
34,877
(1,233)
   267,978
290,029
22,051
   
As of March 31, 2018
Securities whose carrying amount exceeds their cost
Securities whose carrying amount does not exceed their cost
Total
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
    Carrying amount
1,355,885
58,933
4,990,008
Cost
    2,014,762
1,560,427
1,827,098
560,579
1,234,891
52,793
3,675,361
187,665
999,847
120,994
6,139
   1,314,646
   133,071
28,161
1,370,567
8,648
136,423
31,536
1,413,677
8,693
(3,352)
(3,374)
(43,109)
 1,540,448
6,530,456
1,590,330
5,265,692
(49,882)
(45)
     1,264,764
       Domestic bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Others
Subtotal Domestic bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Others
Subtotal
       Notes)
1. Securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value are not included in the above table.
2. Certificate of deposit classified as cash and deposits and beneficial interests in the loan trusts, etc. classified as monetary receivables bought in the
consolidated balance sheet are included in “Others” above.
5. Securities available for sale sold during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
    Proceeds from sales
768,080
(Millions of yen)
Losses on sales
4,591 218 9,727 22
14,560
(Millions of yen)
Losses on sales
   Domestic bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Others
Total
Gains on sales
9,123 66,525 5,356 4,033 965
312,815 109,096 342,135
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Domestic bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Others
Total
81,971
Gains on sales
    Proceeds from sales
     111,882
112,071
613,830
7,301
2,830
69,085
9,319
1,616
1,679
491
6,177
  82,852
8,350
2
  845,086
    6. Securities for which impairment losses are recognized during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, impairment losses on securities available for sale (excluding securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value) amount to 744 million yen (domestic stocks: 527 million yen, foreign securities: 216 million yen), and impairment losses on securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value amount to 351 million yen (domestic stocks: 9 million yen, foreign securities: 341 million yen).
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, impairment losses on securities available for sale (excluding securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value) amount to 1,627 million yen (foreign securities only), and impairment losses on securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value amount to 2,051 million yen (domestic stocks: 1,248 million yen, foreign securities: 802 million yen).
Basically, impairment losses on securities are recognized if fair value at the end of the fiscal year declines by 30% or more from their cost.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 133
Financial Section

10. Money Trusts
1. Money trusts for trading purposes
Unrealized gains and losses recognized in the statement of income
2. Money trusts held to maturity
None.
(Millions of yen)
    As of March 31, 2018
 (110)
  As of March 31, 2017 (57)
   3. Money trusts classified as other than trading purposes or held to maturity
As of March 31, 2017 Money trusts
As of March 31, 2018 Money trusts
Carrying amount
83,769
(Millions of yen)
Cost Unrealized gains and losses
80,397 3,371
(Millions of yen)
Cost Unrealized gains and losses
               4. Money trusts for which impairment losses are recognized during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, impairment losses on securities managed as trust assets in money trust classified as other than trading purposes or held to maturity (excluding securities available for sale which are considered extremely difficult to figure out their fair value) amount to 217 million yen.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, impairment losses on securities managed as trust assets in money trust classified as other than trading purposes or held to maturity are not recognized.
Basically, impairment losses on securities are recognized if fair value at the end of the fiscal year declines by 30% or more from their cost.
11. Derivative Transactions
1. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied
 134
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
(1) Currency derivatives
As of March 31, 2017
Over-the-counter transactions: Forward foreign exchanges:
Short
Long
Currency options:
Short Long
Total
Notes) Calculation methods for the fair value 1. Forward foreign exchanges
The fair value is based on the forward exchange rate or the price quoted by counterparties. 2. Currency options
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
  Notional amount
   Due after 1 year
    The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
Carrying amount
  78,084
52,079 — (15) (15) 39,853 — (344) (344)
6,050 — (0) 89 5,600 — 73 (14)
76,698
1,386
    (287) (285)
   
As of March 31, 2018
Over-the-counter transactions: Forward foreign exchanges:
Short
Long
Currency options:
Short Long Total
Notes) Calculation methods for the fair value 1. Forward foreign exchanges
The fair value is based on the forward exchange rate or the price quoted by counterparties. 2. Currency options
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
   Notional amount
     36,744
6,426
26,715
65,015
Due after 1 year
—
—
—
—
681
(132)
(16)
111
681
(132)
193
(170)
    643
571
         (2) Interest rate derivatives
As of March 31, 2017
Market transactions: Interest rate futures:
Short Long
Over-the-counter transactions: Interest rate options:
Short
Interest rate swaps:
Receipt float / Payment fix
Total
Notes) Calculation methods for the fair value 1. Interest rate futures
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
  Notional amount
   Due after 1 year
    2,636 — 2,649 —
629 — 12,592 943
7 7 (2) (2)
(3) 0 33 33
34 39
     The fair value is based on the closing price at major exchanges.
2. Interest rate options
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
3. Interest rate swaps
The fair value is calculated by discounting estimated future cash flow to the present value.
As of March 31, 2018
Market transactions: Interest rate futures:
Short
Long
Over-the-counter transactions:
Interest rate swaps:
Receipt float / Payment fix Total
Notes) Calculation methods for the fair value 1. Interest rate futures
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties. 2. Interest rate swaps
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
   Notional amount
     1,412
25,244
2,415
Due after 1 year
    2,415
—
—
6
(17)
(18)
6
(17)
(18)
    (28)
(28)
           Integrated Annual Report 2018 135
Financial Section

(3) Equity derivatives
As of March 31, 2017
Market transactions: Equity index futures:
Short
Total
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
  Notional amount
   Due after 1 year
    20,014 —
(11) (11)
(11) (11)
    Note) Calculation methods for the fair value
The fair value is based on the closing price at major exchanges.
As of March 31, 2018
Market transactions: Equity index futures:
Short Total
Note) Calculation methods for the fair value
The fair value is based on the closing price at major exchanges.
(4) Bond derivatives
As of March 31, 2017
Market transactions: Bonds futures:
Short 10,725 —
Long 8,067 — Bonds futures options:
Long 1,434 —
Over-the-counter transactions: Bonds forwards:
Short 5,871 — Long 14,013 —
Total
Notes) Calculation methods for the fair value 1. Bonds futures
The fair value is based on the closing price at major exchanges.
2. Bonds futures options
The fair value is based on the closing price at major exchanges.
3. Bonds forwards
The fair value is mainly based on the price quoted by information vendors.
As of March 31, 2018
Over-the-counter transactions: Bonds forwards:
Short Long Total
Note) Calculation methods for the fair value
The fair value is mainly based on the price quoted by information vendors.
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
    Notional amount
 Due after 1 year
        Notional amount
   Due after 1 year
   Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
 10 10 (13) (13)
0 (3)
(5,906) (31) 14,142 (53)
8,233 (90)
        Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
  136 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
5,016
—
(5)
  (5)
(5)
  (5)
        Notional amount
 Due after 1 year
    10,667
22,939
—
—
(10,922)
23,514
(27)
11
    12,591
(16)
      
(5) Others
As of March 31, 2017
Market transactions: Credit derivatives:
Short
Weather derivatives:
Short
Long
Over-the-counter transactions:
Credit derivatives: Short
Long
Weather derivatives:
Short
Long
Earthquake derivatives:
Short
Long
Industry loss warranty:
Short
Long
Loss development cover:
Short
Total
Notes) Calculation methods for the fair value 1. Credit derivatives
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
  Notional amount
   Due after 1 year
    634 634
314 — 457 —
179 81 139 139
20,872 2,058 12,961 1,204
10,004 160 8,793 4,464
1,655 — 2,329 —
2,848 2,848
22 22
(39) 29 57 (43)
(2) (2) 8 8
(2,820) 1,323 4,409 (898)
(13) 263 194 (464)
(21) 151 117 (376)
(328) (328)
1,584 (315)
      The fair value is mainly based on the price quoted by information vendors.
2. Weather derivatives
The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract.
3. Earthquake derivatives
The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract.
4. Industry loss warranty
The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract.
5. Loss development cover
The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract.
As of March 31, 2018
Market transactions: Credit derivatives:
Short
Over-the-counter transactions:
Credit derivatives: Short
Weather derivatives: Short
Long
Earthquake derivatives:
Short
Long
Industry loss warranty:
Long
Loss development cover:
Short
Pandemic derivatives:
Short Long Total
Notes) Calculation methods for the fair value 1. Credit derivatives
The fair value is mainly based on the price quoted by information vendors. 2. Weather derivatives
The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract. 3. Earthquake derivatives
The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract. 4. Industry loss warranty
The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract. 5. Loss development cover
The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract. 6. Pandemic derivatives
Fair value
(Millions of yen)
Unrealized gains and losses
   Notional amount
     226
    31,705
16,858
12,493
11,243
2,735
1,062
79
—
743
Due after 1 year
226
6,783
3,628
1,310
2,142
2,735
1,062
79
—
—
(4,378)
6,241
19
(205)
(170)
1
(3)
19
15
0
1,377
19
(609)
311
(256)
(205)
66
(40)
1
0
    1,541
665
             The fair value is calculated based on the contract term and other elements of the contract.
Integrated Annual Report 2018 137
Financial Section

2. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied
(1) Currency derivatives
As of March 31, 2017
Methods for hedge accounting
Fair value hedge
Total
Type
Forward foreign exchanges:
Short
Currency options:
Short Long
Currency swaps
Main hedged items
Securities available for sale
Securities available for sale
Securities available for sale
Notional
amount Due after 1 year
656,931 —
2,932 — 2,596 —
2,980 —
(Millions of yen)
Fair value
3,664
(5) 8
520
4,187
               Assignment accounting for forward foreign exchange contracts and others
   Currency swaps
 Foreign currency denominated corporate bonds (liabilities)
      133,560
  133,560
    Note 2
   Notes) 1. Calculation methods for the fair value (1) Forward foreign exchanges
The fair value is calculated by using forward exchange rate.
(2) Currency options
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
(3) Currency swaps
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
2. The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts and others to which assignment accounting is applied is included in the fair value of foreign
currency denominated corporate bonds (liabilities) as they are accounted for as one together with. Therefore, their fair value is included in the fair value of the corporate bonds in “Financial Instruments.”
As of March 31, 2018
Methods for hedge accounting
Fair value hedge
Total
Type Main hedged items
Notional amount
Due after 1 year
(Millions of yen)
Fair value
   Forward foreign exchanges:
Short
Currency options:
Short Long
Securities available for sale
Securities available for sale
         Foreign currency denominated corporate bonds (liabilities) and foreign currency denominated borrowings
708,613
   76,398
71,290
—
—
—
18,379
(50)
115
             Assignment accounting for forward foreign exchange contracts and others
Currency swaps
216,426
216,426
Note 2
      18,443
    Notes) 1. Calculation methods for the fair value (1) Forward foreign exchanges
The fair value is calculated by using forward exchange rate.
(2) Currency options
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
(3) Currency swaps
The fair value is based on the price quoted by counterparties.
2. The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts and others to which assignment accounting is applied is included in the fair value of foreign
currency denominated corporate bonds (liabilities) and foreign currency denominated borrowings as they are accounted for as one together with. Therefore, their fair value is included in the fair value of the corporate bonds and borrowings in “Financial Instruments.”
(2) Interest rate derivatives
As of March 31, 2017
Methods for hedge accounting
Deferred hedge
Total
Notional amount
83,000
Notional amount
(Millions of yen)
Fair value
11,106
11,106
(Millions of yen)
Fair value
   Type
Interest rate swaps: Receipt fix / Payment float
Main hedged items
Insurance liabilities
Due after 1 year
83,000
Due after 1 year
        Note) Calculation methods for the fair value
The fair value is calculated by discounting estimated future cash flow to the present value.
As of March 31, 2018
Methods for hedge accounting
Deferred hedge Total
Type
Interest rate swaps: Receipt fix / Payment float
Main hedged items
Insurance liabilities
      83,000
 78,000
 9,779
     9,779
    138 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Note) Calculation methods for the fair value
The fair value is calculated by discounting estimated future cash flow to the present value.

12. Retirement Benefits
1. Outline of retirement benefit plans
In addition to a defined contribution pension plan, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc., which is a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, provides defined benefit plans with a lump-sum payments retirement plan, a contract-type corporate pension plan and a self-administered corporate pension plan for both retired employees who are already receiving pension and those who are eligible for employees’ benefits but have not yet reached the pension commencement age. Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. also sets up a retirement benefit trust. The other domestic consolidated subsidiaries provide a contract-type corporate pension plan and an unfunded retirement plan with lump-sum payments as defined benefit type in addition to defined contribution pension plans. Certain foreign consolidated subsidiaries have retirement benefit plans such as defined contribution type and defined benefit type.
Net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit expenses regarding lump-sum payments retirement plan are calculated by using the simplified accounting methods.
 2. Retirement defined benefit plans
(1) Reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of the retirement benefit obligation
(Millions of yen)
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 228,877
13,090
1,070
(26,075)
(13,673)
—
(1,464)
247
 202,072
 Retirement benefit obligation at the beginning of the period Service cost
Interest cost
The amount of actuarial difference occurred
Retirement benefit paid
Increase due to merger
Changes in the scope of consolidation Others
Retirement benefit obligation at the end of the period
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
219,456 11,939 831 10,782
(13,579) 157 —
(710)
228,877
  Note) Retirement benefit expenses for retirement benefit plans calculated by using the simplified accounting methods are included in “Service cost.” (2) Reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of plan assets
Others
(689)
(Millions of yen)
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 95,850
733
6,918
963
(2,435)
(1,736)
159
 100,454
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Plan assets at the beginning of the period 96,599 Expected return on plan assets 794 The amount of actuarial difference occurred 803 The amount of employer contributions 770 Retirement benefit paid
(2,428) Changes in the scope of consolidation —
 Plan assets at the end of the period 95,850
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 139
Financial Section

(3) Reconciliation of the ending balances of retirement benefit obligation and plan assets, and net defined benefit liability and net defined benefit asset recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
(Millions of yen)
  As of March 31, 2018
 192,617
(100,454)
 92,163
9,455
311
 101,929
 102,992
(1,062)
 101,929
   Funded retirement benefit obligation Plan assets
Unfunded retirement benefit obligation Asset ceiling adjustments
Net liabilities and assets on the consolidated balance sheet
Net defined benefit liability Net defined benefit asset
Net liabilities and assets on the consolidated balance sheet
(4) Components of retirement benefit expenses
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Amortization of actuarial difference Amortization of prior services costs Others
Retirement benefit expenses for defined benefit plans
As of March 31, 2017
219,808 (95,850)
123,957 9,069 480
133,507
134,263 (756)
133,507
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
11,939 831 (794) 2,641 216 62
14,897
(Millions of yen)
       Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 13,090
1,070
(733)
3,311
216
120
 17,076
     Note) Retirement benefit expenses for retirement benefit plans calculated by using the simplified accounting methods are included in “Service cost.”
(5) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Components of items (before tax effect deductions) recorded in remeasurements of defined benefit plans are as follows.
(Millions of yen)
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 (216)
 (36,464)
 (36,681)
 Prior service costs
Actuarial difference
Total
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
(216)
7,190
6,973
   (6) Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Components of items (before tax effect deductions) recorded in accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans are as follows.
Unrecognized prior service costs
Unrecognized actuarial difference
Total
As of March 31, 2017 650
40,446
41,097
(Millions of yen)
  As of March 31, 2018
 433
 3,975
 4,409
    140 Sompo Holdings, Inc.

(7) Plan assets
(a) Main components of plan assets
The percentage shares of components by main asset class out of total plan assets are as follows.
(Proportion)
  As of March 31, 2018
 18%
63%
6%
6%
1%
6%
 100%
 As of March 31, 2017 Bonds 18% Stocks 60%
Joint investment assets 8%
Life insurance general accounts 6%
Cash and deposits 0% Others 8%
Total 100%
  (b) Establishment of methods for the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets
In order to assume the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, present and expected distribution of plan assets and the long term expected rate of return on the multitude of assets in plan assets are considered.
(8) Basis of actuarial assumptions
Major bases of actuarial assumptions are as follows.
(Proportion)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 0.2%—1.5%
 2.5%—10.3%
 0.0%—1.5%
 10.3%
    Discount rate
Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets
Domestic consolidated subsidiaries
Foreign consolidated subsidiaries
Domestic consolidated subsidiaries
Foreign consolidated subsidiaries
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
0.2%—1.5%
1.2%—11.7%
0.0%—1.5%
2.6%—11.7%
      3. Defined contribution plans
Contributions paid to the defined contribution pension plan by consolidated subsidiaries amounts to 5,186 million yen for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 and amounts to 7,084 million yen for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 141
Financial Section

13. Stock Options
1. Recorded amount and account which includes stock option expense
None.
2. Recorded amount on profit resulting from forfeiture of stock options
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Gains on reversal of stock acquisition rights 69
3. Contents, size and its changes of stock options
(1) Contents of stock options
(Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 50
    Stock options granted by the Company are as follows.
13th to 16th issue of stock acquisition rights of the Company are stock options transferred from Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. (“Sompo Japan”) to the Company and 17th to 22nd issue of stock acquisition rights of the Company are stock options transferred from NIPPONKOA Insurance Company, Limited (“NIPPONKOA”) to the Company on the date of establishment of the Company, April 1, 2010.
The Company decided to introduce the “Board Benefit Trust (BBT),” a performance-linked stock compensation plan at the 6th general meeting of shareholders held on June 27, 2016, and not to grant new stock options thereafter.
(a) Stock options transferred from Sompo Japan and granted by the Company
    13th issue
14th issue
       Resolution date
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
       Title and number of grantees
Directors and executive officers
of Sompo Japan: 17
Others (Note 1): 24
Directors and executive officers of
Sompo Japan: 17
Others (Note 1): 24
       Number of stock options granted by types of shares
Common stock: 100,750 stocks (Note 2)
Common stock: 95,500 stocks (Note 2)
   Grant date
Conditions for the vesting
Requisite service period
Exercise period
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to June 27, 2017
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to June 27, 2017
    142
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Notes)
1. “Others” in the column “Title and number of grantees” represents grantees at the time of grant by Sompo Japan but who already retired or
resigned the position by the grant date by the Company.
2. Number of stock options in the column “Number of stock options granted by types of shares” is indicated by converting to number of shares. The
numbers of shares are calculated as a reverse split of stocks to combine common stocks at a ratio of four shares to one share on October 1, 2011.
3. As the stock options described above do not exist as of the end of the current fiscal year (March 31, 2018), the number of the stock acquisition
rights and other details are omitted.

    15th issue
16th issue
       Resolution date
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
       Title and number of grantees
Directors and executive officers
of Sompo Japan: 27
Others (Note 1): 1
Directors and executive officers of
Sompo Japan: 41
Others (Note 1): 1
       Number of stock options granted by types of shares
Common stock: 74,325 stocks (Note 2)
Common stock: 186,775 stocks (Note 2)
   Grant date
Conditions for the vesting
Requisite service period
Exercise period
Number of stock acquisition rights*
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to August 11, 2033
197 stock acquisition rights (Note 3)
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to August 10, 2034
342 stock acquisition rights (Note 3)
       Type, description and number of the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights*
 Common stock: 4,925 stocks (Notes 3, 4)
   Common stock: 8,550 stocks (Notes 3, 4)
   Payment price upon exercise of a stock acquisition right (yen)*
  1
    1
   Issue price and the amount of capital incorporation of the shares issued upon exercise of the stock acquisition rights (yen)*
Issue price: 3,761
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 5)
  Issue price: 2,493
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 5)
   Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights*
  (Note 6)
    (Note 6)
   Matters related to the transfer of stock acquisition rights*
 Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with the corporate reorganization*
 (Note 7)
   (Note 7)
 * The above figures represents the status as of the end of the current fiscal year (March 31, 2018), which has not changed as of the end of the month prior to the submission date of this document (May 31, 2018).
Notes)
1. “Others” in the column “Title and number of grantees” represents grantees at the time of grant by Sompo Japan but who already retired or
resigned the position by the grant date by the Company.
2. Number of stock options in the column “Number of stock options granted by types of shares” is indicated by converting to number of shares. The
numbers of shares are calculated as a reverse split of stocks to combine common stocks at a ratio of four shares to one share on October 1, 2011.
3. The number of shares underlying each stock acquisition right is 25.
4. In the event that the Company conducts a split of stocks or a reverse split of stocks of the common stock of the Company, the number of shares
subject to such split of stocks or reverse split of stocks shall be adjusted by the following formula. However, such adjustment is restricted to the number of shares underlying the stock acquisition rights yet to be exercised at such time, where any fraction less than one share resulting from the adjustment shall be rounded down.
Number of shares after the adjustment = Number of shares before the adjustment × stock split or reverse split ratio
5. Matters related to the increases in common stock and capital reserves arising from the issuance of shares due to the exercise of stock acquisition
rights are as follows.
(1) When new shares are issued due to the exercise of the stock acquisition rights, common stock will be increased by an amount equivalent to
one-half the maximum increase in common stock, etc. calculated in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 1 of the Corporate Accounting
Regulations, with any fractions of a yen rounded up.
(2) When new shares are issued due to the exercise of the stock acquisition rights, the amount of the increase in capital reserves will be the
amount remaining after the amount of the increase in common stock as provided above is deducted from the amount of the maximum increase
in common stock, etc. as stated in (1) above.
6. Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights are as follows:
(1) Stock acquisition right holders are allowed to exercise their stock acquisition rights only within a period of 10 days from the day immediately following the day on which the holders lose their status as a director and executive officer of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
(2) Stock acquisition right holders must exercise the stock acquisition rights that they have been granted in their entirety, and they may not exercise only a portion of such rights.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 143
Financial Section

144 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
7. Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with corporate reorganization are as follows.
If the Company executes a merger (but only in those cases in which the Company ceases to exist because of the merger), an absorption-type demerger, an incorporation-type demerger, a stock swap or stock transfer (hereinafter collectively referred to as a “corporate reorganization”), stock acquisition rights of the relevant company as prescribed in Article 236, Paragraph 1, Item (viii) (a) through (e) of the Companies Act (the “reorganized company”) will be delivered to the stock acquisition right holders possessing stock acquisition rights outstanding (“outstanding stock acquisition rights”) at the effective date of the corporate reorganization. Under such circumstances, the outstanding stock acquisition rights will be extinguished, and new stock acquisition rights will be issued for the reorganized company. Provided, however, that this applies only in cases in which such delivery of stock acquisition rights for the reorganized company is stipulated, in accordance with the conditions presented below, in the absorption-type merger agreement, the incorporation-type merger agreement, the absorption-type demerger agreement, the incorporationtype demerger plan, the stock swap agreement, or the stock transfer plan.
(1) Number of reorganized company stock acquisition rights to be delivered
The number of reorganized company stock acquisition rights to be delivered is the equal to the number of stock acquisition rights held by the
outstanding stock acquisition rights holder.
(2) Type of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights
Common stock of the reorganized company
(3) Number of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights
Number of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights shall be determined in accordance with Note 4 above, taking
into consideration the conditions of the corporate reorganization.
(4) Value of assets contributed when exercising stock acquisition rights
The value of assets to be contributed upon exercise of each stock acquisition right shall be the amount of payment price of one share delivered
by exercising the stock acquisition rights, which is 1 yen, multiplied by the number of shares underlying one stock acquisition right.
(5) Exercise period of the stock acquisition rights
Beginning on the first day of the period that the stock acquisition rights may be exercised or on the effective date of the corporate reorganiza-
tion, whichever is later, and ending on the last day of the period that the stock acquisition rights may be exercised.
(6) Increase in common stock and capital reserves arising from the issuance of shares upon the exercise of stock acquisition rights
Determined in accordance with Note 5 above.
(7) Limitations on transfers of stock acquisition rights
The approval of the reorganized company’s Board of Directors is required for any transfers of stock acquisition rights.
(8) Terms and conditions for Company retrieval of stock acquisition rights
This shall be decided based on the following procedure:
If any of the resolutions enumerated below in this section are approved by the shareholders (or, in the event that shareholder approval is not required, if approved by the Board of Directors of the Company), the Company may retrieve the stock acquisition rights without compensation on a date to be separately specified by the Board of Directors.
(i) A proposal approving a merger agreement in which the Company is the disappearing entity;
(ii) A proposal approving a demerger agreement or a demerger plan in which the Company becomes the demerged company;
(iii) A proposal approving a stock swap agreement or a stock transfer plan in which the Company becomes a wholly owned subsidiary;
(iv) A proposal approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation that establishes a provision to the effect that the approval of the
Company is required for an acquisition of shares through a transfer encompassing all of the outstanding shares of the Company; or (v) A proposal approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation that establishes a provision to the effect that the approval of the
Company is required for an acquisition of shares through a transfer that encompasses the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights or
this class of shares will be acquired in its entirety with the approval of the shareholders of the Company.
(9) Other conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights
Determined in accordance with Note 6 above.

(b) Stock options transferred from NIPPONKOA and granted by the Company
    17th issue
18th issue
       Resolution date
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
       Title and number of grantees
Directors and executive officers of NIPPONKOA: 5
Others (Note 1): 7
Directors and executive officers of NIPPONKOA: 7
Others (Note 1): 11
       Number of stock options granted by types of shares
Common stock: 35,775 stocks (Note 2)
Common stock: 50,400 stocks (Note 2)
   Grant date
Condition for the vesting
Requisite service period
Exercise period
Number of stock acquisition rights*
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to June 29, 2024
14 stock acquisition rights (Note 3)
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to June 29, 2025
13 stock acquisition rights (Note 3)
       Type, description and number of the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights*
 Common stock: 3,150 stocks (Notes 3, 4)
   Common stock: 2,925 stocks (Notes 3, 4)
   Payment price upon exercise of a stock acquisition right (yen)*
  1
    1
   Issue price and the amount of capital incorporation of the shares issued upon exercise of the stock acquisition rights (yen)*
Issue price: 2,385
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 5)
  Issue price: 2,385
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 5)
   Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights*
 (Note 6)
   (Note 6)
   Matters related to the transfer of stock acquisition rights*
  Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
    Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with the corporate reorganization*
 (Note 7)
   (Note 7)
 * The above figures represents the status as of the end of the current fiscal year (March 31, 2018), which has not changed as of the end of the month prior to the submission date of this document (May 31, 2018).
Notes)
1. “Others” in the column “Title and number of grantees” represents grantees at the time of grant by NIPPONKOA but who already retired or resigned
the position by the grant date by the Company.
2. Number of stock options in the column “Number of stock options granted by types of shares” is indicated by converting to number of shares. The
numbers of shares are calculated as a reverse split of stocks to combine common stocks at a ratio of four shares to one share on October 1, 2011.
3. The number of shares underlying each stock acquisition right is 225.
4. In the event that the Company conducts a split of stocks or a reverse split of stocks of the common stock of the Company, the number of shares
subject to such split of stocks or reverse split of stocks shall be adjusted by the following formula. However, such adjustment is restricted to the number of shares underlying the stock acquisition rights yet to be exercised at such time, where any fraction less than one share resulting from the adjustment shall be rounded down.
Number of shares after the adjustment = Number of shares before the adjustment × stock split or reverse split ratio
5. Matters related to the increases in common stock and capital reserves arising from the issuance of shares due to the exercise of stock acquisition
rights are as follows.
(1) When new shares are issued due to the exercise of the stock acquisition rights, common stock will be increased by an amount equivalent to
one-half the maximum increase in common stock, etc. calculated in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 1 of the Corporate Accounting
Regulations, with any fractions of a yen rounded up.
(2) When new shares are issued due to the exercise of the stock acquisition rights, the amount of the increase in capital reserves will be the
amount remaining after the amount of the increase in common stock as provided above is deducted from the amount of the maximum increase
in common stock, etc. as stated in (1) above.
6. Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights are as follows:
(1) Stock acquisition right holders are allowed to exercise their stock acquisition rights only within a period beginning on the day a year after the day immediately following the date of the loss of their status as a director and executive officer of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. (hereinafter the “exercise commencement date”), and ending on the day 7 years after the exercise commencement date or the last day of the exercise period, whichever earlier.
(2) Stock acquisition right holders must exercise the stock acquisition rights that they have been granted in their entirety, and they may not exercise only a portion of such rights.
7. Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with corporate reorganization are as follows.
If the Company executes a merger (but only in those cases in which the Company ceases to exist because of the merger), an absorption-type demerger, an incorporation-type demerger, a stock swap or stock transfer (hereinafter collectively referred to as a “corporate reorganization”), stock acquisition rights of the relevant company as prescribed in Article 236, Paragraph 1, Item (viii) (a) through (e) of the Companies Act (the “reorganized company”) will be delivered to the stock acquisition right holders possessing stock acquisition rights outstanding (“outstanding stock acquisition rights”) at the effective date of the corporate reorganization. Under such circumstances, the outstanding stock acquisition rights will be extinguished, and new stock acquisition rights will be issued for the reorganized company. Provided, however, that this applies only in cases in which such delivery of stock acquisition rights for the reorganized company is stipulated, in accordance with the conditions presented below, in the absorption-type merger agreement, the incorporation-type merger agreement, the absorption-type demerger agreement, the incorporationtype demerger plan, the stock swap agreement, or the stock transfer plan.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 145
Financial Section

(1) Number of reorganized company stock acquisition rights to be delivered
The number of reorganized company stock acquisition rights to be delivered is the equal to the number of stock acquisition rights held by the outstanding stock acquisition rights holder.
(2) Type of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights Common stock of the reorganized company
(3) Number of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights
Number of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights shall be determined in accordance with Note 4 above, taking into consideration the conditions of the corporate reorganization.
(4) Value of assets contributed when exercising stock acquisition rights
The value of assets to be contributed upon exercise of each stock acquisition right shall be the amount of payment price of one share delivered by exercising the stock acquisition rights, which is 1 yen, multiplied by the number of shares underlying one stock acquisition right.
(5) Exercise period of the stock acquisition rights
Beginning on the first day of the period that the stock acquisition rights may be exercised or on the effective date of the corporate reorganization, whichever is later, and ending on the last day of the period that the stock acquisition rights may be exercised.
(6) Increase in common stock and capital reserves arising from the issuance of shares upon the exercise of stock acquisition rights Determined in accordance with Note 5 above.
(7) Limitations on transfers of stock acquisition rights
The approval of the reorganized company’s Board of Directors is required for any transfers of stock acquisition rights.
(8) Terms and conditions for Company retrieval of stock acquisition rights
This shall be decided based on the following procedure:
If any of the resolutions enumerated below in this section are approved by the shareholders (or, in the event that shareholder approval is not required, if approved by the Board of Directors of the Company), the Company may retrieve the stock acquisition rights without compensation on a date to be separately specified by the Board of Directors.
(i) A proposal approving a merger agreement in which the Company is the disappearing entity;
(ii) A proposal approving a demerger agreement or a demerger plan in which the Company becomes the demerged company;
(iii) A proposal approving a stock swap agreement or a stock transfer plan in which the Company becomes a wholly owned subsidiary;
(iv) A proposal approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation that establishes a provision to the effect that the approval of the
Company is required for an acquisition of shares through a transfer encompassing all of the outstanding shares of the Company; or (v) A proposal approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation that establishes a provision to the effect that the approval of the
Company is required for an acquisition of shares through a transfer that encompasses the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights or
this class of shares will be acquired in its entirety with the approval of the shareholders of the Company.
(9) Other conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights
Determined in accordance with Note 6 above.
    19th issue
20th issue
       Resolution date
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
       Title and number of grantees
Directors and executive officers of NIPPONKOA: 12
Others (Note 1): 2
Directors and executive officers of NIPPONKOA: 12
Others (Note 1): 2
       Number of stock options granted by types of shares
Common stock: 27,675 stocks (Note 2)
Common stock: 30,375 stocks (Note 2)
   Grant date
Condition for the vesting
Requisite service period
Exercise period
Number of stock acquisition rights*
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to March 27, 2027
10 stock acquisition rights (Note 3)
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date. —
April 1, 2010 to March 17, 2028
12 stock acquisition rights (Note 3)
           Type, description and number of the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights*
  Common stock: 2,250 stocks (Notes 3, 4)
  Common stock: 2,700 stocks (Notes 3, 4)
   Payment price upon exercise of a stock acquisition right (yen)*
   1
   1
   Issue price and the amount of capital incorporation of the shares issued upon exercise of the stock acquisition rights (yen)*
 Issue price: 2,441
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 5)
 Issue price: 2,441
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 5)
   Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights*
  (Note 6)
  (Note 6)
   Matters related to the transfer of stock acquisition rights*
   Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with the corporate reorganization*
  (Note 7)
  (Note 7)
 146 Sompo Holdings, Inc.

    21st issue
22nd issue
       Resolution date
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
Extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Sompo Japan held on December 22, 2009 and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of NIPPONKOA held on December 30, 2009
       Title and number of grantees
Directors and executive officers of NIPPONKOA: 16
Others (Note 1): 3
Directors and executive officers of NIPPONKOA: 21
Others (Note 1): 3
       Number of stock options granted by types of shares
Common stock: 61,875 stocks (Note 2)
Common stock: 88,425 stocks (Note 2)
   Grant date
Condition for the vesting
Requisite service period
Exercise period
Number of stock acquisition rights*
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to March 16, 2029
19 stock acquisition rights (Note 3)
April 1, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
April 1, 2010 to October 7, 2029
23 stock acquisition rights (Note 3)
       Type, description and number of the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights*
 Common stock: 4,275 stocks (Notes 3, 4)
   Common stock: 5,175 stocks (Notes 3, 4)
   Payment price upon exercise of a stock acquisition right (yen)*
  1
    1
   Issue price and the amount of capital incorporation of the shares issued upon exercise of the stock acquisition rights (yen)*
Issue price: 2,441
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 5)
  Issue price: 2,441
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 5)
   Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights*
  (Note 6)
    (Note 6)
   Matters related to the transfer of stock acquisition rights*
 Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with the corporate reorganization*
 (Note 7)
   (Note 7)
 * The above figures represents the status as of the end of the current fiscal year (March 31, 2018), which has not changed as of the end of the month prior to the submission date of this document (May 31, 2018).
Notes)
1. “Others” in the column “Title and number of grantees” represents grantees at the time of grant by NIPPONKOA but who already retired or resigned
the position by the grant date by the Company.
2. Number of stock options in the column “Number of stock options granted by types of shares” is indicated by converting to number of shares. The
numbers of shares are calculated as a reverse split of stocks to combine common stocks at a ratio of four shares to one share on October 1, 2011.
3. The number of shares underlying each stock acquisition right is 225.
4. In the event that the Company conducts a split of stocks or a reverse split of stocks of the common stock of the Company, the number of shares
subject to such split of stocks or reverse split of stocks shall be adjusted by the following formula. However, such adjustment is restricted to the number of shares underlying the stock acquisition rights yet to be exercised at such time, where any fraction less than one share resulting from the adjustment shall be rounded down.
Number of shares after the adjustment = Number of shares before the adjustment × stock split or reverse split ratio
5. Matters related to the increases in common stock and capital reserves arising from the issuance of shares due to the exercise of stock acquisition
rights are as follows.
(1) When new shares are issued due to the exercise of the stock acquisition rights, common stock will be increased by an amount equivalent to
one-half the maximum increase in common stock, etc. calculated in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 1 of the Corporate Accounting
Regulations, with any fractions of a yen rounded up.
(2) When new shares are issued due to the exercise of the stock acquisition rights, the amount of the increase in capital reserves will be the
amount remaining after the amount of the increase in common stock as provided above is deducted from the amount of the maximum increase
in common stock, etc. as stated in (1) above.
6. Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights are as follows:
(1) Stock acquisition right holders are allowed to exercise their stock acquisition rights only within a period beginning on the date of the loss of their status as a director and executive officer of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. (hereinafter the “exercise commencement date”), and ending on the day 10 days after the following date of the exercise commencement date (and before the end of the exercise period of the stock acquisition rights (hereinafter the “exercise period”)).
(2) Stock acquisition right holders must exercise the stock acquisition rights that they have been granted in their entirety, and they may not exercise only a portion of such rights.
7. Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with corporate reorganization are as follows.
If the Company executes a merger (but only in those cases in which the Company ceases to exist because of the merger), an absorption-type demerger, an incorporation-type demerger, a stock swap or stock transfer (hereinafter collectively referred to as a “corporate reorganization”), stock acquisition rights of the relevant company as prescribed in Article 236, Paragraph 1, Item (viii) (a) through (e) of the Companies Act (the “reorganized company”) will be delivered to the stock acquisition right holders possessing stock acquisition rights outstanding (“outstanding stock acquisition rights”) at the effective date of the corporate reorganization. Under such circumstances, the outstanding stock acquisition rights will be extinguished, and new stock acquisition rights will be issued for the reorganized company. Provided, however, that this applies only in cases in which such delivery of stock acquisition rights for the reorganized company is stipulated, in accordance with the conditions presented below, in the absorption-type merger agreement, the incorporation-type merger agreement, the absorption-type demerger agreement, the incorporationtype demerger plan, the stock swap agreement, or the stock transfer plan.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 147
Financial Section

(1) Number of reorganized company stock acquisition rights to be delivered
The number of reorganized company stock acquisition rights to be delivered is the equal to the number of stock acquisition rights held by the outstanding stock acquisition rights holder.
(2) Type of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights Common stock of the reorganized company
(3) Number of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights
Number of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights shall be determined in accordance with Note 4 above, taking into consideration the conditions of the corporate reorganization.
(4) Value of assets contributed when exercising stock acquisition rights
The value of assets to be contributed upon exercise of each stock acquisition right shall be the amount of payment price of one share delivered by exercising the stock acquisition rights, which is 1 yen, multiplied by the number of shares underlying one stock acquisition right.
(5) Exercise period of the stock acquisition rights
Beginning on the first day of the period that the stock acquisition rights may be exercised or on the effective date of the corporate reorganization, whichever is later, and ending on the last day of the period that the stock acquisition rights may be exercised.
(6) Increase in common stock and capital reserves arising from the issuance of shares upon the exercise of stock acquisition rights Determined in accordance with Note 5 above.
(7) Limitations on transfers of stock acquisition rights
The approval of the reorganized company’s Board of Directors is required for any transfers of stock acquisition rights.
(8) Terms and conditions for Company retrieval of stock acquisition rights
This shall be decided based on the following procedure:
If any of the resolutions enumerated below in this section are approved by the shareholders (or, in the event that shareholder approval is not required, if approved by the Board of Directors of the Company), the Company may retrieve the stock acquisition rights without compensation on a date to be separately specified by the Board of Directors.
(i) A proposal approving a merger agreement in which the Company is the disappearing entity;
(ii) A proposal approving a demerger agreement or a demerger plan in which the Company becomes the demerged company;
(iii) A proposal approving a stock swap agreement or a stock transfer plan in which the Company becomes a wholly owned subsidiary;
(iv) A proposal approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation that establishes a provision to the effect that the approval of the
Company is required for an acquisition of shares through a transfer encompassing all of the outstanding shares of the Company; or (v) A proposal approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation that establishes a provision to the effect that the approval of the
Company is required for an acquisition of shares through a transfer that encompasses the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights or
this class of shares will be acquired in its entirety with the approval of the shareholders of the Company.
(9) Other conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights
Determined in accordance with Note 6 above.
(c) Stock options granted by the Company
  23rd issue
  24th issue
   Resolution date
Grant date
Condition for the vesting
Requisite service period
Exercise period
Number of stock acquisition rights*
Meeting of the Board of Directors held on July 30, 2010
August 16, 2010
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
August 17, 2010 to August 16, 2035
1,218 stock acquisition rights (Note 4)
Meeting of the Board of Directors held on October 14, 2011
November 1, 2011
Stock options are vested on the grant date. —
November 1, 2011 to October 31, 2036
464 [450] stock acquisition rights (Note 4)
   Title and number of grantees
  Directors and executive officers of the Company: 7
Directors and executive officers of subsidiaries of the Company: 66 The actual number of persons 69
(Notes 1, 2)
  Directors and executive officers of the Company: 8
Directors and executive officers of subsidiaries of the Company: 82 The actual number of persons 86
(Notes 1, 2)
   Number of stock options granted by types of shares
   Common stock: 349,450 stocks (Note 3)
   Common stock: 372,300 stocks (Note 3)
            Type, description and number of the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights*
  Common stock: 30,450 stocks (Notes 4, 5)
  Common stock: 46,400 [45,000] stocks (Notes 4, 5)
   Payment price upon exercise of a stock acquisition right (yen)*
   1
   1
   Issue price and the amount of capital incorporation of the shares issued upon exercise of the stock acquisition rights (yen)*
 Issue price: 1,809
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 6)
 Issue price: 1,373
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 6)
   Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights*
  (Note 7)
  (Note 7)
   Matters related to the transfer of stock acquisition rights*
   Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with the corporate reorganization*
  (Note 8)
  (Note 8)
 148 Sompo Holdings, Inc.

  25th issue
  26th issue
   Resolution date
Grant date
Condition for the vesting
Requisite service period
Exercise period
Number of stock acquisition rights*
Meeting of the Board of Directors held on July 27, 2012
August 14, 2012
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
August 14, 2012 to August 13, 2037
581 [516] stock acquisition rights (Note 4)
Meeting of the Board of Directors held on July 26, 2013
August 13, 2013
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
August 13, 2013 to August 12, 2038
385 [351] stock acquisition rights (Note 4)
   Title and number of grantees
 Directors and executive officers of the Company: 7
Directors and executive officers of subsidiaries of the Company: 87 The actual number of persons 90
(Notes 1, 2)
   Directors and executive officers of the Company: 9
Directors and executive officers of subsidiaries of the Company: 136 The actual number of persons 79
(Notes 1, 2)
   Number of stock options granted by types of shares
  Common stock: 391,100 stocks (Note 3)
    Common stock: 195,000 stocks (Note 3)
        Type, description and number of the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights*
 Common stock: 58,100 [51,600] stocks (Notes 4, 5)
   Common stock: 38,500 [35,100] stocks (Notes 4, 5)
   Payment price upon exercise of a stock acquisition right (yen)*
  1
    1
   Issue price and the amount of capital incorporation of the shares issued upon exercise of the stock acquisition rights (yen)*
Issue price: 1,329
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 6)
  Issue price: 2,297
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 6)
   Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights*
  (Note 7)
    (Note 7)
   Matters related to the transfer of stock acquisition rights*
 Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with the corporate reorganization*
 (Note 8)
   (Note 8)
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 149
Financial Section

  27th issue
  28th issue
   Resolution date
Grant date
Condition for the vesting
Requisite service period
Exercise period
Number of stock acquisition rights*
Meeting of the Board of Directors held on July 30, 2014
August 15, 2014
Stock options are vested on the grant date.
—
August 15, 2014 to August 14, 2039
558 [498] stock acquisition rights (Note 4)
Meeting of the Board of Directors held on July 30, 2015
August 17, 2015
Stock options are vested on the grant date. —
August 17, 2015 to August 16, 2040
581 [480] stock acquisition rights (Note 4)
   Title and number of grantees
  Directors and executive officers of the Company: 11
Directors and executive officers of subsidiaries of the Company: 117 The actual number of persons 69
(Notes 1, 2)
  Directors and executive officers of the Company: 16
Directors and executive officers of subsidiaries of the Company: 61 The actual number of persons 63
(Notes 1, 2)
   Number of stock options granted by types of shares
   Common stock: 172,900 stocks (Note 3)
   Common stock: 100,700 stocks (Note 3)
            Type, description and number of the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights*
  Common stock: 55,800 [49,800] stocks (Notes 4, 5)
  Common stock: 58,100 [48,000] stocks (Notes 4, 5)
   Payment price upon exercise of a stock acquisition right (yen)*
   1
   1
   Issue price and the amount of capital incorporation of the shares issued upon exercise of the stock acquisition rights (yen)*
 Issue price: 2,404
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 6)
 Issue price: 4,153
Amount of capital incorporation (Note 6)
   Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights*
   (Note 7)
   (Note 7)
   Matters related to the transfer of stock acquisition rights*
  Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
  Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
   Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with the corporate reorganization*
  (Note 8)
  (Note 8)
 150 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
* The above figures represents the status as of the end of the current fiscal year (March 31, 2018). For changes made during the period between the end of the current fiscal year and the end of the month prior to the submission date of this document (May 31, 2018), status as of the end of the month prior to the submission date is indicated in square brackets and the absence of these indicates no change.
Notes)
1. “Directors” in the column “Title and number of grantees” excludes outside directors and non-full time directors.
2. Since several directors and executive officers of the Company have concurrently served as director/executive officer of the Company or its
subsidiaries, the actual number of the persons to whom the stock acquisition rights of the Company are granted is shown in the table,
respectively.
3. Number of stock options in the column “Number of stock options granted by types of shares” is indicated by converting to number of shares. The
numbers of shares concerning the 23rd issue of stock acquisition rights of the Company are calculated as a reverse split of stocks to combine
common stocks at a ratio of four shares to one share on October 1, 2011.
4. The number of shares underlying each stock acquisition right is 25 for the 23rd issue of stock acquisition rights and 100 for the 24th to the 28th
issue of stock acquisition rights.
5. In the event that the Company conducts a split of stocks or a reverse split of stocks of the common stock of the Company, the number of shares
subject to such split of stocks or reverse split of stocks shall be adjusted by the following formula. However, such adjustment is restricted to the number of shares underlying the stock acquisition rights yet to be exercised at such time, where any fraction less than one share resulting from the adjustment shall be rounded down.
Number of shares after the adjustment = Number of shares before the adjustment × stock split or reverse split ratio
6. Matters related to the increases in common stock and capital reserves arising from the issuance of shares due to the exercise of stock acquisition
rights are as follows.
(1) When new shares are issued due to the exercise of the stock acquisition rights, common stock will be increased by an amount equivalent to
one-half the maximum increase in common stock, etc. calculated in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 1 of the Corporate Accounting
Regulations, with any fractions of a yen rounded up.
(2) When new shares are issued due to the exercise of the stock acquisition rights, the amount of the increase in capital reserves will be the
amount remaining after the amount of the increase in common stock as provided above is deducted from the amount of the maximum increase in common stock, etc. as stated in (1) above.

7. Conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights are as follows:
(1) Stock acquisition right holders are allowed to exercise their stock acquisition rights only within a period of 10 days from the day immediately
following the day on which the holders lose their status as a director and executive officer of the Company and its subsidiaries.
(2) Stock acquisition right holders must exercise the stock acquisition rights that they have been granted in their entirety, and they may not
exercise only a portion of such rights.
8. Matters related to the delivery of the stock acquisition rights associated with corporate reorganization are as follows.
If the Company executes a merger (but only in those cases in which the Company ceases to exist because of the merger), an absorption-type demerger, an incorporation-type demerger, a stock swap or stock transfer (hereinafter collectively referred to as a “corporate reorganization”), stock acquisition rights of the relevant company as prescribed in Article 236, Paragraph 1, Item (viii) (a) through (e) of the Companies Act (the “reorganized company”) will be delivered to the stock acquisition right holders possessing stock acquisition rights outstanding (“outstanding stock acquisition rights”) at the effective date of the corporate reorganization. Under such circumstances, the outstanding stock acquisition rights will be extinguished, and new stock acquisition rights will be issued for the reorganized company. Provided, however, that this applies only in cases in which such delivery of stock acquisition rights for the reorganized company is stipulated, in accordance with the conditions presented below, in the absorption-type merger agreement, the incorporation-type merger agreement, the absorption-type demerger agreement, the incorporationtype demerger plan, the stock swap agreement, or the stock transfer plan.
(1) Number of reorganized company stock acquisition rights to be delivered
The number of reorganized company stock acquisition rights to be delivered is the equal to the number of stock acquisition rights held by the outstanding stock acquisition rights holder.
(2) Type of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights Common stock of the reorganized company
(3) Number of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights
Number of reorganized company shares underlying the stock acquisition rights shall be determined in accordance with Note 5 above, taking into consideration the conditions of the corporate reorganization.
(4) Value of assets contributed when exercising stock acquisition rights
The value of assets to be contributed upon exercise of each stock acquisition right shall be the amount of payment price of one share delivered by exercising the stock acquisition rights, which is 1 yen, multiplied by the number of shares underlying one stock acquisition right.
(5) Exercise period of the stock acquisition rights
Beginning on the first day of the period that the stock acquisition rights may be exercised or on the effective date of the corporate reorganization, whichever is later, and ending on the last day of the period that the stock acquisition rights may be exercised.
(6) Increase in common stock and capital reserves arising from the issuance of shares upon the exercise of stock acquisition rights Determined in accordance with Note 6 above.
(7) Limitations on transfers of stock acquisition rights
The approval of the reorganized company’s Board of Directors is required for any transfers of stock acquisition rights.
(8) Terms and conditions for Company retrieval of stock acquisition rights
This shall be decided based on the following procedure:
If any of the resolutions enumerated below in this section are approved by the shareholders (or, in the event that shareholder approval is not required, if approved by the Board of Directors of the Company), the Company may retrieve the stock acquisition rights without compensation on a date to be separately specified by the Board of Directors.
(i) A proposal approving a merger agreement in which the Company is the disappearing entity;
(ii) A proposal approving a demerger agreement or a demerger plan in which the Company becomes the demerged company;
(iii) A proposal approving a stock swap agreement or a stock transfer plan in which the Company becomes a wholly owned subsidiary;
(iv) A proposal approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation that establishes a provision to the effect that the approval of the
Company is required for an acquisition of shares through a transfer encompassing all of the outstanding shares of the Company; or (v) A proposal approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation that establishes a provision to the effect that the approval of the
Company is required for an acquisition of shares through a transfer that encompasses the shares underlying the stock acquisition rights or
this class of shares will be acquired in its entirety with the approval of the shareholders of the Company.
(9) Other conditions for exercising the stock acquisition rights
Determined in accordance with Note 7 above.
(2) Size and its changes of stock options
Number of stock options existing for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 is indicated by converting to number of shares.
(a) Number of stock options
As all stock options are vested at the time that they are granted, items of stock options before vested are not shown.
<Stock options after vested>
13th issue of stock acquisition rights of the Company
14th issue
15th issue
16th issue
17th issue
18th issue
19th issue
20th issue
21st issue
22nd issue
23rd issue
24th issue
25th issue
26th issue
27th issue
28th issue
March 31, 2017
23,750
13,500
4,925
8,550
4,050
3,825
2,250
2,700
4,275
5,175
33,550
51,200
68,200
47,900
69,100
69,100
— —
— —
— —
— —
— 450
— 450
— —
— —
— —
— —
— 3,100
— 4,800
— 10,100
— 9,400
— 13,300
— 11,000
(Stocks) March 31, 2018
23,750 —
13,500 —
— 4,925
— 8,550
450 3,150
450 2,925
— 2,250
— 2,700
— 4,275
— 5,175
— 30,450
— 46,400
— 58,100
— 38,500
— 55,800
— 58,100
   Vested
  Exercised
  Forfeited
                    Integrated Annual Report 2018 151
Financial Section

(b) Unit value information
     Exercise price (yen)
  Average stock price at the time of exercise during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (yen)
  Fair value per share on the grant date (yen)
  13th issue
14th issue
15th issue
16th issue
17th issue
18th issue
19th issue
20th issue
21st issue
of stock acquisition rights of the Company
6,188 (Note 1)
3,960 (Note 1)
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
— 1,516
— 944
— 3,760
— 2,492
4,340 2,384
4,340 2,384
— 2,440
— 2,440
— 2,440
— 2,440
4,286 1,808
4,286 1,372
4,154 1,328
4,097 2,296
4,076 2,403
4,095 4,152
(Notes 1, 2)
(Notes 1, 2)
(Notes 1, 2)
(Notes 1, 2)
(Note 1)
(Note 1)
(Note 1)
(Note 1)
(Note 1)
(Note 1)
(Note 1)
         22nd issue
23rd issue
24th issue
25th issue
26th issue
27th issue
28th issue
       152 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Notes)
1. The Company carried out a reverse split of stocks to combine common stocks at a ratio of four shares to one share on October 1, 2011. The amounts
represent exercise price and fair value per share on the grant date after the execution of the reverse split of stocks. 2. Fair value per share at the time of grant by Sompo Japan is shown in the table.
4. Method for estimating the fair value per share of stock options
There is no stock option granted for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
The Company does not make a new estimation for the fair value per share of stock acquisition rights transferred from Sompo Japan to the Company (13th to 16th issue of stock acquisition rights of the Company). The Company also does not make a new estimation for the fair value per share of stock acquisition rights transferred from NIPPONKOA to the Company (17th to 22nd issue of stock acquisition rights of the Company) because those are revalued under the purchase method.
5. Method for estimating the number of rights of stock options vested
As all stock options are vested at the time that they are granted, this item is not applicable.

14. Tax Effect Accounting
1. Main components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
 (Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 175,792
38,293
38,185
34,655
34,520
28,789
57,731
 407,968
(63,389)
 344,578
 (373,883)
(10,530)
(19,339)
 (403,753)
 (59,174)
  Deferred tax assets:
Underwriting reserves
Losses carried forward for tax purposes Reserve for outstanding losses and claims Intangible fixed assets for tax purposes Impairment losses on securities and real estate Net defined benefit liability
Others
Subtotal
Valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities:
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale Unrealized gains and losses on consolidated subsidiaries Others
Total deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax liabilities
As of March 31, 2017
176,638 30,672 37,717 34,636 34,442 37,542 62,339
413,989 (73,465)
340,524
(353,067) (10,596) (38,860)
(402,524)
(62,000)
      2. Reconciliation of the significant difference between the statutory income tax rate and the effective tax rate after the application of tax effect accounting
 (%)
  As of March 31, 2018
 30.9
(140.7)
80.2
7.0
3.8
(0.7)
 (19.5)
 As of March 31, 2017 Japanese statutory income tax rate 30.9
(Reconciliation)
Non-taxable revenue such as dividends received (3.3) Combined income of specified foreign subsidiaries or the like 0.0 Amortization of goodwill 1.2 Non-deductible expenses such as entertainment expenses 0.8 Others (1.4)
Effective tax rate after the application of tax effect accounting 28.1
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 153
Financial Section

154
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
15. Business Combination
Business divestiture
(1) Summary of business divestiture
(a) Name of the recipient of the divested company
Fortuna Holdings Limited
(Fortuna Holdings Limited is registered and incorporated in the Island of Jersey and owned by the fund managed by an affiliate of Centerbridge Partners, L.P.)
(b) Description of the divested business
Canopius AG (hereinafter “Canopius”) engaged in insurance business, etc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates
(c) Major reasons for the business divestiture
Following the acquisition of Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. group in March 2017, operating Canopius, which has the similar Lloyd’s business, as a standalone company would result in lack of strategic consistency, business efficiency and brand unification of the group. In addition, integrating Canopius in a hasty and irrational manner would harm the corporate value of Canopius. Taking these into consideration, the Company concluded that selling Canopius would help improve the Company’s capital efficiency and maximize shareholder value and would be the best option for Canopius. Following negotiations with a number of potential buyers, the Company has transferred the shares of Canopius.
(d) Date of the business divestiture March 9, 2018
(e) Matters related to the summary of the transaction including its legal form Share transfer in which consideration is limited to cash and other properties
(2) Summary of accounting treatment applied
(a) Amount of profits or losses on transfer
Losses on sales of securities 1,332 million yen
(b) Appropriate carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities associated with the transferred business and its major components
 Total assets: Securities
Total liabilities: Underwriting funds
USD 3,083 million USD 1,889 million USD 2,505 million USD 2,078 million
(c) Accounting treatment
The difference between the consolidated carrying amount and the selling price of Canopius is recorded as losses on sales of securities in ordinary expenses.
(3) Reportable segment to which the divested business belonged
Overseas insurance business
(4) Approximate amounts of profits or losses related to the divested business as recorded on the consolidated statement of income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
Net premiums written 129,755 million yen Ordinary profit (26,749) million yen

16. Segment Information
Segment information
1. Summary of reportable segments
The reportable segment of the Company is the component of SOMPO HOLDINGS, for which discrete financial information is available and whose operating results are periodically reviewed by the Board of Directors to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance. The respective group companies of the Company determine their comprehensive strategies for their operations as independent management unit and roll out their operations under the group-wide management policy
of the Company.
Therefore, the Company is composed of business segments, which consist of the respective group companies as minimum component. “Domestic P&C insurance business,” “Domestic life insurance business,” “Nursing care and healthcare business” and “Overseas insurance business” are determined as the reportable segments. The Company, asset management business and defined-contribution pension business that are not covered by the reportable segments are included in “Others.” The major companies which constitute the reportable segments and “Others” are described below.
“Domestic P&C insurance business” consists mainly of underwriting of property and casualty insurance, investment, and related activities in Japan. “Domestic life insurance business” consists mainly of underwriting of life insurance and investment activities in Japan, “Nursing care and healthcare business” consists mainly of providing nursing care service and healthcare service, “Overseas insurance business” consists mainly
of underwriting of property and casualty insurance and investment activities overseas.
Major companies
Reportable segments
Domestic life insurance business Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc.
2. Calculation methods for the amount of sales, income or loss, assets and other items by each reportable segment
The accounting methods of reportable business segments are those mentioned in “1. Significant Accounting Policies for the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements.” Income or loss attributable to the reportable segments is the amounts based on net income attributable to shareholders of the parent in the consolidated statement of income.
Income from internal transactions among segments is based on the price of transactions among third parties and others.
          Domestic P&C insurance business
   Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited
         Nursing care and healthcare business
Sompo Care Message Inc.
Sompo Care Next Inc.
Sompo Risk Management & Health Care Inc.
    Overseas insurance business
Sompo International Holdings Ltd. Sompo America Insurance Company Sompo Japan Sigorta Anonim Sirketi Sompo Seguros S. A.
     Others
Sompo Holdings, Inc. (Insurance holding company) Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd. Sompo Japan Nipponkoa DC Securities Inc.
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 155
Financial Section

(Changes in the depreciation method)
As described in “1. Significant Accounting Policies for the Preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements 4. Accounting policies,” the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries have changed the depreciation method for tangible fixed assets from the declining balance method to the straight-line method since the beginning of the fiscal year 2017. Previously, the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries applied the declining balance method for depreciation of tangible fixed assets except for buildings acquired on or after April 1, 1998 and structures and fixtures attached to buildings acquired on or after April 1, 2016, to which the straight-line method was applied. As a result of this change, regarding segment income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, “Domestic P&C insurance business” segment increased 2,026 million yen and “Nursing care and healthcare business” segment increased 95 million yen, respectively, compared with the amounts calculated under the previous method. The effect of this change on the other segments was immaterial.
3. Information related to the amount of sales, income or loss, assets and other items by each reportable segment
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
  Reportable segments
  Others (Note 2)
  Total
   Adjustments (Note 3)
  Domestic P&C insurance business
   Domestic life insurance business
  Nursing care and healthcare business
    Overseas insurance business
   Total
      Sales (Note 1):
Sales from transactions with external customers
Sales from internal transactions or transfers among segments
2,212,230 317,311 — —
116,492 2,663
119,155
(6,847)
189,066
5,583 4,807
164 3,052 — 0
224
178 1,386
— 2,813
344,655 —
344,655
12,833
2,559,729
3,467 3,336
18,750 1,181 220 53
148 — 4,655
1,761 132,315
2,990,689 2,663
2,993,352
167,403
11,907,137
25,460 8,907
174,413
9,658
398
9,312 19,092 375 64,550
3,085 183,017
9,892 3,000,582 8,665 11,328
18,558 3,011,910
(1,000) 166,402
(Millions of yen)
Amount on the consolidated financial statements (Note 4)
418,948 3,419,530
            Total 2,212,230 317,311
Segment income (loss) 153,774 7,642
Segment assets 6,568,019 2,590,322
Other items:
Depreciation 15,936 471
23,997
142 —
0
7
—
69 12 11
722 —
324
11,931,135
25,603 8,907
174,413
9,666
398
9,381 19,105 387 65,272
3,085 183,342
(11,328)
407,619
—
—
— —
(850) (8) —
— — — —
— —
—
3,419,530
166,402
11,931,135
25,603 8,907
173,563
9,657
398
9,381 19,105 387 65,272
3,085 183,342
   Amortization of goodwill
Interest and dividend income
Interest paid
Investment gains
on the equity method
Extraordinary gains (Note 5) Extraordinary losses (Note 6):
Impairment losses
Income tax expenses
Investment in affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Increase in tangible and intangible fixed assets
154 609
113,916 41,582
5,330 93
177 —
9,257 0 17,546 1,172 197 — 55,082 3,426
1,324 — 47,389 498
             156 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Notes)
1. Sales amounts represent the following:
Domestic P&C insurance business:
Domestic life insurance business:
Overseas insurance business:
Nursing care and healthcare business:
“Others” and amount on the consolidated financial statements:
Net premiums written
Life insurance premiums written
Net premiums written and life insurance premiums written Ordinary income
Ordinary income
2. “Others” is business segments which are not included in reportable segments. It includes the Company (insurance holding company), asset management business and defined-contribution pension business.
3. Adjustments of sales are as follows.
Ordinary income related to domestic P&C insurance business, domestic life insurance business and overseas insurance business excluding net premiums written and
life insurance premiums written:
Elimination of internal transactions among segments:
418,948 million yen
(11,328) million yen
4. Segment income (loss) is adjusted to net income attributable to shareholders of the parent in the consolidated statement of income.
5. Extraordinary gains for domestic P&C insurance business include 9,257 million yen of gains on disposal of fixed assets.
6. Extraordinary losses for domestic P&C insurance business include 10,542 million yen of provision for reserve for price fluctuation, and 6,807 million yen
of losses on disposal of fixed assets.

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Sales (Note 1):
Sales from transactions with external customers
Sales from internal transactions or transfers among segments
Total
Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation Amortization of goodwill
Interest and dividend income
Interest paid
Investment gains
on the equity method
Extraordinary gains (Note 5) Extraordinary losses (Note 6)
Impairment losses
Income tax expenses
Investment in affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Increase in tangible and intangible fixed assets
Notes)
1. Sales amounts represent the following:
Domestic P&C insurance business:
Domestic life insurance business:
Overseas insurance business:
Nursing care and healthcare business:
“Others” and amount on the consolidated financial statements:
(Millions of yen)
Amount on the consolidated financial statements (Note 4)
     Reportable segments
              Domestic P&C insurance business
2,218,407
Domestic life insurance business
341,998
Nursing care and healthcare business
125,047
Overseas insurance business
641,347
Total
3,326,801
Others (Note 2)
9,304
Total
3,336,106
Adjustments (Note 3)
         433,946
3,770,052
          —
—
2,835
—
2,835
10,927
13,763
(13,763)
—
         2,218,407
341,998
127,883
641,347
3,329,637
20,232
3,349,869
420,183
3,770,052
         112,765
7,462
(1,485)
20,892
139,635
182
139,817
—
139,817
         6,736,732
13,102
105,454
147
7,063
4,641
47,271
2,738
43,369
33
2,796,934
428
609
43,816
1,438
3,166
96
—
0
—
187,434
5,135
4,807
152
2,920
—
0
46
—
500
2,202,596
54,225
20,167
42,285
4,470
559
26,021
9,510
8,393
(69,782)
11,923,697
72,891
25,731
191,709
14,550
592
30,663
58,265
11,132
(22,746)
24,626
177
—
50
445
0
3
—
2
—
11,948,323
73,069
25,731
191,710
14,554
592
30,713
58,268
11,132
(22,301)
—
         —
—
(847)
(4)
—
(21)
(21)
—
—
11,948,323
73,069
25,731
190,863
14,549
592
30,692
58,246
11,132
(22,301)
          1,356
67,367
—
380
2,511
—
3,554
7,634
4,910
77,895
—
358
4,910
78,253
—
—
4,910
78,253
                      2. “Others” is business segments which are not included in reportable segments. It includes the Company (insurance holding company), asset management business and defined-contribution pension business.
3. Adjustments of sales are as follows.
Ordinary income related to domestic P&C insurance business, domestic life insurance business and overseas insurance business excluding net premiums written and
life insurance premiums written:
Elimination of internal transactions among segments:
433,946 million yen
(13,763) million yen
4. Segment income (loss) is adjusted to net income attributable to shareholders of the parent in the consolidated statement of income.
5. Extraordinary gains for domestic P&C insurance business include 4,619 million yen of gains on disposal of fixed assets. Also, extraordinary gains for overseas insurance business include 25,927 million yen of gains on liquidation of overseas subsidiaries.
6. Extraordinary losses for domestic P&C insurance business include 34,041 million yen of losses on disposal of fixed assets, and 10,490 million yen of provision for reserve for price fluctuation. Also, extraordinary losses for overseas insurance business include 8,393 million yen of impairment losses.
Related information
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Net premiums written
Life insurance premiums written
Net premiums written and life insurance premiums written Ordinary income
Ordinary income
 1. Information by products and services
    Fire and allied insurance
  Marine insurance
   Personal accident insurance
   Voluntary automobile insurance
   Compulsory automobile liability insurance
  Others
  Total
   Net premiums written 373,558
Life insurance premiums written 299,931
79,335
194,152 1,245,666
295,884
(Millions of yen)
361,739 2,550,336
(Millions of yen) Total
— 323,860
    Individual insurance
  Individual annuities
  Group insurance
  Group annuities
   6,935 16,994
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 157
Financial Section

2. Information by geographic area
(1) Sales
2,557,488 74,313 358,887
(Millions of yen) Total
2,990,689
    Japan
 United States
 Others
    Notes)
1. Sales represent amounts of net premiums written, life insurance premiums written and ordinary income of nursing care and healthcare business. 2. Geographic area is classified into country or region in line with the classification used for management purpose mainly based on locations
of customers.
(2) Tangible fixed assets
Geographic information is omitted because tangible fixed assets located in Japan constitute more than 90 percent of tangible fixed assets in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Information by major customers
None.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018) 1. Information by products and services
Net premiums written
Life insurance premiums written
2. Information by geographic area
(1) Sales
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen) Total
               Fire and allied insurance
Marine insurance
Personal accident insurance
Voluntary automobile insurance
Compulsory automobile liability insurance
Others
     454,125
105,325
2,854,755
          (Millions of yen) Total
  158 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Notes)
1. Sales represent amounts of net premiums written, life insurance premiums written and ordinary income of nursing care and healthcare business. 2. Geographic area is classified into country or region in line with the classification used for management purpose mainly based on locations
of customers.
(2) Tangible fixed assets
Geographic information is omitted because tangible fixed assets located in Japan constitute more than 90 percent of tangible fixed assets in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Information by major customers
None.
Total
    192,798
1,241,314
292,021
569,170
         Individual insurance
Individual annuities
Group insurance
Group annuities
     Japan
2,612,597
325,365
United States
6,348
15,284
—
346,998
        Others
    343,455
370,748
3,326,801
    
Information related to impairment losses on fixed assets by reportable segments
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
(Millions of yen) Total
Impairment losses 197 — 178 — 375 11 — 387
   Reportable segments
  Others
  Unallocated amounts and eliminations
   Domestic P&C insurance business
   Domestic life insurance business
   Nursing care and healthcare business
   Overseas insurance business
   Total
       Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Impairment losses
(Millions of yen) Total
      Reportable segments
Unallocated amounts and eliminations
               Domestic P&C insurance business
Domestic life insurance business
Nursing care and healthcare business
Overseas insurance business
Total
Others
          2,738
—
—
8,393
11,132
—
—
11,132
         Information related to amortization of goodwill and balance of goodwill by reportable segments
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
          Reportable segments
Unallocated amounts and eliminations
             Domestic P&C insurance business
Domestic life insurance business
Nursing care and healthcare business
Overseas insurance business
Total
Others
                  Amortization
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
154
609
4,807
3,336
8,907
—
—
8,907
        Balance as of March 31, 2017 389 2,436 50,405 226,154 279,386
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Balance as of March 31, 2018
— —
(Millions of yen) Total
279,386
(Millions of yen) Total
         Reportable segments
Unallocated amounts and eliminations
             Domestic P&C insurance business
Domestic life insurance business
Nursing care and healthcare business
Overseas insurance business
Total
Others
                  Amortization
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
147
609
4,807
20,167
25,731
—
—
25,731
         241
1,827
45,598
176,310
223,977
—
—
223,977
          Information related to gains on negative goodwill by reportable segments
None.
  Integrated Annual Report 2018 159
Financial Section

17. Related-Party Transactions
There is no significant related-party transaction to be represented.
 18. Per Share Information
Net assets per share
Net income per share Diluted net income per share
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
4,583.07 yen 419.15 yen 418.71 yen
    Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 4,960.24 yen
 361.39 yen
 361.09 yen
          Notes)
1. Calculation of net income per share and diluted net income per share is based on the following figures.
(Millions of yen)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
  139,817
 —
 139,817
 386,879 thousand shares
  —
 328 thousand shares
 328 thousand shares
 —
    Net income per share
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Amount not attributable to common stockholders
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent to common stocks
Average number of common stocks outstanding Diluted net income per share
Adjustment of net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Increase of common stocks: Stock acquisition rights
Outline of dilutive shares which are not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share because they do not have dilutive effect
2. Calculation of net assets per share is based on the following figures.
Total net assets
Amount to be deducted from total net assets:
Stock acquisition rights
Non-controlling interests
Net assets attributable to common stocks
Number of common stocks used for calculation of net assets per share
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
166,402 —
166,402 396,995 thousand shares
—
419 thousand shares
419 thousand shares
Stock acquisition rights: 2 types
Number of dilutive shares: 37,250 shares
As of March 31, 2017 1,868,940
65,964 926 65,038 1,802,975
393,398 thousand shares
(Millions of yen)
                       As of March 31, 2018
 1,916,210
 28,441
 749
 27,692
 1,887,769
 380,579 thousand shares
                160
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
3. In the calculation of net income per share and diluted net income per share, the Company shares outstanding in “Board Benefit Trust (BBT)” which are recognized as treasury stock in shareholders’ equity are included in treasury stock deducted from the average number of shares outstanding.
In addition, in the calculation of net assets per share, such shares are included in treasury stock deducted from the number of total shares outstanding. The average number of the treasury stock deducted above mentioned is 458 thousand for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 and is 597 thousand for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. The number of the treasury stock deducted above mentioned is 612 thousand as of March 31, 2017 and is 596 thousand as of March 31, 2018.

19. Significant Subsequent Events
Acquisition of treasury stock
The Company passed a resolution setting out details of the Company’s stock buybacks to be conducted in accord with Article 156 of the Companies Act applied pursuant to Article 165, paragraph 3, of that Act at the Company’s Board of Directors meeting on May 18, 2018. The Company has been completed stock buybacks.
1. Details of the Company’s Board of Directors’ resolution
(1) Reason for stock buybacks
While maintaining financial soundness and improving capital efficiency by investing on growing fields, etc., the Company has a shareholder return policy of paying stable dividends, with the option of stock buybacks depending on capital conditions. Regarding medium-term management plan beginning in fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, the Company has set a medium-term target of the shareholder return (dividends and stock buybacks) for the total payout ratio of 50 percent of adjusted consolidated profit. In accordance with this policy, the Company will conduct stock buybacks as a part of the shareholder return for the financial results of fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
 (2) Details of stock buybacks (a) Class of shares
(b) Potential total number (c) Total price
(d) Period
Common stock of the Company 13,000,000 shares (upper limit) 39,100,000,000 yen (upper limit) May 21, 2018–November 16, 2018
2. Details of result of stock buybacks
(1) Class of shares (2) Total number (3) Total price
(4) Period
(5) Method
Common stock of the Company
8,238,100 shares
39,099,812,300 yen
May 21, 2018 — June 8, 2018
Open-market transactions on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 161
Financial Section

Overview of Business Results of Principal Consolidated Subsidiaries
(Unaudited)
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. (Non-consolidated)
Balance Sheet
Assets:
Cash and deposits: Cash
Deposits
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary receivables bought
Money trusts
Securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans Ordinary loans
Tangible fixed assets: Land
Buildings
Leased assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Software
Other intangible fixed assets Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Agency accounts receivable
Foreign agency accounts receivable Coinsurance accounts receivable Reinsurance accounts receivable Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable Proxy service receivable
Accounts receivable
Accrued income
Advance deposits
Earthquake insurance deposits Suspense payments
Deposits paid for future transactions Derivative assets
Other assets
Prepaid pension cost
Allowance for possible credit losses Allowance for possible investment losses
Total assets
As of March 31, 2017
Amount
369,971 6 369,964 54,999 7,624 104,292 5,519,966 913,716 6,868 569,275 1,600,377 2,379,894 49,834 626,474 8,647 617,827 289,844 143,299 116,496 3,106 2,751 24,189 37,608 — 37,608 568,415 2,465 171,724 44,512 10,291 97,410 81,609 688 32,137 10,547 15,700 6,930 70,466 7,415 16,512 1 884
(3,493) (7,808)
7,568,779
As of March 31, 2018
Amount
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
        445,878 75,906
2 (4)
445,875 75,910
74,998 19,999
6,301 (1,323)
98,613 (5,678)
5,491,040 (28,926)
834,110 (79,605)
6,839 (29)
570,034 759
1,661,445 61,067
2,356,282 (23,612)
62,328 12,493
661,399 34,924
7,643 (1,003)
653,756 35,928
244,366 (45,477)
103,348 (39,951)
105,830 (10,665)
2,563 (542)
6,920 4,168
25,703 1,513
79,404 41,795
4,913 4,913
74,490 36,882
596,552 28,137
2,868 403
173,280 1,555
38,056 (6,456)
11,716 1,425
100,220 2,809
65,424 (16,184)
708 19
66,125 33,988
10,201 (345)
19,322 3,621
7,364 434
69,189 (1,277)
7,744 328
24,328 7,816
0 (1)
669 (215)
(3,570) (77)
(7,476) 331
 7,688,176 119,396
    162
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

    As of March 31, 2017
Amount
4,861,584 912,762 3,948,822 333,560 680,506 5,370 93,204 35,631 250,063 444 43,472 3,574 376 144,356 87,742 663 10,790 2,693 2,120 88,172 18,375 135 68,706 68,706 62,461 6,113,502
70,000 70,000 70,000
395,486 395,486 4,178 83,300 308,007 535,486
911,787 8,003 919,790 1,455,276 7,568,779
As of March 31, 2018
Amount
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
     4,766,933 (94,651)
907,429 (5,332)
3,859,504 (89,318)
433,560 100,000
651,635 (28,871)
5,135 (234)
81,782 (11,421)
37,179 1,547
95,718 (154,345)
137,263 136,818
5,685 (37,786)
3,449 (125)
361 (14)
173,446 29,090
84,158 (3,584)
739 75
20,768 9,978
3,968 1,274
1,977 (142)
92,974 4,802
18,435 59
97 (37)
79,193 10,486
79,193 10,486
70,750 8,289
 6,113,580 77
 70,000 —
70,000 —
70,000 —
459,119 63,632
459,119 63,632
4,084 (94)
83,300 —
371,735 63,727
599,119 63,632
968,426 56,638
7,050 (952)
975,477 55,686
 1,574,596 119,319
 7,688,176 119,396
  Liabilities:
Underwriting funds:
Reserve for outstanding losses and claims Underwriting reserves
Corporate bonds Other liabilities:
Coinsurance accounts payable
Reinsurance accounts payable
Foreign reinsurance accounts payable Payables under securities lending transactions Borrowings
Income taxes payable
Deposits received
Unearned income
Accounts payable
Suspense receipts
Derivative liabilities
Cash collateral received for financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Reserve for retirement benefits
Reserve for bonus payments
Reserve for bonus payments to directors Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation Deferred tax liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets:
Shareholders’ equity: Common stock Capital surplus:
Capital reserves Retained earnings:
Other retained earnings:
Reserve for advanced depreciation General reserve
Retained earnings carried forward
Total shareholders’ equity
Valuation and translation adjustments:
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale Deferred gains and losses on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
           Integrated Annual Report 2018 163
Financial Section

Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. (Non-consolidated)
Statement of Income
Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposits of premiums by policyholders
Interest and dividend income on deposits of premiums, etc.
Reversal of reserve for outstanding losses and claims
Reversal of underwriting reserves Foreign exchange gains
Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividend income
Investment gains on money trusts
Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Foreign exchange gains
Other investment income
Transfer of interest and dividend income on deposits of premiums, etc.
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses
Net commissions and brokerage fees Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Investment losses on trading securities Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivatives
Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating, general and administrative expenses
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Amount 2,585,968 2,405,516 2,165,694
131,574 41,780
213
64,905 — 1,348 168,291 114,898 2,516 84,070 45 7,547 993
(41,780)
12,160
2,355,493 1,986,208 1,242,843
125,894 385,963 226,123
87 2,627 2,668 35,917 198 1 12,984 1,607 315 16,218 — 4,590 322,505
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Amount
Increase (Decrease)
(Millions of yen)
Rate of change
        2,590,740 4,771 0.2%
2,424,702 19,186 0.8
2,168,009 2,314 0.1
120,364 (11,210) (8.5)
39,287 (2,493) (6.0)
5,332 5,119 2,400.0
89,318 24,413 37.6
835 835 —
1,556 207 15.4
155,053 (13,237) (7.9)
106,234 (8,664) (7.5)
5,476 2,959 117.6
81,469 (2,601) (3.1)
1,025 979 2,132.5
— (7,547) (100.0)
136 (857) (86.3)
(39,287) 2,493 —
10,983 (1,176) (9.7)
 2,415,519 60,025 2.5
2,021,875 35,666 1.8
1,272,130 29,286 2.4
123,507 (2,387) (1.9)
392,329 6,365 1.6
231,262 5,139 2.3
186 99 113.2
— (2,627) (100.0)
2,458 (210) (7.9)
57,210 21,293 59.3
168 (29) (15.0)
— (1) (100.0)
14,110 1,126 8.7
26,703 25,096 1,560.9
97 (218) (69.2)
11,326 (4,891) (30.2)
1,406 1,406 —
3,396 (1,193) (26.0)
325,104 2,599 0.8
      164
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Amount 10,862
6,496 151
80 4,133
230,474
9,257 9,257 — 17,538 6,803 197 10,536 10,536
222,194 45,842 11,949 57,792
164,401
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Amount
Increase (Decrease)
(Millions of yen)
Rate of change
     11,328 466 4.3%
7,058 562 8.7
171 19 12.9
11 (68) (85.3)
4,087 (46) (1.1)
 175,220 (55,253) (24.0)
 27,690 18,432 199.1
4,619 (4,638) (50.1)
23,071 23,071 —
47,541 30,003 171.1
34,316 27,512 404.4
2,738 2,541 1,285.5
10,486 (50) (0.5)
10,486 (50) (0.5)
 155,369 (66,824) (30.1)
831 (45,011) (98.2)
(15,494) (27,443) (229.7)
(14,663) (72,455) (125.4)
170,032 5,630 3.4
 2,168,009 2,314 0.1
1,272,130 29,286 2.4
123,507 (2,387) (1.9)
700,206 7,518 1.1
392,329 6,365 1.6
307,876 1,152 0.4
72,164 (32,103) (30.8)
 94,815 (17,659) (15.7)
 64.4 1.2
32.3 0.3
96.7 1.5
   Other ordinary expenses:
Interest paid
Provision for allowance for possible credit losses
Losses on bad debt Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary gains:
Gains on disposal of fixed assets
Other extraordinary gains
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on disposal of fixed assets Impairment losses
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Net income before income taxes Income taxes
Deferred income taxes
Total income taxes
Net income
Underwriting result:
Net premiums written
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses (–) Net operating expenses: (–)
    Net commissions and brokerage fees
Operating, general and administrative expenses related to underwriting
Underwriting result
Underwriting profit
Ratios:
Net loss ratio
Net operating expenses ratio Combined ratio
(+) 2,165,694 (–) 1,242,843 125,894 692,688 385,963
306,724 104,267
112,474
(%) 63.2 (%) 32.0 (%) 95.2
    Integrated Annual Report 2018 165
Financial Section

SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Non-consolidated)
Balance Sheet
Assets:
As of March 31, 2017
Amount
As of March 31, 2018
Amount
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
        27,171 324
00
27,170 324
18,462 1,583
6,481 (2,337)
7,541 3,046
1,610 (1,126)
35 4
1 (8)
2,791 2,005
00
00
310 86
87 34
185 22
38 29
2,896 (99)
2,892 (99)
3—
4,998 287
1,752 110
71 (6)
11 (1)
66 (8)
45 (32)
599 (34)
31 (4)
373 11
1,768 208
277 42
(31) (31)
 53,807 2,151
  Cash and deposits: 26,846 Cash 0 Deposits 26,846
Securities: 16,878 Government bonds 8,819 Municipal bonds 4,494 Corporate bonds 2,737 Domestic stocks 31 Foreign securities 10 Other securities 786
Loans: 0 Policy loans 0 Tangible fixed assets: 224 Buildings 52 Leased assets 162 Other tangible fixed assets 8 Intangible fixed assets: 2,995 Software 2,991 Other intangible fixed assets 3 Other assets: 4,710 Premiums receivable 1,641 Agency accounts receivable 77 Coinsurance accounts receivable 12 Reinsurance accounts receivable 74 Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable 77 Accounts receivable 634 Accrued income 35 Advance deposits 361 Suspense payments 1,560 Other assets 234
Allowance for possible credit losses (0)
Total assets 51,655
  166
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

   As of March 31, 2017
Amount
As of March 31, 2018
Amount
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
     41,984 2,985
13,630 1,186
28,353 1,799
3,049 158
36 (3)
190 (43)
133 (19)
130 13
15 12
1,534 65
818 111
188 22
25 4
273 9
22 (5)
44 4
44 4
118 (11)
 45,518 3,144
 31,010 2,250
29,247 2,249
29,247 2,249
0—
(52,364) (5,461)
(52,364) (5,461)
(52,364) (5,461)
7,893 (961)
396 (30)
396 (30)
 8,289 (992)
 53,807 2,151
  Liabilities:
Underwriting funds: 38,998 Reserve for outstanding losses and claims 12,444 Underwriting reserves 26,553
Other liabilities: 2,891 Coinsurance accounts payable 40 Reinsurance accounts payable 234 Foreign reinsurance accounts payable 153 Income taxes payable 116 Deposits received 3 Accounts payable 1,469 Suspense receipts 707 Lease obligations 165
Reserve for retirement benefits to directors 20 Reserve for bonus payments 264 Reserve for bonus payments to directors 27 Reserves under the special laws: 40
Reserve for price fluctuation 40 Deferred tax liabilities 130
Total liabilities 42,373
Net assets:
Shareholders’ equity:
Common stock 28,760 Capital surplus: 26,997
Capital reserves 26,997 Other capital surplus 0
Retained earnings:
Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings carried forward
Total shareholders’ equity 8,854
Valuation and translation adjustments:
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale 427 Total valuation and translation adjustments 427
Total net assets 9,281
Total liabilities and net assets 51,655
  (46,903) (46,903) (46,903)
    Integrated Annual Report 2018 167
Financial Section

SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Non-consolidated)
Statement of Income
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Amount
Increase (Decrease)
(Millions of yen)
Rate of change
 Amount Ordinary income: 33,379 Underwriting income: 33,299 Net premiums written 33,223 Deposits of premiums by policyholders 42
    38,160 4,780 14.3%
38,065 4,765 14.3
38,012 4,788 14.4
16 (26) (60.7)
35 2 8.3
90 18 25.1
83 (10) (11.5)
37 33 874.9
5 (1) (21.5)
(35) (2) —
5 (3) (37.9)
 43,602 4,291 10.9
30,151 2,636 9.6
23,102 3,570 18.3
3,108 376 13.8
841 (15) (1.8)
105 (203) (65.9)
1,186 (1,126) (48.7)
1,799 32 1.8
0 (0) (73.9)
8 2 44.0
3 (0) (7.7)
3 (0) (7.7)
13,375 1,613 13.7
71 41 137.6
4 1 32.5
31 31 —
35 8 33.9
 (5,441) 489 —
   Interest and dividend income on deposits of premiums, etc.
32
Investment income: 72 Interest and dividend income 93 Gains on sales of securities 3 Other investment income 7 Transfer of interest and dividend income
on deposits of premiums, etc.
Other ordinary income 8
Ordinary expenses: 39,311 Underwriting expenses: 27,515 Net claims paid 19,532 Loss adjustment expenses 2,731 Net commissions and brokerage fees 857 Maturity refunds to policyholders 308
Provision for reserve for outstanding losses and claims
2,312
Provision for underwriting reserves 1,767 Foreign exchange losses 0 Other underwriting expenses 6
Investment expenses: 4 Other investment expenses 4 Operating, general and administrative expenses 11,761 Other ordinary expenses: 29 Interest paid 3 Provision for allowance for possible credit losses — Other ordinary expenses 26
(32)
  Ordinary loss
(5,931)
 168
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
   38,012
23,102
3,108
14,198
841
13,356
(2,396)
4
0
—
4
4
486
4,788
3,570
376
1,597
0
0
(0)
0
0
(15)
1,613
(754)
6.1%
78.8
(100.0)
8.2
8.2
   (5,446)
(5,461)
15
15
489
2
2
—
21.4
21.4
—
   14.4
18.3
13.8
12.7
(1.8)
13.7
—
   (5,422)
   69.0
37.4
106.4
516
2.0
(0.5)
1.5
—
     Extraordinary losses:
Losses on disposal of fixed assets Impairment losses
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Net loss before income taxes Income taxes
Total income taxes
Net loss
Underwriting result:
Net premiums written
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Net operating expenses:
Net commissions and brokerage fees
Operating, general and administrative expenses related to underwriting
Underwriting result
Underwriting profit (loss)
Ratios:
Net loss ratio
Net operating expenses ratio Combined ratio
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Amount
4 0 0 3 3
(5,935) 12 12
(5,948)
(+) 33,223 (–) 19,532 (–) 2,731 (–) 12,601
857 11,743 (1,641)
(5,938)
(%) 67.0 (%) 37.9 (%) 104.9
Increase (Decrease)
(Millions of yen)
Rate of change
         Integrated Annual Report 2018 169
Financial Section

Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited (Non-consolidated)
Balance Sheet
Assets:
As of March 31, 2017
Amount
As of March 31, 2018
Amount
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
         20,795 5,598
00
20,795 5,598
2,001 (5,125)
2,001 (5,025)
— (100)
188 (16)
16 (2)
171 (13)
895 (13)
88
658 (8)
1 (0)
171 0
54 (13)
219 (38)
 24,100 403
 11,933 (1,494)
4,458 (924)
7,475 (569)
2,200 (79)
40
198 63
5 (3)
988 (83)
1,003 (55)
280 22
98 0
4 (0)
20 (21)
20 (21)
 14,537 (1,573)
 19,000 —
19,000 —
19,000 —
(28,437) 1,986
(28,437) 1,986
(28,437) 1,986
9,562 1,986
0 (9)
0 (9)
 9,562 1,976
 24,100 403
  Cash and deposits: 15,196 Cash — Deposits 15,196
Securities: 7,127 Government bonds 7,027 Other securities 100
Tangible fixed assets: 204 Buildings 18 Other tangible fixed assets 185
Other assets: 909 Reinsurance accounts receivable — Accounts receivable 667 Accrued income 2 Advance deposits 171 Suspense payments 68
Deferred tax assets 258
Total assets 23,696
Liabilities:
Underwriting funds: 13,427 Reserve for outstanding losses and claims 5,382 Underwriting reserves 8,045
Other liabilities: 2,279 Reinsurance accounts payable 4 Income taxes payable 135 Deposits received 8 Accounts payable 1,072 Suspense receipts 1,059
Reserve for retirement benefits 258 Reserve for bonus payments 97 Reserve for bonus payments to directors 5 Reserves under the special laws: 41
Reserve for price fluctuation 41 Total liabilities 16,110
Net assets:
Shareholders’ equity:
Common stock 19,000 Capital surplus: 19,000
Capital reserves 19,000
Retained earnings:
Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings carried forward
Total shareholders’ equity 7,576
Valuation and translation adjustments:
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale 9 Total valuation and translation adjustments 9
Total net assets 7,586 Total liabilities and net assets 23,696
        (30,423) (30,423) (30,423)
      170
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited (Non-consolidated)
Statement of Income
   Amount Ordinary income: 14,149 Underwriting income: 14,128 Net premiums written 13,312
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Amount
Increase (Decrease)
(Millions of yen)
Rate of change
     13,881 (267) (1.9)%
13,890 (237) (1.7)
12,386 (926) (7.0)
10 0 4.5
924 429 86.8
569 258 83.2
(10) (8) —
0 (8) (94.8)
(10) (0) —
0 (21) (95.6)
 11,595 (945) (7.5)
8,507 (616) (6.8)
6,775 (493) (6.8)
996 (41) (4.0)
735 (81) (10.0)
3,087 (329) (9.6)
0 0 539.7
0 0 539.7
 2,285 677 42.1
 21 21 —
21 21 —
21 21 —
36 34 1,865.6
1 1 233.3
— (1) (100.0)
— (1) (100.0)
35 35 —
 2,271 664 41.3
242 88 58.0
42 304 —
284 393 —
1,986 270 15.8
 12,386 (926) (7.0)
6,775 (493) (6.8)
996 (41) (4.0)
3,820 (409) (9.7)
735 (81) (10.0)
3,084 (328) (9.6)
793 17 2.3
 2,297 706 44.4
 62.8 0.4
30.8 (0.9)
93.6 (0.6)
   Interest and dividend income on deposits of premiums, etc.
10
Reversal of reserve for outstanding losses and claims 494
Reversal of underwriting reserves 310 Investment income: (1) Interest and dividend income 8
Transfer of interest and dividend income on deposits of premiums, etc.
(10)
Other ordinary income 22 Ordinary expenses: 12,540 Underwriting expenses: 9,124 Net claims paid 7,268 Loss adjustment expenses 1,038 Net commissions and brokerage fees 817 Operating, general and administrative expenses 3,416
  Other ordinary expenses: Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary gains:
Reversal of reserves under the special laws: Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on disposal of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation Business structure reform expenses
Net income before income taxes Income taxes
Deferred income taxes
Total income taxes
Net income
Underwriting result:
Net premiums written
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Net operating expenses:
Net commissions and brokerage fees
Operating, general and administrative expenses related to underwriting
Underwriting result
Underwriting profit
Ratios:
Net loss ratio
Net operating expenses ratio Combined ratio
0
0 1,608 — — — 1 0 1 1 —
1,606 153 (262)
(108) 1,715
(+) 13,312 (–) 7,268 (–) 1,038 (–) 4,230
817 3,413
775
1,591
(%) 62.4 (%) 31.8 (%) 94.2
           Integrated Annual Report 2018 171
Financial Section

Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc. (Non-consolidated)
Balance Sheet
Assets:
Cash and deposits: Cash
Deposits Securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities
Loans:
Policy loans
Tangible fixed assets: Buildings
Leased assets
Other tangible fixed assets Agency accounts receivable Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Accrued income Advance deposits Derivative assets Suspense payments Other assets
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for possible credit losses
Total assets
As of March 31, 2017
Amount
58,074 0 58,073 2,434,670 1,699,212 58,608 343,065 7,963 325,819 38,254 38,254 1,515 396 931 187 132 1,756 46,196 32,785 1,809 7,123 2,783 1,266 372 55 8,464
(37)
2,589,026
As of March 31, 2018
Amount
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
        90,465 32,391
0 (0)
90,465 32,391
2,594,537 159,866
1,773,257 74,045
61,410 2,801
354,833 11,767
9,233 1,269
395,802 69,983
39,865 1,610
39,865 1,610
1,455 (59)
433 37
759 (172)
262 75
120 (12)
1,925 169
53,984 7,788
35,828 3,043
1,865 55
7,600 476
2,750 (32)
5,384 4,117
481 109
73 17
13,923 5,459
(48) (10)
 2,796,230 207,203
    172
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

    As of March 31, 2017
Amount
2,417,365 40,870 2,371,198 5,296 6,073 987 17,734 — 2,936 1,026 8,883 593 1,656 — 1,075 1,561 52 3,235 5,412 5,412 2,450,859
17,250 16,300 12,740
3,560 58,506 — 58,506
325
58,181 92,056
46,109
46,109 138,166 2,589,026
As of March 31, 2018
Amount
(Millions of yen)
Increase (Decrease)
     2,604,810 187,444
41,979 1,109
2,557,365 186,166
5,465 168
4,506 (1,566)
963 (24)
41,408 23,673
22,921 22,921
2,544 (391)
5,805 4,778
7,964 (919)
225 (368)
203 (1,453)
100 100
900 (174)
742 (818)
47 (5)
3,698 463
6,838 1,425
6,838 1,425
 2,662,271 211,411
 17,250 —
13,333 (2,966)
13,333 593
— (3,560)
65,624 7,117
200 200
65,424 6,917
325 —
65,099 6,917
96,207 4,151
37,750 (8,359)
37,750 (8,359)
 133,958 (4,208)
 2,796,230 207,203
  Liabilities:
Policy reserves:
Reserve for outstanding claims
Policy reserves
Reserve for dividends to policyholders
Agency accounts payable Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Payables under securities lending transactions Income taxes payable
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses
Deposits received
Derivative liabilities
Cash collateral received for financial instruments Lease obligations
Suspense receipts
Reserve for bonus payments to directors Reserve for retirement benefits
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation Total liabilities
Net assets:
Shareholders’ equity: Common stock Capital surplus:
Capital reserves
Other capital surplus Retained earnings:
Legal reserve
Other retained earnings:
Reserve under Article 10 of the Supplementary Provisions
of Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act
Retained earnings carried forward Total shareholders’ equity
Valuation and translation adjustments:
Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
           Integrated Annual Report 2018 173
Financial Section

Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc. (Non-consolidated)
Statement of Income
Ordinary income:
Insurance premiums and other: Insurance premiums Reinsurance income
Investment income:
Interest and dividend income and other:
Interest and dividends on securities Interest on loans
Other interest and dividends
Gains on sales of securities
Investment gains on special account Other ordinary income:
Fund receipt for annuity rider
Fund receipt for claim deposit payments Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses:
Insurance claims and other: Insurance claims
Annuity payments Insurance benefits Surrender benefits
Other refunds
Reinsurance premiums
Provision for policy reserves and other:
Provision for reserve for outstanding claims
Provision for policy reserves
Provision for interest portion of reserve for dividends to policyholders
Investment expenses:
Interest paid
Losses on sales of securities
Losses on derivatives
Foreign exchange losses
Provision for allowance for possible credit losses Other investment expenses
Operating expenses
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Amount 469,837 419,507 415,721
3,785 48,759 41,676 40,534
1,141 — 5,232 1,851 1,570 110 1,450 8
452,957 181,079 30,695 12,702 39,271 91,883 2,575 3,951 159,942 3,615 156,326
0
3,545 93 2,220 1,125 26 11 67 104,321
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Amount
Increase (Decrease)
(Millions of yen)
Rate of change
        490,791 20,953 4.5%
438,487 18,979 4.5
434,803 19,081 4.6
3,684 (101) (2.7)
49,490 730 1.5
43,880 2,203 5.3
42,659 2,124 5.2
1,181 40 3.5
39 39 —
4,132 (1,100) (21.0)
1,478 (372) (20.1)
2,812 1,242 79.1
1,205 1,094 986.2
1,573 123 8.5
33 24 271.5
 474,069 21,111 4.7
182,504 1,424 0.8
34,636 3,941 12.8
12,362 (339) (2.7)
42,700 3,429 8.7
86,263 (5,620) (6.1)
2,904 328 12.8
3,635 (315) (8.0)
187,276 27,333 17.1
1,109 (2,506) (69.3)
186,166 29,840 19.1
0 (0) (80.8)
4,449 903 25.5
96 2 2.4
2,855 634 28.6
1,384 259 23.1
14 (12) (45.8)
12 0 1.8
87 19 28.3
95,576 (8,745) (8.4)
     174
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Amount
   4,263
1,291
2,056
428
463
23
194
219
(10)
(43)
31
(2)
4.8%
20.5
(0.5)
(9.2)
7.3
(9.9)
   16,721
(158)
(0.9)
   0
0
(0)
(11.5)
 1,425
1,425
12
265
254
254
(0)
11
(11.5)
  1,438
22.6
843.1
21.7
21.7
   3,981
11,301
5,392
(2,208)
3,184
8,117
46
(469)
(293)
25
(268)
(201)
1.2
(4.0)
(5.2)
—
(7.8)
(2.4)
     Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Amount 4,068 1,071 2,067
471 431 25
16,880
0 0
1,172 1 1,171 1,171
3,935 11,771 5,686
(2,233) 3,452 8,319
Increase (Decrease)
(Millions of yen)
Rate of change
    Other ordinary expenses: Claim deposit payments Taxes
Depreciation
Provision for reserve for retirement benefits Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary gains:
Gains on disposal of fixed assets and other
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on disposal of fixed assets and other Provision for reserves under the special laws: Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Net income before income taxes
Income taxes
Deferred income taxes
Total income taxes Net income
      Integrated Annual Report 2018 175
Financial Section

Solvency Margin Ratio of Sompo Holdings, Inc. on a Consolidated Basis (Unaudited)
Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
•The Company calculates the consolidated solvency margin ratio based on the provisions of Articles 210-11-3 and 210-11-4 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Public Notice No. 23 of the Financial Service Agency (2011).
•In addition to reserves to cover payments for claims, benefits and maturity refunds, etc., it is necessary for insurance companies to maintain sufficient solvency in order to cover against risks which exceed their normal estimates, i.e. occurrence of major catastrophes, fluctuation in mortality rate due to significant changes in key environmental factors and big decline in value of assets held by insurance companies.
•(C) Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio, which is calculated in accordance with the Insurance Business Act, etc. is the ratio of “solvency margin of insurance company group by means of its capital, reserves, etc.” ((A) Total Consolidated Solvency Margin) to “risks which will exceed its normal estimates” ((B) Total Consolidated Risks).
•Although treatment regarding scope of calculation of consolidated solvency margin ratio is same as the treatment of consolidated financial statements, subsidiaries under the Insurance Business Law with over 50 percent
of voting right acquired by the Company are generally included in the calculation.
•Solvency margin ratio is one of the indicators for the regulatory authorities to monitor financial soundness
of insurance companies. Solvency margin ratio exceeding 200% would indicate adequate capability to meet payments of possible insurance claims and others.
•The consolidated solvency margin ratio of the Company for the current fiscal year increased 113.6 points from previous fiscal year to 862.5 percent.
 176
Sompo Holdings, Inc.

Sompo Holdings, Inc. (Consolidated) Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total Consolidated Solvency Margin
Capital and funds, etc.
Reserve for price fluctuation
Contingency reserve
Catastrophic loss reserve
General allowance for possible credit losses
Unrealized gains and losses on securities, deferred gains and losses on hedges (before tax effect deductions)
Unrealized gains and losses on land
Total of unrecognized actual difference and unrecognized prior service costs (before tax effect deductions)
Surplus such as premium fund
Subordinated debt, etc.
Excess amount of surplus such as premium fund and subordinated debt, etc. which are excluded from total solvency margin
Total solvency margin related to small amount and short term insurance companies
Deductions
Others
(B) Total Consolidated Risks √(√R12+R22+R3+R4)2+(R5+R6+R7)2+R8+R9
Underwriting risk for property and casualty insurance business (R1)
Underwriting risk for life insurance business (R2)
Underwriting risk for third-sector insurance products including accident, sickness and nursing-care insurance (R3)
Underwriting risk related to small amount and short term insurance companies (R4)
Guaranteed interest rate risk (R5)
Guaranteed minimum benefit risk for life insurance policies (R6)
Investment risk (R7)
Business management risk (R8)
Major catastrophe risk for property and casualty insurance policies (R9)
(C) Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
(Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 3,345,721
 698,113
 86,117
 30,894
 560,136
 2,412
 1,129,750
 69,855
 (4,473)
 164,592
 433,560
 —
 —
 38,553
 213,315
 775,746
 250,523
 14,256
 9,318
 —
 27,801
 379
 515,517
 19,804
 153,168
 862.5%
  As of March 31, 2017 2,929,303
581,789
74,200
30,154
577,363
2,785
1,055,534
29,657
(41,126)
146,556
333,560
—
—
47,666
186,493
782,195 258,253
14,600
8,725
—
29,114
374
512,555
20,006
157,779 748.9%
                                  Note) The above amounts and figures are calculated based on the provisions of Articles 210-11-3 and 210-11-4 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Public Notice No. 23 of the Financial Service Agency (2011).
 Integrated Annual Report 2018 177
Financial Section

Solvency Margin Ratios of Principal Consolidated Subsidiaries (Unaudited) Non-consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
•Domestic insurance companies calculate the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio based on provision of Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Public Notice No. 50 of the Ministry of Finance (1996).
•In addition to reserves to cover payments for claims, benefits and maturity refunds, etc., it is necessary for insurance companies to maintain sufficient solvency in order to cover against risks which exceed their normal estimates, i.e. occurrence of major catastrophes, fluctuation in mortality rate due to significant changes in key environmental factors and big decline in value of assets held by insurance companies.
•(C) Non-consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio, which is calculated in accordance with the Insurance Business Act, etc. is the ratio of “solvency margin of insurance companies by means of their capital, reserves, etc.” ((A) Total Non-consolidated Solvency Margin) to “risks which will exceed their normal estimates”
((B) Total Non-consolidated Risks).
•Solvency margin ratio is one of the indicators for the regulatory authorities to monitor financial soundness of insurance companies. Solvency margin ratio exceeding 200% would indicate adequate capability to meet payments of possible insurance claims and others.
•Non-consolidated solvency margin ratios of the domestic insurance subsidiaries at the end of the current fiscal year are as follows.
 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. (Non-consolidated)
(Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 3,078,246
 598,902
 79,193
 611
 555,293
 229
 1,184,429
 93,030
 —
 433,560
 —
 54,455
 187,451
 837,472
 187,079
 —
 19,350
 646,159
 19,583
 126,585
 735.1%
    (A) Total Non-consolidated Solvency Margin Capital and funds, etc.
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
Catastrophic loss reserve
General allowance for possible credit losses
Unrealized gains and losses on securities, deferred gains and losses on hedges (before tax effect deductions)
Unrealized gains and losses on land
Excess amount of reserve for maturity refunds
Subordinated debt, etc.
Excess amount of reserve for maturity refunds and subordinated debt, etc. which are excluded from total solvency margin
Deductions
Others
(B) Total Non-consolidated Risks √(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6
Underwriting risk (R1)
Underwriting risk for third-sector insurance products including accident, sickness and nursing-care insurance (R2)
Guaranteed interest rate risk (R3) Investment risk (R4)
Business management risk (R5) Major catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Non-consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
As of March 31, 2017
2,766,796
535,486
68,706
611
572,867
226
1,110,731
52,912
—
333,560
—
71,649
163,342
817,299 185,764
—
20,722
633,600
19,160
117,957 677.0%
                          178
Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Note) The above amounts and figures are calculated based on provisions of Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Public Notice No. 50 of the Ministry of Finance (1996).

SAISON AUTOMOBILE AND FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Non-consolidated)
(Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 12,720
 7,893
 44
 11
 4,306
 —
 463
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 1
 5,482
 4,233
 —
 21
 702
 178
 1,008
 463.9%
 As of March 31, 2017 (A) Total Non-consolidated Solvency Margin 13,370 Capital and funds, etc. 8,854 Reserve for price fluctuation 40 Contingency reserve 11 Catastrophic loss reserve 3,960 General allowance for possible credit losses —
Unrealized gains and losses on securities, deferred gains and
losses on hedges (before tax effect deductions)
Unrealized gains and losses on land — Excess amount of reserve for maturity refunds — Subordinated debt, etc. — Excess amount of reserve for maturity refunds and subordinated debt, etc.
which are excluded from total solvency margin
Deductions — Others 2
             (B) Total Non-consolidated Risks √(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6
501
—
4,758
   Underwriting risk (R1) 3,525
Underwriting risk for third-sector insurance products including accident,
sickness and nursing-care insurance (R2)
Guaranteed interest rate risk (R3) 23 Investment risk (R4) 664 Business management risk (R5) 156 Major catastrophe risk (R6) 1,009
       (C) Non-consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
—
562.0%
    Note) The above amounts and figures are calculated based on provisions of Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Public Notice No. 50 of the Ministry of Finance (1996).
Sonpo 24 Insurance Company Limited (Non-consolidated)
As of March 31, 2017 (A) Total Non-consolidated Solvency Margin 8,166 Capital and funds, etc. 7,576 Reserve for price fluctuation 41 Contingency reserve — Catastrophic loss reserve 535 General allowance for possible credit losses —
Unrealized gains and losses on securities, deferred gains and
losses on hedges (before tax effect deductions)
Unrealized gains and losses on land — Excess amount of reserve for maturity refunds — Subordinated debt, etc. — Excess amount of reserve for maturity refunds and subordinated debt, etc.
which are excluded from total solvency margin
Deductions — Others —
(Millions of yen)
   As of March 31, 2018
 10,063
 9,562
 20
 —
 480
 —
 0
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 1,860
 1,649
 —
 —
 248
 60
 132
 1,081.6%
              (B) Total Non-consolidated Risks √(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6
11
—
1,960
   Underwriting risk (R1) 1,735
Underwriting risk for third-sector insurance products including accident,
sickness and nursing-care insurance (R2)
Guaranteed interest rate risk (R3) — Investment risk (R4) 296 Business management risk (R5) 65 Major catastrophe risk (R6) 134
        (C) Non-consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
—
833.0%
    Note) The above amounts and figures are calculated based on provisions of Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Public Notice No. 50 of the Ministry of Finance (1996).
Integrated Annual Report 2018 179
Financial Section

Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Himawari Life Insurance, Inc. (Non-consolidated)
(Millions of yen)
     (A) Total Non-consolidated Solvency Margin
Capital, etc.
Reserve for price fluctuation
Contingency reserve
General allowance for possible credit losses
Unrealized gains and losses on land (85% of gain or 100% of loss)
Excess amount of continued Zillmerized reserve
Subordinated debt, etc.
Excess amount of continued Zillmerized reserve and subordinated debt, etc. which are excluded from total solvency margin
Brought in capital, etc.
Deductions
Others
(B) Total Non-consolidated Risks √(R1+R8)2+(R2+R3+R7)2+R4
Underwriting risk (R1)
Underwriting risk for third-sector insurance products including accident, sickness and nursing-care insurance (R8)
Guaranteed interest rate risk (R2)
Guaranteed minimum benefit risk (R7)
Investment risk (R3)
Business management risk (R4)
(C) Non-consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
As of March 31, 2017 335,187
92,056
5,412
29,531
3
—
146,556
—
(19,159)
—
—
23,148
42,616 13,620
8,725
8,369
374
26,191
1,145 1,573.0%
     As of March 31, 2018
 340,108
 96,207
 6,838
 30,270
 3
       Unrealized gains and losses on securities (before tax effect deductions) (90% of gain or 100% of loss), deferred gains and losses on hedges (before tax effect deductions) (90% of gain or 100% of loss)
57,637
47,188
   —
 164,592
 —
 (30,855)
 —
 25,862
—
  44,952
 13,508
 9,318
 8,430
 379
 28,512
 1,202
 1,513.1%
                      180 Sompo Holdings, Inc.
Notes) 1. The above amounts and figures are calculated based on provisions of Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Public Notice No. 50 of the Ministry of Finance (1996).
2. Guaranteed minimum benefit risk is calculated by using the standard method.

 For further information, please contact us at the address below:
E-mail: ir@sompo-hd.com

  26-1,, Niishii-Shiinjjuku 1-chome,, Shiinjjuku-ku,, Tokyo 160-8338,, Japan URL::htttps::///www..sompo-hd..com//en//
   ((18060543)) 18..09 501494 --0500
