 ENEOS REPORT
April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020
Integrated Report
2020
                   EV H2
    ENEOS REPORT

               EV H2
 Aiming to Become One of the Most Prominent and Internationally Competitive Energy and Materials Company Groups in Asia
New Trade Names and Group Management Structure in June 2020
In order to achieve sustainable growth under our Long-Term Vision to 2040, announced in 2019, we must speed up the transformation of our management structure. To this end, to enable us to accelerate our decision-making and the execution of duties, we changed our structure from that of a holding company with three principal operating companies to a structure that integrates our management with the management of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy (currently ENEOS), the largest operating company in the Group, and changed the Group name to the ENEOS Group.
We will use the strong recognition of the ENEOS brand to promote the nurtur- ing and creation of growth businesses and aim to develop ENEOS into a global brand in order to achieve our goal of becoming one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia.
                                       1 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
 
   ENEOS Group Management Structure
 Management integration and change of trade names :
June 2020 (on day of General Meeting of Shareholders)
Holdings
  Energy
    Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production (E&P)
    Metals
  Change of Trade Names
Along with changes in the Group’s management structure, the trade names of the Company and JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation were changed to ENEOS, the brand name used by the Group’s energy business, as indicated below.
Publicly traded affiliates
NIPPO, etc.
  Before
JXTG Holdings, Inc.
JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
After
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. ENEOS Corporation
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 2

 Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President
3 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Sugimori Tsutomu
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board, Group CEO

 To Our Stakeholders
We would like to express our appreciation to our stakeholders for your ongoing support. Three years have passed since the integration of JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Sekiyu. Under our first Medium-Term Management Plan, the Group worked on enhancing the profitability of our core businesses, focusing on cash flows and capital efficiency, and strengthening the business foundation. As a result, although we fell short of our targets due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business performance in fiscal 2019, the final year of the Plan, we made steady progress with structural reforms and established a
solid financial base.
The business environment is undergoing unprecedented changes, including the accel-
eration of the global trend toward the development of a low-carbon and recycling-oriented society, fluctuating commodities prices, a “new normal” way of life with COVID-19, and a rapid decline in domestic demand for fuel oil.
We changed our name to ENEOS Holdings, Inc. from JXTG Holdings, Inc. following passage of a resolution at the General Meeting of Shareholders in June 2020. The purpose of the name change in response to the fiercely changing business environment was to alter the Group’s operating framework and speed up decision-making and the execution of duties.
Under the second Medium-Term Management Plan, which began in fiscal 2020, we will work toward the achievement of our Long-Term Vision to 2040 by developing and strength- ening our growth businesses, including next-generation energy supply and community services, through the introduction of digital technologies and expertise from other industries and areas to go along with our strengths of strong ENEOS brand recognition and our service station (SS) network.
Furthermore, in conjunction with the start of the second Medium-Term Management Plan, we have added the pursuit of carbon neutral status as a new target in our Long-Term Vision. We will now carry out corporate management with a greater focus on the Sustain- able Development Goals (SDGs) as well as ESG.
As we work to become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia, we will continue to contribute to the development of a sustainable society—the goal of the SDGs—and the creation of a vibrant future through active dialogue with our stakeholders and the continued fulfillment of our social responsibilities.
We ask for your continued support as we move forward. October 2020
Sugimori Tsutomu
Representative Director,
Chairman of the Board, Group CEO ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 404

 ENEOS Group Philosophy
Mission
Harnessing the Earth’s power for the common good and for the day-to-day life of each individual, we will contribute to the development of our communities and help to ensure a vibrant future through creation and innovation in energy, resources, and materials.
Our Five Core Values
As a member of the community Supporting day-to-day life For a vibrant future
   High ethical standards
Based on our core principles of integrity and fairness, we conduct all of our business activities in accordance with our
high ethical standards.
Health, safety and environment
We give the highest priority to health, safety and environmental initiatives, which are vital to the well-being of all living things.
 Focus on customers
We strive to meet the expectations and evolving needs of our valued customers and of society as a whole through the stable provision of products and services while creating new value as only we can.
 Taking on challenges
Taking changes in stride, we rise to the challenge of creating new value while seeking innovative solutions for today and tomorrow.
Moving forward
Looking to the future, we continue to grow, both as individuals and as a company, through the personal and professional development of each and every employee.
 Positioning of the ENEOS Group Philosophy, Code of Conduct and Company Rules
The ENEOS Group Philosophy reflects a commitment that must be realized by everyone working at the ENEOS Group through our business activities. The Group Code of Conduct is a set of standards to be practiced in order to realize our Group Philosophy and fulfill our responsibilities to society. Various policies complement the Code of Conduct. We have also established corporate regulations that underpin our Group Philosophy, Code of Conduct and policies.
ENEOS Group Philosophy
Mission
Our Five Core Values
ENEOS Group Code of Conduct
Various policies
Corporate regulations and policies
      5 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

Contents
Introduction 1 To Our Stakeholders 3 ENEOS Group Philosophy 5 Contents / Editorial Policy 6
Part I
ENEOS Group Vision and
Management Strategy 7
Value Creation Story 9 A Look Back on the ENEOS Group’s History /
Our Businesses and Strengths / Strategy and Value
Created / Long-Term Vision to 2040 / Second Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020–FY2022)
Special Feature: Open Innovation 21 Interview with the President 25
Message from the Managing Executive Officer Responsible
for the Finance & Investor Relations Department 31
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 35
Part II
ENEOS Group ESG Management Initiatives 39
ESG Management 41 ESG Management Structure / Initiatives for the Group’s
Top Priorities (Material Issues) / Stakeholder Engagement / Principal Declarations and Initiatives We Participate In
and Support
Environmental Initiatives 45 Special Feature: Contributing to a Low-Carbon Society / Development of a Recycling-Oriented Society
Social Initiatives 51 Ensuring Safety / Respect for Human Rights / Human
Resource Development / Healthy Work Environment
Corporate Governance 55 Message from an Outside Director 64 Executives 65
Part III
ENEOS Group Business Strategy 69
At a Glance 71 Energy Business 73
Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and
Production Business (Oil and Gas E&P Business) 77
Metals Business 81
Performance Summary 85 Investor Information 87 Investor Relations (IR) Activities 88 Company Overview 89
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Editorial Policy
During the editorial process for this integrated report, we referenced the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation published by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry as a set of guidelines on common language connecting companies and investors.
Fiscal 2020 marks a critical juncture for the company, marked by our name change and the start of the second Medium-Term Management Plan. This report details our strategies for maximizing corporate value and our initiatives for the development of new growth pillars for the future, with a focus on the second Medium-Term Management Plan, a milestone of our Long-Term Vision to 2040.
In fiscal 2020, we transitioned to a new ESG management structure in order to ensure the reflection of important management challenges into manage- ment and business strategies from an ESG standpoint, while also strengthening our business foundation. Details regarding this transition are included in this report. Additionally, we expanded our disclosure of measures concerning our response to climate change, an important management issue of the Group.
Our website features comprehensive and detailed information about the Group’s business activities, financial information and ESG initiatives. We encourage readers to use our website in conjunction with this report. Going forward, we will continue to disclose clear and concise information as well as
engage in active dialogue with all of our stakeholders, including investors. This report covers the period from
April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020.
Disclosure Media Framework
Shareholders, investors, analysts
                   Concise explanation of medium- to long-term growth strategy (value creation story)
Disclosure of information about financial/business performance, governance, etc.
Excerpts of material financial and governance information
Link to more detailed information
Disclosure of comprehensive ESG information
Excerpts of useful ESG information for investors
Disclosure of more detailed information on each company
        ENEOS Holdings
Integrated Report
      ENEOS Holdings
IR website (financial data, etc.)
ENEOS Holdings
ESG Data Book, website
    Excerpts of useful ESG information for stakeholders
   ENEOS website
 JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration website
 JX Nippon Mining & Metals Sustainability Report, website
 This integrated report contains certain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those reflected in any forward-looking statement due to various factors, which include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) macroeconomic conditions and changes in the competitive environment in the energy, resources, and materials industries; (2) changes in laws and regulations; and (3) risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 6

   Part I
ENEOS Group Vision and Management Strategy
We will realize the ENEOS Group Philosophy by establishing management and business strategies, based on risks and business opportunities, and creating economic value and social value through our businesses.
Value Creation Story
A Look Back on the ENEOS Group’s History 9
Our Businesses and Strengths 11 Strategy and Value Created 13 • Long-Term Vision to 2040 15
     • Second Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020–FY2022)
• Special Feature: Open Innovation
Interview with the President
Message from the Managing Executive Officer Responsible for the Finance & Investor Relations Department
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
17 21 25
31 35
       7 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

       ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 8

Value Creation Story A Look Back on the ENEOS Group’s History
Throughout the 130 years of our history, we have delivered stable supplies of the energy and materials essential for everyday life, while addressing the social issues of each era.
 1880s
Meiji era: Dawn of Japan’s industrial development
1940s
World War II, post-war reconstruction and period of rapid economic growth
1970s
Oil crises and globalization
Energy Business Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production (E&P) Business Metals Business Entire Group
Start of crude oil production, oil refining and sales, and copper mining and smelting operations in Japan
1888 •Nippon Oil established; begins crude oil production in Niigata Prefecture
1893 •Standard Oil Co. of New York and Standard Vacuum Oil Company
commence sales of heating oil and lubricants in Yokohama
1905 •Hitachi Mine established
1916 •Saganoseki Smelter and Refinery
opens
1919 •First service station (SS) in Japan opens
1933 •Crude oil successfully extracted in Akita Prefecture
Saganoseki Smelter and Refinery
Strengthening supply capability to respond to rapidly growing demand for resources and energy
  1939
1964 1970
•Toa Nenryo Kogyo established and aviation fuel production begins
•Kurami Works opens (functional materials) •Saganoseki No. 1 Flash Furnace (copper smelting)
completed
•Domestic SS network expanded •Refineries opened nationwide in Japan
1941 Wakayama Refinery 1945 Marifu Refinery 2 1961 Mizushima Refinery 1962 Kawasaki Refinery 4
1 3
10
8
1964 Oita Refinery 5 Negishi Refinery 1965 Sakai Refinery 7
and
6
2
64 9 3
1 7
 1967 Kashima Refinery 8 1968 Chiba Refinery 9 1971 Sendai Refinery 10
5
  Naoetsu Refinery (1900 to 1922)
Growth of E&P, participation in overseas mining projects, growth of the electronic materials business, and response to deregulation of domestic oil business
1973 •Production begins at Mubarraz Oil Field in the UAE
1985 •Isohara Works opens (thin film materials)
1990 •Gas field interests acquired in Papua New Guinea and Helang Gas Field discovered in Malaysia
1990 •Production begins at Escondida Copper Mine in Chile
1994 •Development and exploration interests acquired in the UK and Rang
Dong Oil Field discovered off the coast of Vietnam
1997 •Natural gas discovered in Berau Block in Indonesia
1998 •Removal of restrictions on and introduction of self-serve SS 1999 •Investment in LS-Nikko Copper of South Korea (copper smelting) 2000 •Production begins at Los Pelambres Copper Mine in Chile
9 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

On the way to
 2000s
Maturation of domestic market and new challenges
2020
New management structure Change of trade name from JXTG to ENEOS
becoming one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia
Consolidation of Japan’s oil industry and movement toward new business domains due to decline in domestic oil demand
2001 •ENEOS brand established
2003 •Production begins at SK10 (Helang Gas Field) in
Malaysia
2008 •Power generation begins at Kawasaki Natural Gas Power Generation Plant
2008-2012 •Gradual expansion of Hitachi Metal Recycling Complex (HMC)
2009 •Production begins at Tangguh LNG in Indonesia
2010 JX Group established
2011 •JX Metals Precision Technology Kakegawa Works opens (functional materials)
2012 •TonenGeneral Group established
2013 •Production begins at Caserones Copper Mine in Chile
2013 •Installation of mega solar facilities (currently 18 locations, 46,000 kW)
2014 •Production begins at PNG LNG in Papua New Guinea 2014 •Production begins at Ulsan Aromatics in South Korea
(overseas petrochemical business)
2014 •Sequential opening of hydrogen stations (43 locations as of September 2020)
Dr. Drive Self-Serve Ebina Chuo (includes hydrogen station)
2016 •Start of ENEOS Denki electricity retail business for homes
 2017 Establishment of JXTG Holdings Strengthening the business foundation by pursuing
Further development of growth businesses
2020
•Change in smelter business structure (Saganoseki Smelter and Refinery: made into wholly owned subsidiary of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Co., Ltd.)
•Commercial operation begins at Muroran Biomass Power Plant
CDO Office established
Change in Group management structure and trade name changed from JXTG to ENEOS
ENEOS Denki / ENEOS Toshi Gas sales website (Available in Japanese only)
  structural reforms through business integration
2017
•CO2-EOR (enhanced oil recovery) project in the United States begins operations
•Commercial production begins at Layang oil and gas field off the coast of Sarawak, Malaysia
2018
•Tantalum and niobium business acquired
High-purity tantalum powder
Accelerator program for new business creation launched
•Commercial production begins at
Beryl gas field off the coast of Sarawak, Malaysia
Note: For more information about our history up to the establishment of ENEOS Holdings,
see pages 89 to 90.
CO2 recovery plant in the United States
 2019
Long-Term Vision to 2040 announced
Emerging Business Development Department and ESG Strategy Development Department established
Signing of statement of support for the
TCFD recommendations
•Successful verification of the world’s first technology for CO2-free hydrogen
•Integration of SS brands into the ENEOS brand •Start of ENEOS Toshi Gas (city gas) retail
business for homes
•Participation in an offshore wind power project in Taiwan
•Participation in a natural gas fired thermal power plant project in the state of Ohio
•Production begins at Mariner oil field and Culzean gas field in the UK North Sea
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 10

  Value Creation Story Our Businesses and Strengths
Based on the ENEOS Group’s shared mission and values, we carry out our business of transforming resources into energy and materials and supplying them to customers.
We are utilizing the facilities and assets, customer base and brand power we have developed in our petroleum business for the supply of next-generation energy and the enhancement of community services. Meanwhile, in addition to providing advanced metal materials to businesses and industry, we are expanding our recycling business, contributing to the forma- tion of a recycling-oriented society.
These are our strengths: a diverse, global supply chain that spans our entire range of operations from resources develop- ment to manufacturing, sales and recycling; Japan’s largest refining, production and supply network; and innovative technologies represented by our lineup of advanced materials.
Our Businesses and Strengths
Our Mission
Harnessing the
Earth’s power for the common good and for the day-to-day life of each individual, we will contribute to the development of our communities and help to ensure a vibrant future through creation and innovation in energy, resources, and materials.
Our
Core Values
As a member of
the community
High ethical standards/Health, safety and environment
Supporting day-to-day life
Focus on customers
For a vibrant future
Taking on challenges/Moving forward
Oil exploration
Exploration, development and production in
10 countries around the world
Equity-entitled crude oil and natural gas production volume
110,000
Oil transport
Stable and efficient oil transport
  bbl/day
%)
( Natural gas sales ratio:
63
  Copper mine development
Efficient mining operations for stable extraction of natural resources
Equity-entitled copper mine production volume
210,000
tons/year
Copper transport
Using copper concentrate and sulfuric acid carriers that reduce environmental impacts
Exhaust gas
(compared to bulk carriers)
40% reduction
  11 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Resources development Transport
 
   Service station (SS) operations
Market share of SS in Japan
Approx. 44%(No.1 in Japan)
Electricity retailing
690,000
contracts
Hydrogen stations
Responding to demand for new energy
Fuel oil sales
Market share of fuel oil sales in Japan
Approx.
Community services
Laundromats / Car sharing services
    Market share in Japan
Approx.
()
32% 43 locations
Approx.
47%
(No.1) in Japan
 Power generation
Responding to society’s energy needs
Power generation capacity
1.62
million kW
(Renewable energy: )
0.12million kW Oil refining
Approx.
 Largest oil refining capacity in Japan
Crude oil processing capacity
1.87
million bbl/day
Petrochemical manufacturing and sales
  Paraxylene supply capacity
Propylene supply capacity
3.62million tons/year [direct sales basis]
(No.1in Asia) 1.7million tons/year
[direct sales basis] (No.1in Asia)
  Refining and smelting
Refined copper production
Refined copper
production capacity in Japan
450,000
tons/year
Manufacturing and sales
Electronic materials manufacturing and sales
Advanced materials underpinning information society
Recycling
Recycling
Number of recycling collection sites
9 in Japan
and overseas
Approx.
Lubricant manufacturing and sales
38
Functional materials manufacturing and sales
Supply to Japan
and overseas markets
overseas locations
 Delivering solutions with high-performance materials
 Product lineup with market share worldwide
No.1
     ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 12

 Value Creation Story Strategy and Value Created
Through the formulation and execution of the Medium-Term Management Plan, a milestone for attaining our envisioned goals for 2040, we are working toward the realization of our Long-Term Vision.
We draw up a Medium-Term Management Plan every three years as a milestone toward attaining the envisioned goals for 2040 set out in our Long-Term Vision.
In the second Medium-Term Management Plan, we aim to maximize cash flows by strengthening the business foundation and accelerate our transformation by developing and strengthening
our growth businesses through the use of digital technology and collaboration with different industries and areas, while capitalizing on our strengths.
In fiscal 2020, we reviewed the Long-Term Vision, estab- lished in 2019, and added the achievement of carbon neutrali- ty as a new target.
   FY2017–FY2019 First Medium-Term Management Plan
Carry out structural reforms
Maximize synergies of business integration, etc.
FY2020–2022
Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Pursuing transformation aimed at achieving the Long-Term Vision
Continue and accelerate structural reforms
Group strengths
Development of efficient supply chain, SS network, advanced materials, etc.
• Utilize digital technology
(pursue digital transformation)
See page 20 for details.
• Alliances with different industries and areas
(open innovation, etc.)
See pages 21 to 24 “Special Feature: Open Innovation” for details.
      Stable financial base
      13 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Develop & strengthen growth businesses
  
                                 • Progressive optimization of the supply chain
• Utilization of our relationships with customers to roll out new services
• Continuous creation of new materials
EVLoH2 ng-Term Vision to 2040
Envisioned goals
Become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia
Create value by transforming our current business structure
Contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
See pages 15 to 16 for details.
Social value created
Pursuit of carbon neutrality
(in our own CO2 emissions)
  Through our business activities (Five key items)
Through corporate activities (Five key items)
           ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 14

 Value Creation Story Strategy and Value Created
Long-Term Vision to 2040
ESG Management for Sustainable Growth
The Group’s Long-Term Vision to 2040, announced in May 2019, contains the Group’s envisioned goals and an overview of future businesses for achieving these goals, based on social scenarios for 2040. These scenarios include acceleration toward a low-carbon society worldwide, rapid evolution of innovation such as IoT and AI and lifestyle changes along with this innova-
tion, and growing momentum for corporate social responsibility represented by the SDGs.
We will further advance ESG management through the achievement of our envisioned goals and the creation of social and economic value (See Part II on pages 39 to 68).
 Our Envisioned Goals
Become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia
The ENEOS Group, as one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia, will contribute to the development of our communities and help to ensure a vibrant future by optimizing our value chain and efficiently providing a stable supply of products and services.
Create value by transforming our current business structure
The ENEOS Group will create new value by expanding our growing businesses globally, enhancing our technology-based business, and establishing innovative businesses, taking opportunities arising from digital transformation and changes in social needs.
Contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
The ENEOS Group will contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-ori- ented society through the enhancement of environmentally conscious businesses and the pursuit of carbon neutral status in its own CO2 emissions. (See figure at right)
        Overview of Our Future Businesses
The Group’s businesses were categorized into growth businesses, which we will develop to 2040 through strategic investment, and base businesses, through which we will maximize cash flows. The sizes of the bubbles in the figure indicate the expectations of management and the commitment to invest management resources.
 Pursue both strategic growth and cash flow maximization
Note: Bubbles show 2040 business portfolio image. Partially revised in May 2020
Act as a platform provider
Community Services
       Growth businesses Strategic investment
Base businesses Maximize cash flows
2019
Add high value to petroleum
Petrochemicals
Enhance our technological capabilities
Materials
Electronic materials, etc.
Petroleum Refining & Marketing
Next-Generation Energy Supply
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
Contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
  Oil and Natural Gas E&P
Metal Resources Development, Copper Smelting and Refining
 Stable supply of energy and optimization of value chain
Create value by transforming our current business structure 2040
  15 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Expectation

 Achievement of carbon neutrality in 2040 added as a new policy
We aim for carbon neutrality in our own CO2 emissions in 2040 by strengthening and expanding businesses with a low environmental impact and strengthening environmentally conscious businesses.
  Emissions (Thousand tons)
28,890
Reduction
2,950
Strengthen and expand businesses with a low environmental impact
• Reduction in Group CO2 emissions in accordance with the decline in domestic demand
Strengthen environmentally conscious businesses
• Pursue cheaper renewable energy, CO2-free hydrogen,
CCS and CCUS* through technological innovation
• Pursue EV and other aspects of mobility business
• Promote energy conservation through the introduction of
Carbon neutral
Emissions 17,000 Reduction 17,000
2040 (Year)
   Renewable energy:
Eco-friendly products: 1,000 1,200
Energy conservation & 1,800 2,200
 CO2-EOR:
Now (2020)
2022 2030
150 900
automated operation of refineries and smelters
* CCS: Carbon capture and storage
CCUS: Carbon capture, utilization and storage
4,300
10,000
   Petrochemicals
• Refinery transformation to produce more chemical products (introduce more advanced processing, strengthen industrial complex, etc.) • Advance into high-value-added derivatives business and expand globally
Materials (Electronic Materials, etc.)
• [Electronic materials] Innovate and commercialize world-class, technology-based products • [Electronic materials] Expand lineup of new electronic materials to contribute to IoT society
(high-function materials and advanced materials)
• [Lubricants] Develop products and marketing network in line with global trends
• [High-performance materials] Strengthen competitiveness of products that enable sustainable growth (focus areas: next-generation vehicles,
next-generation housing and the nutrition sector)
Next-Generation Energy Supply / Community Services
• Develop optimal portfolio of power generation in line with growth of electricity businesses in Japan and overseas
• Implement large-scale renewable energy projects such as offshore wind power, geothermal power, etc.
• Create CO2-free hydrogen business, e.g. overseas hydrogen manufacturing/shipment project and hydrogen power plants
• Create community development businesses in collaboration with local partners
• Develop energy service platform businesses and expand overseas
• Transform our service station network into a platform for providing various services (strengthen our relationship with customers through
digital technology and produce new services)
• Create mobility services business for car sharing, ride sharing, self-driving vehicle dispatch, etc.
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
• Recycle minor metals including LIB for vehicles
• Make efforts to achieve carbon recycling
• Enhance plastic recycling in collaboration with local and national governments
Petroleum Refining & Marketing
• Maintain profitability through drastic transformation and continue stable supply of petroleum products to customers
• Establish stable and efficient refinery operations with digital technology and energy-saving technology
• Pursue greater efficiency in our value chain by utilizing digital technology and provide this expertise in the form of services to
overseas downstream businesses
Oil and Natural Gas E&P
• Maximize cash flows through stable and efficient operation
• Seek gas business opportunities arising from increasing demand in Asia
Metal Resources Development, Copper Smelting and Refining
• Maximize cash flows through stable and efficient operation
• Acquire core technology for more innovative technology
• Become the most competitive smelter and refinery in Asia in terms of quality, cost effectiveness, and environmentally friendly operation
    ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 16
 Growth Businesses Base Businesses

 Value Creation Story Strategy and Value Created
Second Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020–FY2022)
Pursuing Both Implementation of Business Strategy to Achieve the Long-Term Vision and Management Focusing on Cash Flow
We formulated our second Medium-Term Management Plan and stable financial base established by the first Medium-Term announced it in May 2020. We will now work to accelerate Management Plan.
reforms to achieve our Long-Term Vision while maintaining the
First Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2017–FY2019) Results
 We positioned the first Medium-Term Management Plan as an execution plan for drastic transformation. The basic policy of the plan comprised three components: enhancing the profitability of core businesses, focusing on cash flows and capital efficiency,
and strengthening the business foundation. Through initiatives carried out under this basic policy, we maintained a stable financial base and achieved the following results.
  Basic Policy
First Medium-Term Management Plan Results
Oil & Natural Gas E&P
• Started production at projects in Malaysia, Abu Dhabi, and the North Sea
       Energy
• Maximized integrated synergies • Integrated under the ENEOS
brand
• Made Muroran a business
location, decided to halt the refining function in Osaka, etc.
• Strengthened the electric power and gas businesses, including renewable energy
• Divested the cell culture material business
Metals
• Strengthened profitability of Caserones
• Increased production capacity of treated rolled copper foil and other electronic materials
• Acquired tantalum and niobium business
• Optimized copper mine equity interest
 Enhancing profitability of core businesses
  Focusing on cash flows and capital efficiency
 • Worked on project to introduce ERP, internal controls based on global standards, and ESG management
• Transitioned to a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee
• Formulated the JXTG Group Long-Term Vision to 2040
• Announced reorganization of Group management structure and trade name change to ENEOS Group in June 2020
 Strengthening the business foundation
  Generated three-year cumulative free cash flow of 828.7 billion yen (Initial plan: 500 billion yen)
• Divested interest in Syncrude oil sands project in Canada
 Basic Policy of Second Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020–FY2022)
The basic policy of the second Medium-Term Management Plan is to pursue both implementation of business strategy to achieve the Long-Term Vision and management focusing on cash flow, as well as strengthen the business foundation. While pursuing further structural reforms, we will also develop and strengthen our growth businesses. In addition, we will utilize digital technology along with knowledge from different industries and areas to further increase the competitiveness of our supply chain and SS network.
We plan to allocate 830 billion yen for strategic investment. Half
of this will be spent on next-generation energy supply and commu- nity services as well as environmentally conscious businesses, in accordance with the growth strategy of our Long-Term Vision. We will continue to carry out rigorous management of investments, taking into account risks and opportunities.
As for shareholder returns, we will reflect consolidated business results and prospects as a basic policy, while striving to maintain stable dividends.
17 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

 Framework of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Basic Policy
Pursue both implementation of business strategy to achieve the Long-Term Vision and management focusing on cash flow
(1) Generate ongoing cash flow by strengthening (2) Pursue selective investment to develop and strengthen the competitiveness of base businesses growth businesses and optimize the business portfolio
(3) Maintain the soundness of the financial base and allocate cash flow appropriately
Strengthening the business foundation
• Strengthen the effectiveness of governance (Develop the management system to enable speedier decision-making and strengthen monitoring by the Board of Directors, etc.)
• Strengthen system platforms (Realize the benefits of newly introduced ERP, strengthen security, and support diverse workstyles through the use of IT tools)
• Implement measures to develop and secure human resources • Pursue constructive dialogue with stakeholders
Financial Plan (Three-Year Cumulative)
Operating income excluding inventory valuation
970 billion yen
Capital investment & financing / Sale of property
1,500 billion yen / 150 billion yen
 Free cash flow
150 billion yen (excluding the impact of
lease accounting)
Net D/E ratio
0.8 times or lower (on a total asset basis)
ROE
10% or higher
Total return ratio
50% or more (excluding inventory valuation)
 Business Strategy
Base businesses
We will strengthen international competitiveness by introducing new technologies and optimizing production structures while ensuring a safe and stable supply. In particular, we will focus on automated operation and remote operation, which are directly tied to the strengthening of competitiveness.
Active introduction of digital technology
   Transformation of the supply chain
• Continue to pursue optimal production and supply structure and build optimal petroleum product sales structure
• Rebuild OIREC business (halt the refining function in Osaka and relocate refinery management to Chiba)
• Shift human resources to growth businesses in accordance with decreases in domestic demand
 Maximize the value of existing assets and strengthen competitiveness
• Steadily expand exploration and production
• Increase the recovery rate by using gas/chemical EOR (enhanced oil recovery) technology
 Continue stable operation of Caserones
• Improve operating efficiency by strengthening automated control of operations
Integrate Smelting and Refining Business and Recycling Business
• Achieve the best feed mix of copper concentrate/recycled materials and
maximize profits in the smelter business
• Steadily integrate recycled materials with high profit margin
  • Improve equipment maintenance with predictive diagnostics
• Verify automated operation of refinery equipment
• Optimize overall supply chain management • Improve delivery efficiency
 • Highly accurate production forecasting
• Increased efficiency via remote operation • Sophisticated forecasting of underground
geological structure and velocity distribution
 • Enhance efficiency through automated production planning and management
• Implement remote operation of smelters
• Introduce AI to speed up sorting and analysis of recycled materials
 Petroleum Refining & Marketing
Oil & Gas E&P
Metal Resources Development, Copper Smelting and Refining
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 18
 
 Value Creation Story Strategy and Value Created Growth businesses
We will develop and strengthen the following four growth businesses to build a resilient business portfolio.
Petrochemicals
• Implement concrete measures for increasing the chemical ratio1
Pursue the alliance with Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation with the ultimate goal of zero gasoline production at the Kashima industrial complex and make inroads into derivatives areas where we have strengths
• Expand the scale of technologically superior products2 (double production capacity by 2030)
Chemical Ratio
   1 Chemical ratio: The ratio of the volume of chemical products to the volume of all products produced from crude oil processed at the Kawasaki, Kashima, Mizushima, and Oita industrial complexes
2 Product examples: Hydrogenated petroleum resin (used as an adhesive in disposable diapers), ENB (used as an additive in synthetic rubber for vehicle parts), electrical wire insulation material (used for specialty electrical wire such as high-voltage and ultra-high voltage wire)
Approx. 10%
Current
Approx. 30%
Future
 • Capture rising demand accompanying growth of 5G and rebound in the memory segment
• Improve products while steadily establishing production capacity
• Develop new businesses using M&A and open innovation
Compound semiconductors (indium-phosphorus)
Treated rolled copper foil
High-purity tantalum powder
Materials (Electronic Materials)
    Next-Generation Energy Supply and Community Services
We will build an ENEOS platform that provides services in mobility,
lifestyle support and energy utilizing our SS network and distributed power sources
Utilization of SS network
• Build a car delivery and sharing business model
• Develop a car leasing business
• Conduct a verification trial of an enroute
EV charging service
• Build a new lifestyle support business via alliances/collaboration
• Expand lifestyle support services utilizing the strength of the ENEOS brand
Use of distributed power sources
• Expand customer base and build optimal portfolio of power generation sources
Expand ENEOS Denki customer base, develop thermal power plants, and expand renewable energy power generation capacity
• Create energy services that make full use of in-house resources
Household consumption support services, VPP verification
• Conduct verification trial aimed at building an overseas hydrogen supply chain
Conduct joint project on the storage and transport of CO2-free hydrogen
Lifestyle support
• Convenience stores and cafes • Laundromats
• Parcel delivery boxes
• Healthcare
• Laundry service and delivery • In-home lifestyle services
  Mobility services
EV
• Car maintenance
• Car sharing & leasing
• Vehicle delivery
• Enroute charging service
• EV-related services
• Self-driving EV ride sharing
...etc.
ENEOS platform
Energy services
• Fuel oil sales
• ENEOS Denki, city gas, and
hydrogen
• Household consumption support • VPP business
• Community-based businesses
...etc.
Provide the highly convenient services
customers want by linking all sorts of data, creating a database, and offering the services through apps
...etc.
       19 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

 Recycling
• Verify recycling of waste plastics into oil
• Build “lease-reuse-recycle” model for storage batteries used
for EV buses
• Commercialize recycling of lithium-ion batteries for vehicles
CCS/CCUS
• Utilize technologies developed through the U.S. CO2 EOR business
• Collaborate with strategic partners in evaluating business potential
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
 Reinforcement Measures for Realizing Strategies
Pursuit of Digital Transformation (DX)
The ENEOS Group is working on company-wide DX with the goal of increasing the efficiency of our base businesses and creating innovative products and services. We are already in the process of conducting more than 40 cross-functional digitalization trials.
In July 2020, we established the DX Promotion Committee, chaired by the CDO3, to push ahead with DX using a top-down approach. In addition, we established the Office of the CDO, aimed at developing human resources for DX and generating greater company-wide momentum for these initiatives.
We will use our data analysis platform, which consolidates various forms of internal and external data, to build a digital platform. We will combine this digital platform with the real platform of our service station network, one of our strengths, to transition to a platform that can provide the necessary services in a comprehensive manner.
3 CDO: Chief digital officer, responsible for promoting digitalization within the Group
Securing and Developing Human Resources
Building a Digital Platform in the Energy Business
  Movement optimization
Demand
forecasting Data
analysis platform
Image analysis
     Rapid calculation
Detection of abnormalities
 Securing and developing human resources who will carry out the execution of our strategies is of vital importance to the Company. We will implement the following measures with an eye toward moving away from conventional human resource measures and pursuing transformation.
Human Resource Measures
Database
ENEOS’ new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system
  Customer data
Sensors & IoT
External data
   Secure cloud environment
  Securing & Developing Human Resources
Evaluation & Benefits
Workstyle Reform
Transformation & Challenge
• Introduce job-based, year-round recruitment of human resources, including those with digital skills
• Support independent career development • Introduce a talent management system
• Introduce a personnel evaluation system driven by competence and performance
• Provide benefits that reflect job duties and performance
• Promote workstyles that increase productivity and added value
• Utilize digital tools
• Maintain and improve mental and physical health
Diversity
• Utilize human resources with diverse talents and values • Develop human resources who can advance the
company’s transformation
• Identify and hire talent based on evaluation from various aspects
• Actively advance experienced employees
• Support balancing work with childcare, family care, and working while receiving medical treatment
• Change mindsets and build relationships of trust through dialogue
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 20
 
 Value Creation Story Strategy and Value Created Open Innovation
Establishment of the Emerging Business Development Department
 Special Feature
The ENEOS Group is optimizing its business portfolio under the ENEOS Group Long-Term Vision to 2040. As part of these efforts, we are now accelerating partnerships with different industries and fields across all of our businesses in order to pursue the potential of our growth businesses (see pages 15 to 16).
The Emerging Business Development Department, established in April 2019, is working to effectively combine the Group’s abundant management resources with outside knowledge and
technologies. We are steadily planting the seeds for future business- es using all-new approaches while also utilizing the technologies and know-how of our base businesses (see pages 15 to 16).
 Vision of the Emerging Business Development Department
 Transforming ourselves along with innovators to pass on value to future generations
 Pursuing collaboration in three core domains for realization of the Long-Term Vision
          Community Development and Mobility
Core Domains
Low-Carbon, Recycling-Oriented Society
Status of Collaboration
Data Science and Innovative, Cutting-edge Technologies
   • Local infrastructure service platform centered on energy supply
• New sustainable mobility infrastructure
(See latest information as of September 2020 at: https://www.eneos-innovation.co.jp/english/)
   BYD Japan Co., Ltd.
Development of a lease, reuse and recycle model for EV bus storage batteries
Open Street Inc.
Construction of a mobility station network: See page 23
Luup, Inc.
Promoting growth of compact electric-powered mobility solutions
APB Corporation
Manufacture and utilization of all-polymer batteries
Ample Inc.
Battery replacement solutions for the growth of EVs
Sensyn Robotics, Inc.
Construction of drone stations
SkyDrive Inc.
Construction of air mobility stations
Agritree Co., Ltd.
Promoting growth of solar sharing:
See page 23
AGRIST Inc.
Development of robots for automation of crop harvesting
Chitose Bio Evolution Pte. Ltd.
Utilization of algae biomass
E-ThermoGentek Co., Ltd.
Use of waste heat with thermoelectric devices: See page 24
Preferred Networks, Inc.
Plant automation and discovery of new materials using AI
QunaSys Inc.
Acceleration of R&D driven by quantum computing
JWAT WAVE co., Ltd.
Local production and consumption of renewable energy
Mountain Gorilla Co., Ltd.
Support for the improvement of operations through digitalization of work flow for paper record keeping
MIRAI-LABO Co., Ltd.
Promoting the utilization of reusable batteries and the growth of solar pavement
Petrochemicals
            Community services Next-generation energy supply
Accelerating the development of growth businesses in the Long-Term Vision through collaboration
21 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
• Carbon neutral in the Group’s own CO2 emissions
• Sustainable material recycling model
• Transformation of operations using AI
• Cutting-edge technologies that pave the way for new business creation
  Environmentally conscious businesses
Materials
(electronic materials, etc.)
 
   Inspired.Lab is the home of the Emerging Business Development Department, where day-to-day engagement with outside parties helps to produce new ideas.
Speed of Execution for the Creation of New Business With “Leapfrogging” as the Keyword
The mission of the Emerging Business Development Department is to create the growth businesses described in our Long-Term Vision. As our petroleum business and other mainstay businesses will continue to contract over the long term, we must create businesses from all-new perspectives under the concept of “leapfrogging” in order to contribute to the coming low-carbon, recycling-oriented society. Based on this commitment, we established corporate venture capital (CVC) in October 2019. We will now share our commitment and resources with start-up companies to foster businesses that will blossom in the future, rather than focusing on recouping our investment over the short term.
The unique trait of this department is its speed of execution. Under the second Medium-Term Management Plan, the depart- ment has been allocated 15 billion yen for investments, and a little over one year since its establishment, we have completed nine investments totaling 3.7 billion yen. Speedy decision-making has made it possible to launch businesses over the short time horizon of three to four months. Collaboration partners were initially recruited through an accelerator program*, but today we are taking the lead in scouting for new partners. Our ultimate goal is for companies to want to join us in our core domains based on their own capabilities.
We plan to complete the seed-planting phase during fiscal 2020 and move onto the commercialization phase from fiscal 2021. Business operations will be handled by existing business departments, and when needed, we will consider establishing new business departments or even M&A. The 21 members of our department constitute a diverse workforce selected from Group companies. Members are assigned to individual projects and they assume responsibility for execution. We now seek to build an even more diverse staff through efforts such as mid-career hiring and the Challenge X program for open recruitment in-house. In the future, we will also consider personnel exchanges with start-up companies.
reduce carbon emissions, promote resource recycling, and resolve other ESG challenges of the changing times.
* A program launched in July 2018 for the creation of new businesses with venture companies
 Characteristics of the Organization
 Approval authority
Speed of execution
Size of investment
Members
Office environment
Approval authority independent of the Group
Considerable speed in decision-making within the department
CVC fund able to invest hundreds of millions of yen per investment
21 professionals hired in-house and from outside the company (as of August 31, 2020)
Open environment accessible to start-up firms
  Through our initiatives and the resulting businesses, we aim to
Yazaki Yasunori
General Manager,
Emerging Business Development Department
Executive Officer ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 22

Value Creation Story Strategy and Value Created
Open Innovation
Establishment of the Emerging Business Developme
Clean and Comfortable Mobility Platforms
Sharing-based mobility, such as car sharing, is in the spotlight because of its highly economical and convenient nature. Open Street provides bicycle and scooter sharing services at more than 200 locations across Japan.
Open Street is now working with local governments to promote a smart city concept by analyzing and utilizing the movement data of people using IoT and AI technologies. Through our capital alliance with Open Street, the Group has begun examining the use of in-vehicle batteries and recharging solutions for sharing-based mobility. In the future, we will evolve these solutions into mobility stations that are eco-friendly, comfortable and disaster-resilient. After establishing a track record, these stations will not only function as energy infrastructure, but we will also expand peripheral services in each community centered around these mobility stations.
Solar Sharing Effectively Utilizing Abandoned
By balancing solar power generation and agriculture on the same site, solar sharing can, for example, resolve the mutual issues of a shortage of farm successors and securing sites for use as solar power plants. Agritree Co., Ltd. is engaged in a number of services in this field, from consulting for farmland solar power systems to construction and operation.
The Group expects to generate synergistic effects between Agritree’s business and our renewable energy business. We plan
SP
 Example
 Community Development and Mobility
 Example
 Low-Carbon, Recycling-Oriented Society
nt Department
  Open Street Inc.
Address: 1-9-2 Higashishimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo
Representative: Yokoi Akira, Representative Director
Business lines: Provision of sharing-based mobility services as well as development
and provision of IoT devices
Shareholders: Yokoi Akira, Sato Takeshi, SoftBank Corp., and Z Corporation Inc. Established: November 1, 2016
Fields
Solar Sharing
Further cooperation aimed at reducing facilities costs and raising the efficiency of farming operations
Agritree Co., Ltd.
Address: 2-120 Nakabaru, Nakagawa City, Fukuoka
Representative: Nishi Koji, Representative Director
Business lines: Consulting, design, materials procurement, installation, and
maintenance for solar sharing and consulting for farm management Shareholders: Nishi Koji and Huis Ten Bosch, Inc.
Established: July 27, 2018
Message
It all started with the fiscal 2018 accelerator program. With the support that only an energy professional can provide, we are now working to tap into new partners and crystallize business ideas. Our partner- ship with the ENEOS Group has also boosted our credibility among customers.
Nishi Koji
Representative Director Agritree Co., Ltd.
  Power generation
Knowledge of ENEOS and Agritree
Farming operations
Robots, drones, AI, etc.
   to combine both companies’ technologies and know-how for solutions to issues involving abandoned farmland and diversifica- tion of revenue streams. Together we will work toward the growth of solar sharing while improving facilities costs and farming productivity.
 23 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
     
   Example
 Low-Carbon, Recycling-Oriented Society
 Thermoelectric Devices That Convert Waste Heat to Electrical Energy
 In the world today, there are still many forms of energy that are not being utilized, for example, waste heat at factories. If waste heat can be efficiently converted to electricity, it is expected that vast energy conservation effects can be achieved. E-ThermoGentek Co., Ltd. possesses promising thermoelectric device technolo- gies that can realize this vision. A thermoelectric device is a module with semiconductors that converts temperature differenc- es into electricity. Although researched for many years, thermo- electric devices could not be commercialized due to difficulties in the structural design for maintaining the power generation function. E-ThermoGentek has overcome this difficulty by giving greater flexibility to the materials.
Through our partnership with E-ThermoGentek, the Group aims to achieve the effective use and self-sustainability of energy. We will also contribute to the broad social implementation of this technology, including at our own business sites.
E-ThermoGentek’s power generation module, compatible with a wide range of equipment shapes
E-ThermoGentek Co., Ltd.
Conventional products
  Address: 102 Kujo CID Bldg. 13 Higashikujo-shimotonoda-cho, Minami-ku Kyoto City, Kyoto
Representative: Nambu Shutaro, Representative Director Business lines: Research, development, manufacture and sales of
thermoelectric devices
Shareholders: Real Tech Holdings Co., Ltd. and individual investors Established: February 26, 2013
 Launch of Program Encouraging In-house Entrepreneurship
The Group is promoting a cultural transformation in-house at the same time as its collaboration with outside entities. The Challenge X program, which aims to foster in-house entrepreneurship to commercialize the ideas of individual employees, is one such initiative. Any employee can freely submit their own ideas, and in fiscal 2019, the first fiscal year of Challenge X, more than 200 ideas were submitted. In March 2020, the selection committee finalized nine ideas from these 200 after document screening, interviews, and presentation judging. Judges (outside parties) and ENEOS Group executive management carefully reviewed the details of each solution in terms of anticipated customer issues and social significance based on presentations by the entrants. The entrant selected for the grand prize after receiving the highest score from the judges has already begun activities aimed at commercialization.
Through this program, the Group will continue to foster a corporate culture that embraces challenges and accepts failure as a learning opportunity. We will also accelerate the creation of new value by utilizing the unique ideas of a diverse range of human resources.
Award Winning Ideas of Fiscal 2019
Grand Prize
Iza-jp driving tourism for foreign nationals
Runner Up
Reduction of sericulture costs using novel technology Sekaifu Genki Project: Providing clothing using “sekaifu” that connects the world
Dr. Carrot Pj: Using freshly squeezed carrot juice to resolve the issue of low vegetable consumption among businessmen
Takamine Kei (at right), winner of the grand prize (workplace at the time: Administration Group, Kyushu Branch Office) and ENEOS Holdings Chairman of the Board Sugimori Tsutomu
    ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 24
Ceramic Thermoelectric substrate device
  
Interview with the President
We will develop growth businesses aimed at the realization of our Long-Term Vision,
with the goal of becoming one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia.
 Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
Q1
I was appointed president of ENEOS Holdings at the same time as the announce- A1 ment of our second Medium-Term Management Plan. My mission is to lead our
transformation into a company that creates a bright future.
My mission and role is clear. I will lead the transformation of our business structure, organiza- tion and corporate culture in order to become a company that creates a bright future, with an eye toward achieving our Long-Term Vision.
I believe the key to a company’s profitability, and as an extension its continuity, is the recognition of its existential value for engaging in business activities that support society and finding solutions to social issues.
Our Long-Term Vision, announced in May 2019, presents our vision for the ENEOS Group to fulfill a necessary role in society well into the future based on the worldwide trend toward a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society. As fossil fuels is one of our base businesses, achiev-
What is your mission and role as the new president?
25 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
 
 ing this vision will be a major challenge. To this end, senior management held a number of frank discussions during the process of formulating the Long-Term Vision and the second Medium-Term Management Plan, which is a milestone of this vision.
Therefore, I recognize that achieving the second Medium-Term Management Plan carries great importance not only for the Group, but also for the future of society. In 2020, the first fiscal year of the second Medium-Term Management Plan, an important turning point, I was appointed president of ENEOS Holdings, and I am now charged with leading the Group. Under the concept “taking on the challenge of transformation,” I am working together with our employees as we strive to achieve the Group’s vision.
Looking back on the first Medium-Term Management Plan, what were some of the challenges that emerged?
We reaffirmed the importance of a resilient business portfolio that can flexibly A2 respond to major environmental changes, such as commodity price volatility and
the COVID-19 pandemic.
One characteristic of the Group’s operations is that they are easily affected by the prices of commodities such as oil and copper. For example, in fiscal 2014 and 2015, we posted significant operating losses due to impacts from the collapse in oil prices. Consequently, we pushed ahead with the business integration of the JX Group and the TonenGeneral Group as the market recov- ered in fiscal 2016 in order to reinforce our earning power. The integration was completed in fiscal 2017, which also marked the start of the first Medium-Term Management Plan.
Under the first Medium-Term Management Plan, we developed our businesses under the three basic policies of “enhancing the profitability of core businesses,” “focusing on cash flows and capital efficiency” and “strengthening the business foundation.” Overall, in addition to improvement in the market environment, we generated synergies from the business integra- tion that were greater than expected, and improved profitability through organic efforts, such as boosting earnings from the Caserones Copper Mine, which helped to strengthen our financial base.
In terms of “enhancing profitability of core businesses,” in our energy business we achieved integration synergies of 122.5 billion yen, which greatly exceeded the plan of 100.0 billion yen. We also pushed ahead with initiatives to reduce refining capacity and increase competitiveness in sync with declining demand for petroleum products and brand integration. Moreover, in our metals business, the Caserones Copper Mine achieved an operating profit through improved earning power, which had been a challenge, and we implemented various measures to strengthen competitiveness, including steadily boosting our production capacity for electronic materials.
As for “focusing on cash flows and capital efficiency,” we moved ahead with selling businesses and assets that did not align with the Group’s strategy, while reinforcing our electric- ity and gas businesses, including renewable energy, and acquiring a tantalum and niobium business. Stability in domestic and international markets coupled with this transformation of our business portfolio resulted in a three-year cumulative cash flow of over 800.0 billion yen.
In regard to “strengthening the business foundation,” we introduced an internal control system and implemented ESG management.
Q2
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 26

Interview with the President
Results of the First Medium-Term Management Plan
Operating income
(excluding inventory valuation)
Free cash flow
Net D/E ratio ROE
Q3
A3
96.7 billion yen
828.7 billion yen (FY2017–2019 cumulative)
0.70 times −7.5%
However, there were challenges as well. As I mentioned previously, one characteristic of the Group’s operations is that they are easily affected by the prices of commodities such as oil and copper. In fiscal 2019, the final fiscal year of the first Medium-Term Management Plan, we posted rather severe financial results due to the sharp drop in commodity prices, stagnant petrochemical product prices, and impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, we fell short of our targets for operating income and ROE, despite having achieved the target of strengthening our financial base, including free cash flow and net D/E ratio. Seeing how our performance was affected by market conditions and commodity prices reaffirmed just how challenging it is to establish a resilient business portfolio.
For details regarding the results of the first Medium-Term Management Plan, see page 17.
 Management Targets
500.0 billion yen
500.0 billion yen (FY2017–2019 cumulative)
0.70 times or lower
10% or more
FY2017
372.6 billion yen
612.0 billion yen
0.62 times
15.2%
FY2018
515.7 billion yen
749.3 billion yen (FY2017–2018 cumulative)
0.59 times
12.3%
FY2019
         What are the main points of the Long-Term Vision to 2040 and the second Medium-Term Management Plan?
 During the second Medium-Term Management Plan, we will accelerate business structure reforms for the achievement of our Long-Term Vision.
The envisioned goals laid out in our Long-Term Vision cover three themes: “become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials companies in Asia,” “create value by transforming our current business structure,” and “contribute to the develop- ment of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.” Regarding “contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society,” we aim to be carbon neutral in 2040. During the three years of the second Medium-Term Management Plan, we will make steady progress with reforms aimed at the realization of these envisioned goals.
The focus of the second Medium-Term Management Plan is the acceleration of the structural reforms that we have pursued up to now and the development of a resilient business portfolio, having established a firm foothold with the maximization of integration synergies and the strengthening of the financial base during the first Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan.
27 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

Our ability to execute this transformation has been called into question, especially concerning the development and strengthening of our growth businesses, for which we have planted the seeds.
In accordance with the long-term outlook for the energy business environment, and from a standpoint of resolving climate change issues, we project that electricity will power our lives and that sustainable renewable energy, and over the long-term CO2-free hydrogen, will become the main way of producing electricity. With this big picture in mind, we will not only utilize the Group’s own strengths, but also combine those strengths with digital technology and knowledge from different industries and areas, enabling us to push ahead with compre- hensive business reforms and focus on strengthening the earning power of our base business- es while rapidly developing and strengthening our growth businesses.
Petrochemicals business: We will transform our existing refining facilities to produce more chemical products, and move ahead with a high-value-added derivatives business. Specifically, we will tackle the challenge of improving competitiveness and profitability using the shift to chem- icals, including development of technologies for utilizing gasoline fractions as other petrochemi- cal products and development of materials in derivatives and other areas where we have competitive strength.
Materials business: We will capture the need for advanced materials in such fields as telecommunications, digitalization, mobility, healthcare equipment, and next-generation batteries, and provide a continuous supply of the materials sought by society in a timely manner. We will achieve higher performance and higher added value by improving products using the Group’s electronic materials technology, one of our strengths.
Next-generation energy supply and community services business: We anticipate a move toward regional distributed power sources as the trend toward the concentration of people in urban areas diminishes, depending on future lifestyles and economic activities. We have an efficient supply chain which includes a service station (SS) network covering 13,000 locations across Japan, a robust, trust-driven network of dealers, and large-scale hubs such as refineries. We will fully harness these real networks and utilize our customer databases to not only generate and sell energy, but also to build the ENEOS platform, which will include the provision of various services that are useful to society. We hope to develop this platform into an important pillar of our business portfolio.
Environmentally conscious businesses: We will pursue waste plastic and metal recycling utilizing our refineries and smelters, as well as vehicle lithium-ion battery recycling, demand for which is rising due to the spread of EVs. Additionally, in our upstream oil and gas business, we will expand CCS/CCUS, mainly in Southeast Asia, where we have business knowledge and experience.
For details, see page 17.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 28

Interview with the President
Q4
A4 We will accelerate initiatives aimed at our envisioned goals to produce results.
 Q5
A5
The COVID-19 pandemic has brought about unexpected changes on a worldwide scale. In addition to changes in economic and social activities, the pandemic is ushering in a “new normal” and new values. Nevertheless, the Group’s direction of pursuing the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society and digital innovation, as stated in the Long-Term Vision, remains intact. In fact, with the formation of a society that embraces diverse values, the speed of progress in these areas could accelerate even further.
From this standpoint, I feel that our mission will be to further accelerate initiatives aimed at the achievement of the envisioned goals of our Long-Term Vision and produce results at a more rapid pace.
At the same time, the COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted areas that remain necessary and should be considered important in the future. This is the reaffirmation of values that are a matter of course, such as safety, security and healthy living. We continue to fulfill our role of supplying the energy and materials that support people’s lives and society, both during times of normalcy and during emergencies such as natural disasters or global pandemics. The increased resilience of our production and supply systems is vital to our ability to continue to fulfill this role, which represents our existential value.
Through our experience with COVID-19, a number of new measures for efficiency have emerged. For example, in terms of workstyle reform, we have established an IT environment and implemented a number of measures that make it possible, mainly for our office workers, to work from anywhere and at any time. Furthermore, looking ahead, we will fully utilize IoT, AI and robotics to make the entire supply chain, from refineries and smelters to our customers via distribution and our SS, more efficient and sophisticated.
Why did you add carbon neutrality to “contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society”?
We clarified our future direction and will use it as a guideline for our business activities.
The transition to a low-carbon society is a worldwide social issue. It also presents major risks and opportunities for the Group as an energy company. I believe that we will be able to contin- ually generate profits into the future only if we face these social issues directly and gain society’s acknowledgement of our existential value through our solutions to them. In order to clearly present this direction to stakeholders inside and outside the company, we added the achievement of carbon neutrality by 2040 as a new policy and included this in our Long-Term Vision together with a numerical target. That is, we aim to reduce CO2 emissions by 10 million tons in 2030 and by 17 million tons, the equivalent of our total CO2 emissions, in 2040.
What impacts has COVID-19 had on your business operations?
29 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

Q6
A6
To achieve this target, we will pursue lower-cost renewable energy, CO2-free hydrogen, and CCS/CCUS through technological innovation, as well as EVs and other aspects of the mobility business, and we will also promote energy conservation through the automated operation of our refineries and smelters.
What are your initiatives for strengthening human resources and organizations?
We aim to be an organization that moves with speed and agility despite its large size by reforming our corporate culture to think on the go.
 Q7
A7
The driving force that will help us to pave the way toward an unknown future is our diverse workforce. To ensure that each and every employee can maximize his or her potential, we will promote human resources development, improvement of evaluation and compensation systems, and workstyle reforms. In this manner, we aim to foster a bright and active corporate culture in which we embrace creativity and challenges.
In addition, in an environment of intense change, including digitalization, speed in decision-making is of the essence. As one of our initiatives to speed up the decision-making process, we have reformed the Group’s operating structure. We have built a structure where various projects can be implemented quickly by increasing the independence and agility of the companies that run our metals and oil and gas exploration businesses, with our energy business as the de facto holding company. We are now undertaking a major shift of authority to the frontlines of our businesses as we work to clarify accountability for performance and enhance monitoring.
Our goal is to be an organization that moves with speed and agility despite its large size. We will create our own future while responding quickly and flexibly to change and when necessary, staying one step ahead of change.
What are your thoughts on returning profits to shareholders?
We will maintain a stable dividend and aim to be a company that is recognized for its creation of new value.
Our fundamental approach to shareholder returns is to create a positive cycle where we generate profits from the provision of value in response to the needs of customers and then use these profits to fund shareholder returns. However, given the major changes in the business environment surrounding the Group, we cannot survive by simply maintaining the status quo. Based on this sense of urgency, we will combine our collective strengths to achieve our Medium-Term Management Plan and realize our Long-Term Vision, with the aim of enhancing corporate value by building a business structure that is unaffected by environ- mental changes for the creation of new value.
I ask for the further understanding and support of our shareholders and other stakeholders as we move forward.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 30

 Message from the Managing Executive Officer Responsible for the Finance & Investor Relations Department
 Overview of Fiscal 2019
We will pursue the maximization of corporate value through a financial strategy underpinned by rigorous management of capital investments and the use of financial leverage.
Tanaka Soichiro
Senior Vice President
Responsible for Controller Dept.,
Finance & Investor Relations Dept., Public Relations Dept. ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
 We saw a significant downturn in profits due to the sharp decline in commodity prices coupled with worsening margins for petrochemical products.
Volatility in crude oil prices and copper prices up to the third quarter of fiscal 2019 was limited, despite geopolitical risks in the Middle East. However, the period from January to March 2020, which corresponds to the fourth quarter, saw a signifi- cant drop in commodity prices, including crude oil prices, caused by the economic slowdown from the COVID-19 pandemic and the breakdown in OPEC Plus talks on sustaining coordinated output cuts. These impacts caused inventory valuation losses in our energy business and impairment losses in our upstream business. In addition, margins for petrochemi- cal products greatly worsened due to the concentration of new production facilities in China. Meanwhile, we made steady progress in boosting integration synergies under the first
Medium-Term Management Plan and implemented operational improvements and cost reduction measures at the Caserones Copper Mine.
As a result, on a consolidated basis, in fiscal 2019 the Group recorded net sales of 10,011.8 billion yen, down 1,117.8 billion yen over the previous year, and an operating loss of 113.1 billion yen, down 650.2 billion yen over the previous year, which were rather disappointing results. Operating income excluding inventory valuation totaled 96.7 billion yen, down 419.0 billion yen over the previous year. Net loss attributable to owners of the parent came in at 187.9 billion yen, down 510.2 billion yen over the previous year.
31 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

 Outlook for Fiscal 2020
We will carefully monitor the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic.
  The consolidated earnings forecast for fiscal 2020 includes net sales of 7,340.0 billion yen, a decrease of 2,671.8 billion yen versus the previous year, operating income of 110.0 billion yen, an increase of 223.1 billion yen, operating income exclud- ing inventory valuation of 165.0 billion yen, an increase of 68.3 billion yen, and profit attributable to owners of the parent of 40.0 billion yen, an increase of 227.9 billion yen. This outlook is based on the assumption that the decline in sales volume and other effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will last until the first half. We will continue to closely monitor the impacts from
Operating Income Excluding Inventory Valuation
the COVID-19 pandemic going forward.
In the second Medium-Term Management Plan, which
began in fiscal 2020, we strive to balance the implementation of our business strategy to achieve the Long-Term Vision and management focused on cash flow. To achieve the targets laid out in the plan, we will strengthen the competitiveness of our base businesses, pursue investment to develop and strength- en our growth businesses, maintain the soundness of our financial base, and allocate cash flows appropriately.
Energy Business (Billion yen)
200
150
100
50
0
-50
Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business
Metals Business Other
Oil and Natural Gas E&P
+38.8
 Other +2.1
165.0
29.0
    Energy +46.3
Metals -18.9
    43.7
96.7
  47.9
 43.9
  -38.8
2019 (Actual)
2020 (FY) (Forecast as of August 2020)
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 32
90.0
 46.0

Message from the Managing Executive Officer Responsible for the Finance & Investor Relations Department
Main Indicators of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Management Indicators
Free cash flow*
Net D/E ratio
ROE
* Excluding the impact of lease accounting
Note: Assumptions for the above indicators
Exchange rate (¥ / $)
Dubai crude oil price ($ / bbl) Copper price (¢ / lb)
Cash Flow Plan (FY2020–FY2022)
105
30
250
FY2021
105
60
270
(Billion yen)
  Operating income
(excluding inventory valuation)
970billion yen
(Cumulative total for FY2020–FY2022)
 150billion yen
(Cumulative total for FY2020–FY2022)
 0.8times or lower
(on a total asset basis)
 10%or higher
 Sale of assets 150
 Operating income (excluding inventory valuation)
970
 Depreciation and amortization 850
 Working capital, taxes and other 320
 Business maintenance 470
 Upstream business 200
 Strategic investment 830
 Free cash flow 150
 Total investment and financing 1,500 billion yen
  Maximizing Our Ability to Generate Cash Flow
105 60 270
 We will pursue optimization of our business portfolio and rigorous management of investment criteria.
Under the first Medium-Term Management Plan, the Group established a policy of “focusing on cash flows and capital efficiency” and set a cumulative target of 500.0 billion yen in free cash flow over the three years of the plan.
To achieve this target, we optimized our business portfolio in addition to generating cash from core businesses. We divested our cell culture material business and our oil sands project in Canada, assigned our interest in the Collahuasi Copper Mine, sold the Shin-Nisseki Building, and exited cross-shareholdings.
As a result, we generated cumulative free cash flow of 828.7 billion yen for fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2019, greatly exceed- ing the target of 500.0 billion yen. Our net D/E ratio at the end of fiscal 2019 was 0.7 times, also achieving the target.
Under the second Medium-Term Management Plan, we established a cumulative three-year (fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2022) target for free cash flow of 150.0 billion yen. This includes
capital expenditures of 1,500.0 billion yen. The plan is to focus on strategic investment in renewable energy and other businesses that will be mainstays of the future. Similar to the first Medium-Term Management Plan, we will increase capital efficiency and turnover through rigorous management of investment criteria, with an emphasis on ROIC, and selective investment. Moreover, we will pursue the optimum business portfolio for the Group by reducing upstream investment and implementing strategic investment in midstream, downstream, and growth areas.
We aim to boost our earning power via thorough ROIC management and achieve the target of ROE of at least 10% by returning profits to shareholders. At the same time, we will pursue an appropriate balance of liabilities and capital by balancing financial soundness and the use of financial leverage to reach a net D/E ratio of 0.8 times or lower.
33 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
FY2020
FY2022

Strategic Investment in Growth Businesses (Generation of Long-Term Cash Flow)
Earnings contribution of approx. 90 billion yen projected (FY2025)
Unit: Billion yen
 Next-generation energy supply, community services, and environmentally conscious businesses
400
 Renewable energy & hydrogen 130
 Electricity 70
 Environmentally conscious businesses, new services, etc. 200
Petrochemicals and materials 250
 Electronic materials 140
 Petrochemicals, other materials, etc. 110
Base businesses 180
 Petroleum refining & marketing 130
 Copper smelting and refining 20
 Other 30
 Total of 1,040
We recognize that returning profits to shareholders is an important management task and maintain a basic policy of returning profits that reflect trends and the outlook for consoli- dated business performance over the medium to long term.
Our policy for returning profits to shareholders during the second Medium-Term Management Plan is as follows (see figure at right). We will target a total shareholder return of at least 50% of net income excluding inventory valuation for the cumulative three years. As for dividends, we will ensure that they do not fall below the level of 22 yen per share paid out in fiscal 2019.
We plan to pay a dividend of 22 yen per share for fiscal 2020.
Looking ahead, we will aim for further shareholder returns through progress in achieving our management targets.
Dividend Policy of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Total of 1,500
 Mid & down- stream
 Strategic investments 830
 Business maintenance 470
 Up- stream
 200
  Mid & down- stream
 Strategic investments 300
 Business maintenance 470
 Up- stream
 270
  1st Medium-Term Management Plan
2nd Medium-Term Management Plan
Of which investment in digital promotions: 100
Philosophy on Returning Profits to Shareholders
 We aim to return more profits to shareholders based on a clear policy.
Annual dividend per share (Yen)
Total return ratio (%)
 60
3-year cumulative of 50% or more, 60 excluding inventory valuation effects
 40 34 33 21
40
 Lower limit: 22 yen/share
 22
2019 20
   00
2017 2018 2019 2020–2022 (FY) (Plan)
Plan to pay dividend of 22 yen/share in FY2020
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 34

 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
 Financial Highlights (IFRS)
Note: Figures for fiscal 2016 are the totals of JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Sekiyu for the period from April 2016 to March 2017.
Operating Income, Operating Income Excluding Inventory Valuation and Operating Profit Margin (Excluding Inventory Valuation)
Net Sales
(Billion yen) 12,000
6,000
0
10,301.1 9,249.7
11,129.6
10,011.8
(Billion yen)
600 400 200
0 -200
487.5
537.1
515.7
(%)
6.0
4.0 2.0
96.7 0 (FY)
Operating income Metals Business
Energy Business Other
Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business
Operating profit margin (excluding inventory valuation)
  374.0
3.6
372.6
4.6
1.0 -113.1
2019
 2.0 184.5
   2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) Net sales declined compared to the previous year due to the drop in crude
2016
2017
2018
oil prices.
Net Income and ROE
Net income attributable to owners of parent
Increases in integration synergies were offset by worsening margins for petroleum and petrochemical products, inventory write-downs due to falling crude oil prices, and impairment losses in the Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business.
(Billion yen)
400 361.9 20
 212.8
10
350
15.2 9.6
322.3 12.3
612.0
0
1 The application of IFRS 16 Leases is excluded from fiscal 2019.
Free cash flow totaled 79.4 billion yen. Despite the operating loss posted for fiscal 2019, there were many write-downs not incurring expenditure of funds, along with positive factors such as declining working capital and review of investment timing associated with falling crude oil prices.
00
-187.9
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Net income attributable to owners of parent declined significantly compared to the previous year, mainly due to significant worsening in operating profit/loss.
137.3
79.4
ROE
Free Cash Flow
(Billion yen)
700
(%)
  35 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
2017 2018
20191 (FY)
200
-200

  Shareholders’ Equity, Net Interest-Bearing Debt, and Net D/E Ratio
Total Dividends, Total Share Buybacks and Total Return Ratio
Shareholders’ equity
Net interest-bearing debt
Net D/E ratio
(Times) 2.0
Total dividends
Total share buybacks
34 30.0
65.0
Total return ratio
(Billion yen)
4,000
2,000
2,920.0 2,351.3
0.89 1,810.4 0.62
3,119.8
2,707.9
(Billion yen) 150
75
33 30.0
70.5
(%)
40
20
 2,642.7
48.9
70.9
 1,830.1 0.59
1,898.8 1.0 0.70
0
54.8
     450
0
-450
304.4
0000
  2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Net D/E ratio was 0.70 times, which achieved the target of the first Medium- Term Management Plan (FY2017–FY2019). As a result, we established a solid financial foundation.
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Shareholder returns, including a dividend increase and acquisition of treasury shares, have increased for three consecutive years. This was driven by strong performance in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018, the first two years of the first Medium-Term Management Plan.
R&D Costs and Capital Investment
Earnings per Share (EPS)
and Book Value per Share (BPS)
Earnings per share (EPS)
Book value per share (BPS)
R&D costs
(Billion yen)
400
200
0
Capital investment
295.7
(Yen/share) 900
816
105.92
95.36
743
718
321.0
16 yen per share
19 yen per share
21 yen per share
 -57.86
21.1 19.1 20.9
 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2017 2018 2019 (FY)
EPS and BPS were strong until fiscal 2018, but we posted negative results for EPS in fiscal 2019 due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The main breakdown of R&D costs was 10.3 billion yen for our energy segment and 9.9 billion yen for our metals segment. Capital investment was allocated in the following ratios: about 60% for the energy business and 20% each for the oil and natural gas exploration E&P and metals businesses.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 36
22 yen per share

Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
 Non-Financial Highlights
Power Generation from Renewable Energy
Note: Figures for fiscal 2016 are the combined totals of the JX Group and the TonenGeneral Group.
Solar Hydro (MWh)
Wind
Geothermal
82,548
CO2 Emissions1 (Million t-CO2)
100,000
80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
84,834
83,157
400 300 200 100
49,148
00
287.38
indirect emissions from energy use, and indirect emissions from customer consumption)
We added carbon neutrality by 2040 as a new target. In fiscal 2019, we introduced high-efficiency and energy-efficient facilities at our refineries and smelters, separated and recovered CO2 using CO2-EOR, and reduced emissions in the supply chain through expanded sales of environmentally friendly products.
Number of Occupational Injuries2
270.43
254.99
245.86
  2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
As part of our efforts to realize our Long-Term Vision to 2040, we will expand renewable energy power generation, which contributes to the development of a low-carbon society. We have 18 mega solar power plants located throughout Japan and in May 2020, we commenced operations at the Muroran Biomass Power Plant.
Landfill Disposal Volume and Waste-to-Landfill Ratio
2019 (FY) 1 Total of Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 (direct emissions from corporate activities,
Landfill disposal volume
(Tons)
20,000
10,000
Waste-to-landfill ratio
(%)
2.0
1.0
Fatalities (directly employed) Fatalities (contractors)
Lost work time (directly employed) Lost work time (contractors)
20 18
3 00
2018 2019 (FY)
(Incidents) 30
2016
2017 2018
  11,765 0.7
20 18 10
14,035 0.9
15,151 0.8
26 16
 9,304 0.6
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
We will effectively utilize resources within the Group and control waste emissions, which will enable us to maintain our zero emissions status. In addition, we will contribute to waste reduction and resource recycling for all of society through our recycling and environmental services business (see page 51).
 9
0 000101
    37 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
2016 2017
2 Scope: Principal operating companies
Safety and health is a top priority in the ENEOS Group Philosophy. As a group of companies that provides workplaces to many employees and contractor company employees, we are working to prevent occupational injuries through effective safety activities tailored to the characteristics of our operations (see pages 51 to 52).

 Occupational Injury Frequency Rate3,5 and Severity Rate4,5
Frequency rate (ENEOS Group)
Frequency rate (industry average [Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare survey]) Severity rate (ENEOS Group)
Severity rate (industry average [Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare survey])
Percentage of Women Among New Hires6
(%)
2 20
1.83 1.80
1.66
1 10
 1.63
14.9
14.3
0.29 0.09
0.39
0 0.01
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
0.01
0.00
0
14.1
13.4
 0.40 0.10
3 Number of occupational fatalities and injuries per one million work hours
4 Number of work days lost per one thousand work hours
5 Scope: The refineries, plants, and business sites of our principal operating companies
As our operations utilize large facilities and heavy machinery, and also require the handling of combustible materials, it is important to minimize the risks of serious accidents and injuries. We implement various safety measures and conduct thorough safety training to maintain zero occupational fatalities (see pages 51 to 52).
Employee Data7
 0.09 0.09 0.00
   2018 2019 (FY) 6 Scope of data: ENEOS Holdings and principal operating companies
We are increasing our hiring and promotion of women as one measure to harness the diversity of our workforce in order to create new value. We aim to continually achieve our target for the percentage of women among newly hired university graduates (see page 54).
Number of employees
Male Female Total
Turnover rate8 (%)
Average years of employment
Number of re-hired employees (after mandatory retirement)
Ratio of female managers (%)
Ratio of employees with disabilities (%)
Paid leave
Childcare leave
Labor union9
Number of members Membership rate (%)
Number of days of paid leave granted
Number of days of paid leave taken
Paid leave usage rate (%)
Total number of employees taking childcare leave
Number of male employees taking childcare leave
Rate of employees returning to work (%)
Number of employees taking family care leave
9,987
1,226
11,213
1.8
19.2
710
2.5
2.3
22.3
18.8
84.0
164
107
100
8,141
99.7
3
9,930
1,221
11,151
3.1
19.1
589
2.7
2.4
22.0
19.8
90.0
220
171
100
9,328
99.5
5
March 31, 2018
March 31, 2019
March 31, 2020 10,060
1,321 11,381 2.2 19.0 799 3.2 2.4 22.2 20.5 92.3 330 276 100 6 9,484 99.9
2016 2017
                        7 Scope of data: ENEOS Holdings, ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, JX Nippon Mining & Metals 8 Percentage of regular employees as of March of each year
9 ENEOS Holdings and JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration do not have labor unions.
Employees of ENEOS Holdings are seconded from principal operating companies and belong to the labor unions at their companies of origin.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 38

 Part II
ENEOS Group ESG Management Initiatives
We are working to create new value through our business activities to grow sustainability in all aspects of society.
ESG Management
ESG Management Structure 41 Initiatives for the Group’s Top Priorities
 (Material Issues) 43 Stakeholder Engagement 44
  Principal Declarations and Initiatives
We Participate In and Support 44
Environmental Initiatives
Special Feature:
Contributing to a Low-Carbon Society 45
Development of a Recycling-Oriented Society 51 Social Initiatives
Ensuring Safety 51 Respect for Human Rights 52 Human Resource Development 53 Healthy Work Environment 54
Corporate Governance
      Basic Approach and Framework 55 Evaluation of the Effectiveness of
 the Board of Directors 57 Policy for Appointing Director Candidates 58
  Training for Directors and Corporate Auditors
of Principal Operating Companies 58
Determination of Director Compensation 59 Governance of Listed Subsidiaries 60 Risk Management 61 Compliance 63
Message from an Outside Director 64 Executives 65
       39 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
    
       ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 40

 ESG Management
 ESG Management Structure
To achieve sustainable growth, we must strive to be a company whose value is recognized in society by earning the trust of our communities through our response to social needs and contribution to the resolution of social issues. Based on this awareness, the ENEOS Group took the formulation of the Long-Term Vision to 2040 and the second Medium-Term Management Plan as an opportunity to formulate the Basic Policy for ESG Management, and we are now implementing ESG management under this policy.
issues identified through three separate councils up to fiscal 2019. The matters discussed by the Executive Council are as follows.
• Material management risks identified through the
enterprise risk management (ERM) system (Executive
Council) (see page 61)
• Important ESG issues identified through ESG risk
analysis (former Group CSR Council) (see page 43)
• Internal control risks identified through the internal control
system (former Internal Control Council) (see page 61)
2. Determination of response policy and status confirmation (annually in the first quarter) (see [2] in diagram at right)
In order to ensure that identified risks and important issues are addressed by the entire Group in an agile and cross- functional manner, response policies are formulated by the relevant departments and principal operating companies under the guidance of the departments in charge at ENEOS Holdings. Response policies are discussed and approved at the first quarter meeting of the Executive Council based on the actual status.
At the same time, the Executive Council confirms progress and issues regarding risk reduction activities being managed under the internal control system.
3. Deliberation on business opportunities as well as management and business strategies (as needed) (see [3] in diagram at right)
During meetings of the Executive Council, members discuss business opportunities based on risks and important issues and reflect findings appropriately in management and business strategies. Specifically, discussions on strategy are incorporated continuously and appropriately into discussions on the Medium-Term Management Plan and fiscal year business plans as well as the budgets based on these plans.
4. Reporting to the Board of Directors (as needed) (see [4] in diagram at right)
Risks and important issues identified by the Executive Council are reported to the Board of Directors annually, while resolutions are passed on management and business strategies (Medium-Term Management Plan, budget, etc.) by the Board of Directors as needed.
 Basic Policy for ESG Management
ESG management at the ENEOS Group involves formu- lating management and business strategies based on risks and business opportunities and creating both economic value (profits) and social value (resolution of social issues) through our business in order to realize the ENEOS Group Philosophy.
The ENEOS Group is a group of companies that strives to earn the trust of stakeholders through the implementa- tion of ESG management in our business operations.
Transition to an ESG management structure
centered on the Executive Council
Based on the Basic Policy for ESG Management, the Group transitioned to a new structure for the effective and sound implementation of ESG management in fiscal 2020.
In formulating competitive medium- to long-term manage- ment and business strategies, we must identify risks and opportunities that could have significant impacts on future management, while also taking into account social issues. Based on this recognition, risks and opportunities as well as management and business strategies are discussed and the status of response to risks and important issues are confirmed in an appropriate manner by the ENEOS Holdings Executive Council, where the president and other officers discuss important management matters.
Process for addressing management risks and
important issues after transition
1. Comprehensive discussions (held annually in the third quarter) (see [1] in diagram at right)
To increase the effectiveness of discussions and the speed of decision-making, the Executive Council comprehensively discusses and identifies management risks and important
41 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

 ESG Management Structure
 ENEOS Holdings Executive Council
  Discussions on risks
 Material risk events
(Group-wide ERM; see page 61)
  Important ESG issues
(Materiality analysis; see page 43)
Internal control risks
(see page 61)
(3) Business opportunities
Business strategies
Medium-Term Management Plan
(1) Identification of risks and important issues (third quarter)
(2) Determination of response policy and status confirmation (first quarter)
 Board of Directors
Monitoring/ Supervision
(4) Reporting
   (5) Implementation of Group policies
(1)
Group companies
(2)
 Cross-functional response to identified risks and important issues (under the guidance of the departments in charge at ENEOS Holdings)*
・
    Important issues Relevant departments
Important issues Relevant departments
Important issues Relevant departments
Important issues Relevant departments
 * Example: Internal Control Department and Legal & Corporate Affairs Department work together to build and operate a comprehensive internal control structure (see page 62)
5. Sharing with Group companies (as needed) (see [5] in diagram above)
The results of discussions by the Executive Council on risks and important issues are shared with Group companies as needed, and each company appropriately and autonomously reflects this information in their own business strategies.
Dissolution of Group CSR Council and Internal Control Council and integration into the Executive Council
With changes in this process, the Group CSR Council and the Internal Control Council were dissolved and their roles were integrated into the Executive Council in fiscal 2020.
In addition, the three expert committees under the Group CSR Council, namely, the Human Rights Promotion and Human Resource Development Committee, the Environ- ment & Safety Committee and the Compliance Committee, have been dissolved and replaced with a structure for responding to risks and important issues cross-functionally under the guidance of the departments in charge at ENEOS
Holdings. This enables us to respond flexibly and agilely to a broader scope of cross-functional issues without the constraints of the conventional committee framework.
Initiatives in fiscal 2019
The Group held meetings of the Group CSR Council on two occasions in fiscal 2019. The council deliberated on the Group’s top priorities (material issues) and ascertained the permeation of the Group Philosophy and the Code of Conduct as well as the status of activities of each expert committee.
In addition, future policies were deliberated on after confirming the status of initiatives for various ESG-related risks and important issues, such as climate change and human rights. Matters that were deliberated on and reported to the council were reported to the Board of Directors and the Executive Council. Initiatives were implemented after confirming the direction of ESG activities and rollout across the entire Group.
The role of this council was integrated into the Executive Council in fiscal 2020.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 42

ESG Management
 Initiatives for the Group’s Top Priorities (Material Issues)
The ENEOS Group has identified top priorities (material issues) from two viewpoints: priority from an external perspective and priority from the Group’s internal perspective.
In fiscal 2019, we identified nine issues, established targets
Steps in the Review Process
Following an exhaustive review of GRI standards, ISO 26000, assessment items of ESG research providers, and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), 32 social issues were identified for consideration.
Priority from an external perspective was assessed for the 32 social issues identified in Step 1, taking into account such factors as the assessment weight specified by ESG research providers.
Priority from the Group’s internal perspective was assessed, taking into account such factors as our Medium-Term Management Plan and reviews of the expert committees within the CSR promotion structure, as well as the guidelines of the U.S. Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB).
Based on the assessments in Step 2 and Step 3, nine issues of particular significance were identified as the Group’s top priorities.
(KPIs), and implemented initiatives. In fiscal 2020, we identified the same nine issues as those for fiscal 2019 and formulated targets (KPIs) (see table below).
The Group’s Top Priorities
  STEP 1
Identify social issues to consider
 Development of a low-carbon society
Ensuring
safety
/ Health enhancement
Respect for human rights
Compliance
Promotion of diversity and inclusion
Human resource development
Development of a recycling-oriented society
Promotion of
work-life management
 E (environmental) item S (social) item
G (governance) item
 STEP 2
Prioritize from an external perspective
  STEP 3
Prioritize from the Group’s internal perspective
  STEP 4
Identify the Group’s top priorities
 The Group’s Top Priorities (Material Issues) and Targets (KPIs)
Priority: Low
Priority from Group’s internal perspective
Evaluation: Achieved/Steady progress
Priority: High
Not achieved
 Category
The Group’s Top Priorities
Development of
a low-carbon society
Development of
a recycling-oriented society
Ensuring safety
Respect for human rights
Human resource development
Promotion of diversity and inclusion
Promotion of
work-life management
Health enhancement
Compliance
Fiscal 2019 Target (KPI)
Reduction in CO2 emissions
Reduce by 2.72 million tons compared to 2009
Ratio of landfill disposal
Maintain zero emissions (less than 1%)
Zero serious occupational injuries (occupational fatalities)
-
100% participation rate in human rights training
Implementation of effective training based on human resource development plan
Women comprise at least 25% of newly hired graduates by fiscal 2020
Maintain employment rate of people with disabilities at 2.2% or higher
Maintain annual paid leave days taken at 80% or higher
Maintain 100% rate of return to work after childcare leave
Achieve cancer screening rate of 70% or higher
Conduct legal compliance inspections
Implement training on important laws and regulations (Anti-Monopoly Act, etc.)
-
Fiscal 2019 Results/Progress
Reduced by 2.75 million tons compared to 2009
0.8%
0
100%
Completed
28.5%
2.36%
92.3%
100%
65%
Fiscal 2020 Target (KPI)
       Reduction in CO2 emissions
Reduce by 3.63 million tons compared to 2009
Ratio of landfill disposal
Maintain zero emissions (less than 1%)
Zero serious occupational injuries (occupational fatalities)
Achieve TRIR of 1.0 or less (Number of occupational injuries of non-lost-time severity or greater per one million working hours)
100% participation rate in human rights training
Implementation of effective training based on human resource development plan
Women comprise at least 25% of newly hired graduates by fiscal 2020
Maintain employment rate of people with disabilities at 2.2% or higher
Maintain annual paid leave days taken at 80% or higher
Maintain 100% rate of return to work after childcare leave
Achieve cancer screening rate of 70% or higher
Conduct legal compliance inspections
Implement training on important laws and regulations
             For details, see our ESG Data Book
WEB ESG Data Book https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/report/
43 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Priority: High Priority from external perspective
Environmental Social Governance

 Stakeholder Engagement
The ENEOS Group conducts business activities through its relationships with stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, customers, business partners and employees. We actively engage in dialogue with stakeholders and work to ensure that our business activities meet their expectations and requirements.
 Shareholders and Investors
ENEOS Holdings is committed to the prompt, proper, and fair disclosure of information to shareholders and investors in accordance with its Disclosure Policy.
Main means of communication
• General meetings of shareholders, presentation meetings on financial results, information sessions for individual investors, and ESG briefings
• Disclosure of information through the Integrated Report, the ESG Data Book, shareholder reports, and our websites
 Customers
The ENEOS Group is committed to developing and delivering products and services that fulfill customer needs and expectations and earn customer trust and satisfaction.
Main means of communication
• Communications through marketing activities • Provision of safe, reliable, and valuable
products and services
• Disclosure of information on websites
• Inquiry channels through phone and websites
 Business Partners
The ENEOS Group makes purchasing information available to business partners on its websites, actively provides business opportunities, and strives to ensure fair business opportunities.
Main means of communication
• Communications through procurement activities
• Use of websites
• CSR procurement surveys
    NPOs/NGOs
The ENEOS Group has built cooperative relationships with NPOs and NGOs and actively undertakes environmental preser- vation and social contribution activities.
Main means of communication
• Collaboration on biodiversity preservation activities
• Collaboration on child-rearing support activities
• Verification from third-party perspective in human rights due diligence
  Local Communities/Global Society
The ENEOS Group strives to engage in res- ponsible corporate activities by responding to the needs and expectations of and engaging in active communication with the local com- munities in the areas where it conducts its business activities, as well as international society.
Main means of communication
• Information sessions for members of local communities, participation in and sponsorship of events
• Volunteer activities
• Establishment of support systems for oil-,
gas-, and copper-producing countries
• Involvement in international initiatives
  Employees
The ENEOS Group considers employees to be critical stakeholders in its operations and has established various systems to ensure that each employee can work with peace of mind and to his or her full potential.
Main means of communication
• Periodic dialogue between labor unions and management
• Dissemination of information through the Group employee magazine and the company intranet
• Periodic implementation of awareness surveys
• Dialogue between officers and employees utilizing training and other means
 Principal Declarations and Initiatives We Participate In and Support
UN Global Compact (UNGC)
Four Group companies—ENEOS Holdings, ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals—participate in the UN Global Compact, and support the compact’s 10 principles in the four categories of human rights, labor standards, the environment, and anti-corruption.
World Business Council For Sustainable Development (WBCSD)
CDP
Corporate Human Rights Benchmark (CHRB)
Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI)
IPIECA— a global oil and gas industry association for advancing environmental and social performance
Council for Better Corporate Citizenship (CBCC)
Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity (JBIB)
International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM)
      ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 44

 Environmental Initiatives
Special Feature
Contributing to a Low-Carbon Society
Basic Approach
As a corporate group that deals with energy, the ENEOS Group recognizes that climate change issues represent important business risks and opportunities. We believe that our response to these issues and the recognition of the value of our existence through solutions to these issues will enable us to continuously generate profits into the future. To clarify this direction, we established the following as our envisioned goals in our Long-Term Vision to 2040: (1) Become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia, (2) Create value by transforming our current business structure, and (3) Contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society. We also stated our intent to achieve carbon neutrality in terms of our own emissions.
To achieve our targets, we will use technological innovation for
Governance System for Climate Change
The ENEOS Group has established a Group CSR Council chaired by the president of ENEOS Holdings. This organization has deliber- ated on basic matters concerning the environment and has managed and evaluated activities from a cross-functional perspec- tive. Matters deliberated on and reported to the Group CSR Council are reported to the Executive Council and the Board of Directors, which fulfill their individual duties of supervision.
In fiscal 2019, risks and opportunities related to climate change, including medium- to long-term business strategies and the status of CO2 emissions reduction, were deliberated on by the Board of Directors, the Executive Council, and the Group CSR Council at least quarterly.
the advancement of lower-cost renewable energy, CO2-free hydrogen, CCS/CCUS, and a mobility business centered on EVs, as well as energy conservation made possible by the automated operation of plants and refineries.
In May 2019, ENEOS became a signatory of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommenda- tions, and we will now step up our disclosures concerning climate change. We are also working on new innovations, having endorsed the Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) Challenge Zero project in June 2020.
Frequency of deliberation in fiscal 2019
  Response to Climate Change and Link to Executive Compensation
Board of Directors:
Executive Council:
Group CSR Council: Deliberations and activity status report
Activity status report (May) and budget deliberations (March and September) Activity status report (May) and budget deliberations (March and September)
(April and October)
To further improve the effectiveness of ESG management and promote greater operating efficiencies, in fiscal 2020 we transitioned to a structure where the Executive Council will comprehensively deliberate on these matters as well as manage and evaluate the status of activities (see page 41).
 Executive compensation comprises three components: fixed compensation paid monthly, performance-based bonuses and share compensation. Bonuses and share compensation provide incentives for establishing highly competitive business strategies from a medium- to long-term perspective and improving share- holder value through the steady execution of these strategies.
We have added CO2 emission reduction volumes to the indicators used to determine share compensation for the Group’s officers (including Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members and executive officers) from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2022 (see page 60).
45 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
  
  Scenario Analysis
We regularly analyze the global and long-term outlook for energy demand using the World Energy Outlook (WEO) published by the International Energy Agency (IEA).
In the preparation of our Long-Term Vision, we conducted scenario analysis that also covered the Sustainable Development Scenarios (SDS), scenarios in which the world rapidly moves
away from carbon based on the goals of the Paris Agreement, based on the New Policy Scenario (NPS) in WEO2018.
Although demand for fuel oil in Japan is expected to decline by about half by 2040, demand in Asia is expected to remain strong, underpinned by the region’s economic growth.
Long-Term Global Trends and Envisioned Scenario in 2040 Based on Scenario Analysis
 Through scenario analysis, the Group identified three global trends: development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society; digital innovation; and lifestyle changes; as well as its envisioned scenario in 2040.
The scenario in 2040 includes the following: lower-cost renewable energy, a significant decline in gasoline-powered
Long-Term Global Trends
Development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
• Ever-increasing global warming concerns (extreme weather events and disasters worldwide)
• Rapidly decreasing cost of renewable energy and battery storage
• Natural resource conservation efforts worldwide (minor metals, plastic waste, etc.)
Digital innovation
• Rapid progress of Internet society and blockchain technology
• Dramatic improvement in productivity with IoT, AI, robotics, etc.
• Electrification (shift to EVs, autonomous driving, etc.)
Lifestyle changes
• Growing world economy, especially in Asia, and people seeking abundant life
• People active until 100 years old
• Congestion in urban areas and greater need for community development
• Growth of sharing economy, preference for experiences rather than material possessions
vehicles, the advancement of EVs and car sharing services, the spread of distributed power sources from solar power generation and storage cells, the expansion of the recycling infrastructure, and the emergence of diverse service providers who will make life more convenient and enriching.
Scenario in 2040
Low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
  Mass introduction of
Distributed energy resources with energy storage
Recycling technology and infrastructure for metals and plastic in place
renewable energy
EV, used for car sharing
and energy storage, replaces gasoline and diesel cars
    Various service providers help people enjoy a more comfortable life
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 46
  
Environmental Initiatives
SP Contributing to a Low-Carbon Society
Risks and Opportunities and Our Respo
In fiscal 2017, the Group introduced an ERM structure based on the COSO* ERM framework (see page 61). Following this process, we identified risks and opportunities related to climate change as outlined in the table below.
Risks and Opportunities Identified and Timeline
  Category
 Transition risks
Physical risks
Opportunities
Policies and laws
Rising retail prices of petroleum products due to the introduction of carbon taxes
Technology
Declining demand for in EV technologies
Market and reputation Declining demand for
Market Stranding of upstream petroleum assets
Acute risks
Increasing occurrence and severity of wind and flood damage caused by extreme weather events
Chronic risks Chronically rising sea level
Opportunities concerning resource efficiency
Increasing demand for recycling of resources
Building a Business Portfolio That Addresses
Examples
Rising demand for renewable energy and hydrogen and Opportunities concerning energy increasing demand for distributed energy
sources, products and services Rising demand for electronic materials
needed for electrification of society, including EVs
Opportunities concerning markets
Growing access to distributed energy markets due to digital innovation and changing lifestyles
Opportunities concerning resilience Improved reputation concerning the stable supply of energy and materials with the progression of climate change issues
The Group is accelerating its structural reforms to build a resilient business portfolio to enable it to respond to risks and opportuni- ties that have been identified and achieve sustainable growth.
In building our business portfolio, we have largely categorized the Group’s businesses into growth businesses, where we will increase strategic investment, and base businesses.
In our base business of petroleum refining and marketing, we will optimize the value chain and maximize cash flows through improved efficiencies and resilience while fulfilling our responsibility to provide a stable supply of energy, even if demand for petroleum products declines by half.
In our growth businesses, we will focus on five newly defined businesses where we will effectively concentrate our management resources (see pages 15 to 16).
47 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
nses
* Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) is an internal control framework released by the commission and adopted by countries around the world.
gasoline due to advancements
oil due to rising environmental awareness
Risks and Opportunities
Overview of Our Future Businesses to 2040
Pursue both strategic growth and cash flow maximization
Note: Bubbles show 2040 business portfolio image. Partially revised in May 2020
Timeline
Medium to long term
Medium to long term (declining demand already occurring)
Short term (declining demand already occurring)
Medium to long term
Short term (extreme weather events already increasing)
Medium to long term Medium to long term
Medium to long term
Medium to long term Medium to long term
   Add high value to petroleum
Petrochemicals
Enhance our technological capabilities
Act as a platform provider
Community Services
     Oil and Natural Gas E&P
Contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
Metal Resources Development, Petroleum Refining Copper Smelting and Refining
& Marketing
Materials
(Electronic materials, etc.)
Next-Generation Energy Supply
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
Stable supply of energy and optimization of value chain
 2019
Create value by transforming our current business structure 2040
                 Expectation
Growth businesses Base businesses Strategic investment Maximize cash flows

  Indicators and Targets
The Group has established a Medium-Term Environmental Management Plan for the period from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2022 and long-term environmental targets to fiscal 2030.
  Environmental Vision (Fiscal 2040)
The ENEOS Group aims to be carbon neutral in its own CO2 emissions in fiscal 2040. We will achieve this by strength- ening and expanding businesses that impose a low environmental burden and strengthening environmentally conscious businesses.
 Long-term environmental targets (Fiscal 2030)
We aim to reduce CO2 emissions by 10.17 million tons in fiscal 2030, compared to fiscal 2009, by pursuing energy conservation measures in business activities and pursuing sales and development of environmentally friendly products, including renewable energy, while also pursuing environmentally conscious businesses and contributing to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
 Medium-Term Environmental Management Plan
  Key themes
Basic initiatives
 Contribution to a low-carbon society
Pursuit of energy conservation measures in business activities
CO2 recovery in business activities
(Scope 1 and Scope 2)
Reduction of CO2 emissions in the supply chain (Scope 3)
Develop businesses in hydrogen and renewable energy
• Reduce CO2 emissions by 2.16 million tons compared to fiscal 2009 by pursuing energy conservation
• CCS/CCUS initiatives
• Reduce CO2 emissions of customers by 1.2 million tons compared to fiscal 2009 by promoting sale and develop- ment of environmentally friendly products*
• Develop hydrogen station business
• Develop renewable energy business
Total reduction of 920,000 tons from biomass, solar power, wind power and other forms of renewable energy
 Total CO2 emission reduction target: 4.28 million tons in fiscal 2022
   Concrete measures aimed at fiscal 2022
    * For details about our environmentally friendly products, see the following website. (Available in Japanese only) https://www.eneos.co.jp/ecoproducts/
Activities Contributing to the Realization of a Low-Carbon Society
Advancement of Renewable Energy Business
The ENEOS Group is actively advancing its renewable energy power generation business, which includes solar power, biomass, hydro power, and wind power.
We currently operate 18 mega solar power plants across Japan.
In May 2020, we began commercial operations at the Muroran Biomass Power Plant, Japan’s largest biomass power plant.
Outside Japan, we are participating in an offshore wind power project in Taiwan, which is scheduled to begin operations by December 2021.
Looking to the future, we aim to increase our renewable energy power generation capacity to one million kW from fiscal 2020 to 2022, the period of the second Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan, and to several million kW by around fiscal 2030.
Generation Capacity by Renewable Energy Source (as of June 2020)
46 MW 5 MW 4 MW
0.1 MW 68 MW
Power Generation (Actual) by Renewable Energy (Fiscal 2019)
55.46 million kWh 23.34 million kWh 4.09 million kWh 0.28 million kWh
 Solar (18 sites)
Hydro (1 site)
Wind (2 sites)
Geothermal (1 site)
Biomass (1 site)
        Solar
Hydro
Wind
Geothermal
      ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 48
  
 Environmental Initiatives
SP Contributing to a Low-Carbon Society
Success in the World’s First Technical Verification for the Low-Cost Manufacture of CO2-Free Hydrogen
In March 2019, ENEOS, together with Chiyoda Corporation, the University of Tokyo and Queensland University of Technology (QUT), successfully verified the world’s first technology to produce an organic hydride at low cost in Australia and extract hydrogen in Japan as part of its verification plan for fiscal 2020.
Conventionally, storing and transporting hydrogen requires the storage of hydrogen generated by water electrolysis in a tank and converting it to methylcyclohexane (MCH). In the verification
Growth Targets for Fuel Cell Vehicles (FCVs) and Hydrogen Stations
test, however, the organic hydride electrochemical synthesis method, which directly produces MCH from water and toluene, was used, which made it possible to greatly simplify the produc- tion process. In the future, this will make it possible to lower facilities costs related to MCH manufacture by around 50%.
Furthermore, CO2-free hydrogen, which does not emit CO2 during the production process, was successfully produced by using solar power generation to produce MCH.
Manufacturing Process for Organic Hydride Required for Hydrogen Transport
FCV cumulative sales (thousand vehicles)
Hydrogen stations (locations)
1,000
500
900
800
1,000
500
Conventional technology
Water electrolysis
Storage
Toluene hydrogenation
       160
about 50% Electrochemical
synthesis of organic hydride
320
Simplified from three processes to one, reducing facility costs by
200
040 0
 2020 2025
Expand infrastructure and increase growth of FCVs
2030
Market independence
(FY)
    Note: Prepared based on the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s Revised Strategic Road Map for Hydrogen and Fuel Cells (June 2016)
CCUS Project Achieves Both Reduction in CO2 Emissions and Increase in Crude Oil Production
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is participating in a CCUS project through a joint venture with a major power company in the United States. The project involves recovering CO2 emitted from a coal-fired thermal power plant and injecting it into a depleted oil field. The project’s CO2 recovery capacity is 4,776 tons per day,
the largest in the world for a plant that recovers CO2 from flue gas. We concluded joint study agreements on CCS technologies with PT Pertamina (Persero), Indonesia’s state-owned oil company, in October 2018, and with Petronas, Malaysia’s state-owned oil company, in March 2020.
CO2 Separation and Recovery in a Gas Field in Malaysia
 CO2 recovery
High-concentrate CO2 gas field
    49 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Electrolytic reduction of toluene
 CO2 recovery plant
  Water layer
CO2 transport via pipeline
CO2 injection Aging oil/gas field
      
  Verification Testing of Japan’s First Virtual Power Plant (VPP) at a Service Station (SS)
With an eye toward the increased use of renewable energy and the coming distributed energy society, ENEOS has positioned its next-generation energy supply and community services business, centered on the use of distributed power sources, as one of its growth businesses. Through the verification of VPPs to control energy resources, including energy storage systems and our own power generation facilities, we will acquire knowledge early on concerning electricity supply-demand coordination with the introduction of renewable energy and improve the profitability of our electricity business.
Examples of Verification Plan
VPP system
Energy management system (EMS)
Verification plan for fiscal 2020
• Verification of charge/discharge and control optimization of storage batteries to ensure effective use of solar power generated at service stations
• Verification using surplus capacity of our own power genera- tion facilities at refineries and plants
• Verification for optimal control of EVs and EV chargers • Verification using industrial energy storage system
Verification will involve storage facilities and solar power generation facilities installed at multiple service stations to examine charging/discharging of storage batteries where electricity generated by solar power is utilized effectively.
EMS EMS
        SS
Solar power generation facilities
Storage facilities
  Response to Physical Risks
During the capex planning stage, the Group examines risks associated with localized wind and flood damage caused by extreme weather events and rising sea levels, and takes action as necessary, including incorporating these risks into its business continuity plan (BCP).
For example, the 10 ENEOS refineries in Japan are geographically dispersed, resulting in a supply system where refineries in one area are able to offset to a certain degree any impacts that may arise if refineries in another area are unable to operate at full capacity.
Location of ENEOS Refineries and Plants
10 Refineries 3 Plants
Sakai
Mizushima
Marifu Chiba
Oita Kawasaki Tonen Chemical
Corporation, Kawasaki Negishi
Yokohama Chita Wakayama
Sendai
 Kashima Oil Co., Ltd., Kashima
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 50
  
Environmental Initiatives / Social Initiatives
 Development of a Recycling-Oriented Society
Reduction in landfill disposal
In fiscal 2019, waste totaled 1.829 million tons, and landfill waste after recycling and reuse efforts totaled 15 thousand tons. The waste-to-landfill ratio was 0.8%, indicating that we continue to achieve zero emissions (waste-to-landfill ratio of less than 1%).
Specific initiatives for waste reduction include using the collect- ed particulate matter and sludge released from oil refineries as raw materials for cement, and the repeated use of neutralized slag1 at our smelting and refining facilities. In addition, we use LCA method- ology2 in evaluating the development of certain lubricant products.
1 Neutralized slag: Product generated by the neutralization reaction in the smelting process. 2 LCA is an acronym for “life cycle assessment.” LCA methodology involves quantitatively evaluating the environmental effects of product manufacturing throughout the entire life
cycle, from procurement of raw materials to manufacturing, transport, use, and disposal.
Landfill Disposal Volume and Waste-to-Landfill Ratio
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress Not achieved
Waste-to-landfill ratio: 0.8%
    Initiative
  Example of Activities
Resource Recycling at Operating Companies
JX Nippon Mining & Metals conducts global business operations in non-ferrous metals, from resources development, smelting and refining to manufacture and sales of electronic materials and recycling of end-of-life equipment. Based on its technologies and track record established through the operation of mines and smelters, the company is engaged in the recycling and environmental services businesses. In its recycling business, the company recovers valuable metals such as copper and rare metals from end-of-life home appliances and electronic devices as well as from recycled materials such as metal scrap from factories. In its environmental services business, the company recovers valuable metals from industrial waste after treatment through partnerships with other companies within the Group. The basis of this business is zero emissions, where secondary waste is not produced. This contributes to the establishment of a recycling-oriented society globally.
Through collaboration with Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation and other efforts, ENEOS is conducting a verification trial for the utilization of refineries to recycle waste plastics into oil.
For related information, see pages 81 to 84.
Landfill disposal volume (Tons)
20,000
11,765
10,000 9,304
0.7 0.6
14,035
Waste-to-landfill ratio (%) 2.0
15,151
0.8
00
2016 2017 2018
Social Initiatives
Ensuring Safety
Initiative
Reduction in occupational injuries
2019 (FY)
Target (KPI)
Zero serious occupational injuries3
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress
Fiscal 2019 Results/Progress
0
Not achieved
1.0
      In fiscal 2017, we adopted Group-wide safety efforts as counter- measures against occupational injuries that occur with greater frequency or which are likely to lead to serious occupational injuries, and are making further efforts to prevent their occur- rence. In fiscal 2019, we adopted important countermeasures for the three most important safety efforts (at right) as common initiative guidelines for preventing serious occupational accidents. At each production site of ENEOS and JX Nippon Mining & Metals, we have installed hazard simulation equipment, and
employees, including those of contractor companies, must undergo training using this equipment before they can begin actual work.
Focus Efforts
• Separating people and heavy machinery • Preventing falls
• Preventing heatstroke
51 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Target (KPI)
Landfill disposal ratio
Maintain zero emissions (less than 1%)
Fiscal 2019 Results/Progress
  0.9
3 Occupational fatalities

Occupational Injury Frequency Rate and Severity Rate4
Number of Occupational Injuries5
Frequency rate (ENEOS Group) Severity rate (ENEOS Group)
2
1
Frequency rate (industry average [MHLW survey]) Severity rate (industry average [MHLW survey])
Fatalities (directly employed) Fatalities (contractors)
(Incidents)
30
20 18
Lost work time (directly employed) Lost work time (contractors)
1.83
0.29 0.39 0.09 0.09
4 Scope of data: The refineries, plants, and business sites of our principal operating companies (ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, JX Nippon Mining & Metals)
1.63
1.66
1.80
0.09 0.00
2019
26
   0.40 0.10
1 1 0 0
2016 2017
0 0
2018 2019 (FY)
10
0
16
20 18 9 3
 0 0.01 0.01 0.00 2016 2017 2018
(FY)
     5 Scope of data: Principal operating companies
 Example of Activities
Initiatives for Improving Human Skills
For many years, we have focused on training to arm employees with the knowledge and technical skills needed to implement procedures and rules without fail in an effort to eliminate human factors in occupational accidents. As an additional countermeasure for ensuring a higher level of safety, we are working to improve awareness and non-technical skills, including status confirmation of work environments and joint communi- cations between workers. At ENEOS, we refer to these non-technical
skills as human skills, and we have created activity guidelines for improving human skills in manufacturing divisions. At all of our plants and refineries, top management shares the importance of human skills. We have also put into place a system for the implementation of various forms of education and training and the integration of the resulting skills and knowledge into existing daily safety activities in the workplace. In this manner, we are improving the human skills of all employees.
 Respect for Human Rights
Initiative
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress
Fiscal 2019 Results/Progress
100%
Not achieved
  Human rights awareness 100% participation rate in human rights training
Target (KPI)
 Respect for human rights is stipulated in our Code of Conduct and we have established a human rights policy. To ensure an awareness of human rights in each and every officer and employ-
ee, we continually check the effectiveness of training. In fiscal 2019, we held human rights training for all officers and employ- ees, with a participation rate of 100%.
 Example of Activities
Initiatives for Business and Human Rights
The ENEOS Group became subject to assessment by the Corporate Human Rights Benchmark (CHRB), an international business and human rights initiative, in 2019. We hold ongoing discussions with CHRB to ensure that we carry out initiatives and information disclosure in line with its requirements. In fiscal 2019, we carried out human rights due diligence based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We verified whether there were any cases of human rights violations by the Group involving employees or the relevant stakeholders. As a result, harassment and discrimination were identified
as latent and important risks at our sites worldwide. We will continue with our training programs and strengthen our reporting hotlines and their operations.
For the results of CHRB’s assess- ment for fiscal 2019, please see the website below.
Corporate Human Rights Benchmark https://www.corporatebenchmark.org/
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 52

Social Initiatives
 Human Resource Development
Development of human resources capable of enhancing corporate value
The ENEOS Group provides training to improve employee skill levels and raise employee awareness in accordance with the Basic Policy on Human Resources Development (see below). We offer basic training required based on employees’ career stage, leader- ship training for candidates for future management positions, skill-up training where employees receive recommendations to advance their skills and career, and self-development programs where employees take the lead in self-led growth opportunities. In addition to standard programs, we also design training programs tailored to individual employees, which enables us to train and educate our people effectively.
From fiscal 2020, we will foster human resources who can pursue transformation under the second Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan. In addition, while changing some classification-leveled training programs to an elective format, we have expanded open seminars for self-development. In this manner, we are supporting the self-led career development of our people.
Candidates for senior management positions need to be developed more systematically and strategically than before. We
Number of Hours of Training in Fiscal 20191 (Hours) Total training hours Training hours per employee
124,176 10.9
1 Number of hours of internal group training and external training organized by the human resources departments of ENEOS Holdings and its principal operating companies, aggregated for each employer.
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress
Completed
Not achieved
    Initiative
Target (KPI)
Implementation of effective training based on human resource development plan
Fiscal 2019 Results/Progress
 will work toward the development of management talent, which is an issue for ENEOS Holdings and its principal operating companies. We will broadly identify qualified candidates from an early stage and develop them so that they can fully contribute their skills in the future.
Workflow for the Selection and Development of Management Resources
 Identify management resources using
1 impartial and objective measures, taking into
Selection
account the ideal attributes for senior management positions.
 Establish effective development processes and
individual development plans for each person. 2 • On-the-job training (interdivision transfers,
 Planning and Development
challenging assignments, etc.)
• Off-the-job training (in-house classifica-
tion-leveled selection for training, enrollment in business schools in Japan and overseas, etc.)
   3
Verification
The Human Resource Development Council, comprising senior management, examines the qualifications of human resources for manage- ment from multiple angles and implements the PDCA cycle for their development plans.
  Basic Policy on Human Resources Development
We will continuously and systematically develop human resources to secure talent capable of tackling challenges globally with the spirit of creativity and innovation.
We will carefully develop employees with a strong awareness of the Group’s mission and our five core values, a strong sense of ethics and a willingness to take on challenges.
We will develop human resources who will help us enhance corporate value over the medium to long term in order to strengthen our management foundation.
We maintain various functions and roles based on the business format and organization of the company. Each of these is indispensable to the
operations of the company, and we will promote appropriate develop- ment efforts to ensure that all employees can contribute to the organiza- tion by maximizing their capabilities.
We will establish systems for actively supporting employees looking to grow themselves by promoting diverse development and growth tailored to each employee’s aptitude.
We believe that supporting the growth of our diverse workforce will help to invigorate company organizations, thereby strengthening our competi- tiveness. We respect the individuality of each and every employee and support the self-led growth of employees tailored to their aptitude.
53 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

 Healthy Work Environment
Promotion of diversity and inclusion
Promotion of work-life management
Health enhancement
In order to support the career development and growth of female employees, the ENEOS Group is working to improve working styles and change awareness, and has also put various systems in place for all employees, including male employees. Our focus is to create a workplace environment conducive to work-life balance, not only by expanding work-life balance support systems, but also through efforts such as holding seminars for managers and employees. We are also promoting the empower- ment of people with disabilities by assigning individuals based on their personality and aptitude, as we consider disability to be one of many characteristics that make up a person’s individuality.
Encouraging employees to take annual paid leave is one of
Employment Status of Female Employees2 (As of March 31, 20203)
Percentage of total 14.3% 11.4%
3.2% 18.8%
17.0 years (Difference in average years of service between male and female employees: 2.1 years)
2 Scope of data: on number of female directors is from ENEOS Holdings; other data is from ENEOS Holdings and principal operating companies.
3 Data on number of female directors only is as of June 26, 2020.
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress
Not achieved
28.5% 2.36% 92.3% 100% 65%
 The Group’s Top Priorities
Initiative
Advancement of women in the workplace
Advancement of employees with disabilities
Promotion of workstyle reforms
Utilization of work-life balance support systems/programs
Ensure health of employees
Target (KPI)
Women comprise at least 25% of newly hired graduates
Maintain employment rate of people with disabilities at 2.2% or higher
Maintain annual paid leave days taken at 80% or higher
Maintain 100% rate of return to work after childcare leave
Achieve cancer screening rate of 70% or higher
Fiscal 2019 Results/Progress
         our measures for a ensuring a healthy work environment. While raising awareness in each organization of the company about planning for and taking paid leave, we strive to foster a culture where it is easy to take paid leave by encouraging employees to take consecutive paid leave days and designate one day a year as a personal “memorial day” to take paid leave. We are also actively promoting health improvement by increasing the examination rate for regular health checkups and cancer screen- ings, preventing infectious diseases and implementing measures for mental health. These efforts were recognized with our selection as a brand of the Health & Productivity Stock Selection for the second consecutive year.
The Company and its principal operating companies have been selected for inclusion in the White 500, Japan’s top 500 companies under the large enterprise category in terms of health and productivity management, for three consecutive years.
Percentage of Annual Paid Leave Days Taken4
 Category
Number of female employees
Newly hired employees
85
All employees
1,263
Managers
91
Directors
3
    (%)
100 83.3
50
0
2018 2019 (FY) 4 Scope of data: ENEOS Holdings and principal operating companies
84.0 90.0 92.3
    Average years of service for female employees
  2016 2017
 Example of Activities
Flexible Operation of Work Systems to Prevent the Spread of COVID-19
During the COVID-19 pandemic, we worked to fulfill our responsibilities as a business involved in maintaining societal functions while keeping our employees and their families from becoming infected with COVID-19 as a top priority. We eased restrictions and expanded work systems to allow employees to work from home more flexibly. Around 85% of our office staff worked from home (as of May 2020).
Looking ahead, we will continue to promote remote working, not as an initiative to prevent the spread of the virus, but to create greater variation in working styles.
In addition, we are taking thorough steps to prevent the spread of the virus among employees whose jobs require them to work from one of our physical business locations.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 54

Corporate Governance
 Basic Approach and Framework
Basic Policy on Corporate Governance
To achieve sustainable growth and increase the corporate value of the ENEOS Group over the medium to long term, the Company established the Basic Policy on Corporate Gover- nance of the ENEOS Group with the objective of establishing and operating a corporate governance framework for the conduct of transparent, fair, timely, and decisive decision-mak- ing in the Group’s management. The policy describes system- atically and comprehensively the Group’s basic approach to corporate governance as well as its establishment and opera- tion, taking into consideration the Corporate Governance Code established by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The basic policy is published on the Company’s website as our commitment to all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, business
partners, employees, and local communities.
Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
By appropriately establishing and carrying out corporate gover- nance, the Group works to realize the ENEOS Group Philosophy in order to achieve sustainable growth and increase its corporate value over the medium to long term. Based on this recognition, the Company has established and carries out the corporate governance of the Group as follows.
Corporate Governance Framework (As of June 25, 2020)
General Meeting of Shareholders
Basic Policy on Corporate Governance of the ENEOS Group
WEB https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/governance/pdf/system01.pdf WEB Corporate Governance Report (Available in Japanese only)
https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/csr/governance/pdf/system_governance_report.pdf
  ENEOS Holdings
Election and removal of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members and directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Election and removal of independent auditors
  Board of Directors
(Chaired by representative director, chairman of the board)
11 directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members (3 of whom are outside directors)
5 directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
(3 of whom are outside directors)
Audit
Reporting on results of monitoring of the internal control system
(Audit firm) Collaboration
         Submission
Delegation of decisions on important business execution matters
 Representative director, president
Discussion
Monitoring of
Approval the internal Resolution
control system
   Nomination Advisory Committee
(Chaired by outside director)
Compensation Advisory Committee
(Chaired by outside director)
Executive Council
(Chaired by representative director, president)
 Audit and Supervisory Committee
5 directors who are
Audit and Supervisory Committee members
(3 of whom are outside directors)
 Supervision
Supervision
Audit
Independent Auditors
    Election and removal of executive officers
Financial audit
 Business Execution
Executive Officers
 Internal Audit
Department
(Internal Audit Division)
  Internal audit
 Management supervision + Internal control of corporate group
 Group Companies
  Principal Operating Companies
Other Group Companies
   ENEOS JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration JX Nippon Mining & Metals
55 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Recommendation Consultation
Recommendation Consultation
Collaboration
Collaboration

 Strengthening Corporate Governance
Ratio of outside directors (independent)
25.0%
4 of 16
33.3%
6 of 18
35.3%
6 of 17
37.5%
6 of 16
   Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2019
Fiscal 2020
Initiatives and Achievements
Launch of the JXTG Group (April) Introduction of stock compensation plan
Transition to a company with an audit and supervisory committee
Revision of the Basic Policy on Corporate Governance (cross shareholdings, appointments and dismissals, succession plan, etc.)
Elimination of Senior Executive Advisor and Advisor system
Change to the ENEOS Group (June)
(Shift to effectively operating as a holding company)
Adoption of performance-linked stock compensation plan
Ratio of female directors
6.3%
1 of 16
11.1%
2 of 18
17.6%
3 of 17
18.8%
3 of 16
                 Corporate Governance Framework at a Glance (As of June 25, 2020)
 Item
Details
  Organization format
Number of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members Number of directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members Total number of directors
Percentage of outside (independent) directors
Percentage of female directors
Term of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members Term of directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members Adoption of executive officer system
Institution assisting the president’s decision-making
Voluntary advisory committees for the Board of Directors
Company with an audit and supervisory committee 11 (8 inside, 3 outside)
5 (2 inside, 3 outside)
16 (10 inside, 6 outside; 3 female directors)
37.5%
18.8%
1 year
2 years
Yes
Executive Council
Nomination Advisory Committee and Compensation Advisory Committee
           ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 56

Corporate Governance
Composition of Nomination Advisory Committee and Compensation Advisory Committee1 and Fiscal 2019 Results
 Nomination Advisory Committee
To ensure the transparency of the process for determining the director candidates of the Company, the Nomination Advisory Committee has been established to provide advice to the Board of Directors about personnel matters involving the Company’s directors (including appointment and dismissal). The Nomination Advisory Committee comprises three outside directors and two representative directors, and one of the outside directors on the committee acts as chairperson. The Company’s Board of Directors receives advice from the Nomination Advisory Committee regarding succession planning for the Company’s chairman and president and for the presidents of the principal operating companies.
Outside director (Otsuka Mutsutake) 2
Representative directors: 2 (Sugimori Tsutomu, Ota Katsuyuki) 2 Outside directors: 3
(Otsuka Mutsutake, Ota Hiroko, Miyata Yoshiiku) 2
Ensure the transparency of the process for determining director candidates
The committee met five times and deliberated on matters including personnel proposals on candidates for directors of the Company and succession planning.
Compensation Advisory Committee
    Summary
Chairperson
Members
(including chairperson)
Purpose
Results for fiscal 2019
To ensure the transparency and objectivity of the process for determining the compensation and other benefits for directors and executive officers, the Compensation Advisory Committee has been established to provide advice to the Board of Directors. The Compensation Advisory Committee comprises three outside directors and two representative directors, and one of the outside directors on the committee acts as chairperson. The Board of Directors requests the Compensation Advisory Committee to advise on policies for determining the compensation and other benefits for directors and executive officers, as well as the executive compensa- tion plan and compensation amount.
Outside director (Otsuka Mutsutake) 2
Representative directors: 2 (Sugimori Tsutomu, Ota Katsuyuki) 2 Outside directors: 3
(Otsuka Mutsutake, Ota Hiroko, Miyata Yoshiiku) 2
Ensure the transparency and objectivity of the process for determining the compensation and other benefits for directors and executive officers
The committee met five times and deliberated on matters including the executive compensation plan, executive compen- sation levels, and stock compensation plan.
     1 Composition of the Nomination Advisory Committee and Compensation Advisory Committee as of June 25, 2020 2 For officer profiles, see pages 65 to 68.
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
 The Company’s Board of Directors surveyed all directors, includ- ing outside directors, from November 2019 to January 2020 to evaluate the Board’s effectiveness. The survey results and analysis of the results were reported to all directors on April 22, 2020.
Process for Evaluation of Effectiveness
All of the survey questions received positive responses, and the results indicated that the Board of Directors generally contin- ues to be effective.
Areas cited as needing improvement included strengthening of the oversight function and further separation of business management and execution.
   Survey of all directors (inside and outside)
Self-evaluation by the Board of Directors
Improvements based on evaluation results
    Period
November 2019 to January 2020
Recipients
All 17 directors
Topics
• Board of Directors composition and governance system
• Supervision by the Board of Directors
• Discussions of management strategy
• Management of the Board of Directors
• Culture of the Board of Directors
• Dialogue with shareholders
Survey results
 57 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
All of the questions received positive responses
Strengths
• Implementation of measures for more effective discussion, including better feedback from dialogue with shareholders and more in-depth discussion about the Long-Term Vision and Medium-Term Management Plan
• Explanations provided well in advance to outside Board of Directors members
Areas for improvement
• Strengthening of the oversight function
• Further separation of business management and execution
The Board of Directors generally continues to be effective.

 Policy for Appointing Director Candidates
The Company strives to appoint independent outside directors3 to at least one-third of director positions. As of June 25, 2020, the percentage of outside independent officers was 37.5%.
As for directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members, the Company appoints persons with high standards of business ethics, superior strategic thinking and judgment capabil- ities, and flexible attitudes toward change, as well as the ability to supervise decision-making and management from the viewpoint of what is best for the Group as a whole. Two or more of the directors are independent outside directors.
As for directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members, the Company appoints persons with high standards of business ethics, a certain level of specialist knowledge in legal affairs, finance and accounting, as well as the ability to appropri- ately audit the execution of duties by directors and the ability to appropriately supervise the execution of business. The majority of these directors are independent outside directors.
3 The term “independent outside director” refers to outside directors who have satisfied the Company’s “Criteria for Assessing the Independence of Independent Officers.”
Support System for Outside Directors
Each of the three outside directors who are not Audit and Supervi- sory Committee members and the three outside directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members meet the indepen- dence standards based on the rules of the Tokyo and Nagoya stock exchanges, on which the Company is listed. The Company sends materials regarding the agenda of meetings of the Board of Directors to the outside directors, in principle, three days prior to meetings, and also provides explanations to the outside directors about important agenda items before the meetings. To enhance the auditing function by all Audit and Supervisory Committee members, including outside directors, the Company has established the Office of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, which is clearly independent from the chain of command for divisions responsible for business execution (including personnel evaluations). Full-time staff members have been assigned to the office to assist with the duties of the Audit and Supervisory Committee members. The Board Members’ Support Office, with full-time staff members, has also been established to assist outside directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members with business execution.
 Training for Directors and Corporate Auditors of Principal Operating Companies
The directors of the Company and principal operating companies and the corporate auditors of principal operating companies have the duty of working toward the realization of the Group Philoso- phy, the sustainable growth of the ENEOS Group, and the achievement of increased corporate value over the medium to long term. To that end, to support efforts to enhance necessary knowledge and skills, the Company and its principal operating companies provide opportunities for directors and corporate
Training for Outside Directors (Fiscal 2019 and Fiscal 2020) Corporate governance
Internal control
ENEOS (JXTG) Holdings and principal operating companies
Finance and investor relations Worksite inspection tours
auditors to receive training related to the Companies Act, internal control systems, accounting and taxes, business strategies, and organizations. In addition, the Company pays for expenses arising from self-study initiatives. When outside directors are appointed, the Company provides explanations of basic matters regarding the Group’s businesses, and after their appointment, the Compa- ny offers business presentations and worksite inspection tours to deepen their understanding.
ENEOS (JXTG) Group corporate governance
ENEOS (JXTG) Group internal control systems
Basic knowledge about ENEOS (JXTG) Holdings and its operating companies: ENEOS (JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy), JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals
Current status and issues regarding ENEOS (JXTG) Holdings’ financial affairs, opinions of institutional investors, etc.
(JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy) Central Technical Research Laboratory, Negishi Refinery
 Topic
Intended for
Newly appointed directors
Newly appointed directors
Newly appointed directors
Newly appointed directors
All directors
Timing (fiscal year)
2019/2020
2019/2020
2019/2020
2019/2020
2019
Content of training
          ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 58

Corporate Governance
 Determination of Director Compensation
Director compensation is set based on the following guidelines.
(1) Directors Who Are Not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members (Excluding Outside Directors)
Compensation for directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors) comprises three components: fixed compensation paid monthly based on role, bonuses whose amounts fluctuate based on performance, and performance-linked stock compensation. This is a balanced compensation system that reflects the Company’s business performance for the business year as well as shareholder value over the medium to long term in compensation amounts.
(2) Outside Directors Who Are Not Audit and Supervisory Committee Members
Compensation for outside directors who are not Audit and Super- visory Committee members is a monthly compensation in view of their roles as advisors and supervisors to management as well as the supervisory function in general management from an indepen- dent and objective standpoint.
(3) Directors Who Are Audit and Supervisory Committee Members (Including Outside Directors)
Compensation for directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members is a monthly compensation in consideration of the independence of their duties.
Maximum Director Compensation
Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Amount of Compensation and Other Benefits for Each Category of Officer (Fiscal 2019)
Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors)
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors)
Outside directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Outside directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
(4) Reference
The policy for determining compensation and other benefits for directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors) is determined by resolution of the Board of Directors after deliberation and recommendation by the Compensation Advisory Committee (comprising three outside directors and two representative directors, and chaired by an outside director). The Board of Directors allows one Audit and Supervisory Committee member selected by the Audit and Supervisory Committee to attend meetings to ensure the commit- tee is able to express its views concerning the compensation of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members at general meetings of shareholders.
Stock Compensation Plan
The Company introduced a stock compensation plan for directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors) in fiscal 2017. The stock compensation plan uses a mechanism called Board Incentive Plan Trust (BIP Trust). The plan covers the period of execution of the duties of the directors over three consecutive fiscal years and entitles directors to receive Company shares based on the fulfillment of their roles and perfor- mance targets with the option of receiving a monetary amount equivalent to 50% of the value of the shares upon conversion.
 Category
Type
Monthly compensation and bonus
Stock compensation
Monthly compensation
Maximum amount
Maximum of 1.1 billion yen per fiscal year
(Outside directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members: 200 million yen)
Three fiscal years
Maximum Company contribution to the trust: 1.5 billion yen Maximum number of shares provided to the individual:
6 million (6 million points)
Maximum of 200 million yen per fiscal year
Resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders
    8th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
10th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
8th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
12 − − −
    Category
Total amount of compensation and other benefits (Million yen)
68
43
40
Total amount of compensation and other benefits by type (Million yen)
68
43
40
−
−
−
Number of eligible officers
12
2
3
4
Total amount of compensation and other benefits by type (Million yen)
−
−
−
Number of eligible officers
  398
Fixed compensation
285
Bonus
36
Stock compensation
77
           59 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

 Revision to the Stock Compensation Plan
At the 10th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 25, 2020, the Company revised the stock compensation plan (see page 59) to make it more performance-based. The purpose of the revision was to further enhance the link between the compensation structure of the recipient and the medium- and long-term management strategy, to increase recipient awareness of contributing to the enhancement of corporate value and cultivating shareholder-oriented management, and to promote initiatives to protect the environment and create a sustainable society.
The revision sets a range of 0–200% in the volume of Company shares that will be provided to a recipient depending on the degree of fulfillment of the performance targets. The Compensation Advisory Committee will deliberate the indicators, target values, and composi- tion ratios to be used as performance targets. The indicators for the three fiscal years from 2020 to 2022 are operating income (excluding inventory valuation), free cash flow, net D/E ratio, ROE, total return ratio, and CO2 emissions reduction.
 Governance of Listed Subsidiaries
The Company maintains ENEOS Corporation, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation, its principal operating companies, as wholly owned subsidiaries, and maintains other Group companies as wholly owned subsidiaries, listed subsidiaries, or other types of entities based on the need to maintain or expand its businesses. The policy of the Board of Directors is to regularly examine the appro- priateness of maintaining a company as a listed subsidiary from the perspective of improving the Group’s overall corporate value and capital efficiency, to consider the reasonableness of maintain- ing the listed company status, and to deliberate on the effective- ness of the listed subsidiary’s governance system.
ENEOS Holdings is the parent company of the listed company NIPPO Corporation. The company is maintained as a subsidiary because it is the leading company in the Japanese road paving industry in terms of its business scale and revenues and because it holds an important position in the ENEOS Group business portfolio. Due to the nature of the Group’s businesses, fluctuations in the prices of resources can greatly impact business performance, and the company provides a stable source of high earnings that helps mitigate the risk of a major impact on the Group’s financial standing and contributes to the Group’s efforts to maximize its corporate value.
The company offers ample potential for synergy effects through its leading technical expertise in the pavement and construction businesses, collaboration in the development of recyclable asphalt modifiers, and its paving systems for solar power generation, all of which have potential applications in community services as described in our Long-Term Vision.
We also believe that maintaining the company’s status as a listed company makes sense because it makes the company better able to sustain and enhance employee motivation and attract talented human resources as the leader in its field.
Our wholly owned subsidiary JX Nippon Mining & Metals is the parent company of the listed company Toho Titanium Co., Ltd.
JX Nippon Mining & Metals focuses on businesses where it uses its technologies in advanced materials and other areas for a competitive advantage in the global market, and it uses these businesses as the core driver of its growth strategy. Toho Titanium supplies important high-quality materials that are essen- tial for the focus businesses to maintain competitiveness, such as high-purity titanium for the thin film materials business. Toho Titanium also collaborates closely with us to create and develop next-generation product lines in the advanced materials field, where product life cycles are becoming increasingly shorter. For these reasons, management considers it essential to maintain Toho Titanium as a subsidiary.
We believe that maintaining the company’s status as a listed subsidiary makes sense due to the necessity for the company to be able to flexibly procure funds directly from the capital markets to maximize synergies and because it makes the company better able to sustain and enhance employee motivation and attract talented human resources.
The following policies concerning the authority to appoint and dismiss independent outside directors of listed subsidiaries have been adopted to ensure effective governance systems that give due consideration to the interests of general shareholders of our listed subsidiaries.
(1) Exercise of Appointment Authority
A. More than one-third of directors shall be independent outside directors. If difficult to immediately put into effect, a mechanism will be introduced for a committee made up primarily of independent outside directors to discuss and consider import- ant business transactions involving conflict of interest.
B. Prerequisites for Independent Outside Directors
i. Strong professional ethics, excellent strategic thinking and judgment, flexibility to change, and the ability to make decisions and supervise the management of a listed subsidiary ii. Not employed by a company in the ENEOS Group within
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 60

Corporate Governance
the past 10 years
iii. Ability to contribute to raising the corporate value of the
listed subsidiary, taking into account the protection of the common interest of shareholders, including general shareholders, from an independent standpoint
(2) Exercise of Dismissal Authority
Voting rights will be exercised to dismiss an independent outside director if any of the following conditions occur and in accor- dance with the decision of the Board of Directors of the relevant
Risk Management
The ENEOS Group has introduced an enterprise risk manage- ment (ERM) system to facilitate appropriate responses to management risks.
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
In fiscal 2017, the Corporate Planning Department began develop- ing and implementing an ERM structure based on the COSO ERM framework. Specifically, giving thought to the result of interviews to officers and managers, and future changes in the social and economic situation, we determine specific risk events that could affect the Group and calculate the impact and probability of these risks in accordance with assessment criteria. The Executive Council then selects certain risks as material risk events, and after review and implementation of countermeasures by the depart- ments responsible for the risks, reports are made to the Executive Council and the Board of Directors on the status of review and implementation of countermeasures (see pages 41 to 42).
In fiscal 2020, management continues to identify, assess, and respond to risks in accordance with the Risk Management Regulations for Group Management and Operational Guide- lines adopted on April 1, 2019. Our principal operating compa- nies, ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals, have established and are operating risk management systems tailored to their individual business operations and characteristics.
Departments in charge of risk management of the Company and its principal operating companies work closely together to share information on risks. If a risk event that could seriously impact the Group’s management is identified at a principal operating company, a system is in place in which both the principal operating company responsible for the risk event and the Company work together to implement countermeasures.
Internal Control
The Company has established and operates an internal control system to ensure appropriate operations based on the ENEOS
listed subsidiary.
i.
A serious violation of laws or regulations that materially damages the reputation of the ENEOS Group or a listed subsidiary group
ii. Malicious intent or gross negligence in the execution of duties that causes significant damage to the ENEOS Group or a listed subsidiary group
iii. Actions that cause significant damage to the interests of general shareholders
Group Philosophy and the Code of Conduct. The Board of Directors formulated the Basic Policy on Internal Control System and monitors the status of operation of this system.
The Internal Control Department supervises the maintenance and operation of the internal control system for the Group. Internal controls stipulated in the Companies Act and the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act are included in the Company’s internal control system. Based on the globally standardized COSO framework, the Company is building and reinforcing auton- omous internal control systems for each organization using risk-based PDCA cycles that can flexibly respond to the changing business environment. The rollout of these internal control systems began in fiscal 2018 at the Company and ENEOS, and since the general completion of deployment in fiscal 2019, the monitoring phase of the PDCA cycle has started and systems are being sequentially deployed for other Group companies.
We are also carrying out internal control activities in conjunc- tion with risk management activities based on the risk manage- ment regulations of each Group company. In fiscal 2020, we will create a risk database to use our collected data to identify important risk areas and trends to strengthen risk management in our management and business activities.
WEB The ENEOS Group Basic Policy on Internal Control System https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/company/system/pdf/policy.pdf
Internal Control System
Enterprise risk management (ERM) system
Management strategy
Internal control system
  61 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Internal control at each organization
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act/ Internal control
Companies Act/ Internal control

Comprehensive Internal Control Structure
With the change in the Group’s management structure in June 2020, the functions of the Internal Control Council were integrated into the Executive Council to form a comprehen- sive management structure that includes risk management and response to ESG issues (see pages 41 to 42).
In addition, in June 2020 the committees for internal control and compliance were integrated to form the ENEOS Group Internal Control and Compliance Committee, which is chaired by the officer responsible for the Internal Control Department, and vice-chaired by the officer responsible for the Legal & Corporate Affairs Department. In consultation with and under the supervision of the Executive Council, the committee provides unified confirmation and evaluation of the status and operation of internal controls and compliance activities and reports and makes recommendations to the Executive Council on policies and other matters.
Comprehensive Internal Control and Compliance Structure
in each of these stages. During screening, we clarify various risks, including ESG-related risks, using sensitivity analysis and case analysis among other means and take steps to minimize risks. For important investments, follow-up is carried out after a certain period of time has passed to clarify impacts on the initial outlook caused by environmental changes or other factors and to determine whether to continue with the project.
ESG-related risks and issues for existing businesses are managed and monitored through effective discussion in the Executive Council.
In fiscal 2019, the Company established the Cyber Security Council and the Cyber Security Committee as a structure for the advancement of cyber security.
Crisis Management
When crises or emergency situations arise that could significant- ly affect the management of the Group, the Company exercises overall control and has prepared the Rules for Responding to Crises and Emergencies, which specifies measures to be taken to minimize any damage that may occur.
The Crisis Management Department of the Company functions as the standing organizational unit in charge of crisis response and management. The general manager of this department acts as head of this crisis response unit, and when such situations arise at the Company or Group compa- nies, operating procedures require that the situation and measures to be taken be reported immediately to the head of the crisis response unit.
Infectious Disease Prevention Measures
The Group’s basic policy is to (1) place the highest priority on respect for human life and make every effort to protect against and prevent the spread of infectious diseases to the Group’s officers, employees and their families, and (2) engage all Group companies in maintaining a continuous supply of our products, such as petroleum products, that support the functioning of society. When an infectious disease epidemic occurs, we set up a response headquarters headed by the president. ENEOS has a business continuity plan and a full system in place to ensure that we can fulfill our responsibility to provide a stable supply of petroleum products during an epidemic.
The Group is implementing measures to prevent infection and the spread of infection among employees. At our domestic and overseas business sites, we have systematically stockpiled surgical masks, goggles, alcohol-based disinfectants and other sanitary provisions, and we have personnel systems and IT structures in place to accommodate working from home.
These preparations enabled us to take prompt countermea- sures when the COVID-19 pandemic occurred in early 2020.
 Board of Directors
(Formulation of basic internal control policy)
Reporting
Reporting, recommendation
Monitoring, supervision
Supervision, consultation
 Executive Council
 ENEOS Group Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Evaluation of the status and operation of ENEOS Group internal controls and compliance activities, and reporting to the Executive Council on policies and other matters
Risk Assessment of Business Activities
The Group has company rules and regulations for addressing the various kinds of risks in its business activities. For the screening of new investments, in addition to country risks and foreign exchange rate risks, we analyze and evaluate ESG-re- lated risks, including environmental risks such as those related to the scope of response to biodiversity and environmental regulations, risks in the procurement of raw materials including water, and human resources risks including human rights, along with occupational health and safety aspects. Based on this, appropriate actions are taken when necessary.
For example, when reviewing a potential investment, we perform screenings based on the stage-gate system prior to reaching a final decision. The objective of the stage-gate system is to narrow down important projects for the advancement of business strategies in an efficient manner. Under this system, processes from initial review to execution are broken down into stages of review. In turn, gates are set up that must be cleared
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 62

 Corporate Governance
Information Security
Company information is an important asset of the Group, and we work to prevent the improper use, disclosure, or leakage of this information in accordance with the ENEOS Group Basic Rules for Information Security. The Group also strives to maintain information accuracy and reliability and to prevent falsification or mishandling while ensuring that information is available to authorized users when needed.
Compliance
The ENEOS Group is committed to thorough compliance and has designated high ethical standards as a core element of the Group Philosophy and the Group Code of Conduct.
Compliance Structure
With the change in the Group’s management structure in June 2020, the Executive Council was put in charge of all manage- ment functions, including risk management and response to ESG issues. The Internal Control and Compliance Committee was also established under the Executive Council for more integrated and efficient management of internal control and compliance activities (see “Comprehensive Internal Control Structure” on page 62).
Internal Reporting System (Compliance Hotline)
To enable prompt detection and corrective action in the event of legal violations, the Group’s main companies maintain internal reporting systems (compliance hotlines) for their employees and those of contractor companies. The systems allow for anony- mous reporting and also facilitate contact with law firms outside the companies. We have also introduced internal reporting systems, including some systems with multilingual capabilities, at overseas subsidiaries where we have 50% or higher owner- ship. In fiscal 2019, the Group recorded 67 reports via its internal reporting systems.
Compliance Inspections
The Group conducts annual compliance inspections to ascertain the status of legal compliance. Managers at all worksites interview each member of their staff to identify compli- ance issues across the entire scope of operations. The Group actively pursues questions and concerns and formulates and executes measures to resolve any issues.
The Group identified approximately 500 compliance issues and potential issues in fiscal 2019. None of the issues signifi- cantly impacted management, and over 80% were resolved within the year.
The Group’s Personal Information Protection Guidelines ensure that information is handled properly and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations and that individual rights and interests are protected. We are also taking steps to prevent information leaks by strengthening the Group’s personal information management system through efforts such as conducting audits for both Group companies and outsourcing companies that handle personal information.
We are currently addressing the 20% of issues that have not yet been resolved, and plan to conduct another compliance inspection in fiscal 2020.
Compliance Training
The Group issues ENEOS Group Philosophy cards and ENEOS Group Code of Conduct handbooks to all officers and employ- ees to instill compliance awareness.
The Group adopted a revised Anti-Corruption Policy in fiscal 2019 and subsequently conducted anti-corruption checks at all Group companies. We also provided training on harassment prevention, compliance with competition laws and subcontract- ing laws, and the internal reporting system, which are particularly relevant to our operations.
Tax Matters Policy
The Tax Matters Policy provides guidelines for fulfilling our tax payment obligations and responsibilities in the countries and regions where we conduct our business operations.
WEB ENEOS Group Tax Matters Policy https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/company/system/tax.html
Disclosure Policy
Recognizing the extreme importance of disclosing company information in a timely and appropriate manner, the Company established the Disclosure Policy as a guideline for prompt, proper, and fair disclosure of information to shareholders and investors. The Company has also established Rules for the Prevention of Insider Trading and a system for ensuring thorough understanding of these rules.
WEB ENEOS Group Disclosure Policy https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/disclosure/
 63 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

Message from an Outside Director
  We are closely monitoring the progress of the Company’s transformation
in the pursuit of its Long-Term Vision.
Ota Hiroko
Outside Director ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
Viability of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
ENEOS Holdings is at a major turning point. It is entering a phase of major changes in its business structure, not only in terms of structural reforms to address diminishing demand in Japan, but also in terms of the urgent issue of developing its growth businesses for a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
In that sense, the Long-Term Vision to 2040 is extremely important, and has been discussed many times by the Board of Directors. We outside directors deepened our understanding of the Company’s initiatives by visiting new business sites and engaging in frank discussions with the top executives of the principal operating companies. We also held discussions among ourselves before presenting our views to the Board of Directors.
The Company is to be commended for incorporating the views of the outside directors into both the Long-Term Vision and the second Medium-Term Management Plan, but now the important thing is the steadfast execution of the plan, which represents a major turning point for the Company.
Structural reforms and the development of growth business- es will surely be a series of trials and errors. The Board of Directors will be closely monitoring the Company’s progress.
View of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
When reviewing the Long-Term Vision during the formulation of the second Medium-Term Management Plan, I was impressed by the Company’s forthright target to achieve carbon neutral status (in its own emissions) by 2040. This is a difficult choice, but as a comprehensive energy company, ENEOS Holdings is obligated to place the highest priority on climate change issues, and doing everything in its power to address the situation is essential to increasing its the value of its existence.
While strengthening its renewable energy business and integrating distributed power sources into its operations, the Company is facing the major challenge of translating the
response to climate change into a catalyst for growth and a driver for new businesses. As an outside director, I support the Company’s efforts and will fully apply myself to finding solutions to the challenges it faces. The Company is also fully engaged in initiatives for a digital transformation. Digital technology is essen- tial to enhancing the sophistication and efficiency of its base businesses, including petroleum refining and marketing, oil and natural gas exploration and development, and copper smelting and refining. Even more important is the use of big data to analyze customer needs and trends in order to provide optimal services in its next-generation energy supply and community services business. Specific initiatives were identified through a number of discussions about these businesses by the Board of Directors, where opinions were exchanged on innovation in business content and the Company’s advantages. I anticipate that the Company will make rapid progress in the development of its businesses while flexibly incorporating new ideas through open collaboration with firms from other industries and utilizing human resources from diverse backgrounds.
Role of an Outside Director in Attaining Targets
In 2020, the first year of its second Medium-Term Management Plan, the Company adopted a new name and a new manage- ment structure. At the same time, it is facing the major structural changes of climate change response while simultaneously dealing with the COVID-19 crisis.
The Company is also seeking to become carbon neutral and to accelerate and intensify its digital transformation. It must be flexible in pursuing emerging opportunities for change to continue its transformation. The Company’s many mergers have given it an easygoing corporate culture, but it also suffers from “big company malaise,” with its tendency to be inward-looking and resistant to change. Those lingering traits must be eliminated through the pursuit of the second Medium-Term Management Plan.
I will continue to provide an outside perspective as I support the Company’s efforts in the fulfillment of my role as an outside director.
   ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 64

Executives / Directors (Excluding Independent Directors)
(As of June 25, 2020)
Sugimori Tsutomu
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board, Group CEO
Representative Director of ENEOS Corporation
1979 Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
2008 Executive Officer of Nippon Oil Corporation (General Manager of Chubu Branch Office)
2009 Executive Officer of Nippon Oil Corporation (General Manager of Sales Management Dept., Retail Sales Division)
2010 Director, Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Division Manager of Retail Sales Division)
2013 Director, Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (responsible for Corporate Planning Dept., Controller Dept., Information Systems Dept.)
2014 Director (Part-time) of the Company Representative Director and President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
2018 Representative Director and President of the Company
2020 Representative Director of the Company, Chairman of the Board, Group CEO (current) Representative Director of ENEOS Corporation (current)
Iwase Junichi
Director, Executive Vice President Assistant to President (Safety, Health & Environment Dept., Quality Assurance Dept.)
1982 Joined Koa Oil Co., Ltd.
2014 Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (General Manager of Technical & Engineering Dept.)
2015 Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (General Manager of Refining & Manufacturing Dept.)
2017 Director, Senior Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Division Manager of Refining & Manufacturing Division)
2019 Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Safety, Health & Environment Dept., Quality Assurance Dept., Renewable Energy Business Dept., Refining & Manufacturing Dept., Mechanical Engineering Dept., Engineering & Capital Planning Dept., Hydrogen Business Promotion Dept., Fuel Cell Customer Support Office, Central Technical Research Laboratory, Refineries and Plants)
2020 Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of the Company (Safety, Health & Environment Dept., Quality Assurance Dept.) (current) Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of ENEOS Corporation (Safety, Health & Environment Dept., Quality Assurance Dept., Renewable Energy Business Dept., Refining & Manufacturing Dept., Mechanical Engineering Dept., Engineering & Capital Planning Dept., Hydrogen Business Promotion Dept., Fuel Cell Customer Support Office, Central Technical Research Laboratory, Refineries and Plants) (current)
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President Representative Director, President ENEOS Corporation
1982 Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
2010 General Manager of Controller Dept. of the Company
2014 Executive Officer of the Company (General Manager of Controller Dept.)
2015 Director and Executive Officer of the Company (responsible for Controller Dept.)
2017 Director and Senior Vice President of the Company (responsible for Internal Audit Dept., Controller Dept., and Finance & Investor Relations Dept.)
2018 Director (Part-time) of the Company Representative Director and President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
2020 Representative Director, President of the Company (current)
Representative Director, President of ENEOS Corporation (current)
Adachi Hiroji
Director, Executive Vice President, CDO Assistant to President (Corporate Planning Dept., ESG
Strategy Development Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept.), responsible for IT Planning & Development Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept.
1982 Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
2008 Executive Officer of Nippon Oil Corporation
(General Manager of Technology Dept., Manufacturing & Technology Division)
2010 Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (General Manager of Manufacturing Dept., Manufacturing & Technology Division)
2012 Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (General Manager of Mizushima Refinery)
2014 Senior Vice President of the Company (General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept. I)
2015 Director, Senior Vice President of the Company (responsible for Corporate Planning Dept. I and II)
2017 Director, Senior Vice President of the Company (responsible for Internal Control Dept., Corporate Transformation Dept., Human Resources Dept.)
2018 Director, Senior Vice President of the Company (responsible for Internal Control Dept., Business Development Dept., Corporate Transformation Dept., Human Resources Dept.)
2019 Director, Senior Vice President of the Company (responsible for Corporate Planning Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept., ESG Strategy Development Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., Safety, Health & Environment Dept., Quality Assurance Dept.)
2020 Director, Senior Vice President, CDO of the Company (responsible for Corporate Planning Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept., ESG Strategy Development Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., Safety, Health & Environment Dept., Quality Assurance Dept.)
Director, Executive Vice President, CDO, Assistant to President of the Company (Corporate Planning Dept., ESG Strategy Development Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept.), responsible for IT Planning & Development Dept. and Emerging Business Development Dept. (current) Director, Executive Vice President, CDO, Assistant to President of ENEOS Corporation (Corporate Planning Dept., ESG Strategy Development Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept., Overseas Business Planning & Development Dept.), responsible for IT Planning & Development Dept. and Emerging Business Development Dept. (current)
       Yokoi Yoshikazu
Director, Executive Vice President Assistant to President
1984 Joined Mobil Sekiyu K.K.
2013 Executive Officer of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. (in charge of Public & Government Relations)
2014 Executive Officer of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K.
(in charge of Fuels Marketing & Sales Strategy) Executive Officer of EMG Marketing Godo Kaisha (Deputy Manager of Fuels Marketing Division)
2015 Director of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K.
(in charge of Fuels, Lubricants & Specialties, Marketing & Supply Coordination)
Vice President of EMG Marketing Godo Kaisha
(in charge of Fuels, Lubricants & Specialties, Marketing & Supply Coordination, General Manager of Fuels Marketing Division) (until December 2016)
2016 Managing Director of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. (in charge of Fuels, Lubricants & Specialties, Marketing & Supply Coordination)
2017 Director, Senior Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Deputy Division Manager of Marketing & Sales Division)
2019 Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Overseas Business Planning & Development Dept., Supply Planning & Optimization Dept., Products Supply & Trading Dept., Crude Trading & Shipping Dept., Distribution & Logistics Dept., Marketing & Sales Planning Dept., Retail Support Dept., Nationwide Sales Dept., Industrial Energy Sales Dept., Chemicals Planning Dept., Olefins Dept., Aromatics Dept., Branch Offices)
2020 Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Overseas Business Planning & Development Dept., Supply Planning & Optimization Dept., Products Supply & Trading Dept., Crude Trading & Shipping Dept., Distribution & Logistics Dept., Marketing & Sales Planning Dept., Retail Support Dept., Nationwide Sales Dept., Industrial Energy Sales Dept., Chemicals Planning Dept., Olefins Dept., Aromatics Dept., Branch Offices), responsible for Business Design & Development Dept.
Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of the Company (current)
Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of ENEOS Corporation (Supply Planning & Optimization Dept., Products Supply & Trading Dept., Crude Trading & Shipping Dept., Distribution & Logistics Dept., Marketing & Sales Planning Dept., Retail Support Dept., Nationwide Sales Dept., Industrial Energy Sales Dept., Business Design & Development Dept., Chemicals Planning Dept., Olefins Dept., Aromatics Dept., Branch Offices), responsible for Business Design & Development Dept. (current)
   65 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

   Yatabe Yasushi
Director, Executive Vice President
Assistant to President (Secretariat, Internal Audit Dept., Internal Control Dept., Controller Dept., Finance & Investor Relations Dept., Human Resources Dept., Public Relations Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal &
Corporate Affairs Dept., Crisis Management Dept., Procurement Dept.)
1984 Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
2010 General Manager of Coal Business Dept., Energy Solutions Division of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
2015 Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (General Manager of Coal Business Dept., Resources & Power Company)
2016 Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (General Manager of Kyushu Branch Office)
2019 Director, Senior Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (President of Resources & Power Company)
2020 Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Secretariat, Internal Audit Dept., Internal Control Dept., Corporate Planning Dept., ESG Strategy Development Dept., Controller Dept., Human Resources Dept., Public Relations Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal & Corporate Affairs Dept., Crisis Management Dept., Procurement Dept.) Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of the Company (Secretariat, Internal Audit Dept., Internal Control Dept., Controller Dept., Finance & Investor Relations Dept., Human Resources Dept., Public Relations Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal & Corporate Affairs Dept., Crisis Management Dept., Procurement Dept.) (current)
Director, Executive Vice President, Assistant to President of ENEOS Corporation (Secretariat, Internal Audit Dept., Internal Control Dept., Controller Dept., Finance & Investor Relations Dept., Human Resources Dept., Public Relations Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal & Corporate Affairs Dept., Crisis Management Dept., Procurement Dept., Resources & Power Company, Lubricants Company, High Performance Materials Company) (current)
Kato Hitoshi
Director (Full-time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
1981 Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
2012 Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (General Manager of Human Resources Dept.)
2014 Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (responsible for Southeast Asia Business Development Dept.)
2016 Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (responsible for Southeast Asia Business Dept., Vietnam Business Preparation Office)
Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (responsible for Southeast Asia Business Dept., Petrolimex Project Promotion Office)
2017 Director, Senior Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (responsible for Overseas Projects Dept.)
2018 Director of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation Director (Full-time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) of the Company (current)
Corporate Auditor (Part-time) of JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation (current)
2020 Corporate Auditor (Full-time) of ENEOS Corporation (current)
Hosoi Hiroshi
Director (Part-time)
Representative Director,
President of JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
1979 Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
2010 Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Deputy Division Manager of Supply-Demand Division)
2012 Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Division Manager of Supply-Demand Division)
2014 Director, Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (responsible for Crude Oil Shipping Dept., Supply-Demand Dept., Distribution Management Dept.)
2017 Director, Executive Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation (Special Assistant to President)
2018 Director (Part-time) of the Company (current) Representative Director, President of JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation (current)
Murayama Seiichi
Director (Part-time)
President & Representative Director,
Chief Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
1980 Joined Nippon Mining Co., Ltd.
2010 Executive Officer of Nippon Mining & Metals Co., Ltd. (General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept., General Manager of Administrative Office of the Metals Business Division)
2012 Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept.)
2013 Senior Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (responsible for Planning & Coordination Dept., Accounting & Finance Dept., IT Dept., Logistics Dept., Audit Office)
Director and Senior Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (responsible for Planning & Coordination Dept., Accounting & Finance Dept., IT Dept., Logistics Dept., Audit Office)
2015 Director and Senior Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (responsible for Planning & Coordination Dept., Accounting & Finance Dept., IT Dept., Logistics Dept., Internal Auditing Dept.)
2016 Director, Senior Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (responsible for Planning & Coordination Dept., Accounting & Finance Dept., Logistics Dept., Internal Auditing Dept.)
2018 Director, Senior Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (responsible for Planning & Coordination Dept., Research Dept., Accounting & Finance Dept., Logistics Dept., Internal Auditing Dept.)
2019 Director, Senior Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (responsible for Planning & Coordination Dept.)
President & Representative Director, Chief Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (current)
Director (Part-time) of the Company (current)
     Ouchi Yoshiaki
Director (Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
1984 Joined Kyodo Oil Company
2014 General Manager of Finance & Investor Relations Dept. of the Company
2016 Executive Officer of the Company (General Manager of Finance & Investor Relations Dept.)
2018 Senior Vice President of the Company (General Manager of Finance & Investor Relations Dept.)
2019 Director and Senior Vice President of the Company (responsible for Internal Control Dept., Controller Dept., Finance & Investor Relations Dept.)
2020 Director (Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) of the Company (current)
Corporate Auditor (Full-time) of ENEOS Corporation (current)
Corporate Auditor (Part-time) of Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (current)
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 66

Executives / Independent Directors
(As of June 25, 2020)
Ota Hiroko
Outside Director
1981 Research Fellow at the Japan Institute of Life Insurance
1993 Visiting Associate Professor at the School of Economics of Osaka
University
1996 Associate Professor at Saitama University
1997 Associate Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
2001 Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
2002 Director of Policy Analysis in the Cabinet Office
2003 Deputy Director General for Economic Research in the Cabinet Office
2004 Director General for Economic Research in the Cabinet Office
2005 Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
2006 Minister of State for Economic and Fiscal Policy
2008 Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
2012 Outside Director of the Company (current)
2013 Outside Director of Panasonic Corporation (current)
2019 Senior Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies (current)
Nishioka Seiichiro
Outside Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
1975 Assistant Judge
2007 Chief Judge of the Utsunomiya District Court
2010 Presiding Judge of the Tokyo High Court
2011 President of the Tokyo Family Court
2013 President of the Hiroshima High Court
2014 Retired from office of the President of the Hiroshima High Court
2015 Registered as an Attorney-at-Law (current), Of-Counsel, Asahi Law
Offices (current)
2016 Outside Corporate Auditor of the Company
2018 Outside Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) of the Company (current)
Otsuka Mutsutake
Outside Director
Miyata Yoshiiku
Outside Director
Information Regarding Outside Directors
Ota Hiroko
• Senior Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
• Outside Director of Panasonic Corporation
Otsuka Mutsutake
• Advisor of East Japan Railway Company
• Outside Corporate Auditor of Electric Power Development Co., Ltd.
Miyata Yoshiiku
• Outside Director, Kobe Steel, Ltd. (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Information Regarding
Outside Directors (Audit and Supervisory Committee Members)
Nishioka Seiichiro
• Attorney-at-Law, Of-Counsel, Asahi Law Offices
Mitsuya Yuko
• Representative Director and President of the Japan Basketball Association
• Outside Director of Fukui Bank, Ltd.
• Outside Director of Denso Corporation
Oka Toshiko
• CEO of Oka & Company Ltd.
• Outside Director of Hitachi Metals, Ltd. • Outside Director of Sony Corporation
• Outside Director of Happinet Corporation
     Name/
Important concurrent office(s)
    1965 Joined Japanese National Railways 1977
1987 Joined East Japan Railway Company,
General Manager of Finance Dept. of
East Japan Railway Company 2007
1990 Director and General Manager of
Personnel Dept. of East Japan Railway
Company 2009
1992 Executive Director and General Manager of Personnel Dept. of East Japan Railway Company
1994 Executive Director of East Japan
Railway Company 2011
1996 Executive Director and Deputy Director General of Corporate Planning Division of East Japan Railway Company
1997 Executive Vice President and
Representative Director and Director 2012 General of Corporate Planning Division
of East Japan Railway Company
2000 President and Representative Director 2013 of East Japan Railway Company
2006 Chairman and Director of East Japan 2014 Railway Company
2007 Outside Corporate Auditor of Electric
Power Development Co., Ltd. (current) 2015
2012 Advisor of East Japan Railway
Company 2016
2013 Outside Director of the Company (current)
2020 Executive Advisor of East Japan 2017 Railway Company (current)
Joined Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd. (currently Panasonic Corporation)
Executive Officer, Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd., Chairman, Panasonic Europe Ltd.
Managing Executive Officer, Panasonic Corporation, Senior Vice President, Director, Visual Products and Display Devices Business Group, AVC Networks Company
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Panasonic Corporation (in charge of Overseas Operations), Senior Managing Director, Member of the Board, Panasonic Corporation (in charge of Overseas Operations)
Senior Managing Director, Director, Global Consumer Marketing Sector, Panasonic Corporation
Senior Managing Director, Tokyo Representative, Panasonic Corporation
Senior Managing Director, Panasonic Corporation, Corporate Advisor, Panasonic Corporation
Outside Director, TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K.
Outside Director, Kobe Steel, Ltd. (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) (current)
Outside Director of the Company (current)
        67 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Mitsuya Yuko
Outside Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
1981 Joined Hitachi Ltd.
1990 Part-time instructor of the University of Tsukuba
2010 Representative Director of Cipher Co., Ltd.
2011 Director of Fujimura Gakuen (current)
2012 Member of Management Council of the University of Tsukuba
2014 Advisor of the Tokyo Organizing Committee of the Olympic and
Paralympic Games (current)
Council Member of the Japan Volleyball Association (current)
2016 Representative Director and President of the Japan Basketball Association (current)
2017 Director of the International Basketball Federation (current)
2018 Outside Director of Fukui Bank, Ltd. (current)
2019 Outside Director of the Company (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (current)
Outside Director of Denso Corporation (current)
Oka Toshiko
Outside Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
1986 Joined Tohmatsu Touche Ross Consulting Limited
2000 Joined Asahi Arthur Andersen Limited
2002 Principal of Deloitte Tohmatsu Consulting Co., Ltd.
2005 President and Representative Director of ABeam M&A Consulting Ltd.
2016 Partner of PwC Advisory LLC
CEO of Oka & Company Ltd. (current) Outside Director of Hitachi Metals, Ltd. (current)
2018 Outside Director of Sony Corporation (current)
2019 Outside Director of Happinet Corporation (current)
2020 Outside Director of the Company (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (current)
Name/
Important concurrent office(s)
       
Attendance at Reasons for election as outside director and meetings of the
reasons for designation as independent officer Board of Directors in fiscal 2019
Ms. Ota specializes in public economics and economic policy and has long been engaged in education and research at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies. In addition, she has held such positions as Director General for Economic Research in the Cabinet Office and Minister of State for Economic and Fiscal Policy. She was elected as an outside director because her extensive experience in economics and finance enables her to provide proper guidance and advice and supervise the management of the Company from an independent perspective.
14/14
Mr. Otsuka has long been engaged in the management of East Japan Railway Company. He was elected as an outside director because his deep insight, abundant experience, and solid accomplishments in company management enable him to provide proper guidance and advice and supervise the management of the Company from an independent perspective.
14/14
Mr. Miyata has been in charge of corporate management within and outside Japan at Panasonic Corporation for many years. He has gained extensive experience and achievements as a corporate manager. He served as an outside director of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. until 2015 and has served as an outside director of the Company since 2017. He was elected as an outside director based on his ability to give guidance and advice on management of the Company as well as supervise the business execution of the Company from an independent perspective.
13/14
Government/ public policy
◯
Corporate management
◯
◯
Specialization/Field of expertise
 Overseas work experience
◯
International affairs
Society/ economics
◯
◯
Law
Academic research/ education
◯
M&A
Reasons for election as outside director and reasons for designation as independent officer
Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit and Supervisory Committee in fiscal 2019
Mr. Nishioka has held important posts, such as Chief Judge of the Utsunomiya District Court, President of the Tokyo Family Court, and President of the Hiroshima High Court. He has been active as an attorney. He has taught students as a visiting professor at Keio University Law School to hand his knowledge down to the next generation. He has abundant professional knowledge and experience regarding the administration of justice. He was elected as an outside director for his ability to audit and supervise directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members in the execution of their duties from an objective, independent, and fair standpoint.
Board of Directors: 14/14
Audit and Supervisory Committee: 15/15
Ms. Mitsuya has been involved in company management since retiring from her career as a premier athlete, and has worked to strengthen organizational operation while serving in key positions in various sports associations, including Representative Director and President of the Japan Basketball Association. She was elected as an outside director for her abundant experience and advanced knowledge as a member of management and supervisor of the operations of various organizations, which enables her to provide guidance and advice for the Company’s management, as well as to audit and supervise directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members in the execution of their duties from an objective, independent, and fair standpoint.
Board of Directors: 11/11
Audit and Supervisory Committee:
11/11
(Elected June 2019)
Ms. Oka is a specialist in finance and accounting, M&A, and business strategy planning, and has extensive experience as a director, a managing director or an advisor at several companies, giving her abundant experience and deep insight into the finance and accounting fields as both a specialist and a managing director/director. She was elected as an outside director because her experience and achievements enable her to provide guidance and advice for the Company’s management as well as to audit and supervise directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members in the execution of their duties from an objective, independent, and fair standpoint.
-
(Elected June 2020)
Government/ public policy
Corporate management
◯
◯
Specialization/Field of expertise
 Overseas work experience
International affairs
◯
Society/ economics
Law
◯
Academic research/ education
◯
◯
◯
M&A
                           ◯
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 68

 Part III
ENEOS Group Business Strategy
The ENEOS Group is expanding its energy, resources and materials businesses worldwide.
At a Glance 71 Energy Business 73
Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and
Production Business
(Oil and Gas E&P Business) 77
Metals Business 81
    69 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
  
     ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 70

  At a Glance
   Consolidated net sales
(Fiscal 2019)
10,011.8 billion yen
Consolidated operating income excluding inventory valuation
(Fiscal 2019)
96.7 billion yen
Operating Income Excluding Inventory Valuation
Energy Business
Energy Business Metals Business
(Billion yen) 700
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
-100
Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business Crude oil price Other
Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production (E&P) Business
Consolidated workforce
(As of March 31, 2020)
40,983 employees
Market capitalization
(As of March 31, 2020)
1,191.1 billion yen
    56 46
372.6
303.6
69
60 515.7
(US$/barrel) 70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
(FY)
    Total 184.5 159.3
23.0 50.4
−48.2
2016
43.7
−38.8
354.1
Metals Business
  37.8
37.6 96.7
68.1 47.9 93.6 55.7 43.9
 −62.2
2017 2018 2019
71 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

   Business Overview and Strategic Policy
Business Overview
Operates the ENEOS brand, with a network of 13,000 service stations nationwide in Japan. Engaged in core businesses, including petroleum and petrochemical prod- ucts, as well as businesses that will be mainstays of the future, including electricity, gas, lubricants, hydrogen, and renewable energy.
Strategic Policy
Fiscal 2019 Operating Income Excluding Inventory Valuation (YoY)
(Billion yen)
400
354.1 -86.2 300
Transform the supply chain/transform refineries to produce more chemical products/develop next-generation energy supply and community services/utilize open innovation/ad- vance digital transformation/cultivate human resources
Business Overview
In charge of the Group’s upstream operations, the compa- ny ensures the stable supply of oil and gas resources through its long-term oil and gas operations in 10 coun- tries, including Japan, and is conducting basic research for the creation of resource development businesses with low environmental impacts.
Strategic Policy
0
(Billion yen) 50
2018
43.7
2019 (FY)
Transient profit and loss
 Petroleum sales volume
-37.9
-10
37.8 -57.3 25
200
Petroleum margins and other
-55.6
Petrochemicals margins and other
-120.7
 Become one of the most prominent comprehensive
energy companies in Asia 100
Petrochemicals sales volume
  Transient profit and loss
  0
  Strengthen the financial position and create
environmentally conscious businesses -25
• Select and concentrate existing businesses to maximize their value
• Expand the gas supply chain in Southeast Asia
• Apply CCUS technology to create new businesses -50
Business Overview (Billion yen) Global business operations in non-ferrous metals, mainly 80
copper and rare metals, covering the full range from the development, smelting and refining of metal resources to
the manufacture and development of advanced materials 60 required for the IoT and AI society, as well as the recycling
of end-of-life electronic devices.
Strategic Policy 40
• Expand Strategic Investments, Promote Technology
Expense and other -9.6
Crude oil price -20.7
2018
Caserones 68.1 -3.1
Smelting & refining
Recycling and environmental services
-38.8
2019 (FY)
47.9
Sales volume
+11
 +1.6
+2.3
 Development
• Review Business Portfolios
• Develop human resources who could create new value
• Contribute to the SDGs
20
0
Affiliate company and other
Electronic materials
-1.3
-7.3
-12.4
 Other
 2019 (FY) ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 72
2018

 Energy Business
We are improving the efficiency of our base businesses and developing our growth businesses.
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President ENEOS Corporation
  Growth Strategies Related SDGs
 Strengths
Competitive crude oil procurement through production optimization tools
Unified sales systems for nationwide network of 13,000 service stations in Japan Nationwide network of 13 refineries and plants in Japan
Global supply network for lubricants
Production capacity of chemical products with a strong presence in global markets High-performance materials technology (highly heat resistant resins, optical films, etc.)
Broad portfolio of renewable energy businesses including mega solar, wind power, and biomass using idle company-owned land
  Risks
Dealing with declining domestic demand due to population decline and the growth of eco-cars Gaining an edge over highly cost-competitive, large-scale overseas refineries
Developing and strengthening businesses that will be mainstays of the future
Initiatives for the shift to low carbon, which are rapidly progressing worldwide
 Opportunities
Economic growth and rising demand for petroleum and petrochemical products in emerging countries, mainly in Asia
Rising demand for clean energy, including renewable energy
Basic Policies of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 1. Generate ongoing cash flow by strengthening the competitiveness of the base businesses
2. Pursue selective investment to develop and strengthen growth businesses and optimize the business portfolio 3. Strengthen the business foundation
73 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

  Business Environment and Review of the First Medium-Term Management Plan
Over the medium to long term, the decline in oil demand in Japan is expected to continue, while steady growth is anticipated in global demand for lubricants and petrochemical products.
Fiscal 2019, the final year of the first Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan, was a tough year in terms of business performance. Factors affecting our performance included lower prices for petrochemical products due to production activity at large facilities in China, the spread of COVID-19 in the fourth quarter, and reduced margins and inventory valuation losses on petroleum products accompanying the sharp drop in the price of crude oil. However, our ongoing rationalization and efficiency efforts in our petroleum refining & supply and petrochemicals businesses enabled us to generate a synergy effect of 122.5 billion yen, exceeding the 100.0 billion yen target of the first Medium-Term Management Plan.
On the production side, measures to improve efficiency included converting the Muroran Plant from a production plant to a distribu- tion base and integrating our refinery and manufacturing plants in the Kawasaki area. We also halted refining operations at the Osaka Refinery and converted it to a business site for an asphalt-fueled electric power facility. In addition, a final agreement was reached to continue the joint venture collaboration with the Osaka International Refining Company (OIREC) refining business, which was created through a merger with PetroChina International (Japan) Co., Ltd., while switching the operation to the Chiba refinery. At the Kashima Complex, we began joint studies with Mitsubishi Chemical Corpora- tion on the use of chemicals to recycle waste plastic.
On the sales side, with the integration of all of our service station brands into the ENEOS brand, we introduced the new
EneJet self-service stations and the EneKey keyholder fob for quick payment. We also began introduction of on-site laundro- mats and verification trials of car sharing services as part of our efforts to evolve our service station network, the largest in Japan, into a lifestyle platform.
In our electric power business, we unified our household retail brands under the ENEOS Denki brand and expanded the supply area to cover the Kansai, Chubu, Tohoku, and Shikoku regions, resulting in an increase in the number of contracts to roughly 690,000 at the end of fiscal 2019. In April 2020, we expanded the coverage further to include the Hokuriku and Kyushu regions. While developing our domestic power generation business to secure power sources, we also became a partner in a power generation project in the state of Ohio, the Group’s first participation in an international gas-fired power generation business.
In our gas business, we expanded sales of ENEOS Toshi Gas, our residential city gas business, in the Kanto region and at the end of fiscal 2019 had increased the number of contracts to approxi- mately 60,000. We also began discussions with strategic overseas business partners about an LNG business in Vietnam.
In our hydrogen business, as a medium- to long-term initiative, we commenced construction of three new ENEOS hydrogen stations to add to our 44 existing sites. We also participated in technology research for the development of an international supply chain for the commercialization of CO2-free hydrogen.
In our renewable energy business, we decided to participate in an offshore wind power project in Taiwan and are working toward starting operations in 2021. Construction of the Muroran Biomass Power Plant also progressed, and the plant commenced commercial operation in May 2020. We also entered into a business and capital alliance with Renewable Japan Co., Ltd. to further contribute to the realization of a low-carbon society.
Fixed Gas Station Market Share (End of Fiscal 2019)
Other
24.7% ENEOS
Market Share of Fuel Oil Sales in Japan
Fiscal 2018 Fiscal 2019
(%)
60 50 40 30 20 10
0
47.8 49.8 47.0 46.8 48.1 46.8
Fuel oil A
   49.4 49.5 46.3 45.1
43.4 42.5
Diesel fuel
No.1 43.8% in Japan
             (Fuel type) * Excluding crude oil for electricity
Cosmo 9.4%
Idemitsu + Showa Shell
22.1%
   Gasoline
Kerosene
Total of 4 products
Domestic demand for fuel oil*
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 74

Energy Business
Business Strategy
To achieve the Long-Term Vision, we are carrying out initiatives in line with the basic strategies of the second Medium-Term Management Plan (see page 73) to steadily produce results. We will achieve the plan through bold and strategic transformation by addressing the challenges of the energy transition, mobility transformation, and changing social systems, responding to the rapidly changing petroleum products market, and forging ahead in the face of uncertainty.
Generate Ongoing Cash Flow
by Strengthening the Competitiveness of the Base Businesses
Continue to Pursue Optimal Production and Supply Structure
Actively introduce digital technology, including verification of AI-based automation of refinery operations
Optimize supply by introducing digital tools throughout supply chain management (SCM)
Build an Optimal Petroleum Product Sales Structure
Integrate the business processes for JX and TonenGeneral with the introduction of the integrated enterprise resources planning system Use RPA and other digital technologies to further improve efficiency and productivity at branch offices
Use ICT and AI to improve land-based shipping efficiency, and formulate an effective BCP for prompt and flexible response in the event of a major earthquake
Rebuild OIREC Business
Halt the refining function at the Osaka refinery and relocate refinery management to Chiba
Shift Human Resources to Growth Businesses in Accordance with Decreases in Domestic Demand
Strengthen human resource systems for the next generation in the overseas, electricity, gas, renewable energy, and new business segments
Pursue selective investment to develop and strengthen growth businesses and optimize the business portfolio
Pursue Development of Chemical Refineries and Enter the Derivatives Field
Raise the chemical ratios at the Kawasaki, Kashima, Mizushima, and Oita industrial complexes from 10% to 30%
Expand production of products with technological advantages, including hydrogenated petroleum resin, ENB, and wire insula- tion materials
Build the ENEOS Platform (see next page)
Build a service-station-based platform to offer total services according to customer life stages. Create mobility services and lifestyle support services in addition to existing services
Grow into a platform that provides total services for all needs, according to customers’ life stages
Provide an Efficient, Stable Supply of Low-Carbon Energy
Roll out an electric power service that meets the needs of customers through the integrated use of distributed power sources
Expand the customer base and construct an optimal portfolio of power generation sources
Expand domestic and overseas renewable energy power gener- ation capacity to over 1 million kW
Build a CO2-free hydrogen supply chain
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
Pursue plastic waste recycling using refineries
Plastic Waste Recycling Flow Chart
Strengthening the Business Foundation
We are strengthening our governance and business management framework to enhance our international competitiveness.
We will enable autonomous management in each division and strengthen monitoring by management. We will also fully utilize integrated enterprise resource planning systems and other digital technologies to improve the agility and efficiency of our business execution. In addition, we are building human resources systems for the development, deployment and maximization of capabilities of our personnel, who carry out our business operations.
         Petrochemical products
 Use & disposal Collection
  Petroleum refining
Plastic waste recycling
  Sorting (oil recovery)
    75 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

 ENEOS Platform
  Car leasing Car sharing
Real platform (SS network)
Digital platform
Combined stores
Laundry service & delivery
    Mobility services
AI engine
Lifestyle support services
 Functions of the ENEOS Platform
Car sharing with vehicle delivery
EV charging
Customer
DB Reservation management
Online call center
Small deliveries
House cleaning
Help with household tasks
   Matching algorithm
Freer and more active movement
Freer and more active lifestyle
 In Focus
  Start of operation at the Muroran Biomass Power Plant, Japan’s largest biomass power plant
  ENEOS Biomass Power Muroran GK, in which ENEOS is an investor, started commercial operation of Japan’s largest biomass power plant in May 2020. The plant is a joint project with JGC Holdings Corporation.
The electric power generated by the plant, which is fueled primarily by palm kernel shells, is sold using the feed-in tariff (FIT) system for renewable energy. With a power generation capacity of 74.9 MW, the plant is the largest power plant in Japan that uses solely woody biomass as fuel.
“Biomass” is a general term for biological resources derived from animals and plants that can be used as energy sources. Biomass power generation is the process of burning or gasifying biomass to generate electricity. Since biomass is organic matter, power generation using biomass as a fuel generates CO2 emissions. Burning palm kernel shells, however, is not viewed as increasing CO2 in the atmosphere because the
palm trees absorb CO2 through photosynthesis while they grow.
ENEOS has been actively developing its biomass power generation business, as biomass power genera- tion is a promising source of renewable energy due to the fact that the ash produced in the combustion process can be recycled, and biomass-generated power also has a high degree of supply stability.
ENEOS is expanding its renewable energy power generation business across Japan and currently operates 18 mega solar power plants producing 46 MW and two wind power farms generating 4 MW. The Muroran Biomass Power Plant is the first biomass power plant where ENEOS is the main operator. While providing a stable supply of energy, we will continue our proactive efforts to supply environmentally friendly energy in order to contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 76

 Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production Business
We will establish environmentally friendly business
while enhancing the profitability of our existing businesses.
Hosoi Hiroshi
Representative Director, President and CEO JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
  Growth Strategies Related SDGs
  Strengths
Stable and safe operations based on long-term relationships with governments and communities in oil-producing countries
Profitable LNG assets in Malaysia, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea
CO2 capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) projects in the United States, Vietnam, and other countries, and knowledge gained from the projects
 Risks
Response to worldwide trend to transition away from fossil fuels Increasing volatility in the resource market due to the spread of COVID-19
 Opportunities
Stably increasing demand for gas, particularly in emerging countries in Asia Growing importance of CCUS technology for the realization of a low-carbon society
 Basic Policies of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 1. Maintain the foundation of the existing exploration and production business 2. Expand our gas supply chain business
3. Prepare to launch environmentally friendly businesses
77 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

  Business Environment and Review of the First Medium-Term Management Plan
We expect steadily increasing demand for energy to continue, despite the temporary stagnation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Oil and natural gas will maintain the position as the main energy sources, and we do not expect any change in the importance of the oil and natural gas exploration and production business (E&P business).
However, with the tightening of environmental regulations in oil-producing countries as well as developed countries, we must take active measures to lower our environmental impact and fully engage in ESG activities in our oil and natural gas E&P business.
Resource prices have been sluggish recently due to the spread of COVID-19, but as supply and demand tightens with economic recovery and demand growth in the medium and long term, we expect our business profitability to return to normal levels.
Our performance results in fiscal 2019, the final year of the first Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2017–FY2019), were as follows.
Existing Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business
Regarding the progress in our large-scale development projects, Mariner oil field and Culzean gas field (both located in the U.K. North Sea) commenced production in 2019. In addition, the Tangguh LNG expansion project in Indonesia is in the final stage with the aim of reaching completion during the second Medium-Term Management Plan. We are rigorously managing both the costs and schedules for each of these projects, and these efforts are yielding substantial results.
Sales Volume (Actual and Plan) by Region
We are executing new investments only in low-risk, low-cost projects in Southeast Asia, where we can utilize our strengths, and projects in Malaysia are already producing results. The license term for Block SK 10 has been extended, and produc- tion has already commenced in Beryl gas field and Layang oil and gas field.
The first Medium-Term Management Plan also focused on project selection and concentration, and we sold our assets in Canada, which were costly and carried a large environmental footprint. We also reorganized the functions of our Malaysia and Vietnam operating bases to improve management resource efficiency.
New Businesses (Technology Strategy)
Since launching the carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) project in the United States in 2017, we have gained advanced expertise in CO2 recovery, the effects of enhanced oil recovery (EOR), and technologies for monitoring injection and storage. With this project, we reduced CO2 emissions by a net 1.7 million tons during the first Medium-Term Management Plan.
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration has signed contracts with the national oil companies of Indonesia and Malaysia to use its CCUS technology and technological expertise for joint research and other activities for oil and natural gas exploration and development projects in the two countries. Even oil-producing countries are increasingly emphasizing the need to implement environmental measures, such as ESG management. Through these joint research activities, we will create environmentally friendly businesses that will reduce the environmental impact of the E&P business.
Breakdown of Sales Volume by Region
FY2018 (Actual) FY2019 (Actual)
FY2020 Plan (announced in May 2020)
(Unit: thousand B/D)
Southeast Asia Middle East
United Kingdom, North America, and other
 27.7
United Kingdom
16.5 15.6 15.3
Middle East
(%) 80
 6.3 16.5
4.2 4.4 5.5
North America
126.9
Total sales volume
  64.6 56.1 65.5
Southeast Asia
104.6 105.6
60 61.8 53.1
       40 20 0
51.6 32.1 36.3
     13.0 13.0 12.9
Other
22.5
15.8 14.8
2018 2019
12.1
2020
(FY)
    (Actual) (Actual) Plan (announced
in May 2020)
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 78

Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production Business
Business Strategy
During the second Medium-Term Management Plan, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration will continue improving and strengthening its financial position, steadily building the value of its existing oil and natural gas E&P business, which is its core business, and increasing its earnings. We will also actively commercialize cutting-edge, environmentally friendly technologies by utilizing on-site verification tests and joint research with oil- and gas-pro- ducing countries.
Base Business
In our existing oil and natural gas E&P business, we will maximize the value of our assets, and focus on project selection and concentration to build a solid business foundation. To this end, we will focus our management resources in the areas and techno- logical fields where we have business strengths and pursue sustainable growth.
Southeast Asia is the area where we can best utilize our strengths. In this area, we have gained the trust of the govern- ments through long-term business activities, and have owned abundant assets advantageous for acquiring new projects and expanding existing projects. Therefore, we recognize this area as the most beneficial location for expanding our business.
Gas Business
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is establishing the gas supply chain by combining its existing upstream gas development business with mid-downstream business such as transport and regasification. This will help to strengthen our business in South- east Asia, where gas demand is steadily increasing.
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration will accelerate efforts to optimize its business portfolio with an eye toward energy transformation in line with the long-term trend toward low-carbon and recycling-ori- ented societies.
We are utilizing carbon dioxide capture, utilization and storage (CCS/CCUS) technologies to reduce CO2 emissions in our existing oil and natural gas E&P business and are steadily progressing toward the establishment of a low-impact resource development business. Our progress in these areas will provide the dual benefits of contributing to society and expanding our business.
Technology
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is particularly strong in EOR and CCUS technologies, where it has accumulated extensive techni- cal expertise through its businesses in the United States and Vietnam. As we continue to advance these technologies, we will seek to apply them to acquire new businesses. Our initial target is to establish an environmentally friendly business for the integra- tion of EOR and CCUS technologies into our existing oil and natural gas E&P business, and we are already engaged in basic research for this in Southeast Asia. We are also acquiring, developing, and applying technologies to conserve energy and improve efficiency.
Through such activities, we will maximize the value of our existing assets, and will contribute to the Group's ESG management, energy conservation, efficiency improvement, and cost reduction.
Exploration and Development Schedule for Main Oil and Gas Fields
   Helang gas field and other (Block SK10, Malaysia)
Tangguh LNG project (Indonesia)
Rang Dong /
Phuong Dong oil fields (Block 15-2, Vietnam)
PNG LNG project (Papua New Guinea)
Mariner oil field (U.K. North Sea)
1998
Start of production at the Rang Dong oil field
2003
Start of production at the Helang gas field
2009
Start of production
2008
Start of production at the Phuong Dong oil field
2014
Final investment decision for the Layang oil and gas field
2017 Acquisition of interests and start of development at the Beryl gas field
2018
Start of gas production at the Beryl gas field
2013 Decided to
extend PSC term of interests at the Rang Dong oil field
2014
Start of HCG-EOR
2019
Decided to extend PSC term of interests at the Phuong Dong oil field
2017: Start of gas production at the Layang oil and gas field 2019: Start of crude oil production at the Layang oil and gas field
  2016
Final investment decision for expansion project
 2007 2009 2014
Start of project study Final investment decision Start of production
 Culzean gas field (U.K. North Sea)
 1994
Acquisition of interests
2012 2013 2019
Acquisition of interests Final investment decision Start of production
2015 2019
Final investment decision Start of production
                        Exploration Development Production
79 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
2010 2020

In Focus
  Launching an environmentally friendly business with lower environmental load
  Demand for natural gas is expected to grow steadily in the medium and long term, supported by growing environmen- tal awareness around the world, which is inciting a shift away from high environmental impact energy sources like coal and oil to low-impact natural gas. Severe gas shortag- es in the near future are of particular concern in Asia, which is undergoing rapid economic development.
Southeast Asia, the core business area of JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, still has numerous undeveloped gas fields with high-concentration CO2. We believe it will be necessary to tap into those fields to meet the growing demand for gas.
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is currently engaged in one of the world’s largest commercial CCUS business- es at a thermal power plant in the United States, where we separate and recover high-volume CO2 emissions and inject them into aging oil fields to increase oil production and recovery. This operation has given us a wealth of CCS/CCUS technical expertise, such as CO2 separation and recovery and underground injection and monitoring.
Projected Gas Supply and Demand Gap in the Asia Pacific Region (2020-2040)
This technical expertise is a prime factor in the company’s March 2020 agreement with Malaysia’s state-owned oil company to conduct joint research into using CCS technology for the development of offshore gas fields with high-concentration CO2. The objective is to meet growing demand by developing gas fields with high-concentration CO2 while reducing the environmental burden of those operations by separating and recovering the CO2 in the produced gas and injecting it into nearby aging oil and gas fields.
We are planning to promote this joint research to a model of environmentally friendly resource development business, and develop it into one of our core businesses in the near future.
We will use our accomplishments in Southeast Asia to steadily expand our low-impact energy resource develop- ment business while helping to reduce concerns about regional energy supply and mitigate global warming.
2020 2030
(bcm)
600 500 400 300 200 100
2040
CO2 Separation and Recovery at a Gas Field in Malaysia
CO2 recovery
High-concentrate CO2 gas field
 Reference: 2019 Consumption
Japan: 110 bcm China: 310 bcm India: 60 bcm
        0
Source: BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2019
CO2 transport
Water layer via pipeline Aging oil/gas field
CO2 injection
  China
India
Other
Total
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 80

 Metals Business
We will create new value for copper and rare metals and contribute to the development and innovation of the data society.
Murayama Seiichi
President & Representative Director
JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
  Growth Strategies Related SDGs
 Strengths
Product lineup focused on copper and rare metals, core materials used in electronics applications
Elemental technologies in high purification, recycling, and other areas cultivated in our mineral resources and smelting and refining businesses
Product lineup of functional and thin-film materials with top shares in global niche markets, created through combined application of our elemental technologies
Integrated supply chain, from mineral resources, smelting and refining, recycling to electronic materials
  Risks
Mineral resources: Fluctuations in metal prices that affect profitability, reduction of high-quality ore, tighter environmental regulations
Smelting and refining, recycling and environmental services: Intensifying competition with Asian companies, shrinking Japanese market
Electronic materials: Risk of market loss due to shortened product life cycles, emergence of alternative materials, economic downturns
 Rising number of electronic devices from advancements in IoT and AI along with increasing demand for advanced materials with higher performance and multifunctionality
Opportunities Growing need for recycling from increasing demand to transition to a recycling-oriented society
Increasing demand for copper and rare metals driven by growing middle classes and expanded applications accompanying economic growth in emerging countries
 Basic Policies of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 1. Expand Strategic Investments, Promote Technology Development 2. Review Business Portfolios
3. Develop human resources who could create new value
4. Contribute to the SDGs
81 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

  Business Environment and Review of the First Medium-Term Management Plan
Earnings in the metals business declined in fiscal 2019 as copper prices plummeted due to concerns about a global recession in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic.
As competition intensifies worldwide, we are developing technology-based businesses to establish a highly profitable earnings structure and contributing to the realization of a sustain- able society with advanced materials. We have divided our activities into two types, base businesses, which are the foundation of our organization, and focus businesses, which are the core of our growth strategy, and are developing both types to take best advan- tage of their individual characteristics. Our performance results during the first Medium-Term Management Plan were as follows.
Base Business Initiatives
In our resources business, we extended the operating surplus achieved in the previous fiscal year at the Caserones Copper Mine by increasing process volumes through the introduction of automated control programs and implementing comprehensive cost control.
In our smelting and refining business, we made the Saganose- ki Smelter & Refinery and the Hitachi Refinery wholly owned subsidiaries, enabling them to operate autonomously. We are working to further boost our competitiveness by integrating the smelting and refining and environmental recycling businesses and optimizing the composition of our raw materials.
Focus Business Initiatives
Our functional materials business recorded weak sales of treated rolled copper foil amid an adjustment in demand for smartphones. Our thin film materials business posted strong sales of sputtering targets for semiconductors despite severe conditions, supported
by broad-based demand for semiconductors. We continued to expand our production facilities in both businesses in anticipation of growing demand in the medium and long term fueled by increasing use of IoT and AI and the spread of 5th generation (5G) network technology.
In our tantalum and niobium business, we continued to pursue synergies with the Group’s technologies and expertise while providing a stable supply of high-quality materials to meet our customers’ needs. We renamed H.C. Starck Tantalum and Niobium GmbH as TANIOBIS and in July 2020 launched a new brand for the company. This new start further enhances our ability to offer innovative solutions using high-performance tantalum and niobium materials, which are indispensable for realizing the promise of IoT and AI.
In our titanium business, operations commenced at the factory run by Toho Titanium Co., Ltd.’s joint venture sponge titanium business in Saudi Arabia. We are also fortifying our supply structure for ultra-fine nickel, an electronic component material used in titanium manufacturing technology, in anticipation of growing demand driven by higher function communication equipment, the electrification of automobiles, and the spread of 5G technology.
We also expect the rapid increase in electric vehicles to lead to increased demand for recycling of lithium-ion batteries used in electric vehicles. We are accelerating technological development of “Closed-Loop Recycling” for rare materials used in automotive batteries and has begun verification tests for a method for recovering battery-grade metallic salts from used automotive lithium-ion batteries.
In addition, we are engaged in accelerator programs in fields ranging from advanced materials and high-performance and multifunctional materials to recycling technology and are investing in start-up ventures with advanced technologies, such as alloys designed for metal 3D printers, as we seek to build revenues in our focus businesses.
Overview of Functional Materials and Thin Film Materials (Global Market Share)
Sputtering targets for semiconductors
Sputtering targets for magnetic applications
InP compound semiconductors
Treated rolled copper foil
Phosphor bronze foil (under 0.1mm thickness)
High strength,
high conductivity Corson alloy
Titanium copper foil
High purity tantalum powder for electronic components
 Products
Global market share
(as of 2019)
60% (No.1)
60% (No.1)
50% (No.1)
80% (No.1)
65% (No.1)
60% (No.1)
70% (No.1)
30% (No.1)
Primary applications
CPUs, memory chips, etc.
Hard disks, etc.
Optical communications devices, ultra-fast ICs
Flexible printed circuit boards
Connectors, springs for electronic parts
Connectors, lead frames
High-end connectors, etc.
Capacitors, etc.
Computers
Mobile phones, smartphones
End-use applications
 Digital home electronics, audiovisual
Communications infrastructure, data centers
Automotive
                 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 82

Metals Business
Business Strategy
Based on the JX Nippon Mining & Metals Group Long-Term Vision 2040, formulated in fiscal 2019, the company is transforming itself from an equipment industry company to a technology-based company that provides high-value-added products and technolo- gies in order to contribute to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) advocated by the United Nations.
The three years from 2020 have been designated as the period for sowing the seeds for transformation into a technology-based company through corporate management promoting greater autonomy, agility, and independence under the basic policies of the second Medium-Term Management Plan.
Focus Businesses
It is expected that the explosive increase in data traffic will gener- ate growing demand for data centers, optical communications infrastructure, communications devices such as smartphones, and all types of smart devices. Demand is expected to grow for advanced materials for both infrastructure and devices and to increase even further for treated rolled copper foil, semiconductor targets, and other products for which JX Nippon Mining & Metals holds world-leading market shares. We plan to further expand our production capacity to ensure that we fully capture growing demand. We will also construct a more resilient business structure with a rock-solid supply chain of overseas bases fortified against natural disasters and geopolitical risks.
Base Businesses
In our base businesses, faced with a challenging business environment where rising costs and deteriorating market conditions are expected to continue, we are working to boost the profitability of the Caserones Copper Mine and strengthen our ability to adapt to changing market conditions.
At the Caserones Copper Mine, we aim to establish profitabili- ty by continuously improving operations and reducing costs in all processes. In our smelting and refining and recycling businesses, in April 2020, we made the Saganoseki Smelter and Refinery a wholly owned subsidiary and shifted to a system with integrated smelting and refining and recycling business operations. Under the new system, we are increasing the processing volume of recycled raw materials to create the best mix of raw materials. We are also seeking to boost our competitiveness by increasing our collection capacity for recyclable raw materials and improving our physical sorting equipment.
Developing Mechanisms for Creating
New Businesses
As a technology-based company, we are developing mecha- nisms for constantly creating new businesses.
We are developing new business areas by advancing and utilizing core technologies of JX Nippon Mining & Metals while engaging in co-creation with outside resources, building a highly functional organization able to handle an increase in cross-division projects, discovering and pursuing new business themes such as open innovation and stage-gate processes, and promoting the use of IoT and AI technologies. We are also actively cultivating human resources to lead our new business ventures. We are pursuing medium- and long-term themes for new businesses, such as recycling of EV lithium-ion batteries, while aiming to introduce new products beginning in 2023.
Developing Human Resources
Who Can Create New Value
Human resources who can create new value and adapt to a new age and new values are essential for our transformation into a technology-based company. We are dedicated to investing in our human resources.
As part of this effort, in June 2020 we relocated the head office
of JX Nippon Mining & Metals to create the corporate culture
necessary for the development of the desired human resources.
The new head office incorporates activity-based working* and an
open layout designed to emphasize communication in order to
remove barriers within the organization with the aim of encourag-
ing active communication and enhancing productivity.
* Activity-based working (ABS) is a work style that allows employees to use mobile devices and choose the location, time, and method of working according to their job responsibilities.
Contributing to the Achievement of the SDGs
As a technology-based company, JX Nippon Mining & Metals is committed to achieving the SDGs through innovation and human resource development.
We contribute to the development of IoT and AI technologies that are becoming key elements of our modern lifestyles by providing advanced materials that are integral to the innovation of electronic devices. In addition, toward the realization of a carbon-free society, the company endorsed the Challenge Zero project of the Japan Business Federation (Keidanren) and is aiming to reduce its total CO2 emissions by 50% by 2040 and achieve total emissions of net zero by 2050. To achieve these targets, we are advancing the development of recycling technolo- gies and high-performance materials that contribute to the reduc- tion and utilization of CO2.
83 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

In Focus
  Bench-scale equipment for recycling automotive lithium-ion batteries goes into operation
  In February 2020, JX Nippon Mining & Metals installed and commenced operating continuously operating small-scale test equipment in the Hitachi Works as bench-scale equipment for recycling automotive lithium-ion batteries. Anticipating a large increase in the number of used automotive lithium-ion batteries, we are accelerating the development of technology to enable “Closed-Loop Recycling” to recover rare metals from used batteries and reuse the metals in new automotive battery materials.
Increasing global environmental awareness in recent years is fueling the spread of electric vehicles (EVs) and other vehicles with a low environmental impact. Since most of these vehicles use lithium-ion batteries, demand is expected to grow for cobalt, nickel, lithium, and other rare metals used to make cathode materials for these batteries. This trend is expected to produce a sharp rise in the volume of used automotive lithium-ion batteries in the years 2025–2030, and therefore recovery of rare metals from the used batteries and ensuring a stable supply and efficient use of raw materials will be key issues.
Recycled Product Samples
JX Nippon Mining & Metals is already conducting Japan’s largest verification tests for recycling consum- er-use lithium-ion batteries and has technology for direct recovery of rare metals, not only from discarded cathode materials but also from used batteries. The bench-scale equipment is the next step in developing the technology to create “Closed-Loop Recycling” focused on automo- tive lithium-ion batteries.
The purpose of the facility is to produce recycled product samples using cobalt, nickel, and lithium separat- ed from metals in raw materials provided by automobile manufacturers and battery manufacturers, and to establish a mass production process capable of operating at viable cost levels. The facility features high flexibility to produce various substances, including metals and high-purity metal salts in powder and liquid form that can be directly used as raw materials for batteries.
A large-scale recycling system that includes recovery and dismantling is needed for the recycling of automotive lithium-ion batteries to become the norm. The company is creating this technology to accelerate the realization of such a recycling system and to establish its position in the recycling industry.
     Lithium carbonate Cobalt sulfate (liquid) Cobalt sulfate (powder) Nickel sulfate (liquid) Nickel sulfate (powder) (powder)
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 84

Performance Summary
 JX Holdings (J-GAAP) (Years ended March 31)
Net sales
Operating income (loss)
Ordinary income (loss)
Ordinary income excluding inventory valuation Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Total assets
Net assets Interest-bearing debt Net interest-bearing debt
Cash flow from operating activities Cash flow from investing activities Free cash flow
Cash flow from financing activities
TonenGeneral Sekiyu (J-GAAP) (Years ended December 31)
Net sales
Operating income (loss)
Ordinary income (loss)
Ordinary income excluding inventory valuation Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Total assets
Net assets Interest-bearing debt Net interest-bearing debt
Cash flow from operating activities Cash flow from investing activities Free cash flow
Cash flow from financing activities
1 Financial position for the year ended March 31, 2017 is as of April 1, 2017.
(Billion yen)
2017
8,136.0 298.4 333.6 193.6 160.1
6,658.6 2,041.7 2,459.1 2,161.7
230.9 (237.5) (6.6) (160.8)
(Billion yen)
2016
2,089.4 81.0 76.7 68.7 64.4
1,249.1 277.2 270.0 170.0
108.7 (29.1)
79.6 (79.3)
       2013
328.3
271.0
159.5
2,327.4
2,549.3
2,299.2
2014
302.3
183.0
107.0
2,626.3
2,801.7
2,520.0
2015
255.2
(277.2)
7,423.4
2,429.8
2,620.3
2,291.0
2016
  Operating Results
 11,219.5
251.5
12,412.0
213.7
10,882.5
(218.9)
(150.1)
8,737.8
(62.2)
(8.6)
260.9
(278.5)
  Financial Position1
 7,274.9
7,781.8
6,724.6
1,928.4
2,581.4
2,088.7
  Cash Flows
 265.6
(426.1)
(160.5)
154.1
305.2
(479.8)
(174.6)
180.1
737.2
(377.8)
359.4
(326.3)
555.0
(307.7)
247.3
(88.0)
                   2012
22.5
18.1
54.8
288.4
333.2
319.8
2013
49.8
2.8
22.9
294.6
329.3
310.7
2014
13.1
(14.0)
1,376.2
262.8
385.6
350.6
2015
  Operating Results
 2,804.9
27.3
3,241.2
52.3
3,451.1
(72.9)
(73.4)
2,627.9
1,209.4
2.0
(0.3)
86.8
0.1
  Financial Position
 1,385.0
1,409.1
234.1
334.2
234.0
  Cash Flows
 (1.9)
(345.8)
(347.7)
360.8
44.3
(14.3)
30.0
(24.8)
99.9
(52.4)
47.5
(31.8)
170.9
(44.2)
126.7
(61.7)
           85 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

 JXTG Holdings (IFRS)2 (Years ended March 31)
Market Situation
Exchange Rate
(¥ / $)
130
120
110 100
(209.8) 90
       Net sales
Operating income (loss)
Inventory valuation
Excluding inventory valuation Financial profits (loss)
Income (loss) before taxes
Net income (loss)
Attributable to owners of parent Non-controlling interests
Assets
Current assets Non-current assets
Liabilities
Interest-bearing debt Net interest-bearing debt
Net assets
Interests attributable to owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
Cash flow from operating activities Cash flow from investing activities Free cash flow
(Excluding postponed tax payment) Net cash flow
(Excluding postponed tax payment)
Net D/E ratio (times)
(Excluding postponed tax payment)
ROE (%)
(Billion yen)
2020
10,011.8
(113.1)
20174
 374.0
 189.5
 184.5
2018
487.5
114.9
372.6
 (24.0)
(20.1)
(28.5)
96.7 (22.7)
(135.8) (172.7) (187.9)
15.2
80 70
~
0
Dubai Crude Oil Price
($ / bbl)
120
   (95.1) (206.9)
2019
  Operating Results
 9,249.7
10,301.1
11,129.6
537.1
21.4
515.7
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
  Financial Position3
350.0
213.0
212.8
3,187.5
5,176.1
5,720.9
2,719.6
2,351.3
2,642.7
2,208.5
0.2
434.2
─
─
467.4
324.3
361.9
(37.6) 34.8
3,593.2
4,864.4
5,537.6
2,259.9
1,810.4
2,920.0
2,539.6
380.4
535.5
404.8
508.6
357.1
322.3
   8,363.6
8,457.6
8,477.8
3,587.4
4,890.4
5,358.0
2,218.0
1,830.1
3,119.8
2,717.8
402.0
  Cash Flows
 ─
─
─
─
707.1
612.0
481.3
344.2
137.3
169.0
1.3
33.0
  Financial Indicators
 0.89
0.89
9.6
0.62
0.66
15.2
0.59
0.62
12.3
 8,011.3
2,878.6 100
5,132.7
5,303.4
2,300.8 60 1,898.8
2,707.9
  80
0
LME Copper Price and Inventory Level
LME Copper inventory level (at month end)
LME copper price (monthly average)
(Thousand tons) 700
     2,311.0 396.9
510.7 (371.3) 139.4 238.4
40 20
  2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
      (77.6)
(¢ / lb)
400 350 300 250 200 150 100
50 0
600 21.4 500 400 300 200 100 0
 0.70
 0.70 (7.5)
  2 Trade name changed to ENEOS Holdings in June 2020
3 Financial position for the year ended March 31, 2017 is as of April 1, 2017.
4 The fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 includes the combined total of JX Holdings and TonenGeneral
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
 Sekiyu for the period from April 2016 to March 2017.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 86

Investor Information
(As of March 31, 2020)
Share Information
Number of authorized shares Number of shares issued Number of shareholders
Major Shareholders
Name of shareholder
Distribution of Shareholders
   8,000,000,000
3,230,282,649
237,257 Other 1.50%
Individuals
17.95%
Securities
companies in Japan 6.07%
  Treasury shares 0.22% Overseas investors 34.19%
Companies in Japan 6.52%
Number of shares held (thousand shares)
Financial institutions in Japan
33.55%
Percentage of total shares issued * (%) 7.59
6.29
2.57
2.28
2.21
1.90
1.84
1.63
1.50
1.24
        The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
National Mutual Insurance Federation of Agricultural Cooperatives Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
SMBC Nikko Securities Inc.
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505001
* The shareholding ratio is calculated excluding treasury shares (7,267,136 shares).
Share Price Range and Trading Volume
Share price
(Yen)
900 800 700 600 500 400
Trading volume
(Million shares)
600 500 400 300 200 100
0
244,666 203,002 82,896 73,590 71,398 61,281 59,321 52,551 48,480 40,127
                                                           4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3
(Month)
 FY2017
 FY2018
 FY2019
87 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

Investor Relations (IR) Activities
The Company proactively disseminates information on manage- ment policies, performance, and other matters to improve under- standing of the business activities of the ENEOS Group.
For analysts and institutional investors in Japan, the Company holds quarterly presentation meetings on financial results, which are attended by management. The presentation materials are available on the Company’s website. In addition, the chairman, the president, the director responsible for IR, and others regularly hold individual meetings through visits to investors, participation in investment conferences, and other IR activities, and briefings at ENEOS Group refineries, smelters, and other facilities are arranged once or twice each year. In December 2019, the Company held its first ESG briefing session for analysts and institutional investors. The chairman, the president, the director responsible for IR, and others also hold individual meetings for overseas investors.
The Company holds periodic briefings in major cities in Japan, where the president, the director responsible for IR, and others provide explanations on the Group’s business situation for individ- ual investors. In fiscal 2019, these briefings were held 14 times and were attended by approximately 1,000 individual investors.
The “Investor Relations” section of the Company’s website contains useful materials for investors, such as financial results, presentation materials, annual and quarterly financial statements, shareholder newsletters, integrated reports, and presentation materials used at shareholder briefings.
In fiscal 2019, the Company received awards for its IR activities from the following external organizations. The Company has also been selected for inclusion in a number of ESG-related indexes.
External Awards for IR Activities (Fiscal 2019)
•Institutional Investor
In the Best Japanese IR Companies Ranking published by the American financial journal Institutional Investor, the Company has been ranked as the top company in the Best Investor Relations Program category of the Energy & Utilities sector.
ENEOS Holdings Investor Relations Webpage WEB https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/ir/
•Internet IR Awards
The Company received the Award for Excellence of the Internet IR Awards presented by Daiwa Investor Relations.
•Excellence in Corporate Disclosure
The Company received the Award for Excellence in Corporate Disclosure from The Securities Analysts Association of Japan.
 Selection for Inclusion in ESG-Related Investment Indexes (As of September 2020)
•FTSE4Good Index Series
•FTSE Blossom Japan Index
•MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
•MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN) •S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
•SOMPO Sustainability Index
•2020 Health and Productivity Management
•Digital Transformation Stock Selection (DX Stock) 2020
        ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 88

Company Overview
Trade name Representatives
Date established Business year
ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
Sugimori Tsutomu
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President
April 1, 2010
April 1 to March 31 of the following year
Head office 1-2 Otemachi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo Website
Our website provides additional information that complements this Integrated Report.
WEB https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/
History of the Founding and Integration of the ENEOS Group
1800 1900 1937–1945 1973 –1979
 Hitachi Mine
Prewar
Kuhara Mining Co.
Nippon Sangyo Co.
1965 1960
  1931
Kyushu Oil
Kyodo Oil Co.
 Aikoku Sekiyu, Limited
Aikoku Sekiyu stock company
Mitsubishi Oil
 1955
   Ogura Aburaten
Ogura Oil
Nippon Petrochemicals Co., Ltd.
1968
   Hoden Oil
Toyo Shoko Co., Ltd.
1941 Koa Oil
1951
Tohoku Oil
    Nippon Oil
Nippon Oil Corporation
1921 Merger
1941 1942 Merger Merger
Nippon
Petroleum Refining
 89 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
Sino-Japanese War, Pacific War
Post-war Reconstruction
Rapid Economic Growth Period
1960
First and Second Oil Crises
 Separation of mining and smelting operations 1929
Succession of metals business
 1905
1889
1893 1888
1934
1912 1928
1935
1933
Nippon Mining Co.
     1925
1894
 1947 1939
1934
Tonen Sekiyu Kagaku
1958
   1893 1893
1932
Toa Nenryo Kogyo K.K.
General Bussan K.K.
General Sekiyu K.K.
1963 1961 1961
 Kyokuto Petroleum Industries K.K.
 Mitsui Oil Supply Company, Limited
  Socony (U.S.) Japan branch
 Socony-Vacuum (U.S.) Japan branch
Stanvac (U.S.) Japan branch
Esso Standard Sekiyu K.K.
  1961
  Vacuum Oil (U.S.) Japan branch
Mobil Sekiyu K.K.
                          
1992
Bubble Economy
Collapse of Bubble Economy, Low Growth Period
 Nippon Mining & Metals Co., Ltd.
  Nippon Mining & Metals Co., Ltd.
1992
1993
2002
Succession of refining operations
2002
 Nippon Mining Holdings, Inc.
Japan Energy Corporation
   Nikko Kyodo Co.
Japan Energy Corporation
(holding company)
JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
2020
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. ENEOS Corporation
   JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
        JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
     2010
2010 2016 2017
2016
2017
   1990
1999
1999 2002
Nisseki Mitsubishi
Nippon Petrochemicals
2002
2008 Merger
JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
  Nisseki
Mitsubishi Refining
Nippon Petroleum Refining Co., Ltd.
JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
 Nippon Oil Corporation
2011
JX Holdings, Inc.
(holding company)
JXTG Holdings, Inc.
  Tonen Chemical Corporation stock company
2000
Formation of the JXTG Group (Now the ENEOS Group)
2015 2017 Merger Merger
TonenChemical Corporation, LLC
 1989
TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K.
  1982
Tonen K.K.
1990
2014
  Mitsui Oil Co., Ltd.
MOC Marketing Godo Kaisha
 Esso Sekiyu K.K.
2002 2012
  ExxonMobil Yugen Kaisha
EMG Marketing Godo Kaisha
2014
Integration by business transfer
2000
                      ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 90

  The ENEOS Group supports the “tree use movement” promoted by the Forestry Agency of Japan. The paper used to print this report was sourced from thinned timber from regions where the ENEOS Group is working on afforestation activities, thus contributing to the increased absorption of carbon dioxide by forests in Japan.
Printed in Japan
   B-(2)-060008
 ENEOS REPORT
