 Oil aGrowth Strategies Related SDGs
  Strengths
Stable and safe operations based on long-term relationships with governments and communities in oil-producing countries
Profitable LNG assets in Malaysia, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea
CO2 capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) projects in the United States, Vietnam, and other countries, and knowledge gained from the projects
 Risks
Response to worldwide trend to transition away from fossil fuels Increasing volatility in the resource market due to the spread of COVID-19
 Opportunities
Stably increasing demand for gas, particularly in emerging countries in Asia Growing importance of CCUS technology for the realization of a low-carbon society
 Basic Policies of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 1. Maintain the foundation of the existing exploration and production business 2. Expand our gas supply chain business
3. Prepare to launch environmentally friendly businesses
77 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
  Business Environment and Review of the First Medium-Term Management Plan
We expect steadily increasing demand for energy to continue, despite the temporary stagnation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Oil and natural gas will maintain the position as the main energy sources, and we do not expect any change in the importance of the oil and natural gas exploration and production business (E&P business).
However, with the tightening of environmental regulations in oil-producing countries as well as developed countries, we must take active measures to lower our environmental impact and fully engage in ESG activities in our oil and natural gas E&P business.
Resource prices have been sluggish recently due to the spread of COVID-19, but as supply and demand tightens with economic recovery and demand growth in the medium and long term, we expect our business profitability to return to normal levels.
Our performance results in fiscal 2019, the final year of the first Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2017–FY2019), were as follows.
Existing Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business
Regarding the progress in our large-scale development projects, Mariner oil field and Culzean gas field (both located in the U.K. North Sea) commenced production in 2019. In addition, the Tangguh LNG expansion project in Indonesia is in the final stage with the aim of reaching completion during the second Medium-Term Management Plan. We are rigorously managing both the costs and schedules for each of these projects, and these efforts are yielding substantial results.
Sales Volume (Actual and Plan) by Region
We are executing new investments only in low-risk, low-cost projects in Southeast Asia, where we can utilize our strengths, and projects in Malaysia are already producing results. The license term for Block SK 10 has been extended, and produc- tion has already commenced in Beryl gas field and Layang oil and gas field.
The first Medium-Term Management Plan also focused on project selection and concentration, and we sold our assets in Canada, which were costly and carried a large environmental footprint. We also reorganized the functions of our Malaysia and Vietnam operating bases to improve management resource efficiency.
New Businesses (Technology Strategy)
Since launching the carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) project in the United States in 2017, we have gained advanced expertise in CO2 recovery, the effects of enhanced oil recovery (EOR), and technologies for monitoring injection and storage. With this project, we reduced CO2 emissions by a net 1.7 million tons during the first Medium-Term Management Plan.
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration has signed contracts with the national oil companies of Indonesia and Malaysia to use its CCUS technology and technological expertise for joint research and other activities for oil and natural gas exploration and development projects in the two countries. Even oil-producing countries are increasingly emphasizing the need to implement environmental measures, such as ESG management. Through these joint research activities, we will create environmentally friendly businesses that will reduce the environmental impact of the E&P business.
Breakdown of Sales Volume by Region
FY2018 (Actual) FY2019 (Actual)
FY2020 Plan (announced in May 2020)
(Unit: thousand B/D)
Southeast Asia Middle East
United Kingdom, North America, and other
 27.7
United Kingdom
16.5 15.6 15.3
Middle East
(%) 80
 6.3 16.5
4.2 4.4 5.5
North America
126.9
Total sales volume
  64.6 56.1 65.5
Southeast Asia
104.6 105.6
60 61.8 53.1
       40 20 0
51.6 32.1 36.3
     13.0 13.0 12.9
Other
22.5
15.8 14.8
2018 2019
12.1
2020
(FY)
    (Actual) (Actual) Plan (announced
in May 2020)
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 78

Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production Business
Business Strategy
During the second Medium-Term Management Plan, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration will continue improving and strengthening its financial position, steadily building the value of its existing oil and natural gas E&P business, which is its core business, and increasing its earnings. We will also actively commercialize cutting-edge, environmentally friendly technologies by utilizing on-site verification tests and joint research with oil- and gas-pro- ducing countries.
Base Business
In our existing oil and natural gas E&P business, we will maximize the value of our assets, and focus on project selection and concentration to build a solid business foundation. To this end, we will focus our management resources in the areas and techno- logical fields where we have business strengths and pursue sustainable growth.
Southeast Asia is the area where we can best utilize our strengths. In this area, we have gained the trust of the govern- ments through long-term business activities, and have owned abundant assets advantageous for acquiring new projects and expanding existing projects. Therefore, we recognize this area as the most beneficial location for expanding our business.
Gas Business
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is establishing the gas supply chain by combining its existing upstream gas development business with mid-downstream business such as transport and regasification. This will help to strengthen our business in South- east Asia, where gas demand is steadily increasing.
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration will accelerate efforts to optimize its business portfolio with an eye toward energy transformation in line with the long-term trend toward low-carbon and recycling-ori- ented societies.
We are utilizing carbon dioxide capture, utilization and storage (CCS/CCUS) technologies to reduce CO2 emissions in our existing oil and natural gas E&P business and are steadily progressing toward the establishment of a low-impact resource development business. Our progress in these areas will provide the dual benefits of contributing to society and expanding our business.
Technology
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is particularly strong in EOR and CCUS technologies, where it has accumulated extensive techni- cal expertise through its businesses in the United States and Vietnam. As we continue to advance these technologies, we will seek to apply them to acquire new businesses. Our initial target is to establish an environmentally friendly business for the integra- tion of EOR and CCUS technologies into our existing oil and natural gas E&P business, and we are already engaged in basic research for this in Southeast Asia. We are also acquiring, developing, and applying technologies to conserve energy and improve efficiency.
Through such activities, we will maximize the value of our existing assets, and will contribute to the Group's ESG management, energy conservation, efficiency improvement, and cost reduction.
Exploration and Development Schedule for Main Oil and Gas Fields
   Helang gas field and other (Block SK10, Malaysia)
Tangguh LNG project (Indonesia)
Rang Dong /
Phuong Dong oil fields (Block 15-2, Vietnam)
PNG LNG project (Papua New Guinea)
Mariner oil field (U.K. North Sea)
1998
Start of production at the Rang Dong oil field
2003
Start of production at the Helang gas field
2009
Start of production
2008
Start of production at the Phuong Dong oil field
2014
Final investment decision for the Layang oil and gas field
2017 Acquisition of interests and start of development at the Beryl gas field
2018
Start of gas production at the Beryl gas field
2013 Decided to
extend PSC term of interests at the Rang Dong oil field
2014
Start of HCG-EOR
2019
Decided to extend PSC term of interests at the Phuong Dong oil field
2017: Start of gas production at the Layang oil and gas field 2019: Start of crude oil production at the Layang oil and gas field
  2016
Final investment decision for expansion project
 2007 2009 2014
Start of project study Final investment decision Start of production
 Culzean gas field (U.K. North Sea)
 1994
Acquisition of interests
2012 2013 2019
Acquisition of interests Final investment decision Start of production
2015 2019
Final investment decision Start of production
                        Exploration Development Production
79 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
2010 2020

In FocusLaunching an environmentally friendly business with lower environmental load
 Demand for natural gas is expected to grow steadily in the medium and long term, supported by growing environmen- tal awareness around the world, which is inciting a shift away from high environmental impact energy sources like coal and oil to low-impact natural gas. Severe gas shortag- es in the near future are of particular concern in Asia, which is undergoing rapid economic development.
Southeast Asia, the core business area of JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, still has numerous undeveloped gas fields with high-concentration CO2. We believe it will be necessary to tap into those fields to meet the growing demand for gas.
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is currently engaged in one of the world’s largest commercial CCUS business- es at a thermal power plant in the United States, where we separate and recover high-volume CO2 emissions and inject them into aging oil fields to increase oil production and recovery. This operation has given us a wealth of CCS/CCUS technical expertise, such as CO2 separation and recovery and underground injection and monitoring.
Projected Gas Supply and Demand Gap in the Asia Pacific Region (2020-2040)
This technical expertise is a prime factor in the company’s March 2020 agreement with Malaysia’s state-owned oil company to conduct joint research into using CCS technology for the development of offshore gas fields with high-concentration CO2. The objective is to meet growing demand by developing gas fields with high-concentration CO2 while reducing the environmental burden of those operations by separating and recovering the CO2 in the produced gas and injecting it into nearby aging oil and gas fields.
We are planning to promote this joint research to a model of environmentally friendly resource development business, and develop it into one of our core businesses in the near future.
We will use our accomplishments in Southeast Asia to steadily expand our low-impact energy resource develop- ment business while helping to reduce concerns about regional energy supply and mitigate global warming.
2020 2030
(bcm)
600 500 400 300 200 100
2040
CO2 Separation and Recovery at a Gas Field in Malaysia
CO2 recovery
High-concentrate CO2 gas field
 Reference: 2019 Consumption
Japan: 110 bcm China: 310 bcm India: 60 bcm
        0
Source: BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2019
CO2 transport
Water layer via pipeline Aging oil/gas field
CO2 injection
  China
India
Other
Total
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 80