 Metals Business
We will create new value for copper and rare metals and contribute tGrowth Strategies Related SDGs
 Strengths
Product lineup focused on copper and rare metals, core materials used in electronics applications
Elemental technologies in high purification, recycling, and other areas cultivated in our mineral resources and smelting and refining businesses
Product lineup of functional and thin-film materials with top shares in global niche markets, created through combined application of our elemental technologies
Integrated supply chain, from mineral resources, smelting and refining, recycling to electronic materials
  Risks
Mineral resources: Fluctuations in metal prices that affect profitability, reduction of high-quality ore, tighter environmental regulations
Smelting and refining, recycling and environmental services: Intensifying competition with Asian companies, shrinking Japanese market
Electronic materials: Risk of market loss due to shortened product life cycles, emergence of alternative materials, economic downturns
 Rising number of electronic devices from advancements in IoT and AI along with increasing demand for advanced materials with higher performance and multifunctionality
Opportunities Growing need for recycling from increasing demand to transition to a recycling-oriented society
Increasing demand for copper and rare metals driven by growing middle classes and expanded applications accompanying economic growth in emerging countries
 Basic Policies of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 1. Expand Strategic Investments, Promote Technology Development 2. Review Business Portfolios
3. Develop human resources who could create new value
4. Contribute to the SDGs
81 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020
  Business Environment and Review of the First Medium-Term Management Plan
Earnings in the metals business declined in fiscal 2019 as copper prices plummeted due to concerns about a global recession in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic.
As competition intensifies worldwide, we are developing technology-based businesses to establish a highly profitable earnings structure and contributing to the realization of a sustain- able society with advanced materials. We have divided our activities into two types, base businesses, which are the foundation of our organization, and focus businesses, which are the core of our growth strategy, and are developing both types to take best advan- tage of their individual characteristics. Our performance results during the first Medium-Term Management Plan were as follows.
Base Business Initiatives
In our resources business, we extended the operating surplus achieved in the previous fiscal year at the Caserones Copper Mine by increasing process volumes through the introduction of automated control programs and implementing comprehensive cost control.
In our smelting and refining business, we made the Saganose- ki Smelter & Refinery and the Hitachi Refinery wholly owned subsidiaries, enabling them to operate autonomously. We are working to further boost our competitiveness by integrating the smelting and refining and environmental recycling businesses and optimizing the composition of our raw materials.
Focus Business Initiatives
Our functional materials business recorded weak sales of treated rolled copper foil amid an adjustment in demand for smartphones. Our thin film materials business posted strong sales of sputtering targets for semiconductors despite severe conditions, supported
by broad-based demand for semiconductors. We continued to expand our production facilities in both businesses in anticipation of growing demand in the medium and long term fueled by increasing use of IoT and AI and the spread of 5th generation (5G) network technology.
In our tantalum and niobium business, we continued to pursue synergies with the Group’s technologies and expertise while providing a stable supply of high-quality materials to meet our customers’ needs. We renamed H.C. Starck Tantalum and Niobium GmbH as TANIOBIS and in July 2020 launched a new brand for the company. This new start further enhances our ability to offer innovative solutions using high-performance tantalum and niobium materials, which are indispensable for realizing the promise of IoT and AI.
In our titanium business, operations commenced at the factory run by Toho Titanium Co., Ltd.’s joint venture sponge titanium business in Saudi Arabia. We are also fortifying our supply structure for ultra-fine nickel, an electronic component material used in titanium manufacturing technology, in anticipation of growing demand driven by higher function communication equipment, the electrification of automobiles, and the spread of 5G technology.
We also expect the rapid increase in electric vehicles to lead to increased demand for recycling of lithium-ion batteries used in electric vehicles. We are accelerating technological development of “Closed-Loop Recycling” for rare materials used in automotive batteries and has begun verification tests for a method for recovering battery-grade metallic salts from used automotive lithium-ion batteries.
In addition, we are engaged in accelerator programs in fields ranging from advanced materials and high-performance and multifunctional materials to recycling technology and are investing in start-up ventures with advanced technologies, such as alloys designed for metal 3D printers, as we seek to build revenues in our focus businesses.
Overview of Functional Materials and Thin Film Materials (Global Market Share)
Sputtering targets for semiconductors
Sputtering targets for magnetic applications
InP compound semiconductors
Treated rolled copper foil
Phosphor bronze foil (under 0.1mm thickness)
High strength,
high conductivity Corson alloy
Titanium copper foil
High purity tantalum powder for electronic components
 Products
Global market share
(as of 2019)
60% (No.1)
60% (No.1)
50% (No.1)
80% (No.1)
65% (No.1)
60% (No.1)
70% (No.1)
30% (No.1)
Primary applications
CPUs, memory chips, etc.
Hard disks, etc.
Optical communications devices, ultra-fast ICs
Flexible printed circuit boards
Connectors, springs for electronic parts
Connectors, lead frames
High-end connectors, etc.
Capacitors, etc.
Computers
Mobile phones, smartphones
End-use applications
 Digital home electronics, audiovisual
Communications infrastructure, data centers
Automotive
                 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 82

Metals Business
Business Strategy
Based on the JX Nippon Mining & Metals Group Long-Term Vision 2040, formulated in fiscal 2019, the company is transforming itself from an equipment industry company to a technology-based company that provides high-value-added products and technolo- gies in order to contribute to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) advocated by the United Nations.
The three years from 2020 have been designated as the period for sowing the seeds for transformation into a technology-based company through corporate management promoting greater autonomy, agility, and independence under the basic policies of the second Medium-Term Management Plan.
Focus Businesses
It is expected that the explosive increase in data traffic will gener- ate growing demand for data centers, optical communications infrastructure, communications devices such as smartphones, and all types of smart devices. Demand is expected to grow for advanced materials for both infrastructure and devices and to increase even further for treated rolled copper foil, semiconductor targets, and other products for which JX Nippon Mining & Metals holds world-leading market shares. We plan to further expand our production capacity to ensure that we fully capture growing demand. We will also construct a more resilient business structure with a rock-solid supply chain of overseas bases fortified against natural disasters and geopolitical risks.
Base Businesses
In our base businesses, faced with a challenging business environment where rising costs and deteriorating market conditions are expected to continue, we are working to boost the profitability of the Caserones Copper Mine and strengthen our ability to adapt to changing market conditions.
At the Caserones Copper Mine, we aim to establish profitabili- ty by continuously improving operations and reducing costs in all processes. In our smelting and refining and recycling businesses, in April 2020, we made the Saganoseki Smelter and Refinery a wholly owned subsidiary and shifted to a system with integrated smelting and refining and recycling business operations. Under the new system, we are increasing the processing volume of recycled raw materials to create the best mix of raw materials. We are also seeking to boost our competitiveness by increasing our collection capacity for recyclable raw materials and improving our physical sorting equipment.
Developing Mechanisms for Creating
New Businesses
As a technology-based company, we are developing mecha- nisms for constantly creating new businesses.
We are developing new business areas by advancing and utilizing core technologies of JX Nippon Mining & Metals while engaging in co-creation with outside resources, building a highly functional organization able to handle an increase in cross-division projects, discovering and pursuing new business themes such as open innovation and stage-gate processes, and promoting the use of IoT and AI technologies. We are also actively cultivating human resources to lead our new business ventures. We are pursuing medium- and long-term themes for new businesses, such as recycling of EV lithium-ion batteries, while aiming to introduce new products beginning in 2023.
Developing Human Resources
Who Can Create New Value
Human resources who can create new value and adapt to a new age and new values are essential for our transformation into a technology-based company. We are dedicated to investing in our human resources.
As part of this effort, in June 2020 we relocated the head office
of JX Nippon Mining & Metals to create the corporate culture
necessary for the development of the desired human resources.
The new head office incorporates activity-based working* and an
open layout designed to emphasize communication in order to
remove barriers within the organization with the aim of encourag-
ing active communication and enhancing productivity.
* Activity-based working (ABS) is a work style that allows employees to use mobile devices and choose the location, time, and method of working according to their job responsibilities.
Contributing to the Achievement of the SDGs
As a technology-based company, JX Nippon Mining & Metals is committed to achieving the SDGs through innovation and human resource development.
We contribute to the development of IoT and AI technologies that are becoming key elements of our modern lifestyles by providing advanced materials that are integral to the innovation of electronic devices. In addition, toward the realization of a carbon-free society, the company endorsed the Challenge Zero project of the Japan Business Federation (Keidanren) and is aiming to reduce its total CO2 emissions by 50% by 2040 and achieve total emissions of net zero by 2050. To achieve these targets, we are advancing the development of recycling technolo- gies and high-performance materials that contribute to the reduc- tion and utilization of CO2.
83 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020

In FocusBench-scale equipment for recycling automotive lithium-ion batteries goes into operation
 In February 2020, JX Nippon Mining & Metals installed and commenced operating continuously operating small-scale test equipment in the Hitachi Works as bench-scale equipment for recycling automotive lithium-ion batteries. Anticipating a large increase in the number of used automotive lithium-ion batteries, we are accelerating the development of technology to enable “Closed-Loop Recycling” to recover rare metals from used batteries and reuse the metals in new automotive battery materials.
Increasing global environmental awareness in recent years is fueling the spread of electric vehicles (EVs) and other vehicles with a low environmental impact. Since most of these vehicles use lithium-ion batteries, demand is expected to grow for cobalt, nickel, lithium, and other rare metals used to make cathode materials for these batteries. This trend is expected to produce a sharp rise in the volume of used automotive lithium-ion batteries in the years 2025–2030, and therefore recovery of rare metals from the used batteries and ensuring a stable supply and efficient use of raw materials will be key issues.
Recycled Product Samples
JX Nippon Mining & Metals is already conducting Japan’s largest verification tests for recycling consum- er-use lithium-ion batteries and has technology for direct recovery of rare metals, not only from discarded cathode materials but also from used batteries. The bench-scale equipment is the next step in developing the technology to create “Closed-Loop Recycling” focused on automo- tive lithium-ion batteries.
The purpose of the facility is to produce recycled product samples using cobalt, nickel, and lithium separat- ed from metals in raw materials provided by automobile manufacturers and battery manufacturers, and to establish a mass production process capable of operating at viable cost levels. The facility features high flexibility to produce various substances, including metals and high-purity metal salts in powder and liquid form that can be directly used as raw materials for batteries.
A large-scale recycling system that includes recovery and dismantling is needed for the recycling of automotive lithium-ion batteries to become the norm. The company is creating this technology to accelerate the realization of such a recycling system and to establish its position in the recycling industry.
     Lithium carbonate Cobalt sulfate (liquid) Cobalt sulfate (powder) Nickel sulfate (liquid) Nickel sulfate (powder) (powder)
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2020 84