  CORPORATE REPORT 2020
      Connecting the societies with engineering
   
 Introduction
  Cultivating Technological Capabilities, Seeking Affluence and Contributing to Society
The corporate philosophy of the KYOWA EXEO Group, which is the basic guideline for our corporate social responsibility, includes cultivating technological capabilities, seeking affluence and contributing to society.
The corporate philosophy clearly answers the question: “Why does the KYOWA EXEO Group exist?” The utmost ground for existence is the Group’s technological capabilities. Throughout its existence, the Group has aimed to be a corporate group that always anticipates and pursues better technologies at the forefront of leading-edge technologies. The technological capabilities cultivated through these efforts will help create more affluent living environments for people. The Group intends to be a valuable enterprise by contributing to society through activities in the pursuit of state-of-the-art technologies.
 1 Corporate Report 2020

  About the EXEO Group
3 Consolidated Financial and Non-financial Highlights 5 Milestones of the KYOWA EXEO Group
9 Greetings/Message from the President
Business Activities
13 The KYOWA EXEO Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan 15 Business Overview
21 Special Feature
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives
27 The KYOWA EXEO Group’s Corporate Value Creation
Corporate Value Creation Process SDG Initiatives
31 CSR Concept
33 Environmental Initiatives
39 Social Initiatives
Quality Assurance and Customer Satisfaction Improvement Organizational Enhancement
Shareholder and Stakeholder Relations
Human Resources Development
Promotion of Diversity and Inclusion
55 Management Systems
Corporate Governance Compliance
Risk Management
62 Board of Directors Corporate Data
63 Financial Section
69 Company Overview and Stock Information 71 Overview of Group Companies
       Editorial Policy
Period Covered by the Report: Organizations Covered by the Report: Reference Guidelines: Issuance:
Next Issuance Scheduled:
From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020 (However, in some cases, activities before and after the coverage period are also included in this report.) Companies subject to consolidation of the KYOWA EXEO Group (However, in some cases, KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION’s non-consolidated data are used instead of consolidated data.) GRI “Sustainability Reporting Standards” ISO26000 “Guidance on social responsibility”
September 2020 August 2021
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION has been selected for inclusion in the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index published by MSCI.
*1: MSCI Inc. (“MSCI”) is a provider of an extensive range of financial services, including the calculation of stock indexes and portfolio analysis.
*2: The inclusion of KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION in the MSCI Index and the use of MSCI’s logo, trade- mark, service mark and index name do not constitute MSCI’s or its affiliates’ support, guarantee and/or promotion of KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION. MSCI indices are MSCI’s exclusive properties. MSCI’s and MSCI Indices’ names and logos are trademarks and/or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
Notice on forward-looking statements
This Corporate Report 2020 contains forward-looking statements such as future busi- ness performance outlook of KYOWA EXEO. As these statements are based on the information available at the time of the preparation of this report, the actual results may differ materially from the content described or suggested therein due to various factors. As this corporate report is not intended for the purpose of soliciting invest- ment, all users of this report are advised to undertake decisions concerning investment at their own discretion.
The figures stated in units of ¥100 million and ¥1 million are rounded down.
  KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
https://www.exeo.co.jp/en/
29-20, Shibuya 3-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0002, Japan
Corporate Report 2020 2
 
 Consolidated Financial and Non-financial Highlights
Financial Information (as of March 31, 2020)
 Orders Received
¥556.3billion Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
¥15.6billion Capital Stock
¥6.8billion Dividend Payout Ratio
¥80.0 / 57.2 % 3 Corporate Report 2020
Net Sales
¥524.5billion Earnings per Share
¥139.75
Shareholders’ Shareholders’ Equity Equityes to Total Assets
¥266.4billion / 59.9% Years Since Foundation
66 years
Operating Income Income Margin
¥31.1billion / 5.9% ROE ROA
5.9% / 3.6% Cash Flows
Operating activities Investing activities Financing activities
¥17.2billion ¥(17.0)billion ¥4.2billion Number of Consolidated Group Companies
88
                                     
Non-financial Information (as of March 31, 2020) *Non-consolidated
 Number of Employees
Men: Women: 3,744 / 267
Ratio of Women in Managerial Positions
1.6%
Percentage of Employees with Disabilities
2.54%
Percentage of Independent Directors to All Directors
33%
Hiring Ratio Between Men and Women
Average Years of Continuous Employment
Women: /14.0
Percentage of Employees Who Returned to Work after Childcare Leaves
       Men:
Women:
Men:
/ 13
Percentage of Annual Paid Leaves Taken
63%
Turnover Ratio in Three Years after Joining the Company
6.0%
CO2 Emission
6,681t-CO2
17.6
Percentage of Childcare Leaves Taken
87
years
years
%
%
         100% / 100% Number of Employees with IT-related
Expert Qualifications
304
Electricity Generated from the Solar Power Generation Facility Owned by KYOWA EXEO
25GWh
               Corporate Report 2020 4
     About the EXEO Group

  Milestones of the KYOWA EXEO Group
Since its foundation in 1954 as Kyowa Densetsu Kaisha, Ltd., KYOWA EXEO has continued to create “linkages” in society.
Corporate History
1954 Established Kyowa Densetsu Kaisha, Ltd.
(headquartered in Shiba-Hamamatsu-cho, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
1954 Accredited by Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corp. (now NTT) in relation to communications lines, communica- tions machinery and radio transmissions for telecommuni- cations facilities
1963 Listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange 1963 Expanded overseas and began work on line laying and civil
engineering projects in Honduras, in Central America.
1963 Expanded into communications and electric power construction projects beyond Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corp.
2001 Merged with Showa Technos
2004 Daiwa Densetsu made a Group company
2004 Wako Engineering made a Group company
2010 Ikeno Tsuuken made a Group company
2015 Wako Engineering and Ikeno Tsuuken merged, Exeo Tech Corporation established
2018 C-Cube, Seibu Electric Industry and Nippon Dentsu made Group companies
  1972 Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange 1982 Entered the system integration business
1986 Entered the environment business
1991 Changed the company name to Kyowa Exeo Corporation
1998 Entered the network integration business
1999 New company headquarters building is completed in Shibuya (Shibuya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo)
1988 Net Sales
¥100.0 Billion
Leap Period
2018 Exeo Global Pte. Ltd. established in Singapore
                      1974 Net Sales
¥50.0 Billion
Under the trade name of Kyowa Densetsu Kaisha, Ltd.,
Reform Period
Entered other businesses
in pursuit of business expansion
                                                               Foundation Period
contributed to the development of telecommunication facilities based on Cooperation and Harmonization.
                                         5 Corporate Report 2020
        
     1997 Net Sales
¥200.0 Billion
Growth Period
Moved toward further development in the 21st century
New Foundation
Focusing Group,s strengths to take total solutions
to a new growth stage
2019 Net Sales
¥524.5 Billion
Targets for Fiscal 2020
Net Sales: ¥525.0 Billion Operating Income: ¥32.0 Billion
  2006 Net Sales
¥300.0 Billion
               Under the name of
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION,
broke the mold and
continually ventured out to address new challenges
Events
July 2019
Takumi Nemoto, Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare visited our Central Technical Training Center.
July 2019
Acquired Kita Daihyaku Tsushin Denki, a company engaged in telecommuni- cation infrastructure busi- ness mainly in Hokkaido.
July 2019
Acquired Eiwa Builtech, a company specializing in air-conditioning and sani- tary facility works mainly in Fukuoka Prefecture.
                                      November 2019
Toru Ebihara, an em- ployee of KYOWA EXEO, won a gold medal at the 57th National Skills Com- petition.
August 2019
Acquired Sun Planning Systems, a company with strengths in BPM, RPA and health checkup systems.
October 2019
Acquired Winner Engineer- ing Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company specializing in air-conditioning facility work.
January 2020
Completed the construc- tion of a biomass plant for Japan Racing Association’s Ritto Training Center.
October 2019
Acquired Hikari Progress, a company specializing in wiring of optical telecom- munication cables mainly in Okinawa Prefecture.
November 2019
Acquired CPU, a com- pany specializing in development and sale of software, such as for 3D architectural CAD and civil engineering cost estima- tion systems.
March 2020
Completed the replace- ment of conventional lighting facilities with LED for the main roof of Saitama Super Arena.
April 2020
Set up Crisis Management Office, a new organiza- tional unit to strengthen crisis contingency man- agement.
November 2019
March 2020
Selected as a Nadeshiko Brand for the first time, in recognition of KYOWA EXEO’s successful efforts in encouraging women’s active participation in the workplace.
March 2020
Renewed our corporate website
                     April 2020
Set up IOWN Promotion Office, a new organizational unit to promote the development of business and tech- nologies related to realizing IOWN, a next generation communication infrastructure.
January 2020 April 2020
                                Social contribution activities
    Provided support for Shuri-jo Castle in Okinawa Prefecture that had suf- fered damage from a fire.
Provided financial support for regions affected by Typhoons Nos. 15 and 19 of 2019.
Provided relief supplies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
                     Corporate Report 2020 6
         About the EXEO Group
              
Milestones of the KYOWA EXEO Group
Events
On July 5, Takumi Nemoto, Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, visited our Central Technical Training Center located in Wako, Saitama Prefecture to see its facilities and actual training sessions. He also met Yoshiaki Shimizu, an employee of KYOWA EXEO who had won a gold medal in the information network cabling category at the 44th World Skills Competition held in Abu Dhabi, UAE in 2017.
Toru Ebihara, an employee of KYOWA EXEO, representing Saitama Prefecture, won a gold medal in the information network cabling category at the 57th National Skills Competi- tion held between November 1 5 and 1 8 in commemoration of the enthronement of the emperor.
This is the first gold medal our employees have won in the past three competitions, and 7th in total.
Completed the construction of a biomass plant for Japan Racing Association’s Ritto Training Center in Ritto, Shiga Prefecture, and delivered it to Japan Racing Associa- tion after implementing a test run and other necessary procedures.
         7 Corporate Report 2020
  July 2019
Takumi Nemoto, Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare visited our Central Technical Training Center.
November 2019
Toru Ebihara, an employee of KYOWA EXEO, won a gold medal at the 57th National Skills Competition.
January 2020
Completed the construction of a biomass plant for Japan Racing Association’s Ritto Training Center.
   July 2019
Acquired Kita Daihyaku Tsushin Denki, a company engaged in telecommunication infrastructure business mainly in Hokkaido.
August 2019
Acquired Sun Planning Systems, a company with strengths in BPM, RPA and health checkup systems.
October 2019
Acquired Hikari Progress, a company special- izing in wiring of optical telecommunication cables mainly in Okinawa Prefecture.
   July 2019
Acquired Eiwa Builtech, a company special- izing in air-conditioning and sanitary facility works mainly in Fukuoka Prefecture.
October 2019
Acquired Winner Engineering Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company specializing in air-conditioning facility work.
November 2019
Acquired CPU, a company specializing in development and sale of software, such as for 3D architectural CAD and civil engineering cost estimation systems.
 
  March 2020
Completed the replacement of conventional lighting facilities with LED for the main roof of Saitama Super Arena.
March 2020 March 2020
Selected as a Nadeshiko Brand for the first
time, in recognition of KYOWA EXEO’s Renewed our corporate website
successful efforts in encouraging women’s active participation in the workplace.
      April 2020
Set up Crisis Management Office, a new organizational unit to strengthen crisis contingency management.
April 2020
Set up IOWN Promotion Office, a new organizational unit to promote the development of business and technologies related to realizing IOWN, a next generation communication infrastructure.
     November 2019 January 2020 April 2020
Social contribution activities
   About the EXEO Group
  Completed the replacement of conventional lighting facilities with LED for the main roof of Saitama Super Arena.
The state-of-the-art full-color LED lights can provide a range of lighting modes, such as colorful lighting expressions and white- color illumination.
Selected as the Fiscal 2019 Nadeshiko Brand under a program jointly run by Ministry of Economy, Trade and Infrastructure and Tokyo Stock Exchange to recognize listed com- panies that have successfully encouraged women’s active participation in the workplace.
This was our first time to be selected as a Nadeshiko Brand.
Renewed both design and contents of our website to make it easier for users to read and understand. It has also been designed to enable easy access from smartphones, tablets and other devices.
Set up a new organizational unit, Crisis Management Office, in the aim of further strengthening our capability of maintaining facilities, such as for providing our services, and responding to reputation risks arising from cyber-attacks or pandemics.
To help realize by 2030 the Innovative Optical and Wireless Network (IOWN), an initiative led by Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corpora- tion, set up a new organizational unit IOWN Promotion Office in the ICT Solutions Headquarters, which focuses on initiatives for developing a smart society following the modern society by creating innovations beyond conventional ideas together with partnering organizations.
Provided support for Shuri-jo Castle in Okinawa Prefecture that had suffered damage from a fire.
Offered donation to Okinawa Prefecture to support recovery and reconstruction of Shuri-jo Castle, a World Heritage and the Prefecture’s historical and cultural icon that had been damaged by a fire.
Provided financial support for regions affected by Typhoons Nos. 15 and 19 of 2019.
Provided Chiba Prefecture with a relief do- nation to support the people affected by Typhoons Nos. 15 and 19 of 2019 and to help the recovery of affected areas.
Provided relief supplies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Donated N95 facemasks to the Prefectures of Tokyo, Osaka and Fukuoka in response to the shortage of infection prevention sup- plies at medical institutions coping with COVID-19.
Corporate Report 2020 8

 TOP MESSAGE
Greetings
 President & CEO
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
Thank you for your understanding and continuing support for the overall business operations of the KYOWA EXEO Group.
I extend my deepest sympathies to those individuals who have passed away due to the COVID-19 pandemic that be- gan in early 2020. I am also praying for prompt recovery of those infected with COVID-19. I would like to pay tribute to healthcare workers throughout the world who are coping and struggling with the ever-changing situations while wish- ing to see the crisis end as soon as possible.
Since its foundation in 1954, the Group has consistently con- tinued its business activities leveraging its specialized tech- nologies for information and communication infrastructure services as its core competency. It has provided end-to-end centralized services relating to the development of informa- tion and communication facilities throughout Japan. Follow- ing the management integration with three companies in western Japan, which was completed on October 1, 2018, the Group further solidified its strengths—total process, total so- lutions, and nationwide construction services.
The “exeo” of KYOWA EXEO Group is a Latin word that refers to breaking the mold and continually venturing out to address new challenges. Reaffirming the meaning of the company name, we will continue to make flexible re- sponses to a changing business environment and provide total solutions in a wide range of business fields by gather- ing the strength of the entire Group.
In April 2020, we renewed our website based on the con- cept “Engineering for Fusion— connecting the societies with engineering.” The new website elaborates the three domains of our business—telecommunication infrastructure, urban infrastructure, and system solutions—from various perspec- tives. It emphasizes our intension to become a “bridge” to connect these three domains with cities, people and products using our engineering and technological capabilities. We are a group of companies that pursue and acquire even better and more advanced technologies in the ever-changing times. Leveraging such technological capabilities, we will seek to achieve sustainable growth based on CSR-focused manage- ment, making social contributions that are appropriate for new norms in the post-COVID society and thereby becom- ing a company that is recognized as valuable for society.
 9 Corporate Report 2020

Contributing to the Sustainable Growth of Society
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s corporate philosophy includes cultivating technological capabilities, seeking affluence, and contributing to society. Under this philosophy and with its technological capabilities as a driver for growth, the Group has grown to be the way it is today. Against the backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic worldwide, as solu- tions are being sought in and outside Japan, I believe our capabilities will contribute significantly to help resolve new social issues.
The Group will continue to fulfill its social responsibilities through its businesses, thereby addressing Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations in 2015.
Business Results, Initiatives and Achievements of Fiscal 2019
In regards to the business environment in fiscal 2019, the first half saw strong growth continuing from fiscal 2018. In the second half, however, the consumption tax hike that impacted the economy was coupled with the COVID-19 pandemic during the end of the fiscal year that brought the global economy to a halt. The economy thus entered a period of significant decline, faced with uncertainties as to whether the pandemic will be contained and when the economy will recover.
Under this drastically changing business environment, however, a range of new initiatives have been launched. In the telecommunications sector, telecommunication carri- ers began providing commercial 5G service, announcing that they will bring forward the planned installation of base stations. IoT, AI and other cutting-edge technologies have been disseminated further, various information has been
digitalized, and digital transformation, including data circu- lation and utilization, has been accelerated. Furthermore, the diffusion of cashless payments has progressed in full scale, stimulated by the reward point programs introduced in conjunction with the consumption tax hike. In the con- struction sector, on the other hand, though infrastructure and urban development projects for Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games had reached their peak, since the Olympic and Paralympic Games had been postponed due to COVID-19 and also to prevent infection, some of them, especially in metropolitan areas, had been decided to be terminated.
Under these circumstances, the KYOWA EXEO Group grew significantly in sales, reflecting its organic growth as well as the strong growth of its three subsidiaries in western Japan following their management integration in October 2018. The Group’s telecommunication carrier business worked to increase orders and sales by focusing on the installation of fixed-line and mobile telecommunica- tion networks as well as the redevelopment of the Group formation with its subsidiaries in western Japan and its ex- isting subsidiaries. Its urban infrastructure and system solutions businesses, which are positioned as growth businesses, conducted proactive sales activities to win large-scale projects, strengthened its SI business base through M&As, and worked to expand its global business, especially in the APAC region.
The cooperative initiatives with the three subsidiaries in western Japan have been steadily implemented as well, creating a synergy effect of ¥500 million in consolidated operating income through acquisition of new orders, im- proved efficiency of construction with mutual support for optimal utilization, and reduction of subcontracting costs. However, the resulting profit was slightly below the
  Operation highlight
Orders received (¥Billion) 556.3
525.0
Net sales (¥Billion) 524.5
525.0
2020 (plan)
Operating income (¥Billion)
31.7
31.1
         424.3
2018
2019 2020 (plan)
423.7
2018
2019
2018
2019 2020 (plan)
32.0
      Corporate Report 2020 10
     About the EXEO Group

TOP MESSAGE
planned figure due to increases in selling, general and ad- ministrative expenses, non-operating expenses, etc.
As a result, for fiscal 2019, the KYOWA EXEO Group recorded orders received of ¥556.3 billion (up 31% year over year), net sales of ¥524.5 billion (up 24% year over year), operating income of ¥31.1 billion (down 2% year over year). Cash flow, which is an indicator of the amount of cash on hand at the end of the fiscal year, continued to increase steadily and reached ¥46.0 billion at the end of fiscal 2019 when compared to ¥15.2 billion at the end of fiscal 2016.
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s telecommunication carrier business began receiving orders for 5G-related projects including mobile facilities installation for the pre-service to be provided at the venue for Rugby World Cup. Its urban infrastructure business completed large-scale projects including for solar power generation facilities and data centers and telecommunication works for airports and highways in various regions of Japan. Its system solutions business worked to expand new solutions domains towards the full-scale dissemination of IoT services, in ad- dition to large-scale projects for system maintenance and operation as well as telecommunication facility works for international airports in the global business domain.
In regards to our subsidiaries, the C-CUBE group’s tele- communication carrier business worked to increase main- tenance work, implementing measures to improve productivity, such as by reviewing its work structure for the access area. Its urban infrastructure business received orders for large-scale projects, including those for electric utility conduit works and works for conduit lines for elec- tricity generated from solar power as well as a power-sup- ply facility project for a plant required to renew its equipment. Its system solutions business completed vari- ous projects for companies and government agencies, including the transition to Windows 10 and installation of computers and other devices and system modifications in conjunction with the consumption tax hike.
The Seibu Electric Industry group’s telecommunication carrier business worked to grow optical network cabling and facility maintenance works, having received orders for transmission line construction works and works to prevent electromagnetic induction as part of the development of the high-speed wireless communication environment. Its urban infrastructure business received orders for electric and mechanical equipment works for new buildings as well as large-scale solar power generation facility works. Its system solutions business conducted intelligent trans- port systems-related works and communication network installation works for schools and other educational institu- tions.
The NIPPON DENTSU group’s telecommunication busi- ness made steady progress in constructing 4G wireless base stations in the NCC sector. Its system solutions busi- ness focused on enterprise systems development,
replacement of servers and other devices, installation of computers for educational use, integrating its new solu- tions business including AI products it developed in-house with digital marketing activities. Its urban infrastructure business received large-scale orders, including communi- cation equipment works for highways and national roads and installation of POS systems and other sales devices for highway service areas.
Outlook for Fiscal 2020
We anticipate that, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the relative importance of telecommunication infrastructure for teleworking and online conferencing will further increase in fiscal 2020 and that the market in relation to solutions for diversified workstyles and lifestyles will expand, leading to expectations that capital investment in the information and communication sector will be solid. The KYOWA EXEO Group will continue to increase sales through organic growth as it did in fiscal 2019 and concurrently will seek to improve its productivity while coping with restrictions placed on its operations, thereby aiming to mark another record high.
Concerning our targeted performance for fiscal 2020, we aim to achieve orders received of ¥525.0 billion (down 6% year over year), net sales of ¥525.0 billion (unchanged year over year), and operating income of ¥32.0 billion (up 3% year over year).
In the telecommunication carrier business, we will con- tinue to work together with our group companies to increase and secure orders so as to strengthen our earn- ing capability through creation of synergy effects, while paying attention to major telecommunication carriers’ cap- ital investment trends.
In the urban infrastructure business, we seek to increase sales and earning capability by acquiring large- scale projects, including 700 MHz television transmission- related works and electrical engineering works for datacenters and other facilities.
In the system solutions business, we will take on chal- lenges in new technologies and domains. Specifically, we will work on the GIGA school program, a program led by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology that provide every child receiving mandatory education with a computer and develop a high-speed network environment for them; Service Now ITSM
 11 Corporate Report 2020

Development Support Service, which supports the adop- tion and development of platforms that help change workstyles through digitalization and increase productivity; and local 5G, which is expected to be adopted in Japan. We will provide engineering, solution, maintenance and other services for new technologies and domains as rep- resented above. In particular, for Service Now that is expected to be rolled out globally, we are fostering the de- velopment of over a hundred engineers. In October 2019, we established Digital Consulting Headquarters, an orga- nization in charge of sale of system solutions for these new technologies and domains. We intend to also share our knowledge and expertise in workplace innovation, such as a shift to paperless operations, which was led by Digital Transformation Strategic Division which promotes digital transformation of the KYOWA EXEO Group. In the global business, we will focus on fostering the develop- ment of local personnel while expanding business domains especially in the APAC region, thereby developing a foun- dation for growth.
For M&As, as it has been the case in the past, when we identify a deal from which we can anticipate synergy effects to be generated, such as solidification and enhancement of the three business segments of the Group, we will, without hesitation, discuss and adequately evaluate it among the Group.
ESG and SDGs Initiatives
The largest foundation of the KYOWA EXEO Group’s ex- istence is its technological capabilities. We have consistently pursued and acquired more advanced tech- nologies throughout the every-changing times. Helping solve social issues with the technological capabilities we have thus accumulated drives us to create value for and with society and achieve sustainable growth of the Group. The businesses and CSR/ESG activities the Group conducts resonate with Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations in 2015 and help solve many social issues.
https://www.exeo.co.jp/company/sustainability/
Our corporate website introduces the KYOWA EXEO Group’s initiatives for SDGs and sustainability-oriented ac- tivities. It introduces our diverse and attractive business activities that prioritize CSR, environmental protection, a culture of safety and quality, our policy of regarding em- ployees as the Group’s primary properties, governance, disaster recovery and SDGs.
These activities have attracted attention, and KYOWA EXEO has been selected as the Fiscal 2 0 1 9 Nadeshiko Brand under a program that recognizes listed companies that have successfully encouraged women’s active par- ticipation in the workplace. In addition, an employee of KYOWA EXEO won a gold medal in the information net- work cabling category at the 57th National Skills Compe- tition held in commemoration of the enthronement of the emperor. On top of encouragement of women’s active participation in the workplace, we will continue to focus on sustainability management, including diversity and inclusion and human resources development, to realize an environment where diverse values are respected and achieve sustainable growth.
Distributing Returns to Shareholders
The KYOWA EXEO Group regards profit distribution to shareholders as an important managerial issue and has a basic policy of ensuring stable dividends, while consider- ing business results, the future business environment and investments for ensuring financial strength and business expansion.
Regarding dividends, we employ a dividend on equity (DOE) of 3.5% as the benchmark percentage. Accordingly, the annual dividend per share for fiscal 2019 was ¥80.
For fiscal 2020, based on the 3.5% DOE ratio, we plan to increase the annual dividend per share by ¥2 and ac- cordingly pay ¥82 (an interim dividend per share of ¥41 and a year-end dividend per share of ¥41).
Our policy concerning share buy-back is to conduct buy-back flexibly, considering our cash flows and market situations. For fiscal 2020, we will positively consider pos- sible buy-back while paying attention to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, stock price and cash flows.
With respect to return on equity (ROE) ratio and earning per share (EPS), we seek to improve them after their fall in fiscal 2019 so as to increase profits and capital efficiency.
The COVID-1 9 pandemic has caused unprecedented economic stagnation and setback. Facing up to this crisis, we will enforce infection prevention and safety measures for the employees of the Group and its subcontracting companies. The KYOWA EXEO Group will work in unity and make its utmost efforts to provide added value to its shareholders and to steadily improve its performance for fiscal 2020. Continuous guidance and advice from share- holders would be appreciated.
 Corporate Report 2020 12
     About the EXEO Group

 The KYOWA EXEO Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan
Medium-Term Management Plan
Focus Group strengths to take total solutions to a new growth stage.
The Group developed a new Medium-Term Management Plan from FY2016.
In consideration of the progress of the plan through FY2018 and the integration of three companieson October 1, 2018 (C-Cube, Seibu Electric Industry and Nippon Dentsu), the current Medium-Term Management Plan was partially revised.
To achieve this revised plan, the Group will continue to make full, group-wide efforts to make progress onits business, establishing a management base that is resilient to changes in the operating environment.
Under this vision, we will push forward our various endeavors based on the following six basic strategies
Basic Policies (Changed)
1. Creation of group synergy with the three integrated companies
2. Acceleration of solution business and expansion of stock business
3. Building of construction formation for the full-scale launch of 5G
4. Development of overseas business with EXEO GLOBAL as a starting point
5. Improvement of productivity through the digitalization of operations and the fostering of highly-skilled IT human resources 6. Increase in shareholder value due to the improvement of capital efficiency
Performance Targets (consolidated)
  Net sales
 Operating income
 ROE
 EPS
   Achievements and targets (Changed)
¥525.0 bn
¥32.0 bn (Operating income margin 6.6%) 7.8%
¥189
     Business Portfolio
2015
¥287.4bn
Achievements and targets (Changed)
  SYSTEM-SOLUTIONS
Telecommunication SYSTEM-SOLUTIONS
Infrastructure
64%
Expansion of net sales
and business domains through management integration
Urban Infrastructure
26%
Telecommunication Infrastructure
   13%
Urban Infrastructure
23%
24% 50%
     ¥525.0bn
  13 Corporate Report 2020

Initiatives for Medium to Long-term Growth
Further enhance initiatives for expanding the solutions business and provide our own products bundled with partners’ products to support customers’ digital transformation.
Challenge
Solution
Automatize operations with the adoption of Service Now
Realize teleworking using Microsoft Teams Optimize IT infrastructure and strengthen security
Visualize and reform operation process with iGrafx
Develop an optimal network with local 5G, EXBeacon, etc.
Improve power supply efficiency with DC power supply and take environmental measures
Adopt disaster prevention IoT, including for water level monitoring, and install mobile storage batteries
       IT-related
Improved efficiency of IT operations
 Implementation of COVID-19 measures
   Expand the use of cloud services
              Operation- related
2025 digital cliff Renewal of enterprise systems
Transition to smart plants
   Energy saving in buildings, and environment
   Urgent need of disaster prevention measures
   *Microsoft, Office 365 and Microsoft Teams are registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the U.S. and other countries.
Initiatives for New Technologies and Domains
 GIGA school
The GIGA school program is a five-year program led by the Min- istry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology that provide every child receiving man- datory education with a computer and develop a high-speed network environment for them.
  Service Now
Service Now is a U.S. cloud service company providing an operational platform that helps increase companies’ productivity in the aim of changing people’s workstyles.
  Local 5G
Local 5G is a wireless communi- cation system in which a company or a local government develops and utilizes its own network in its premises based on 5G technol- ogy.
 Initiatives for Improved Productivity through Digitalization of Operational Processes
 Promotion of workplace innovation
Improve on-site and desktop work processes Shift from analogue to digital operations Improve workplace environment, etc.
  Promotion of system innovation
Review common and business systems, and share the systems among the Group Utilize AI, IoT and other new technologies Develop a foundation for data analysis, etc.
 Corporate Report 2020 14
     Business Activities

 Business Overview
Telecommunication Carrier
Core business covering all of Japan
To build a safe and secure ICT-based society, broadband services have expanded while technology has become increasingly diverse and sophisticated. Using its long track record and standout technologies in the development of telecommunications networks, Kyowa Exeo provides consistently high quality services on a nationwide scale for all types of telecommunications equipment of telecom carriers, from planning and design to installation, operation and maintenance.
 Construction of network facilities
Kyowa Exeo designs, installs and maintains the infrastructure re- quired for the networks operated mainly by telecom carrier cus- tomers, including servers, routers, switches, optical transmission equipment and switching equipment. Beyond just physically build- ing facilities, our comprehensive services extend to setting up the software these networks need to run.
Access Networks fiber optic
cabling installation servic
Fiber optic access construction work is carried out to build fiber optic networks that link regular homes and businesses with data centers and social infrastructure such as mobile phone base sta- tions. We contribute to the IoT era with a track record cultivated since our founding and world-class installation technologies that have earned gold medals in five competitions.
  Construction of outdoor Mobile
Communication Base Station
Using highly specialized technologies related to base station con- struction, Kyowa Exeo provides a suite of services from negotia- tion and consulting over construction sites such as land and buildings, to design and installation. We support the infrastructure development of mobile phone carriers by successfully completing safe and high-quality work.
15 Corporate Report 2020
Electric Power Equipment
installation engineering service
We design and install facilities to supply electric power to network equipment, primarily for telecom carriers. We also boast a track record of leveraging our expertise in this area to build electric power equipment for other customers including data centers, tele- visions and newspapers, and critical lifelines such as hospitals.
 
   Base station equipment maintenance
We provide stable maintenance services for base stations to maintain comfortable mobile network environments. In addition to providing regular base station maintenance, in the event of a disaster we quickly dispatch personnel to sites to restore base stations, working day or night to prevent disruptions to the lives of local residents.
Construction of indoor Mobile
Communication Base Station
Kyowa Exeo also provides mobile solutions for large-scale rede- velopment projects in urban areas. From high-rise office buildings to large commercial facilities, subway lines and tunnels, we build environments that enable comfortable mobile usage even in in- door facilities where it is difficult to receive radio signals from the outside.
  Philippines
MG Exeo Network is involved in the construction and maintenance of fixed telephone and mobile telephone networks, the construc- tion of mobile phone base stations and radar antennas and the construction of incidental facilities for urban infrastructure (rail- roads, roads). The company contributes to the local community primarily through the development of mobile and access-oriented telecommunications infrastructure for major telecom carriers in the Philippines.
 Singapore
In Singapore we contribute to the local community through a wide array of business activities from the installation of electrical and general-purpose equipment for public, residential, commercial and industrial facilities, to work on air conditioning and integrated facili- ties for data centers, buildings and other locations.
Orders received (¥Billion)
Net sales (¥Billion)
   198.1 228.9 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
278.8 258.2
2020/3 2021/3 (plan)
241.6
268.5
2020/3
262.5
2021/3 (plan)
   211.0
191.6
2017/3
195.5
        2018/3
2019/3
Corporate Report 2020 16
     Business Activities

Business Overview
Urban Infrastructure
Urban infrastructure business for realizing a society comfortable to live in
We provide an integrated service from constructing and maintaining a range of telecommunication infrastructures and electric air-conditioning facilities to civil engineering designing and construction. Also, we provide renewable energy-relat- ed and other eco-technologies with reduced environmental loads in a comprehensive manner, from planning and proposal to construction and operations.
CATV cabling installation service
Kyowa Exeo utilizes telecommunications construction technologies developed over many years to offer one-stop service for the various types of construction that relate to cable television. More specifically, we offer design, installation, maintenance and sales support for every- thing from transmission line equipment to installing cabling in homes for joint reception facilities and cable TV operators. We also perform construction work to upgrade facilities to coincide with he launch of new 4K and 8K broadcasts.
 Railroad Communication Network
cabling installation service
We build and offer technical support for railroad communications facilities. Specifically, we build facilities related to railroad commu- nication networks, train radio systems and platform monitoring systems, and provide sales and technical support.
 Construction work to eliminate utility poles
We contribute to disaster resilient urban development through the introduction of social infrastructure such as common cable ducts for communications and electrical cabling to eliminate aboveg- round utility poles. In addition to proficiency with telecommunica- tions equipment, we leverage our many years of experience, proven track record and knowledge to provide proposals and carry out construction work to eliminate utility poles.
 17 Corporate Report 2020
Installation, replacement or renewal of under-
ground utilities with Trenchless Techniques
Using underground excavation technologies developed over many years, we contribute to the improvement of lifeline facilities such as water supply and sewerage systems. Even for locations where roadway excavation is not possible, we build pipes and drains while developing proposals to significantly reduce environmental impact such as noise, vibrations and traffic restrictions.
Maintenance work on underground facilities
We apply special construction techniques to existing underground structures and other aging facilities, upgrading them into sound structures and contributing to updated social infrastructure. Spe- cific activities include everything from tunnel repair and reinforce- ment work to small work on manholes and other equipment. The use of W-RCS and other construction techniques shortens work times and provides eco-friendly construction.

    Photovoltaic plants
Kyowa Exeo provides EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) services for solar power plants, and also proposes and supplies enter- prise solar power generating facilities for internal use in companies. Specific services include support for the introduction of large-scale solar power generation (mega-solar) utilizing the feed-in tariff scheme, and support for the rooftop or proximity installation of in-house solar power generating equipment for industrial facilities and other buildings with electric power supply needs. We offer comprehensive solutions that in- corporate storage battery utilization and other elements.
Electrical facilities
Kyowa Exeo has been working in this field for more than a half- century. From energy-saving solutions to business continuity plan- ning (BCP), we provide highly reliable facilities to meet our customers’ every need.
Data centers
We provide total engineering solutions for general electrical, elec- tric power and communications construction work related to data centers. Specifically, our worldwide operations include high quality and stable power supply facilities, advanced security to protect in- formation systems with strict facility access control and surveil- lance inside and outside facilities, and backbone network facilities securing communications environments for carriers.
  Wastes treatment facilities
Leveraging proprietary technologies, we offer the design and con- struction of waste treatment facilities such as incinerators and recy- cling sites. Our incineration facilities are known for the priority they place on controlling the generation of harmful substances (soot and dust, hydrogen chloride, dioxins, etc.) through stable combustion. Our recycling facilities crush, sort and compact large or noncom- bustible waste and recyclable waste to recover valuable materials.
 Biomass boilers
We provide construction and maintenance services for various biomass boilers that play a part in recycling systems. Specifically, we take materials such as bark that have a high moisture content and have been traditionally regarded as waste products and en- able their utilization as biomass resources. These resources are used to produce steam, supply heated water, perform drying, sup- ply heated water for air conditioning, and to operate high-efficiency power generation systems.
Orders received (¥Billion) 153.0
134.6
2021/3 (plan)
Net sales (¥Billion) 135.2
137.7
2021/3 (plan)
        72.7 84.1 2017/3 2018/3
67.3
2017/3
74.5
123.3
2019/3
108.6
   2020/3
2018/3
2019/3
2020/3
Corporate Report 2020 18
     Business Activities

Business Overview
System Solutions
System solution businesses utilizing ICT
We offer total solutions utilizing ICT in the development, maintenance and operation cloud-based enterprise com- munications network systems and various enterprise systems for telecom carriers and companies in the finance and manufacturing sectors.
 IT infrastructure and operational
optimization
We leverage the technologies and experience cultivated from de- signing, installing, operating and maintaining the telecommunica- tions equipment of telecom carriers to provide high-quality services across Japan.
Operational automation
We promote the automation and streamlining of operations in a wide range of scenarios including IT operation, help desk services and administrative desk work at companies, as well as reporting during on-site work. These advancements enhance the quality of services and optimize costs.
Digital transformation (DX)
We provide solutions to transform business processes, achieve optimization and boost productivity to support continually chang- ing value chains and enable learning through analysis from the customer perspective based on highly current data.
Next-generation office solutions
Working from a base of cloud services, we provide office envi- ronments allowing employees to work in comfort anytime and anywhere.
  Managed services (available 24/7)
We employ reliable technologies to watch over the IT equipment and information of customers around the clock.
 Cyber-security measures
We provide round-the-clock monitoring of customer assets, lives and information with the use of reliable technology.
19 Corporate Report 2020

     Energy conservation, energy optimization
From facility upgrade work based on energy conservation diagno- ses to support for the use of subsidies, we help to reduce costs by saving on energy consumption.
Disaster countermeasures
Utilizing the technologies and experience we have cultivated in telecommunications equipment restoration work in conjunction with telecom carriers in the wake of disasters, we have developed and provide a range of ICT solutions for emergencies.
Urban infrastructure, environment
Through system solutions, we create a society that is considerable of people and the environment.
Supporting the operations of public
facilities and local governments
With disaster countermeasures, emergency alert and monitoring systems and the utilization of systems in normal times, we cover all of Japan with ICT solutions.
Facility solutions
We provide peace of mind, safety and convenience to hotels, plants and elderly care facilities.
  Thailand
In Thailand and Myanmar, we have developed businesses offering ICT solutions, telecommunications equipment as well as planning, sales, design, installation, development, retail and maintenance re- lated to IP and the Internet.
Singapore
DeClout Group operating companies provide services including planning, sales, installation, development and maintenance for IT infrastructure using next-generation telecommunications technol- ogies. Working from the Singapore base, coverage extends to various countries including Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia and Cambodia.
Orders received (¥Billion)
124.5 132.2
Net sales (¥Billion) 120.7
124.8
2021/3 (plan)
        40.2 42.7 2017/3 2018/3
72.0
2019/3
2020/3 2021/3 (plan)
39.7 2017/3
42.5 2018/3
73.4
2019/3
2020/3
  Corporate Report 2020 20
     Business Activities

      Special Feature
Selected as a Nadeshiko Brand
for the first time, in recognition of KYOWA EXEO’s successful efforts in encouraging women’s active participation in the workplace
KYOWA EXEO was, on March 3, 2020, selected as the Fiscal 2019 Nadeshiko Brand from among all companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, in recognition of its successful efforts in encourag- ing women’s active participation in the workplace.
This demonstrates the recognition of a range of initiatives we have taken in line with Diversity & Inclusion Declaration the top man- agement have committed themselves to.
We, however, do not get comfortable with this result of having been selected as a Nadeshiko Brand; we will continue to develop a corporate culture of respect for diverse values and seek to realize true diversity and inclusion, aiming to create new value and realize sustainable growth.
We will develop from this achievement of having been selected as a Nadeshiko Brand and pursue true diversity and inclusion.
Selected as a Nadeshiko Brand based on multifaceted criteria
KYOWA EXEO was selected as the Fiscal 2019 Nadeshiko Brand under a program to recognize listed companies that have successfully encouraged women’s active participation in the workplace. Nadeshiko Brands are selected by the Ministry of Economy, Infrastructure and Trade and the Tokyo Stock Exchange based on multifaceted criteria, which include a Survey on Enterprises Encouraging Women’s Success in the Workplace, a question- naire survey targeting all listed companies, improvement of ROE and other financial indicators, institutional reforms towards flexible workstyles, status of initiatives to encourage women’s active participation in the workplace, such as training for promotion of diversity, and status of promotion of women to managerial and executive positions.
Led by the Ministry of Economy, Infrastructure and Trade and the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Nadeshiko Brand program began in 2012 to introduce listed companies that are outstanding in encouraging women’s active participation in the workplace to investors who emphasize medium to long-term improvement of corporate value, thereby encouraging investments in those companies and accelerating companies’ efforts to encourage women’s success in the workplace. In fiscal 2019, a total of 46 companies were selected from different sectors.
2015: Kurumin mark granted
The Kurumin mark program is a program where certification is granted by Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare to companies that support employees in balancing work and child care. Companies that formulate a General Employers Action Plan based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children, achieve the goals set in the plan, and meet certain standards are certified as companies providing support to child care.
2016: Certified as an Eruboshi company
Based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace, the Eruboshi certification is granted by Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare to companies that are outstanding in terms of encouraging women’s participation in the workplace. Companies are selected from the perspective of whether they have in place working environments that encourage women to fully unleash their capabilities, on the basis of the following five criteria: hiring, continuous employment, workstyle including work hours, the ratio of women in managerial positions, and diverse career paths.
2018: Selected as one of the Top 100 Telework Pioneers by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications select companies and organizations adopting and utilizing teleworking as Telework Pioneers and, from among them, name companies and organizations with adequate track records as Top 100 Telework Pioneers. The program’s certification and evaluation crite- ria include explicit inclusion of teleworking in work rules and regulations, guidelines and other internal rules, fulfillment of the standards concerning the scope of teleworking employees and employees that are teleworking and frequency of teleworking, and systems and rules for preventing over work due to teleworking.
1
        21 Corporate Report 2020

Steadily developing a corporate culture towards becoming an advanced company in promoting diversity
We have promoted diversity and inclusion as part of our management strategy that aims to invigorate the organiza- tion. The encouragement of women’s active participation in the workplace is a major initiative under this strategy. Initially, we focused on fulfillment of social standards concerning encouragement of women’s active participation in the work- place and workstyle reforms. As early initiatives in this endeavor, we started to improve work environments to help employees, both men and women, balance work and child care and were granted the Kurumin mark in June 2015 by Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare as a company provid- ing support for child care, and were also granted in April 2016 the highest grade in the Eruboshi program that certifies companies deemed exceptional in encouraging women’s active participation in the workplace.
In October 2016, we established within Human Resources Department a person in charge of promoting diversity, which in 2017 was reorganized and developed into Diversity Pro- motion Office, strengthening our organization for promoting diversity and inclusion in full scale.
Furthermore, in July 2018, we significantly upgraded the teleworking system we had adopted following the occurrence of the Great East Japan Earthquake, defining three working styles advocated by Japan Telework Association —“working
from home,” “working from satellite offices,” and “mobile working”—and relevant labor management methods and re- laxing the restrictions on working from home for employees raising children, providing nursing care, and needing medical treatment. We have also proactively participated in the Tele- work Days program led by the government, thereby encour- aging our employees to telework. These initiatives have led to KYOWA EXEO having been selected in November 2018 as one of the Top 100 Telework Pioneers of 2018 by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications.
The declaration of a state of emergency due to COVID-19 has forced many companies to rush to design teleworking and working from home systems. We have been able to fully address this situation only by relaxing the restrictions on working from home under the existing teleworking system.
Thus having met the social standards of companies en- couraging women’s active participation in the workplace, we are now focusing on initiatives towards becoming among the advanced companies in promoting diversity. The top-down institutional reforms and proactive activities for encouraging women’s active participation in the workplace and steady development of an adequate corporate culture have led to us having been selected as a Nadeshiko Brand.
 Diversity & Inclusion Declaration for having diverse individuals unleash their capabilities to the fullest
The Diversity & Inclusion Declaration, which represents the top management’s commitment, has three themes of initia- tives: cultivating a corporate culture that promotes diversity; implementing workstyle reforms; and creating and support- ing opportunities geared toward the success of a diverse range of human resources.
Under the theme of cultivating a corporate culture that promotes diversity, training to promote diversity has been given since 2017 to executives and managers to raise their awareness on the need to promote diversity as part of man- agement strategies. Virtually all of the executives and man- agers have received the training.
Under the theme of implementing workstyle reforms, initia- tives are being implemented under the lead of Digital Trans- formation Strategic Division, including adopting paperless
applications and developing an attendance management system for teleworking, in the aim of improving the work-life balance and increasing productivity through digital transfor- mation, in addition to promoting teleworking.
In terms of creating and supporting opportunities geared toward the success of a diverse range of human resources, in addition to encouraging women’s active participation in the workplace, from 2019, we have been strengthening programs for encouraging diverse individuals’ involvement including by setting up a regional key position system that allows employ- ees raising children or providing nursing care to work in an area of his/her choice, reviewing the treatment of employees re-employed after retirement, and improving the system to rehire former employees having left the company for such reasons as childcare and nursing care.
 Working Women’s Forum having received high commendation from students
Job-seeking students are also paying attention to our diver- sity and inclusion initiatives. In particular, women students have expressed their high interest in diverse workstyles avail- able at KYOWA EXEO. They are interested in knowing whether the company allows them to work for many years, return to work after childbirth and childcare, get promoted to managerial positions, and pursue specialist positions. KYOWA EXEO is a company attractive to them, enabling them to select from diverse workstyles. A Working Women’s Forum, a section in our recruitment webpage, was launched with a wish to highlight these characteristics of KYOWA EXEO and have students hear the voices of women employees attending the Forum from various positions and generations.
Comments received from the students who have visited the webpage are positive: “Diverse workstyles are available,” “I find the company friendly to women,” “I think I can demon- strate my ability,” “The company’s employees sound at home to each other.” We believe that we were able to receive high
commendation from students for our friendly culture and es- tablished systems.
Having been selected as a Nadeshiko Brand was a pleas- ant achievement but is not an end goal. We will continue to implement initiatives towards realizing true diversity and in- clusion that leads to creation of innovation within our organi- zation and make our utmost efforts to become a company equivalent to the recognition as a Nadeshiko Brand and lead the industry in this regard.
 Corporate Report 2020 22
     Business Activities

 Special Feature 2
Innovations towards sustainable growth
beyond conventional concepts
IOWN Promotion Office established towards realizing a smart society by 2030
Innovative Optical and Wireless Network (IOWN) is a future telecommunication infrastructure that is expected to help realize a smarter world based on cutting-edge technologies. It mainly comprises three elements: All-Photonics Network where optical sig- nals are used end-to-end in communications, not only on the network but in terminal-level processing; Digital Twin Computing that enables sophisticated and real-time cyber interaction between individuals as well as between things; and Cognitive Foundation that efficiently allocate a range of ICT resources. IOWN Promotion Office, a new organizational unit set up in April 2020, will work on demonstration experiments and research concerning advanced technologies needed for realizing IOWN by 2030 with a high level of awareness, while cooperating with the NTT Group in its pre-IOWN project, etc.
Participating in IOWN Global Forum towards realizing the IOWN concept
Kazuhiko Okubo, General Manager, IOWN Promotion Office, ICT Solutions Headquarters
The internet, smartphones, and other latest technological innovations have drastically changed society. Society is in- creasingly being informatized and digital transformation is accelerated. Adoption of artificial intelligence (AI), the internet of things (IoT) and other technologies in day-to-day lives is expected to cause our lives to further change and to create diverse values.
In such society, a huge volume of information will have to be processed, which is anticipated to exceed the capacity limit of the existing information and telecommunication systems in terms of both transmission and processing. Further- more, an expected explosive increase of devices connected to the network with the advancement of IoT will not only cause the burden on network to increase but also lead to a drastic increase in electricity consumption, a major energy issue on a global scale.
In response, the Innovative Optical and Wireless Network (IOWN) initiative has been proposed. This initiative seeks to develop an end-to-end network and information processing infrastructure that enable high-speed and large-capacity op- tical communications and provision of a large volume of computing resources mainly utilizing innovative optical technolo- gies. It thus utilizes cutting-edge technologies to push beyond the limit of conventional infrastructures and pursue optimized relations between individuals and the whole based on all available information towards an affluent society that can accept diversity.
 23 Corporate Report 2020
IOWN structure envisioned by NTT
  
For the IOWN initiative, IOWN Global Forum (IOWN GF), an organization promoting IOWN worldwide, has been estab- lished. IOWN GF is addressing a range of issues society is facing—such as ever-increasing electricity consumption and data transmission, storage, and processing needs—in terms of both technologies and use cases, in cooperation with best-in-class partners from various industries. IOWN GF’s Vision 2030 aims to remove obstacles to realizing a smarter world by developing a new communication infrastructure that enables provision of new services leveraging innovative tech- nologies and fosters sustainability.
Against this background, KYOWA EXEO set up IOWN Pro- motion Office in April 2 0 2 0 in the aim of developing a smart world following the modern society through unconventional in- novations together with partners towards realizing IOWN by 2030. Major missions of IOWN Promotion Office are, in a short term, to advance collaboration with the NTT Group in its
KYOWA EXEO has been involved in consideration of new technologies and use cases from its early stage towards real- izing the IOWN concept. We are addressing IOWN’s elements- All-Photonics Network; Digital Twin Computing; and Cognitive Foundation-based on advanced technological capabilities and expertise we have accumulated over many years.
There is a concern about the existing optical fibers reach- ing its capacity limit by the late 2020s. Research and devel- opment of a new optical fiber are underway towards overcoming the capacity limit issue by adopting space divi- sion multiplexing in addition to conventional wavelength divi- sion multiplexing. The development of the new optical fiber will entail multiplication of cores and modes (types of optical signals). Therefore, commercial adoption of IOWN is antici- pated to necessitate sophisticated installation, operation, and maintenance skills.
Our technological capabilities including for trouble shooting, fu- sion splicing of optical fibers, and cabling are expected to be use- ful in these regards, which have been demonstrated, as an example, in the World Skills Competition where our employees won five gold medals in the information network cabling category.
pre-IOWN project and, in a medium to long term, conduct demonstration experiments and research concerning ad- vanced technologies needed for the development of a future communication infrastructure, while participating in and mak- ing contributions to IOWN GF.
With respect to members of IOWN Promotion Office, we are assigning selected young employees from a range of or- ganizational units, expecting them to function as key persons towards 2030 who will lead the creation of innovative future based on sustainable growth of the company. In regards to the management structure, we pursue a flatter organization emphasizing respect to individuals’ independence, smooth information sharing, and prompt decision-making.
IOWN Promotion Office, as part of its raison d’etre, seeks to provide a noble cause for KYOWA EXEO to work exten- sively on IOWN across its businesses in cooperation with its partners.
Towards becoming an ICT innovation and engineering company that is capable of competing globally by 2030
  Top management
Kazuhiko Okubo, General Manager Hiroshi Sono, General Manager Takashi Shimosato, General Manager
Future leaders
Keito Nishimiya, Manager
Atsushi Yamaguchi, Assistant Manager Tsubasa Onodera
 The NTT Group is also accelerating its initiatives. The Smart City Project it started with Las Vegas, the United States, in September 2018 is expanding in area beyond the Innovation District that has been the project’s initial scope. The solutions adopted in Las Vegas have been developed based on NTT’s epoch-making cognitive foundation systems and enable ICT resources—from devices, networks to clouds—to be created, managed, and operated remotely.
KYOWA EXEO is strengthening its cooperation with the NTT Group based on its track record in development of net- work controllers and automation of operations and hopes to participate in the development of cognitive foundations and other elements.
Going forward, we will build cooperative relations with companies from different industries through the IOWN GF initiative and make positive contributions to society and the world as an ICT innovation and engineering company, flying high in the future.
Initiatives for realizing the IOWN concept https://www.ntt.co.jp/journal/2001/JN20200134_h.html
Corporate Report 2020 24
     Business Activities

 Special Feature 3
 Advancing and strengthening innovation
 To serve as a driver for sustainable growth
Yasuo Otsubo, General Manager, Innovation Promotion Office Director and Managing Operating Officer
The business environment surrounding us is changing, including the slowdown of economic growth along with the declining population, shrinkage of core businesses, and the need to flexibly respond to the ever-changing times. Thus it is imperative for us to address these changes strategically. Against this backdrop, we have set up Innovation Promotion Office, a new organi- zational unit, in the aim of establishing a new organizational operation base for continually creating innovations, fostering the development of human resources to boldly take on new challenges, and changing our corporate culture. Under this new organizational structure, we will further strengthen our initiatives for promoting innovations to benefit all stakeholders.
Key points of innovations
To promote innovations, we will concurrently focus on incu- bation and corporate venturing (strategic collection and identification of information).
Incubation necessitates self-started initiatives. We set up a project around the theme proposed and with members provided by an operating division to formulate strategy and evaluate the business.
For successful corporate venturing, it is imperative to in- crease venture presence in the community and strengthen human networks. We are building relationships with major players including in Silicon Valley to expand our activities.
In selecting and implementing a theme, we seek to strengthen innovation while leveraging and further enhanc- ing our core competence.
Core competence
(Technologies, safety and security, Group-wide capabilities, etc.)
 Incubation
Innovation theme Anticipated customers
Provision of value to customers
Business model
  Corporate venturing
Acceleration program Venture capital
Open innovation community
    Towards establishing a new organizational operating base
We are implementing the following four approaches to estab- lishing a new organizational operating base to continue activities for creating innovations:
(1) A system to continue searching themes
Establish a channel to collect ideas and seeds for new businesses as well as a process and a decision-making body for raising and deciding on themes.
(2) A system to foster the development of human resources
Design an innovation talent pool, clearly positioning it in members’ career paths and establishing a process for selection, development, production, and evaluation.
Vision concerning creation of innovations
Conventionally, our business model has been essentially order-driven. However, given the increasing uncertainties, it is now important to continuously consider new business models. The key to our future growth is to re-acknowledge and dynamically combine the Group’s strengths to build businesses in a timely manner.
(3) Institutionalization of promotion of innovations
Build explicit knowledge in the EXEO way by document- ing the essence of actual themes being considered, using it as training contents as well.
(4) Designing and establishment of organizational infrastructure
Improve KPIs/KGIs being set for innovation activities; financial management; and cooperation between corpo- rate functions and operating divisions.
For creating innovations, we wish to realize a situation where for example many employees including young ones proactively raise their hands to get involved in new project promotion or where new business ideas are proposed from within the Group one after another. Furthermore, we seek to develop a corporate culture that tolerate tries and errors towards setting a mindset for taking new challenges with- out fearing failure.
 25 Corporate Report 2020
 
 Special Feature 4
 Crisis Management Office
Establishment of Crisis Management Office
In response to the increasing new threats—including frequent occurrences of severer typhoons, natural disasters associated with concentrated heavy rainfalls and COVID-19—and to many international events including major sport events being held in Tokyo, it is now more imperative than ever to strengthen the KYOWA EXEO Group’s crisis management capabilities for sustaining its business. To this end, we set up a new organiza- tional unit, Crisis Management Office, in April 2020 in the aim of strengthening our services and maintenance of facilities as well as our responses to reputation risks associated with possible cyber-attacks and pandemics.
In the event of a natural disaster or contingency, it is imperative to prioritize the safety of employees and their families and to flexibly and promptly respond to customers’ requests from their perspectives, with each employee proac- tively acting and grasping the status of damages.
It is the KYOWA EXEO Group’s responsibility to establish Group-wide readiness for future actions and formulate a business continuity plan in preparation for contingencies, including large-scale natural disasters.
Strengthening our crisis management capabilities for sustaining our busi- ness and seeking to be a company that supports social infrastructure
Kunimasa Yamaguchi, General Manager Hisao Hosoi, Deputy General Manager Hisako Tsukada, Assistant Manager
It is imperative to have manuals in place and conduct drills to ensure every team’s contingency readiness including for taking specific actions and measures and thereby to enable them to take prompt initial responses immediately following the occurrence of a disaster. Awareness and lessons gained from drills coupled with disaster prevention measures based on advanced technologies will help boost our agile response capabilities.
With a sense of mission to serve as a company building and maintaining social infrastructure, we will continue to launch full-scale Group-wide effort as One EXEO Team.
   To be a company resilient to disasters
Disaster prevention measures are evolving along with the progress of technologies and diversification of types of natu- ral disasters. Yet, recent typhoons and heavy rains have caused devastating damages in many regions.
We are reviewing our contingency operations and informa- tion exchange methods and clarifying response organizations and functions by type of natural disasters to enable Group- wide responses and recovery activities and thereby to fulfill our mission as a company that supports social infrastructure.
In regards to the business continuation program, formulating an action plan is not an end goal. It is important to establish readiness for implementing the action plan in normal times, including by verifying its effectiveness and identifying needed improvements through drills.
Corporate Report 2020 26
      Business Activities

  The KYOWA EXEO Group’s Corporate Value Creation
Corporate Value Creation Process
KYOWA EXEO will contribute to the resolution of social issues through its businesses (technologies) and strive for sustainable growth with society.
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s corporate philosophy includes cultivating technological capabilities, seeking affluence and contributing to society. Under this philosophy and with its technological capabilities as a driver of growth, the Group has grown to be the way it is now, while reflecting the needs of the times. The Group’s technological capabilities now contrib- ute significantly to the resolution of social issues at home and abroad. The KYOWA EXEO Group will continue to ad- dress social issues and help solve them through its businesses, thereby achieving sustainable growth with society.
    Telecom Carriers
Help realize a highly advanced ICT society through our Telecom Carriers business
Telecom Carriers Business
Social issues to be solved through the Telecom Carriers business:
Continued upgrading of broadband telecommunications
(LTE LTE-Advanced 5G)
Facilitates the operations that address the reception difficulty for the 700- MHz band
Expanding the demand for optical fiber access services through 4K and 8K UHD (ultra-high definition) displays and the Hikari Collaboration
Urban infrastructure
Help realize a society where safety and security are ensured through our urban infrastructure business
Urban infrastructure business
Social issues to be solved through the urban infrastructure business:
Ensures a globally comparable level of landscape by promoting the under- grounding of overhead power lines
Expanding public investments for building national resilience (e.g., installa- tion of monitoring cameras, refurbishment of highways)
Renewal of aging waste disposal plants Renewable energy sources, including biomass
System Solutions
Help realize a society that is friendly to the environment and people through our system solutions business
System Solutions Business
Social issues to be solved through the system solutions business:
Reform of industrial structures through the cloud, IoT, big data, etc. Promotes the deepening of communication
Solutions for advanced security
ODA (Official Development Assistance)-related efforts to address the eco- nomic growth of Southeast Asia
      Major social issues:
Global warming
Labor shortage due to the decline in domestic population
Energy problems Urban concentration
Japan’s falling birthrate, super aging population
Cyber attacks, etc.
Medium- to long-term business environment:
Declining fixed-line phones
Labor shortage in the construction industry
Social needs toward the Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics
Transition to the next-generation wireless technology (5G)
Reinforcement of disaster management, etc.
27 Corporate Report 2020
  Human Resources Are Our Chief Asset
KYOWA EXEO contributes to society through its high technological ca- pabilities, which are underpinned by its excellent human resources. Therefore, we regard human resources as a chief asset, and set as a principle that excellent human resources should be acquired and devel- oped along with a conducive working environment for our employees.
     
    Provision
of value to various stakeholders
Society Shareholders and investors Customers Employees
Value offered for society:
Convenient and affluent life
Safe and secure society
Green-rich Earth
Contribution to technological development Creation of highly productive employment opportunities
Support for restoration of disaster-afflicted areas
More disaster-resilient infrastructure Enhancement of energy efficiency
Sustainable Corporate Value Creation
                   Special Feature 1
Selected as a Nadeshiko Brand for the first time
Go to P.21
 Special Feature 2
IOWN Promotion Office established
Go to P.23
 Special Feature 3
Advancing and strengthening innovation
Go to P.25
 Special Feature 4
Crisis Management Office
Go to P.26
     Technological Capabilities
   Important issues for the
KYOWA EXEO Group to achieve sustainable growth
Developing human resources / developing and handing down technologies
  KYOWA EXEO Group’s
Human resources as a chief asset
Corporate Report 2020 28
  The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 The KYOWA EXEO Group’s Corporate Value Creation
SDGs Initiatives
KYOWA EXEO will contribute to the resolution of social issues
through its businesses and strive for sustainable growth with society.
In recent years, the roles to be undertaken by companies for international issues such as the preservation of the global envi- ronment and respect for human rights have become increasingly important. Taking such social trends into consideration, we consider them to be important issues for the KYOWA EXEO Group in terms of the environment, society and governance (ESG). Moreover, bearing in mind the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which were adopted by the United Nations in 2015, we will perform corporate social responsibility (CSR) through our primary businesses and aim to create value jointly with society and achieve sustainable growth.
1 Achievement of a safe and secure society through the infrastructure business
Achieve urban development that is safe and secure for everybody, as well as contributing to building infrastructure that is resilient to natural disasters
       Contributing to the improvement of various kinds of infrastructure
Improving information communications infrastructure
We provide consistent quality services from planning and design to construction, operation and maintenance for all types of communica- tions equipment and facilities of telecom carriers, throughout the coun- try based on our performance over the years and excellent technologies.
Promoting “barrier-free”
(Closer to communities and people by leveraging our technological capabilities)
We aim to create and help realize an environment where anybody can live safely by accommodating barrier-free conditions, the norm of the times. To help create welfare-based communities, we provide support from plan proposal and design to manufacturing of equipment, con- struction and maintenance in aspects of both software and hardware.
    Construction of an outdoor mobile phone base station
Access engineering-related work
Braille guide board with voice guidance in foreign languages
Station guidance chime
Optical access works (The Philippines) <MG EXEO NETWORK, INC.>
Establishing a variety of infrastructure facilities and equipment mainly in Southeast Asia
We engage in the infrastructure facilities business mainly in Southeast Asia. We contrib- ute to creating affluent communities by taking advantage of our sophisticated, Japanese- quality technologies.
 2 Achievement of an affluent society through the solution business Resolution of social issues and achievement of an
       affluent society through IoT technology
Providing the environment for work style reforms and productivity improvement
Japan now faces various difficult situations such as a reduction in the productive-age population resulting from the declining birthrate and ag- ing population, the simultaneous pursuit of raising children or taking care of the elderly and work style diversifi-
Responding to food safety and food loss issues
We help hospitals to take risk countermeasures, including notification on contraindications and allergies, and improve efficiency in handling food materials and cooking/catering operations by providing tailored menu management focusing on individual hospitalized patients. As for school lunches, we provide relevant systems that excel in improving the efficiency of office processing, safety and cost performance.
NUTRIMATE
    cation. To address such difficult cir- cumstances, we provide an environment that helps the interested parties to mitigate long working hours and im- prove operational efficiency.
Office 365 implementation service
 Providing an ICT environment for high-quality education
Realizing an ICT environment in the field of education has become an urgent task because the Min- istry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology will introduce computer programming as a compulsory subject effective from 2020. We provide an environment for everyone to receive af- fordable, quality ICT education regardless of gender.
Provision of educational solutions, lesson assistance for teachers, lecture on operation of ICT equipment, etc.
 29 Corporate Report 2020

  Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
The SDGs listed in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development are a set of inter- national development goals from 2016 to 2030. The SDGs consist of 17 goals to re- alize a sustainable world.
3 Global environment conservation and achievement of a recycling-oriented society
Promotion of recycling and effective utilization of resources; achievement of a society for the prevention of global warming
        Increasing the ratio of renewable energy in the energy mix
Biomass business
We conduct field investigations, design and construction of wood bio- mass boilers to enhance the utilization of wood biomass energy, which has drawn attention as a renewable source of energy.
Biomass boiler in Hachimantai City Biomass boiler in Ritto City
Reducing hazardous chemical substances, as well as mitigating air, water and soil pollution
Focusing attention on “water,” an essential element for our lives, and the “waste” produced from our lives, we engage in the construction and operation of water treatment facilities for domestic and industrial wastewater and waste treatment facilities. Through the business, we strive to reduce the discharge of hazardous chemical substances, as well as the pollution of air, water and soil.
    Avoiding adverse effects on marine and coastal ecosystems
We have contributed considerably to constructing a social infrastructure of a new era utilizing our long-cultivated underground civil engineering technology.
An example in this area is the horizontal directional drilling of submarine telecommu- nications/power cables, which can bypass a long distance of seabed at places such as fishing grounds and coral reef sanctuaries, preventing damage caused by pipes or ca- bles.
Water treatment plant
Waste treatment facilities operated by Kinoumi Area Treatment Facilities Association
 4 Achievement of favorable communication with stakeholders To meet the expectations of stakeholders, favorable communication
Horizontal Directional Drilling (Earth Shuttle)
     will be strengthened to resolve issues
With employees
Promoting diversity and work style reforms
The KYOWA EXEO Group aims to nurture a corporate culture that recognizes di- verse values regardless of gender, nationality, or other features, in order to swiftly and flexibly respond to diversifying customer needs and committing to business development and improved performance. Accordingly, it promotes Group-wide di- versity as part of its innovation and work style reforms. The Group’s initiatives along these lines have been recognized or selected by the Ministry of Health, La- bour and Welfare and other organizations.
With society
Providing places for technical training
We provide affordable, quality technical training for everybody regardless of gender or nationality.
Training center opened in the Philippines and scene of training
       Obtained the Kurumin mark for excellent childraising support
Certified as an Eruboshi company (highest grade) for advanced women’s partici- pation in the workplace
Included in the Top Hundred Telework Pioneers by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications
Corporate Report 2020 30
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 CSR Concept
Performing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
through Its Business Activities
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s basic CSR policy is to materialize its corporate philosophy and perform its social responsi- bility through its daily business activities. The Group seriously addresses promoting corporate governance, compliance and risk management and works to ensure sincere and highly transparent business operations to contribute to the sustainable growth of society.
Basic CSR Policy / CSR Promotion Systems
 The corporate philosophy of the KYOWA EXEO Group, which is the basic guideline for our corporate social re- sponsibility, includes cultivating technological capabilities, seeking affluence and contributing to society, and we work to make integrity and transparency the fundamental norms of our management. To achieve this corporate phi- losophy, we need to have engagement* with the stake- holders of the KYOWA EXEO Group, thereby extracting issues to be solved to create a better society together. We recognize that such efforts to achieve our corporate phi- losophy are indeed efforts toward CSR.
CSR Structure of the KYOWA EXEO Group
Corporate philosophy
We also think that CSR is something that every mem- ber of the staff should put into practice throughout the business process, rather than having a specific division re- sponsible for CSR activities. Therefore, we launched the CSR Committee chaired by the President and, under the Committee, assigned a person in charge of CSR to every department or office and to every Group company to pro- mote CSR activities on a Group-wide basis.
*Engagement:
to discuss stakeholders’ concerns, the effects of corpo- rate activities on local communities and other various is- sues through opportunities created by the company’s involvement with its stakeholders
       Development of society
ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS
Development of the KYOWA EXEO Group
Engagement with stakeholders
Customers
Group companies
Business partners
Shareholders and investors
Employees
Society/Environment
  SYSTEM SOLUTIONS
   Guidelines for CSR activities
Self-awareness of contribution to society as a company
Promotion of contribution to society and social contribution activities through business activities
Securing safety and quality
Full information disclosure and communication
Adherence to corporate philosophy and respect for human rights Environmental protection activities
Creation of workplaces conducive to satisfactory work
      Compliance Corporate governance Risk management
Business operations with integrity and transparency as the norm
 31 Corporate Report 2020

Continuing to be a Company Trusted by All Stakeholders
While actively striving to ensure information disclosure, the KYOWA EXEO Group will engage in proactive communication with all our stakeholders to fulfill our corporate social responsibility and create a better society together.
Materiality Identification Process
The KYOWA EXEO Group has engaged in CSR activities centering on the seven core subjects set forth in the ISO26000 guid- ance on social responsibility. Based on these activities, to achieve further creation of value in cooperation with society and the sustainable growth of the KYOWA EXEO Group, we identified important ESG (environment, society and governance) subjects and their materiality to the Group and its stakeholders through the process described below. We will continue to promote CSR activities according to the materiality identified by implementing the PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) cycle.
 1 Extract issues to be solved
CSR initiatives and issues
Green procurement
Emphasis on return of profits and communications
Contributions to society and local communities
Fair and impartial transactions
Target ratio of purchasing green (eco-friendly) products: 65% or more
IR activities for fair and impartial information disclosure
Conducted business results presentations and IR meetings (230 meetings during the year)
Promotion of social and community contribution activities
Responded to natural disasters by offering recovery and restoration efforts
Cleanup activities for regional communities, forest preservation efforts, and hands-on learning opportunities for students and foreigners, etc.
Ensuring compliance with the procurement policy Held meetings of the Procurement Council
Evaluate the issues and
2 Narrow down 3 identify materiality from the
the issues standpoint of stakeholders and the Group
Review and
4 approval by the CSR Committee
        重要課題
(マテリアリティ)
   Addressing climate change
Reduce CO2 emissions (by 1% year over year)
Reduce electricity and gasoline consumption
Improve the adoption rate of environmentally friendly vehicles Maintenance of EXEO’s forests (national forests)
主な取り組み
対応する SDGs目標
    Environment (E)
Preserving the global environment and establishing
a recycling-oriented society
     Promoting environmental businesses
  Utilization of green energy and forest preservation
Construction and operation of solar power generation and wood biomass facilities
   Respect for human rights and principle that human resources are our chief asset
 Respect for human rights and utilization of diversified human resources (Reinforcement of efforts to promote diversity)
Achievement of action plan based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace: 424 or more female employees 25% increase in female workers Active hiring of women: university graduate female hiring ratio of 25% or more
Active hiring of handicapped people, supporting steady employment and ensuring that the statutory employment rate is 2.3% or more
 Securing safety and quality
  Elimination of serious accidents (personal injury and facility accidents) towards achieving zero accidents
Ensure high awareness of quality and continue education
        Society (S)
A business organization harmoniously coexisting with society through its businesses
   Work style reforms (worker-friendly working environments included)
  Encouraged employees to take paid leave: Annual paid leave taken:
Average of 15.0 days of paid leave taken per person per year
Reduction of working hours based on cross-departmental structure, total annual working hours of 2,050 hours per person on average
    Corporate governance
  Analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors Compliance and updates in response to the Corporate Governance Code
   Compliance
 Education on and improving the awareness of laws and regulations and the Basic Ethics of the KYOWA EXEO Group through compliance-promoting activities
Analyzing complaints, feedback, and whistleblowing reports
Analyzing the causes of recent conflicts and the measures taken to address them and spreading the results across the board to prevent the recurrence of such problems
 Risk management
(increasing information security included)
  Fostering information security literacy to eliminate information leaks Ensuring information security and strengthening BCP
Enhancement of the internal controls of the Group companies
      Governance (G)
Business operations with integrity and transparency as the norm
    Group governance
Sharing issues with the Group companies’ top executives and establishing opportunities for dialogue
    Corporate Report 2020 32
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Involvement in the Environment
While Promoting Resources Recycling and Effective Utilization of Resources, Developing Environment Preservation Activities Toward the Prevention of Global Warming and Other Concerns
Environmental Management
The Group works to reduce the environmental impact ac- companying business activities, and every employee acts with “what he/she can and he/she should do” in mind.
Basic Stance on Environment Preservation Activities
Coexistence with the global environment is a social re- sponsibility of corporations and is a significant element in creating a sustainable society.
The KYOWA EXEO Group engages in business activi- ties as a company that offers customer-satisfying solutions based on its core IC networking technologies. The Group therefore pays careful attention to coordination with the environment in its business activities and endeavors to re- duce the environmental impact that inevitably accompa- nies such activities.
Utilization of the Environment Management System
In promoting the environmental management system (ISO14001), of which certification has been continuously obtained since May 2000, the Company works to reduce the environmental impact on an ongoing basis through
companywide environment preservation activities accord- ing to the PDCA cycle. The Company identifies predictable environmental risks, which are determined depending on onsite working environments, the location conditions of the building and other factors, sets up specific environ- ment-related targets and extensively applies them to all the departments at the Head Office and branches.
Efforts towards Environment Preservation Activities
Environment preservation activities cannot be continued without a strong awareness regarding the improvement of environmental issues and persistent efforts. Meanwhile, every employee of the Group is committed to environment preservation activities with “what he/she can and he/she should do” in mind—always taking into account the effects of business activities on global environment.
Fiscal 2019 Material Balance of the Company (Non- consolidated)
To make environment-friendly business activities effective and reduce the accompanying environmental load as much as possible, we strive to understand and analyze the kinds of resources and energy sources that are used and the environmental load that has been produced.
    INPUT OUTPUT
Electricity generated and sold 24,630 MWh
   Total energy input 183,468 GJ
Electric power purchased Solarpowergenerationelectricityoutput City gas
LPG
Gasoline Light oil Kerosene
13,880 MWh 59 MWh
155 km3 1 km3
962 kl 181 kl 1 kl
  Environment-friendly business activities
  Company cars
Head office
Business offices
    Totalgreenhouseeffectgasemissions 12,675 tons(CO2 conversion)
Electric power sourced Fuel sourced
Waste sourced
Water resource sourced
6,330 tons (CO2 conversion) 3,052 tons (CO2 conversion) 3,275 tons (CO2 conversion)
17 tons (CO2 conversion)
 Wasteemissionsandrecycledvolume 36,133 tons
Industrial waste emissions 2,507 tons Total recycled volume 33,627 tons
  Water resource input 65 km3
 Total displacement 65 km3
33 Corporate Report 2020

                                           Environmental business
The Company contributes to promoting a recycling-orient- ed society through involvement in the design, construction and maintenance of renewable energy facilities, including solar power generation facilities and biomass boilers.
Solar power generation business
By effectively recycling waste or appropriately disposing of waste if it is not recyclable, we will continue to contrib- ute to preserving the global environment and a society where we can live in security.
Western Japan Area Eastern Japan Area
Solar power facilities of other companies
Panel installation capacity
394
Output
  Solar power facilities of our own
Wood biomass business
Thermal output (MW)
Energy recovery business
Throughput (ton/day)
Electricity generated
25
(Electricity used by 5,320 households per year)
Output
28 MW 747tons
 GWh
MW
    5 (976)
 20 (4,344)
 148
 246
 Power generating output (MW)
Recycling business
Throughput (ton/day)
 2.5 MW 154 tons
This prize recognized the TCS’s Energy Management Service, an energy conservation service via control
of air-conditioning equipment, which helps solve common issues when small- to medium-sized business
proprietors introduce energy conservation measures—maintaining comfort, easy on-site operation and less barriers for in- troduction, as well as the Company’s cloud-type platform technology for energy control, which enabled the TCS’s Energy Management Service.
  7
 21
 0.8
 1.7
    per day
per day
 296
 451
 25
 129
 FY2017 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation
Offering modern energy service that’s affordable and reliable
The Company and Tepco Customer Service Corporation Limited were awarded the FY2017 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation— Chairman Prize for The Energy Conservation Center, Japan (ECCJ) in the Product Category & Business Model Category—for the energy-saving service using IoT provided by electricity retailers.
  Corporate Report 2020 34
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

Involvement in the Environment
Initiatives Regarding the Prevention of Global Warming
As for the reduction of power consumption, power-saving measures for equipment are taken including the conver- sion of electric appliances to energy-saving type ones and the enhanced use of inverters for diverse equipment. In addition, companywide initiatives mainly taken by the re- sponsible person on each floor include setting the energy- saving mode for PCs, removing unnecessary lighting devices, turning off lights during lunchtime hours and set- ting appropriate temperatures for air conditioners. Moreover, every employee aggressively promotes electrici- ty-saving activity in his/her daily actions.
Promotion of Recycling and Effective Utilization of Resources
The KYOWA EXEO Group proactively addresses abating volumes and the appropriate treatment of waste, as well as promoting its reuse as recycled resources in the pursuit of reduced waste volume and complete recycling. The waste category covered by this initiative is industrial waste produced from the construction work of information and communication facilities and general waste discharged from offices.
Asphalt, concrete debris, electric wire trash, etc., are properly treated via a sorting control for further reuse or recycling. Moreover, ongoing initiatives include the en- hanced use of proper amounts for work materials, re- quests for collection of packaging materials to suppliers and guidance on the necessary steps to workers for recy- cling via onsite patrols.
 Initiatives toward Prevention of Global Warming and Preservation of Biodiversity
   EXEO’s forests (Mori), which extending nationwide, are groomed by employees’ hands
Embracing the opportunity of the Company’s 50th anniversary of its foundation, forest preservation activity started and the Company continues to maintain government-owned forests for up to 60 years.
Seizing the opportunity of the 50th anniversary of its foundation, the Company became strongly conscious of the prevention of global warming and contributing to local communities. Giving its approval to the maintenance enhancement campaign of forest resources, which was then pro- moted by the Forestry Agency, the Company entered into a profit-sharing afforestation con- tract* with the Hokkaido, Tohoku, Kansai, Kyushu, Chugoku and Kyushu regional forest offices regarding so-called corporate forests. The Company named the forests “EXEO’s forests” and continues their maintenance activity, which also serves as an occasion for social assembly and recreation among employees and their families.
*Profit-sharing afforestation contract: Agreement on the maintenance activities of government-owned forests (natural forests), which are premised on there being no logging.
Kansai Branch
EXEO’s forests (Mori)
Carried out cleanup activities
– Deepening friendship under the autumn leaves –
On November 16, 47 employees and their family members participated in a cleanup of the EXEO’s forests in Nishi- nomiya City, Hyogo Prefecture.
They picked up trash and removed weeds along the mountain roads, and then enjoyed a lunch while deepening friendship. The day was blessed with fine weather and the participants had enjoyable time while taking in the au- tumn leaves.
We will continue to carry out these forest cleanup activities to contribute to the local community and to promote friendship among employees.
Kyusyu Branch
EXEO’s forests (Mori)
Carried out environmental conservation activities – Protecting our beautiful forests –
On October 16, a total of 10 people took part in environmental conservation activities in the EXEO’s forests on Mt. Gankai, which is located in Uto City, Kumamoto Prefecture.
As in past years, we carried out ac- tivities such as cutting vines and clean- ing up the mountain trails, and we were blessed with good, crisp autumn weather. Everyone who participated worked very efficiently.
We will continue to proactively en- gage in environmental conservation ac- tivities going forward.
Tohoku Branch
Fiscal 2019 EXEO’s forests (Mori) Carried out conservation activities – Lustrous trees showing signs of winter –
We carried out our annual EXEO’s for- ests conservation activities on Novem- ber 2, just as the trees were losing their leaves to the autumn breeze and you could feel the richness of autumn in the beautifully colored Shiroishi Zao area.
A total of 18 participants from EXEO worked tirelessly until the end of the day, led by a leader for the area to which they had been assigned to weed out the underbrush, clean up walking trails, and reconfirm the boundaries.
   35 Corporate Report 2020

    by n
Tokyo
Chiba
Site of the restoration work
Futtsu City
  Initiatives in response to disasters
Access Engineering Department
Restoration work in Chiba Prefecture following Typhoon No. 15
Established a new relief route for communication infrastructure disrupted landslides and achieved early restoratio
Typhoon No. 15 hit the Boso Peninsula in Chiba Prefecture on September 9, 2019 and caused many landslides in the mountainous areas. The extensive damage to houses and other parts of the lifeline such as electricity and water supply caused by landslides and fallen trees is still fresh in people’s minds.
Inspections after the disaster revealed that roads were cut off in many places by landslides and fallen trees, which also caused extensive damage to communication equipment. While the Japanese Self-Defense Forces were working hard to first open the roads and then restore power, Futtsu City requested that communications be restored in isolated villages, and KYOWA EXEO was assigned to the task.
The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism explained that it would take a long time to restore a road that had been damaged by landslides, and it was decided that a new relief route were to be constructed in order to achieve early restoration.
However, because there were small-scale landslides along the new relief route as well, the restoration work began with the city collecting the soil and restoring the road, followed by restoration by Tepco and then NTT. Thanks to the efforts of the Group companies involved in the construction work as “Team EXEO,” the restoration work proceeded smoothly, and it was possible to quickly restore communication infrastructure in the isolated villages.
 Downed utility poles and hanging cables due to landslide
Road blockage due to fallen trees Cable cut by a fallen tree
    A comment from Construction Manager Iwabuchi
Studying the new relief route in advance, we were able to respond to the request for early restoration.
 The affected area was on high ground with a mobile phone base station, so we had to restore the communication lines as soon as possible. Although the relief route which we newly considered was also in poor condition due to damage at
several locations and we had difficulty in logging work as the route passed through the mountain forests, we were able to respond quickly to requests from the government and mobile phone companies for help.
While we worked on the restoration of damaged areas including landslides caused by Typhoon No. 15 at this time, some areas were damaged again by the subsequent Typhoon No. 19. This experience taught us that in consideration of the risk of natural disasters, which have been increasing in recent years, it is necessary to achieve early restoration by flexibly making adjustments such as establishing a different route rather than using the same single route to prevent repeated damage.
Corporate Report 2020 36
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

Involvement in the Environment
Social Contribution Activities
Chugoku Branch
Protecting our beautiful river environment
Participation in the Clean Ota River simultaneous cleanup project
    On July 28, the Chugoku Branch participated in a cleanup of the Ota River, a river that repre- sents Hiroshima Prefecture.
With the aim of creating a beautiful river envi- ronment, residents of all cities and towns in the Ota River basin participate in this annual clean- up every July, which is sponsored by Hiroshima City.
The Chugoku Branch, located near the Ota River, participates in this event every year, to- gether with people from partner companies. This year, a total of 55 people joined local resi- dents in picking up empty cans and other trash from the river.
  Kyoei Densetsu Kogyo Corp.
Group photo after collecting the trash
Litter around the park picked up by 41 people
Participated in the Osaka Marathon Cleanup Campaign
   On November 28, a total of 41 employees from Kyoei Densetsu Kogyo participated in a cleanup activity in nearby Nakaoe Park as part of the Osaka Marathon Cleanup Campaign.
Empty cans and cigarette butts littered around the park were picked up to welcome the many people from Japan and abroad who will be participating in the Osaka Marathon with a clean city.
This year was the eighth time we have partic- ipated in this event, and we will continue to take an active role in making Osaka a cleaner city going forward.
  Daiwa Densetsu Corporation
Making a small contribution to a clean city
Giving back to the areas affected by Typhoon No. 19
Dispatching volunteers to Marumori-machi, Miyagi Prefecture, where employees live
   Typhoon No. 19 that occurred on October 12 affected many areas, particularly on the Pacific side of the Tohoku region.
Because many telecommunication facilities including those of NTT East were damaged, Daiwa and Sigmax cooperated together in restoration work, including temporary measures.
During the weekdays between November 7 and 29, when volunteers were scarce, employees of Daiwa, Sigmax, and EXEO Tohoku Branch were dispatched to Marumori-machi and other disaster-struck areas in Miyagi Prefecture, where our employees live and receive constant support. We pray for the earliest possible recovery of the affected areas.
 37 Corporate Report 2020
Removing rice straw washed ashore by a flood in front of the volunteer center

 Shikoku Branch
Beautifully arranging the huge Zenigata Sunae (coin-shaped sand drawing)
Participation in sand arrangement for Kanei Tsuho (old time coin)
    On November 17, Shikoku Branch and Exeo Mobile partici- pated in a sand arrangement event for the Kanei Tsuho sand coin drawing, Zenigata Sunae, which is a sightseeing spot in Kan-onji City, Kagawa Prefecture.
The sand drawing measures 122 meters from east to west, 90 meters from north to south and 345 meters in circumfer- ence, and it is said to help people live long and healthy lives with no shortage of money.
Participants including many volunteers from the local com- munity enjoyed the fine weather on the day of the event to enter the area of Kanei Tsuho sand drawing, which is usually closed to the public, and arranged the sand drawing beauti- fully using shovels and rakes.
 Tohoku Branch
Working against littering
Sand arrangement using shovels
    River basin cleanup in Sendai City
On September 28, under clear and warm autumn skies be- fore the cold weather of Tohoku region sets in, 15 participants cleaned up the basin of the Hirose River that runs through the city of Sendai. This time, we changed from our familiar loca- tion to a bush zone, and pushed through the bushes to find a lot of plastic bottles and other beverage waste in hidden cor- ners. The Tohoku Branch will continue to clean up the river basin until there is no more trash to pick up, and we will also raise awareness in the community about not littering on the road.
 Kyushu Branch
Cleaning up a pine forest in the clear autumn weather
Participated in Itoshima Pine Forest Restoration and Conservation Activity sponsored by the Seibu Electric Industry group for the first time
    On November 9, we participated in the Itoshima Pine Forest Restoration and Conservation Activ- ity sponsored by Seibu Electric Industry in Itoshima City, Fukuoka Prefecture, together with Group companies in the Kyushu area.
A total of about 400 people participated in this event and cleaned up the pine forest in the clear autumn weather. Everyone who participat- ed worked very efficiently.
We will continue to actively engage in envi- ronmental protection activities and deepen our friendships within the Group through such activ- ities in the future.
 Corporate Report 2020 38
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Social Initiatives
Stakeholder Relations
Aiming to be a company that can contribute to society and is trusted by many of its stakeholders, we will contribute to the realization of a sustainable society by interacting with our stakeholders through a variety of activities.
 Re-examining the Basics of a Safety and Quality-Oriented Culture
 Koji Suzuki
General Manager, Safety and Quality Headquarters
To provide our customers with high-quality products swiftly and safely, it is important that the entire KYOWA EXEO Group understands the importance of ensuring safety and quality, and that we carry out construction in a func- tional manner. We have been working since 2001 to develop construction services that take safety and quality into account. In 2016, to once again re- turn to the essence of the Group’s safety and quality-oriented culture, we set our commitment to “return to the basics of a safety and quality-oriented culture” and are working to create a system that will enable each and every employee to practice basic actions while understanding the importance of safety and quality for the future.
Initiatives for a Safety and Quality-Oriented Culture
Because safety and quality assurance in the construction of information and telecommunications facilities – the KYOWA EXEO Group’s core competency – is of the ut- most importance, we have been working to shift from es- tablishing a safety and quality-oriented culture to penetrating a safety and quality-oriented culture, so that each and every employee fully understands its importance, and that this becomes a natural part of their actions. Since 2016, we have been promoting the five-year slogan “return to the basics of a safety and quality-oriented culture,” and this fiscal year marks the final year of this initiative.
Safety and quality-oriented culture promotion poster
Initiatives
“Create a safety and quality-oriented culture” slogan formulated Started operation of “Aruaru-kun” 1
Introduced the “EXEO Solution Proposal” system 2 “Promote a safety and quality-oriented culture”
   39 Corporate Report 2020
2001
 2003
 2004
 2007
three-year slogan formulated
“Ironclad Safety Rules” formulated 3
“Ironclad Safety Rules” extended to the telecommunications construction industry
“Establish a safety and quality-oriented culture” three-year slogan formulated
“Safety Operations” initiated (safety retraining rules)
“Penetrate a safety and quality-oriented culture” three-year slogan formulated
“Return to the basics of a safety and quality-oriented culture” five-year slogan formulated
Third year of five-year plan to “return to the basics of a safety and quality-oriented culture” with “absolute safety” as slogan
Final fiscal year of the five-year plan 6 The keyword is “thorough”
 2008
 2009
 2010
  2012
5
4
 2013
 2016
 2018
 2020
 
1 Human Error Countermeasures (Aruaru-kun)
In 2003, we introduced an information-gathering system called “Aruaru-kun” with the aim of predicting and taking countermeasures for disasters that may occur in the future, as well as raising safety awareness among front-line work- ers, by collecting near-miss experiences and analyzing them to obtain further universalized hazard information. Workers share information about their own ex- periences by reporting near-miss incidents during work to all employees, re- minding each other to prevent the same human errors from occurring.
In addition, the system was updated in 2017 to make it more convenient, which has led to active registrations.
2 Introduction of the EXEO Solution Proposal (ESP) System
We have introduced the EXEO Solution Proposal (ESP) system with the goal of helping to propel EXEO solutions forward. We actively seek out proposals that do not rely on current work practices, but that change our perspective and ideas, as well as proposals based on new ideas that go beyond the scope of our current work, and receive more than 10,000 proposals a year regarding improvements, efficiency, safety and quality enhancements, and more.
In addition, we widely internally publicize excellent proposals out of the ESP proposals, which are internal improvement proposal activities, and the VE pro- posals, which are customer improvement proposal activities. While sharing such proposals within the Company, we hold an annual “ESP/VE proposal presentation meeting” to further invigorate our improvement proposal activities.
5
In order to prevent accidents and improve the safety and quality of construction work, in 2012, we introduced an exit rule that requires a work team to stop work if a safety deficiency is identified during construction. In 2016, placing a further emphasis on educating employees to prevent the recurrence of safety deficien- cies, a curriculum was formulated and revised as a retraining rule. These initia- tives have increased the alertness of management and construction workers, and are steadily proving effective in preventing accidents from occurring.
6 “Thorough” is the Keyword to Prevent Accidents
As we work to instill the existing measures by steadily implementing them, in fis- cal 2020 we will narrow down the list of accidents based on the characteristic trends of accidents that occurred in the previous fiscal year and implement thor- ough accident prevention measures for those accidents that have been narrowed down. Specifically, we will focus efforts on prevention of personal injury acci- dents in the areas of crashes and falls, tumbles, heavy machinery, coming in contact with buried objects, and third parties involvement, as well as equipment accidents in the areas of faulty connections, faulty disconnections or withdrawal, faulty removals, dropped parts, and cable damage. Furthermore, we will work on preventing information accidents by focusing on the loss of paper information. To establish and promote accident-prevention measures, it is necessary to raise the awareness of each and every one of our construction workers through a dialogue of questions to ask whether safety really is sufficient and why safety measures are needed, as well as praise. By doing so, we will work on practicing a culture of safety and quality, in which individuals voluntarily care for the safety of them- selves and others, while also following up with those who have weak or low safety literacy (awareness and behavior).
3
In 2008, in order to eliminate accidents such as personal and equipment acci- dents, we formulated the “Ironclad Safety Rules” mainly based on lessons learned from past incidents. We are sharing and raising awareness of the 20 ar- ticles, bearing in mind that “everyone must comply without exception.”
In this fiscal year, the industry as a whole will begin preparation for revising the cardinal rules. The revised rules will incorporate the new obligation to have high-place workers put on personal fall-arrest systems (full harness) as well as changes in construction methods and safety measures. We will revise the rules so that it will be more useful for providing worksite safety guidance.
4
An accident in which a worker was injured when he slipped and fell off a four meter high wet roof while working led to a proposal for a system of “stopping at the first sign of danger” during construction at customer premises as an “Ironclad Safety Rule,” which was implemented in 2009 as a joint effort with our custom- ers and the telecommunications construction industry. At present, we are imple- menting the “Kicchiri KY / Big Relief” campaign to ensure safety by implementing hazard prediction (kiken yochi (KY) in Japanese) activities at each work site in advance, and the “Stop & Look” campaign to stop in between jobs and resolve any questions before proceeding.
“Ironclad Safety Rules” Formulated
From Post-Measures to Pre-Measures
 2020 ESP/VE Proposal Presentation Meeting Held
The ESP/VE proposal presentation meeting was held on June 11, 2020. Twelve excellent proposals recommended by departments and offices out of the fiscal 2019 proposals were presented and judged by committee members on the basis of their “ideas,” “effectiveness” and “development,” and selected for awards of excellence and out- standing performance.
The contents of the proposals ranged from improvements in con- struction processes, quality assurance, and systems, to sales, de- signs/estimating, and common office systems, which not only improved operational efficiency and reduced costs, but also resulted in tools and systems that were beneficial to customers and reduced accident risks, among other effects.
 Note: Photo shows the 2019 presentation meeting
Stopping at the First Sign of Danger
Corporate Report 2020 40
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

Social Initiatives
Proactive information disclosure
Corporate website renewed
In March 2020, we renewed our corporate website, mak- ing it easier for users to view and understand. We refur- bished its design and contents and it is now designed to be comfortably viewed from smartphones and tablets.
The website’s top page shows our motto, Engineering for Fusion-connecting the societies with engineering-, conveying the message that our engineering supports connections of cities, people and products through our three business domains: telecommunication carriers, ur- ban infrastructure, and system solutions.
Moreover, as part of our sustainability-related activities, we proactively disclose our initiatives for realizing sustain- able business, CSR ideas, environment, social and gover- nance (ESG) initiatives, disaster mitigation measures, and our policy for promoting SDGs and diversity on our corpo- rate website and in the Exeo Report (integrated report). We also seek to timely provide information for sharehold- ers and investors.
Events and seminars
Attended the 24th Disaster Management Expo as an exhibitor
At the Disaster Management Expo held on February 6 and 7, 2020 at Pacifico Yokohama, our ICT Solutions Head- quarters and Business Solutions Headquarters jointly pre- sented our products, Survival Power Source, Multi Charger, Disaster and Community Information Distribution System for Municipalities, and Disaster Management Sup- port System for Municipalities.
 Survival Power Source (portable lithium ion battery)
Medium-capacity lithium ion battery that can supply suffi- cient electricity in emergency (Maximum capacity: 4.4 kWh; maximum power output: 1 kW).
Multi Charger (battery charger used in disaster management)
Able to charge ten smartphones simultaneously at, for ex- ample, disaster evacuation centers, enabling provision of charging service when the degree of people concentration is high immediately following the occurrence of a disaster. Information Distribution System for Municipalities
Enables communication of disaster information via a range of media such as the municipal government’s disaster man- agement wireless radio communication, smartphone apps and emails. At ordinary times, it can be used for providing information on the municipal government’s activities and community information such as garbage collection schedule. Disaster Management Support System for Municipalities (EXRescue)
A one-stop information sharing tool that supports a wide range of disaster management operations by aggregating necessary information on a map and helping organizations expedite information exchange.
       41 Corporate Report 2020

Attended the 8th International Wind Expo as an exhibitor
Our Civil Engineering Headquarters attended the Interna- tional Wind Expo held between February 26 and 28, 2020 at Tokyo Big Site and presented its arc propulsion method, Earth Shuttle Method, showing employees’ handmade models and part of equipment used for the Earth Shuttle Method.
Attended the International Modern Hospital Show as an exhibitor
Our group company Daiwa Densetsu Corporation attend- ed the International Modern Hospital Show held at Tokyo Big Site between July 17 and 19, 2019 as an exhibitor and presented its food and nutrition service management sys- tem NUTRIMATE.
 Food and nutrition service management system: NUTRIMATE
NUTRIMATE, a management system that provides compre- hensive support for food and nutrition service operations at hospitals and nursing care facilities, including recipe manage- ment, menu preparation, ingredient order placement and ac- ceptance, cooking, serving, and various reporting operations.
 Arc propulsion method: Earth Shuttle Method
Earth Shuttle Method is a propulsion method that secures pipe diameters necessary for telecommunication and elec- tricity landing pipes, pipes for high-tension cables for off- shore wind power facilities, running water supply pipes, and seawater intake pipes while preserving submarine nature. It is the most optimal method to be applied in fishing grounds, nature conservation areas of coral reefs, and areas where ocean waves could damage pipes and cables.
    Toru Ebihara, an employee of KYOWA EXEO, wins a gold medal in the information network cabling category at the 57th National Skills Competition held in commemoration of the enthronement of the emperor
Toru Ebihara, an employee of KYOWA EXEO, won a gold medal in the infor- mation network cabling category at the 57th National Skills Competition held between November 15 and 18, 2019 in Aichi Prefecture. The competition was jointly hosted by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, Japan Vo- cational Ability Development Association, and Aichi Prefecture.
In the information network cabling category, the participants spend ap-
prox. eight hours in two days to compete in various cabling tasks—including
trouble shooting, competition on the speed of optical fiber fusion splicing,
cabling inside a hypothetical building—where they must complete each task within a designated timeframe.
Mr. Ebihara fully demonstrated his proficient skills polished through everyday work and the results of rigorous train- ing he had gone through towards this competition despite pressure from competition and other participants’ skills im- proving every year.
  Corporate Report 2020 42
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Social Initiatives
Group Company Relations
 Aiming for a Functionally Effective Team EXEO
 Yuichi Koyama
Director and Managing Operating Officer, General Manager, Group Business Development Division
In order to maximize the value of the KYOWA EXEO Group, we consider it a top priority issue to spread the Group’s corporate philosophy, ensure that Group companies function efficiently together, and build a Team EXEO that allows the employees of each company to do their jobs with a sense of ful- fillment, and are working on a variety of measures to that end. As part of our efforts, we are responding to the expansion of new businesses while pro- moting the reorganization of Group companies to improve quality and effi- ciency, as well as ensuring financial strength. Going forward, we will continue to promote a variety of measures for the entire Group.
For the Evolving Team EXEO
Our top priority issue is to build a new Team EXEO where all employees of the KYOWA EXEO Group companies, who contribute to improving the value of the Group on a daily basis, can perform their jobs with a sense of fulfill- ment.
In addition to taking on new business challenges and responding to changes in business conditions, we will also work on new Group issues, such as workstyle reforms and diversity promotion, as well as promoting the development of human resources for the future of Team EXEO.
The Role of Group Companies within Team EXEO
We have a high level of expertise in our 122 Group com- panies (88 consolidated subsidiaries, 15 non-consolidated subsidiaries and 1 9 affiliates), including overseas compa- nies, and we strive to respond to the various needs of our customers with the capabilities of the entire Group while enhancing the strengths of each company.
Building a Strong Team EXEO
Based on the Group’s common operational measures, in addition to playing the role of a “go-between” for spread- ing the excellent initiatives of our Group companies, we will further promote the establishment of a strong Team EXEO that takes on the challenge of new businesses and responds to changes.
 Team EXEO
Customers
    43 Corporate Report 2020
Efficiency
Management support
Human resources development
Technological capability
Workplace environment
System EX
CMS
Training by secondment
Services
KYOWA EXEO
122 Group companies
Business system unification
Fundraising support Financial strengthening support
Personnel exchanges
Promotion of qualification acquisition
Promoting diversity Workstyle reforms
A new challenge
       Shared services DX
  KYOWA EXEO Group operations
Group SNS Help desk
Conferences
Utilizing human resources
         
 Business Partner Relations
 Aiming for Further Win-Win Relationships with Our Business Partners
In order for the KYOWA EXEO Group to provide its customers with high quality deliverables (products) without delay, it is essential to work with both construction companies and material procurement companies that deliver materials in a timely manner. In order to maintain a relationship of trust with contact persons at our business partner companies and to facilitate smooth business operations, we will provide a forum for delivering information and business proposals, as well as exchanging opinions, with the aim of achiev- ing creative mutual prosperity.
 Yoshinori Fujiwara
Operating Officer and General Manager, Procurement Division
 Policy Regarding Procurement
 Basic Approach to Procurement
Procurement Policy
Material manufacturers
Leasing companies
Procurement Council
Transparency in procurement operations and proper principles of competition
Purchase at the appropriate price
    Acquisition, repair and retirement of noncurrent assets, subcontracting contracts, and procurement
of construction materials
    1 Ensure the quality of fair procurement operations through fair and equitable trade and compliance (compliance with relevant laws and regulations)
2 Conduct procurement operations that accurately respond to customer needs
3 Conduct logistics and procurement operations as a support organization for engineering departments
Green Procurement Initiatives
We have been promoting the introduction of eco-friendly vehicles. Since the Great East Japan Earthquake, we have been selecting manufacturers with environmental conser- vation in mind, such as in response to fuel shortages dur- ing emergencies and in reducing CO2 emissions.
We will also add eco-friendly vehicles to our lineup of construction vehicles to further increase the introduction rate of eco-friendly vehicles.
The KYOWA EXEO Group has been working on green procurement since 2007 in accordance with the Green Procurement Guidelines, and is striving to purchase envi- ronmentally friendly products that have acquired the Eco Mark, GPN listing, the Act on Promoting Green Procure- ment and other such marks.
In addition, due to the large number of PCs ordered, we have been recommending the use of environmentally friendly PCs since fiscal 2017, and in fiscal 2018, almost all of our internal PCs became eco-certified models.
Going forward, in addition to PCs, the entire Group will continue to actively pursue the purchase of eco-friendly products.
Eco-Cars Introduced
(Cars) 1,200
900
600
Non-eco-cars Eco-cars
1,106 cars 62%
     70%
65%
  300 35% 38% 30%
0 2017 2018 2019
Eco-Products (Office Supplies) Purchased
 (%) 80
70 62.0
63.0 63.4
2018 2019
*Figures do not include PCs.
   55.8
60 50 40
   2016 2017
Corporate Report 2020 44
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Social Initiatives
Shareholder and Stakeholder Relations
 Aiming to Enhance Corporate Value
 Koichi Mino
Director and Managing Operating Officer and General Manager, Corporate Planning Division
The KYOWA EXEO Group considers profit distribution to shareholders as an important managerial issue. To this end, we place a high priority on commu- nication with our shareholders and investors. We strive on a daily basis to deepen their understanding of the Group, so that we gain their trust and be evaluated properly, through events such as open meetings of shareholders and proactive, easy-to-understand IR activities. Going forward, we will con- tinue to strive for fair, timely and appropriate disclosure of information and engage in honest and highly transparent business operations to further en- hance our corporate value.
Shareholders’ Meeting
On June 24, 2020, the Company held its 66th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. While this year’s meeting was held on a smaller scale than in previous years, due in part to the prevalence of COVID-19, the Company views the meeting as an important forum for communicating with its shareholders. Accordingly, we are taking the following ini- tiatives.
Initiatives
Holding of meetings while avoiding days on which there is a high concentration of shareholders’ meetings Early dispatch of the convocation notice
Disclosure of the convocation notice prior to dispatch Exercise of voting rights by electromagnetic means Participation in the voting rights exercise platform
  Disclosure of an English-language convocation notice
  Introduction of a smartphone-based voting right ex-
ercise service
Shareholder Benefits
One of our initiatives to increase the attractiveness of our shares is our shareholder benefits program.
*Sent once a year in late June after the close of the Company’s shareholders’ meeting.
Earnings Announcement
In accordance with the Securities Listing Regulations, we prepare full-year and quarterly summaries of financial re- sults at the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and disclose them fairly, promptly and extensively through TDnet and other media.
IR Activities
The Company holds biannual financial results briefings for institutional investors and securities analysts, as well as business briefings, on-site briefings, briefings for individual investors and other such meetings to deepen their under- standing of the Company’s business operations and the level of technology and on-site capabilities.
On April 1, 2020, we completely renewed our corporate website. We have also further enhanced the contents of the “Investor Relations” page, which contains a large amount of IR information such as presentation materials and monthly orders received. In addition, we have estab- lished a contact point for inquiries via our web form, and e-mail IR information to those who wish to receive it.
A meeting with institutional investors from overseas
Web streaming of a financial results briefing
  Shareholder Benefits (for shareholders of 1,000 shares or more)
 QUO CARD
Holding period of less than three years: ¥1,000 equivalent
Holding period of three years or more: ¥2,000 equivalent
  45 Corporate Report 2020
▶ Please see our corporate website for IR information.
https://www.exeo.co.jp/en/ir/
 
  Employee Relations
 “Policy of Regarding Employees as the Group’s Primary Properties” and “Workstyle Reforms” for Sustainable Growth
 Kazunori Yuasa
Operating Officer and General Manager, Human Resources Department
Employees are an invaluable asset. The KYOWA EXEO Group has adopted the “policy of regarding employees as the Group’s primary properties” as its basic phi- losophy on human resources, and pursues affluence for both its employees and the company through respect for human rights, fair evaluations and treatment, and being thorough in its human resource development and professionalism.
We believe that a workplace environment in which we can secure and develop excellent human resources and in which everyone can work with enthusiasm to demonstrate their full potential is essential for sustainable growth in the future. Ac- cordingly, we are working on “workstyle reforms,” including changing our attitudes toward workstyles, reforming rules, and promoting diversity.
 Respect for Human Rights
In promoting corporate activities, the KYOWA EXEO Group places great importance on respect for human rights and conducts training to raise and improve human rights awareness in order to provide a workplace environ- ment in which each and every employee can work with vi- tality. In addition, through training and other activities to promote compliance, we show that we do not tolerate any kind of discriminatory treatment on gender, beliefs, nation- ality, status of disability, sexual orientation or other basic human rights, and we strongly urge respect for the dignity and individuality of individuals.
childbirth, and nursing care, and these systems provide opportunities for diverse work styles. These efforts are helping to secure our technological capabilities for the fu- ture and ensure that we are able to pass on our skills.
Hiring Foreign Nationals
In order to promote global business, especially in the Asian region, and to internationalize and invigorate the company, we are actively hiring foreign students who are expected to be active both in Japan and abroad.
Changing Attitudes toward Workstyles / Reforming Rules
With the aim of proper management of working hours and making improvements to long working hours, labor repre- sentatives and top management have issued a joint decla- ration and are working on reforms to comply with labor- related laws and regulations, promote flexible work styles, improve operational efficiency across the organization, and maintain and promote physical and mental health such as by raising employee awareness and implementing specific measures. We are also working to realize diverse and flexi- ble work styles through means such as the establishment of a regional key position system (a system for regional limited employees) and a teleworking system.
Furthermore, we are developing and promoting novel ways of working that incorporate the new lifestyles and new working styles recommended by the Japanese gov- ernment. Along with the promotion of workstyle reforms through digital transformation (DX), we are taking the fol- lowing measures to help teleworking take root: (1) review of operations (business inventory, business evaluation, etc.), (2) improvement of the environment (PC, work envi- ronment, etc.), and (3) enhancement of systems (review of commuting styles, safety considerations for employees at high risk of contracting COVID-19, etc.). Through these ef- forts, we are striving to create a work environment where everyone can work with a peace of mind and enthusiasm.
    Enhanced productivity and profitability
Respect for human rights
Fair evaluations and treatment
Sustainable growth
Revitalization
of the organization
Policy of regarding employees as the Group’s primary properties
Workstyle reforms
Human resource development and professionalism
Creating sources of growth
Promoting diversity
Changing attitudes toward workstyles / Reforming rules
       Reemployment System
In order to make use of the skills and experience gained over the years by employees who are motivated to work after retirement, we have a system to rehire retirement-age employees, a registered employee system to hire retired employees on a temporary basis, and a system to rehire former employees who have left the company due to fami- ly circumstances such as family relocation, marriage,
Corporate Report 2020 46
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

Social Initiatives
Characteristics of EXEO’s teleworking system
Scope: Regular employees and contracted employees
 *For temporary workers, we consult with their dispatching agencies.
T Communications using Microsoft Teams
·Online meetings ·Online training ·Online job interviews
Ordinary workplace
Safe remote working environment
Working from home
Worksite
·Home
Visualize attendance rate
Mobile working
Process data/information at the work site
·During transportation
·Job site, customer’s office, and business trip
destination
·Waiting time at a station, café, etc.
      Working from satellite offices
Work site
·Office other than the normal work site of the employee
Employees with reasons such as childcare, nursing care, medical treatment or disability can continue working
Improved work-life balance
Go directly to the site and go home directly
Reduced travel time
Customer’s office
Business trip destination
Worksite
  ·Satellite offices under a contract
Go directly to the site and go home directly
   2,133
2,129
Reduced travel time
 *Microsoft, Office 365 and Microsoft Teams are registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the U.S. and other countries.
Measures for reducing total work hours
As part of our initiatives to achieve a healthy work-life bal- ance, we seek to develop a comfortable work environment for employees, including by setting the annual targets for consumption of paid leaves, promoting consecutive leaves by combining annual paid leaves with long holidays, sum- mer holidays, year-end/new-year holidays, etc., and des- ignating a no-overtime day in each week.
Also, we proactively seek to reduce overtime work by setting a medium-term target for reducing total work hours.
Life plan seminars
 Total annual working hours
We hold seminars throughout Japan for employees at the ages of 53 and 54 to help them design their post-retire- ment life with a deeper understanding and awareness so that they could lead materially, physically, and mentally healthy life.
We also hold seminars for employees at the age of 58 and 59 to help them deepen their understanding of post- retirement social security and pension fund systems.
Maintaining good labor-management relations
Mutual trust between labor and management is funda- mental to KYOWA EXEO’s business. In the view of pursuing the company’s growth and maintaining and im- proving employees’ work conditions, we seek to build stable labor-management relations through regular discus- sions between labor and management. We hold regular labor-management meetings to exchange opinions be- tween labor and management on the business plan and other important issues as well as meetings of a committee for improved work hours and conditions to execute proac- tive business operations and achieve healthy growth of the company.
  47 Corporate Report 2020
2,087
 2017 2018 2019
Helping employees maintain and improve physical and mental health
In cooperation with KYOWA EXEO’s health insurance as- sociation, we seek to help our employees and their family members manage and improve their health, including by conducting regular health checkups and comprehensive medical examinations of our employees and campaigns to promote walking among employees and their family mem- bers. In regards to mental health, we have a stress check program in place for employees’ self-care. In addition, our corporate doctors provide training for line care based on results of organizational diagnosis.
Furthermore, for employees with many overtime work hours, our corporate doctors and public health nurses meet them twice a month each to provide them with phys- ical and mental care.

Fair Evaluations and Treatment
As a system to reward employees for their efforts by fairly evaluating outcomes, employees hold bi-annual discus- sions with their superiors to discuss their progress and achievement of self-established goals. We are increasing the convincingness of these evaluations through the provi- sion of feedback on the results of the evaluations to em- ployees.
In addition, all employees are given an opportunity to talk with their supervisors once a year about their job sat- isfaction, career plans and other matters.
Discussion schedule
technical skills as a member of the company. In addition, each new employee is assigned a tutor, who promotes growth and motivation through training and follow-ups, as well as advice on mental health and lifestyle issues. We also provide step-up training in the second year to review the training and secure its results. In fiscal 2020, we intro- duced online training at home using an in-house web con- ference system as a new initiative that also serves as a measure to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
Technical Training
The Company’s technical capabilities are the very essence of our corporate brand. For this reason, we conduct tech- nical training across the country, including at Group com- panies, and focus on developing IT personnel and engineers with advanced and up-to-date technical skills. Technical training includes both in-house and external lec- tures. At in-house lectures, we provide safety and quality training, professional engineer training, and training ses- sions on actual equipment in a dedicated IT training room. Meanwhile, at external lectures, employees strive to ac- quire advanced, specialized skills in various engineering disciplines and the latest technological skills in the IT field, such as network servers and programming.
Overseas Training
We have been continuously sending employees to the Philippines since 2015 with a view to developing our glob- al business for new business expansion. In addition to a training program of approximately a year designed to strengthen communication skills with local partner compa- nies and local employees and to learn how to do business overseas, we also offer other trainings including short-term English conversation training in the Philippines to acquire business conversation skills, with a focus on developing global human resources.
By gaining experience based on the experience, human network, and know-how acquired through these trainings, we aim to contribute to the development of ICT in Asia.
           April
October
Human Resource Development and Professionalism
Based on the policy of regarding employees as the Group’s primary properties, we provide a variety of training programs such as new employee training, position-based training, technical training, sales training, and training for selected employees. Moreover, we also provide support for self-development, such as incentive programs for ac- quiring qualifications and correspondence courses, and are committed to providing growth opportunities and en- couraging employees to take advantage of them.
New Employee Training
The first year of employment is designated as a training period in which we offer a multifaceted curriculum that in- cludes basic training, job-specific technical training, and training for acquiring IT qualifications, so that employees can strive to acquire common sense as members of soci- ety, as well as a wide range of knowledge and basic
April
June
  Goal discussion
Mid-term discussion / Self-assessment
Outcome discussion
   Goal discussion
Evaluation feedback
   Overview of Training Facilities
Heiwajima Training Center
We offer a wide range of internal trainings, including new employee training, posi-
tion-based training, and sales training. Training can be conducted in a variety of
layouts, including school-type training for large groups or group training for small
groups. We also use the latest actual equipment such as routers, switches, servers and PCs to develop advanced IT engineers.
Central Technical Training Center / West Japan Technical Training Center
These training centers focus on the acquiring of those practical skills required in the field, such as lectures on specialized knowl- edge and training in techniques and skills related to telecommunications infrastructure construction, accident prevention, and safe- ty assurance. The centers are equipped with simulated outdoor facilities such as utility poles, manholes, and wireless towers, as well as various devices for optical connection training and simulated indoor facilities for in-home construction, to provide a compre- hensive program for learning the construction techniques and safety assurance measures required for access works and mobile telecommunication works. We also provide technical training in improving technology for legacy equipment and adapting to new technologies, such as home ICT.
MX Center for Excellence (Philippine Training Center)
In May 2017, we opened a training center on the outskirts of Manila for the purpose of improving the skills of the local technicians of our local subsidiary, MG EXEO NETWORK, INC.
In order to learn technological skills related to FTTH, Wi-Fi, IP networks, data centers and others, the center is equipped with classroom facilities, mock poles, mock handholes, mock in-home booths, and other such items, and is designed for newly hired engineers to learn basic operations, as well as for those with practical experience to acquire advanced maintenance skills, in addition to safety knowl- edge, work ethics and more. Based on the advanced technology and know-how that the KYOWA EXEO Group has cultivated in Japan, programs are implemented for the acquisition of all the knowl- edge and skills necessary for the field of telecommunication works.
 Corporate Report 2020 48
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Social Initiatives
 Diversity & Inclusion Declaration
“Promoting diversity in an organization means a strategy of utilizing the abilities of a diverse range of human resources to the fullest extent.
With the aim of swiftly and flexibly responding to increasingly diverse customer needs, developing our business and improving operating results, Team EXEO fosters a culture of mutual acceptance of a wide range of values regardless of characteristics such as gender, beliefs, nationality, disabilities or sexual orientation, leads to new value creation unbound by conventional thinking or stereotypes, and achieves the sustainable growth of individuals and the organization.”
There are no goals in diversity promotion
We aim to achieve diversity and inclusion in its truest sense, which means invigorating the organization with new ideas incorporating a wide range of sensibilities and values that enable innovation to be created within the organization.
Tetsuya Funabashi President
    取り組みテーマ
   49 Corporate Report 2020

 Promotion of Diversity and Inclusion
 Cultivating a corporate culture that promotes diversity
Implementation of diversity promotion training
Training is conducted starting from upper levels of the company to foster an understanding of the importance of diversity promotion as a management strategy and to rec- ognize issues the company faces in its promotion.
In training aimed at executives and managers, attend- ees learn about management techniques for diverse hu- man resources and approaches for supporting career
development. This knowledge is then put into practice in the workplace.
Moving forward, we will expand the scope to include a wider range of employees and conduct training that fos- ters a culture that promotes the mutual acceptance and utilization of a diverse range of values.
    Corporate Report 2020 50
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Social Initiatives
 Implementing workstyle reforms
Promoting telework
In July 2018 we made significant revisions to our telework work regulations, allowing employees to make use of work from home, work at satellite offices and mobile work in more flexible ways. We also relaxed restrictions on work- ing from home for employees with a need to balance child rearing, nursing care, medical treatment and so on.
We also began actively taking part in designated tele- work days since 2018, and have worked to promote utili- zation on the part of employees. In recognition of these efforts, in November 2018 the company was selected as one of the 2018 Top Hundred Telework Pioneers by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications.
Improving work-life balance
We undertake a range of activities designed to shorten to- tal working hours and develop an efficient workplace envi- ronment that promotes both mental and physical health. In terms of daily work practices, we have worked to re- duce nonessential and nonurgent overtime by ensuring that meetings are held at the start and end of the work
day and enforcing weekly no-overtime days. We also en- courage employees to take consecutive days off, such as taking paid leave to coincide with holiday periods in spring, summer, the end of the year and the New Year period.
    Boosting productivity through digital transformation
Utilizing an IT infrastructure common across the Kyowa Exeo Group that includes teleconferencing and MS Teams, we are working to improve sales capabilities,
51 Corporate Report 2020
business efficiency, quality, safety and comfort while aim- ing to boost productivity in a noticeable way, not only for employees but for our partners as well.
*Microsoft, Office 365 and Microsoft Teams are registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the U.S. and other countries.

 Promotion of Diversity and Inclusion
 Creating and supporting opportunities geared toward the success of a diverse range of human resources
Promoting female empowerment
Action Plan
Kyowa Exeo has formulated an action plan in accordance with the Act on Promotion of Female Participation and Ca- reer Advancement in the Workplace, and publishes related information including numerical targets. We have imple- mented various initiatives and measures to meet these tar- gets, created opportunities for female employees to succeed, and provided related support. In addition, in 2016 the company received the highest of three grades as an Eruboshi company, a certification that recognizes
companies demonstrating outstanding performance in the promotion of female participation.
The company was also selected as a 2019 Nadeshiko Brand. Jointly run by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange since 2012, this scheme aims to encourage investment in companies and speed up related initiatives by publicizing listed companies who make proactive efforts to promote women’s participa- tion to attract investors looking for medium-to-long-term growth potential.
  Supporting the balance between work and home
Action Plan
To ensure that employees can achieve a balance between work and child-rearing or work and family care regardless of gender and continue to work and achieve success with peace of mind for as long as possible, we have estab- lished balance support schemes that go beyond statutory requirements and periodically hold briefing sessions for employees. Kyowa Exeo has formulated an action plan pursuant to the Act on Advancement of Measures to Sup- port Raising Next-Generation Children and has published
targets and other relevant information. We actively work to enhance systems and hold briefings to meet these targets and are committed to developing an environment that makes it easy for employees to strike a balance between their jobs and childcare responsibilities, regardless of gen- der.
In recognition of these efforts, in 2015 we earned the Kurumin Mark, an accreditation from the Minster of Health, Labour and Welfare recognizing companies providing sup- port for child care.
Kurumin mark certification by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare
The Eruboshi certification mark granted by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare to compa- nies that are outstanding in terms of women’s participation in the workplace
Fiscal 2019 Nadeshiko Brands jointly selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Tokyo Stock Exchange among listed companies for their outstanding promotion of women’s par- ticipation in the workplace
  Corporate Report 2020 52
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Social Initiatives
Promoting the employment of people with disabilities
To ensure that all people can demonstrate their capabilities and aptitude to the fullest extent and lead active lives re- gardless of whether or not they have disabilities, Kyowa Exeo actively pursues the employment of people with dis- abilities. All employees of the Diversity Promotion Office have completed disabled person occupational and lifestyle counsellor certification courses, carefully gather informa- tion about desired workplace, occupation, skills and dis- ability considerations when employees are hired, and strive
Change in the percentage of employees with disabilities
to match employees with the right organization. Even after an employee has joined the company we regularly follow up on the individual and their assigned department and make every effort to ensure they are able to succeed in a reassuring environment. Additionally, we work to create new occupational fields so that persons with all kinds of disabilities can flourish, and actively work to hire people with specialist skills.
Breakdown of employee disabilities(as of end of March 2020)
   1.78 1.62
1.88 15% 2.20 2.20
Physical disability
1.94
Mental 2.03 1.97 disability
2.54 2.38
Language
3%
Vision
1%
      51% Breakdown of
employee disabilities
30%
Systems to support a diverse range of human resources
2.00 2.00 2.00 2.00 2.00 1.80
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Actual employment rate Statutory employment rate
Internal disorder
  Main systems
  Details
  Paid leave
Different start and finish time system
Flexible working hours system
Telework system
Area career path system
Senior employment system
Maiden and regular name usage system
Leave can be taken in daily, half-daily or hourly increments
System to change work allocation, monthly flexible working hours system, modified rest period system, modified weekly days off system
Within the scope of total scheduled working hours, working hours that exceed the scheduled working hours in a single day can be set.
Work from home, work from satellite offices and mobile work
Systems limited to regional employees (no out-of-area transfers)
System for reemployment following mandatory retirement (until the end of the month in which an employee reaches 65 years of age)
After 65 years of age, employees may be hired as contract employees
A former employees reemployment system to hire former employees who have resigned due to personal reasons such as relocation of a family member due to job transfer, marriage, child-birth and nursing care.
With the exception of procedures requiring an employee to use their legal name, employees may use their maiden or regular name internally
           53 Corporate Report 2020

 Promotion of Diversity and Inclusion
 Various awards and certifications
  Kurumin Mark certification (June, 2015)
On June 25, 2015, the company obtained Kurumin Mark certification. This was particularly in rec- ognition of efforts including the introduction of a telework system and encouraging employees to take paid leave during the period from April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2015.
Eruboshi company (highest grade) certification (April, 2016)
On April 28, 2016, the company received the highest of three grades as an Eruboshi company, a certification that recognizes companies demonstrating outstanding performance in the promotion of female participation.
   Selected for inclusion in ESG indices of companies using GPIF
(2017, 2018, 2019)
The Government Pension Investment Fund, Japan (GPIF), which possesses the largest pension assets in the world, began making ESG investments in July 2017. In connection with this devel- opment, the company was selected for inclusion in the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index and MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN), which were employed as ESG indices.
  Selected for Top Hundred Telework Pioneers by Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications
(November, 2018)
 In recognition of initiatives to revise telework regulations and encourage the use of telework, in November 2018 the company was selected by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communica- tions for the 2018 Top Hundred Telework Pioneers as a company promoting the introduction and utilization of telework.
 Rated 3.5 stars in the Nikkei Smart Work Management Survey
(November, 2019)
In the third Nikkei Smart Work Management Survey, which selects companies leading advances in productivity improvements through workstyle reforms, the company was rated for 3.5 stars. The survey, conducted by Nikkei Inc. since 2017, covers listed companies and prominent non- listed companies across Japan, assessing them on a five-star scale. It defines smart work man- agement as taking steps to maximize the organization’s performance in three areas - diverse and flexible workstyles, new business creation and other innovation, and market development - and includes corporate governance and other management fundamentals in the evaluation.
  Selected as a 2019 Nadeshiko Brand
(March, 2020)
On March 3, 2020, the company was selected as a Nadeshiko Brand for the first time. Jointly run by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the scheme se- lects listed companies excelling the promotion of female participation.
 Corporate Report 2020 54
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Management Systems
Establishing Various Mechanisms to Promote Globally the Overall Group
Corporate Governance
Endeavoring to ensure transparent management by estab- lishing sound management systems and strengthening in- ternal controls
The KYOWA EXEO Group aims to maintain the full trust of shareholders and all other stakeholders by operating with integrity and a high standard of transparency. To this end, we are confident that it is one of the significant manage- ment issues to establish and maintain an organizational structure and management systems through which corpo- rate governance can effectively function. Moreover, it is our basic CSR policy to make ongoing improvements to strengthen corporate governance mechanisms that are suitably tailored to the Group’s circumstances, including the assessment of structures for monitoring management in light of changes in social conditions, laws and other de- velopments.
Corporate governance system and rationale for adopt- ing this system (overview of the corporate governance system)
We have adopted a board of statutory auditors system. We have fifteen Directors, including three Outside Direc- tors, and four Statutory Auditors, including two Outside Statutory Auditors. In fiscal 2019, we held fifteen Board of Directors meetings and sixteen Board of Statutory Audi- tors meetings.
We have also adopted an operating officers system to separate between management decision-making and su- pervisory function and business execution function to achieve prompt and appropriate decision-making and business execution, while further strengthening our corpo- rate governance.
The Board of Directors, chaired by the Representative Director and Chairman, makes decisions on important mat- ters and supervises business execution. Operating officers execute operations based on the Board of Directors’ deci- sions. Furthermore, we have a Management Council in place that discusses important business execution matters.
  KYOWA EXEO’s Corporate Governance System
General meeting of shareholders
As of July 1, 2020
Appointment/Dismissal Determination of the appropriateness
of accounting audits
Report Audit
 Appointment/Dismissal Consultation
Response
Appointment/Dismissal Audit
 Nomination Committee Compensation Committee
Supervision
Report
Board of Directors Directors
(12, including one independent officer)
   Board of Corporate Auditors Statutory auditors
(four, including one independent officer)
     Report Report Audit Report
   President
Management Council
Directions,Supervision Report Consultation,Directions Response,Report
Supervision Internal audit Directions Report
   Operating officers and organizational heads Representatives of Group companies
Supervision Report
 Business and administrative departments and branches
 Group companies
Internal Control Committee
 Compliance Committee
 Business Risk Management Committee
 Information Security Committee
 CSR Committee
   Risk Management Division
Instructions
  Collaboration
55 Corporate Report 2020
Independent Auditor Corporate Lawyer

Furthermore, the Nomination Committee and the Com- pensation Committee have been set up as the Board of Directors’ internal committees to further enhance our cor- porate governance. The Nomination Committee discusses the selection and appointment of candidates for Directors and the Compensation Committee discusses the com- pensation and bonuses for Directors and other matters. These committees report to the Board of Directors.
Development of the internal control system and risk management system
The KYOWA EXEO Group works to thoroughly adhere to compliance, manage various risks and properly and effi- ciently execute business operations. At the same time, to ensure the reliability of financial reporting, the Group has stipulated the Basic Policy on Internal Control Systems in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act and addresses its appropriate and efficient operation.
The Internal Control Committee, based on the Basic Guideline for Establishing Internal Control Systems, devel- ops systems to ensure compliance with laws and regula- tions, effective and efficient operations and reliable financial reporting, and grasps the overall operation status of the internal control system while conducting its evaluation.
We have enhanced our risk management systems by establishing the Risk Control Division in June 2014 to inte- grate compliance-related duties that had been distributed among more than one department and setting up the Business Risk Management Committee in January 2019.
Policy concerning the decision-making about compen- sation for executives and its calculation
Our basic policy concerning the decision-making about compensation for executives and its calculation is to effec- tively incentivize executives to contribute to increasing our corporate value and improving our short, medium and long-term performance and to maintain a level for securing outstanding talent who will drive the business of KYOWA EXEO as the leading information and communication net- work company.
Our specific policy concerning the decision-making about compensation and its calculation is deliberated by the Compensation Committee, which is comprised of Di- rectors selected by the Board of Directors, and then deter- mined by resolution of the Board of Directors to secure the transparency and fairness of the decision-making process. In fiscal 2019, three meetings of the Compensation Com- mittee were held.
Compensation for Directors consists of base compen- sation, bonuses, and restricted shares. Specifically, they are determined as follows.
The base compensation is a fixed amount set for each position appropriately considering business environment and industry standards.
The bonuses are basically linked to the fiscal year’s per- formance of consolidated income and determined by comprehensively taking into account the business environ- ment and other elements. The bonus calculation approach intends to get Directors to be responsible for our consoli- dated performance in its entirety as management team members. The targeted consolidated operating income and consolidated net income for fiscal 2019 were 32.0 bil- lion yen and 21.8 billion yen, respectively. The actual
consolidated operating income and consolidated net in- come were 31.1 billion yen and 15.6 billion yen, respec- tively.
Restricted shares are allotted to Directors to give them medium to long-term incentives towards achieving sus- tainable growth of our corporate value and to have them share the same value with our shareholders. The stock- based compensation is linked to the degree of achieve- ment of medium and long-term performance targets of consolidated income and paid in accordance with the re- spective positions of Directors. The consolidated perfor- mance indicator for the stock-based compensation is consolidated operating income, which is directly linked to the achievement of targeted performance and common value shared with our shareholders.
Compensation for Outside Directors and Statutory Au- ditors, on the other hand, consists solely of fixed base compensation, reflecting their independence from the Company’s business execution.
Effectiveness Evaluation
To enhance the function of the Board of Directors and cor- porate value, KYOWA EXEO evaluates the effectiveness of its Board of Directors based on the results of questionnaire surveys among all Directors and Statutory Auditors, which are collected and analyzed by an external organization to ensure objectivity, as well as discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors. It has been confirmed that its Board of Directors has adequate scale and structure and is appropriately operated to ensure proper decision-mak- ing on important management agenda and supervision of business execution.
Based on the results of the board effectiveness evalua- tion conducted in fiscal 2018, we reviewed in fiscal 2019 the composition of the Board of Directors. Effective June 24, 2020, we decreased the number of Directors from fif- teen to twelve and increased the number of Independent Outside Directors from three to four. Furthermore, we took measures to ensure that Independent Outside Directors and Independent Outside Statutory Auditors receive suffi- cient information to facilitate their discussions and judge- ment at the Board of Directors, including enhancing preliminary explanations for them, holding meetings to ex- change opinions between Independent Outside Directors and Independent Outside Statutory Auditors, and having them conduct onsite inspections. The Vector Meeting, which is designed to discuss divisions’ business strategies in early stages and to align their directions, discussed eleven topics in fiscal 2019, providing useful perspectives for considering our business’ future direction.
At the same time, based on the results of the latest board evaluation, we have been sharing opinions towards further strengthening our corporate governance, including considering the necessity of reviewing the agenda items to be submitted to the Board of Directors, securing time for discussion by distributing meeting materials earlier, and following up the progress of business plans. Going for- ward, based on these results of board evaluation and opinions, the Company’s Board of Directors will fully con- sider measures for improving its effectiveness and contin- ue to implement initiatives for enhancing its functions.
Corporate Report 2020 56
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

Management Systems
Messages from Outside Directors
I expect Exeo to pursue group synergy and become a company that attracts students from all over the world.
  I have been building my career as a researcher/expert on ICT-related policies. I was appointed as an outside direc- tor of KYOWA EXEO in June 2019. Every time I attend its board meetings, I feel enthusiasm towards achieving the targets set in its medium-term business plan and towards the future stage of growth. Board meetings make very vi- brant discussions and issues are shared promptly and equally among the members reflecting the expedited digi- tal transformation.
In response to the outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020, the com- pany quickly set up a risk management office to secure the safety of employees and customers. It proactively ad- opted teleworking and online board meetings, which has triggered workstyle reforms to take place throughout the company. The digital transformation implemented gradu- ally since 2 0 1 9 has helped provide a stable work-from- home environment and secure business continuation and improved efficiency of business operations. The compa- ny’s risk management and digital transformation have been very timely and appropriate. What drove these initia- tives were the president’s strong leadership and the company’s corporate governance that remained effective during the contingency situations.
Going forward, we must appropriately and promptly solve outstanding issues and create group-wide synergy, considering and securing integrity with and equal oppor- tunities for the three companies in western Japan, with which we have completed management integration, com- panies we have capital and business partnerships with, and our overseas subsidiaries. Furthermore, strengthen- ing SDGs and ESG-related activities that our group has proactively conducted and sharing awareness across the
group are important elements for increasing our corporate value.
I have been proactively working on initiatives towards achieving SDGs, including hosting seminars at the United Nations Headquarters in New York. The two major global issues the UN is particularly focusing on are aging popula- tion and environment issues. Corporate activities considering these issues will concurrently help us develop new busi- nesses and contribute to the international society.
Among all, the social issue we should focus on is disaster mitigation given the frequent occurrence of severe natural disasters in recent years. Disaster mitigation-related ser- vice leveraging digital technologies, as part of our social infrastructure-related business, is one of the company’s strengths. A possible approach is to utilize the world’s three major cutting-edge technologies—5G, AI and 8K— as technologies core to our business strategy.
Our group’s business is sound and we have a family-like culture. Based on the domestic businesses that have been established so far, we now must consider and de- velop new businesses as Japan is faced with a falling birthrate and aging and declining population. We are in a transition period and therefore we face an urgent need to speedily implement open innovation and strengthen tech- nological capabilities, which are our strengths, and foster the development of people supporting them. My main job is teaching at a university as a professor. I hope KYOWA EXEO will become a company that students from all over the world want to join when they graduate. I will robustly fulfill my mission to help increase our group’s corporate value.
57 Corporate Report 2020
Naoko Iwasaki
Outside Director (Independent Director)

Seek to maintain earnest communications, under the motto, “Don’t run away, forget, and enjoy!”
 Yasushi Kohara
Outside Director (Independent Director)
I was appointed as an outside director of KYOWA EXEO in June 2018 after working for Toyota Group. In these two years, our group has grown to have the capability of providing nationwide construction services through the management integration with the three companies in western Japan.
At the general meeting of shareholders held in June 2020, the total number of outside directors and outside statutory auditors was increased to six, enabling the board to con- duct vibrant discussions from broader perspectives than ever. For the board meetings, adequate preliminary expla- nations about the agenda are given and we can request additional homework and reports. For important topics, we can conduct even more in-depth deliberations includ- ing at Vector Meetings that are held separately from board meetings. I feel the PDCA cycle is properly implemented. If I am allowed to wish more, I might suggest that we con- sider various meeting formats for exchanging opinions with more people, such as a camp.
We have been working on many overseas investment proj- ects since last fiscal year. For further growth of EXEO Group, it is imperative to develop businesses international- ly based on capabilities we have accumulated in Japan. We are still in the planting phase. We must mobilize our company-wide resources to establish a support system including fostering the development of talent for overseas businesses, supporting the local onsite work, and strengthening risk control.
With respect to issues we must continuously address—in- cluding establishing safe and secure work environment, securing and fostering the development of talent, succes-
sion of skills, and development of technologies and tools for improved productivity—I think we can always find solu- tions in onsite workplaces. Our emphasis on onsite work has been reinforced through active participation in the Na- tional Skills Competition, safety meetings held at every workplace, and other initiatives and efforts, which are im- portant activities for supporting our corporate culture. I find these initiatives very encouraging. I will continue to make proposals from various perspectives including cor- porate governance and risk management.
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused the operations of the society to change drastically. Dissemination of teleworking and online conferencing is anticipated to lead to a rapid increase in demand for the development and enhance- ment of communication infrastructures. Responding to the needs of the society and addressing SDGs and ESG-relat- ed issues, which are becoming important indicators of corporate value evaluation, are our tasks of pressing ur- gency that we must work on together on a group-wide basis. I will get these points discussed robustly at board meetings so that they will be fully incorporated into the company’s future business strategy.
Our business environment and mindset are expected to change drastically. While constantly maintaining earnest communications with stakeholders, I will fulfill my respon- sibility to contribute to increasing our corporate value and driving further growth. When facing challenging situations, I will summon up my spirit under the motto, “Don’t run away, forget, and enjoy.”
Corporate Report 2020 58
     The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

Management Systems
Compliance
In the KYOWA EXEO Group, everybody on the manage- ment team maintains a high standard of ethics—integrity— when conducting business. Furthermore, individual directors and employees make principled actions grounded in compliance to fulfill their social responsibility.
EXEO Group Basic Actions Declaration
Based on the EXEO Group Compliance Program, the offi- cers and employees of the Group presuppose compliance with not only laws and regulations but also corporate eth- ics, including the spirit underlying those ethics, and prac- tice activities with high social value, thereby contributing to society.
Given that a company is part of society, it is a prerequi- site for all stakeholders in a company, irrespective of wheth- er officers or employees of the company, to comply with laws and corporate ethics when carrying out the company’s
business operations. Such compliance is also a matter of course for us as individual members of society.
In addition, ensuring such compliance is indispensable for the company to maintain the trust of society and the realization of the Group’s corporate philosophy of “Con- tributing to Society.”
In light of the above, we shall prioritize without hesita- tion laws and regulations and corporate ethics in case we are forced to select either earnings or ethics in our own activities.
Initiatives to Promote
Measures taken and Description
Whistle-blowing system
Regarding compliance-related concerns, the “Support Desk” is the contact point for whistleblowers, and the “Law- yer Hot Line” is provided to enable direct consulting or communication with corporate lawyers.
All employees of the KYOWA EXEO Group are provided with “Compliance Cards” to raise their awareness of the contact point for whistleblowers and guidelines for use.
Compliance training for management executives
More than once a year, we provide compliance training by inviting lecturers for management executives, including the Chairman, President, General Managers of the Head Of- fice, Branch Managers and Presidents of the Group com- panies.
Compliance promotion and enhancement month
We designate October as the annual Compliance Promo- tion and Enhancement Month, and carry out various cam- paign measures, such as displaying posters and holding meetings, to further establish compliance within the Group.
    Compliance program
System
   Tools:
Compliance Manual
Group’s corporate philosophy, Basic Actions Declaration, Basic Guideline for Establishing Internal Control Systems, matters to be observed and so on
Manuals by risk at each Group company Compliance training materials, etc.
       Follow-up:
Evaluation on compliance observance Monitoring
Development:
Compliance planning Compliance training Support Desk Lawyer Hot Line
  Promoting System
Collaboration
       Corporate lawyers (Lawyer Hot Line)
Management and control of the promoting system
Group companies
Compliance Officer at each company (President)
Responsible compliance promoter at
each company
Employees of each Group company
   Compliance Committee (Harassment Investigation Committee)
  Advisory and collaboration
Guidance
Command
Guidance and control
Group Business Development Division
  Legal Unit, Risk Control Division (Support Desk)
Responsible Compliance Promoter
Persons in Charge of Promoting Compliance
Employees
Guidance and oversight on the spot and of trading units
    Referrals and consulting
59 Corporate Report 2020
[Departments and Branches]
Whistle-blowing system Collaboration
KYOWA EXEO Group Compliance Officer (President of KYOWA EXEO)
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION:

Risk Management
Basic Policy
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s basic policy for risk manage- ment is as follows:
(1) When setting strategies and business performance tar-
gets and practicing efforts to achieve them, we seek in- tegration of strategies and risk management by considering risk profiles, risk appetite, risk capacity and risk tolerance.
(2) By recognizing risks clearly at an earlier stage and promptly providing as many choices as possible for risk management, we reduce the possibility of unachieved business targets, losses, accidents and failures.
(3) By monitoring risks on a regular basis, we address any deviation from intended performance swiftly and with consistency.
(4) With a grasp of our comprehensive and consistent risk portfolio, we seek optimum allocation of the Group’s resources.
Risk Management System
The KYOWA EXEO Group sets forth its basic rules on risk management in the “Risk Management Rules” and sets up risk categories and corresponding Risk Management Divi- sions. In addition, the Group established and has been operating the Business Risk Management Committee as the Group-wide risk manager to identify and evaluate Group-level risks.
    Board of Directors
 Board of Statutory Auditors
Risk Management System
Supervision Report
 <Management>
Business Risk Managers
Heads of organizational units at the Company’s Head Office, branch managers and presidents of subsidiaries
(1st-tier risk manager)
Internal Control Committee
Business Risk Management Committee
Group-wide risk manager
<Risk Management Division>
   President
 Management Council
     Support Division
The Company’s Head Office staff unit
(2nd-tier risk manager)
Internal Audit Division
(3rd-tier risk manager)
  Business Risk Management Committee
As the Group-wide risk manager, the committee was es- tablished to provide the risk management systems re- quired to accomplish strategies and business performance targets in the process of creating, maintaining and realizing value and to steadily provide the Group’s stakeholders with reasonable expectations that risks can be controlled to a tolerable amount.
Business Risk Manager (1st-tier Risk Manager)
As the 1st-tier risk managers, the Business Risk Managers set forth strategies that are consistent with the KYOWA EXEO Group’s mission, vision and core values. In addition, the managers develop concrete action plans and manage the progress thereof to address risks according to the en- vironments of their organizations and in line with the risk- addressing policies presented by the Support Division teams.
Support Division (2nd-tier Risk Manager)
As the 2nd-tier risk managers, the Support Division teams provide guidelines for addressing the category of risks they
attend to and monitor the appropriateness and effective- ness of measures taken to address risks and the status of correction.
 Risk Management Category
Business environment risk
Management strategy risk
Business process risk
Risk relating to changes in the management and business environments
Risk relating to the decision making concerning management and business strategies, etc.
Risk relating to daily business operations
Risk relating to the occurrence of natural disasters
 Risk Management Category
Description of the Risk
    Disaster risk
   Internal Audit Division (3rd-tier Risk Manager)
As the 3rd-tier risk manager, the Internal Audit Division conducts internal audits of the performance of the Busi- ness Risk Managers to identify problems and matters to be improved, issues recommendations for improvement, provides the latest information on the matters to be im- proved and verifies the status of improvement.
   Corporate Report 2020 60
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives
Management risk
Business risk

Management Systems
Utilization of the ISO-Compliant Management Systems
From among the business process risks, the Company utilizes the ISO-compliant management systems to man- age the risks relating to quality assurance, environmental conservation, occupational health and safety and informa- tion security. We formulate policies for managing these risks by using the relevant risk assessment methods given in the ISO management systems and implement the poli- cies while making ongoing improvements in the effective- ness and appropriateness of business operations.
The Company and major subsidiaries acquired a group- based ISO certification and are committed to standardize the management procedures by implementing ISO-com- pliant management systems in a unified manner across the Group. Taking the opportunity of the ISO quality and environment management system updates with the 2015 revisions, we reviewed the management system certifica- tion system which focuses on the internal rules in effect to streamline the process.
ISO Management Systems of which certification has been acquired
February 22, 1999
May 12, 2000
September 19, 2003
November 10, 2004
Efforts to Ensure Information Security, etc.
As a necessary part of operating its business, the KYOWA EXEO Group handles important information, including data on technologies and customers held by its customers and other parties. With the expansion of networking, as repre- sented by the spread of the cloud service and social net- working service (SNS), it is increasingly important to
ensure the appropriate management of information. Ac- cordingly, we are strengthening our efforts regarding infor- mation security and the protection of personal information.
Efforts to ensure information security
The KYOWA EXEO Group has established a system for managing information security by designating an officer who assumes the overall responsibility for information se- curity, as well as providing a manager with the chief re- sponsibility and people working on information management at each business division. The Information Security Committee decides policies on group security, discusses measures to prevent the recurrence of any in- formation security accidents, and monitors and evaluates the status of any improvements in overall security matters to enhance the Group’s information security on a continu- ous basis.
Furthermore, the Group also provides all of its employ- ees with information security training and simulation exer- cises to repel targeted e-mail attacks, while conducting various kinds of security checkups every year.
Efforts to protect personal information
The Company engages in a broad range of business op- erations and handles a large amount of personal informa- tion in the process of carrying out these operations. In the recognition that appropriately managing such information is a corporate social responsibility, we are promoting ef- forts to ensure the protection of private information under the Privacy Policy.
In response to the implementation of the Amended Act on the Protection of Personal Information in May 2017, we reviewed and enhanced our privacy management mea- sures by taking an inventory of personal information held and reviewing the management of records concerning the provision and receipt of personal information.
To ensure the continued protection of personal informa- tion in an appropriate manner, we have continually updat- ed our certification of the Personal Information Protection Management System.
   Category
Quality Management System
Applicable Standards
Date of Registration
  JIS Q 9001:2015
    Environment Management System
JIS Q 14001:2015
    Occupational Health and Safety Management System
BS-OHSAS 18001:2007
    Information Security Management System
JIS Q 27001:2014
          61 Corporate Report 2020
For the details of the KYOWA EXEO Privacy Policy, visit:
https://www.exeo.co.jp/en/company/ppolicy.html

 Board of Directors (as of June 24, 2020)
    Chairman
Fuminori Kozono
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Yuichi Koyama
Director (Independent Director)
Kazuteru Kanazawa
Standing Statutory Auditor
Kazuo Sato
President & CEO
Tetsuya Funabashi
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Hideo Higuchi
Director (Independent Director)
Yasushi Kohara
Standing Statutory Auditor
Yuki Sakuyama
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Yasuo Otsubo
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Koichi Mino
Director (Independent Director)*
Naoko Iwasaki
Statutory Auditor (Independent Auditor)
Tomoko Aramaki
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Tomohiro Kurosawa
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Kenji Asano
Director (Independent Director)
Tatsushi Mochizuki
Statutory Auditor (Independent Auditor)
Shinnosuke Yamada
            Corporate Report 2020 62
    The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives

 Financial Section
11-Year Major Financial Data
Financial Items
Business performance
Orders received
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating income
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Ordinary income
Profit attributable to owners of parent Capital expenditures
Depreciation expenses
Financial status
Total assets
Property, plant and equipment
Net assets
Balance of interest-bearing debt (balance of loans payable, bonds payable, etc.)
Cash flow status
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Free cash flow
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period
Per share data
Earnings per share Net assets
Cash dividend Payout ratio
Financial indices
Operating income to net sales
Profit attributable to owners of parent to net sales
Return on equity (ROE)
Return on assets (ROA) Shareholders’ equity to total assets
Stock price
Highest stock price Lowest stock price
Other
Number of employees (EXEO Group con- solidated)
¥Millions ¥Millions ¥Millions ¥Millions
¥Millions
¥Millions ¥Millions ¥Millions ¥Millions
¥Millions ¥Millions ¥Millions
¥Millions
¥Millions
¥Millions ¥Millions ¥Millions
¥Millions
¥ ¥ ¥ %
% %
% % %
¥ ¥
276,289 271,230 31,295 13,867
17,428 14,425
ー
9,635 2,992
180,128 45,228 105,307
18,095
10,989
(10,600) 389
(4,095) 22,229
79.75 973.13 20 25.1
5.1
ー
8.6
4.7 55.4
976 722
273,788 282,264 30,299 12,390
17,908 13,246
ー
4,045 3,039
196,918 48,447 112,232
21,326
614
(1,535) (921) (3,650)
17,634
75.58 1,027.98 20 26.5
4.4
ー
7.6
4.1 53.9
854 605
288,532 273,134 26,806 8,919
17,886
9,178 7,856 1,964 2,947
181,291 47,736 113,411
8,178
16,435
(4,523) 11,912
(17,533) 12,304
74.96 1,084.44 20 26.7
3.3 2.9
7.2
4.2 62.4
863 675
317,862 301,319 36,113 18,046
18,067
18,119 11,313 3,360 2,308
200,412 47,707 122,387
9,908
7,160
(2,160) 4,999 (3,038)
14,611
109.25 1,199.86 22 20.1
6.0 3.8
9.6
5.9 60.9
1,079 690
       Item
Unit
                People 7,132
7,729
7,872
7,521
2010/3
2011/3
2012/3
2013/3
        63 Corporate Report 2020
 
   2014/3
  2015/3
  2016/3
  2017/3
  2018/3
  2019/3
   2020/3
304,201 301,446 318,513 300,912 38,543 35,740 20,734 18,358
17,809 17,382
20,602 18,589 14,910 12,264 7,372 4,219 2,264 2,660
300,438 324,102 287,437 298,825 35,795 38,480 18,412 20,873
17,382 17,607
18,512 21,409 12,184 13,789 13,215 7,139
3,001 3,251
325,029 424,318 312,669 423,727 43,354 58,337 25,621 31,716
17,732 26,620
26,448 33,431 17,993 40,219 4,256 3,887 3,272 4,725
 556,321
524,574
68,327
31,100
37,226
30,669
15,603
15,855
6,473
 217,091 50,767 135,687
13,374
228,422 52,005 146,768
8,679
238,301 59,830 151,241
16,299
243,438 62,002 158,280
12,825
261,305 62,664 176,101
11,435
416,483 97,955 267,811
18,049
  444,905
107,677
270,109
47,167
9,888
(7,477) 2,411
(905) 16,213
23,167
(2,828) 20,338
(12,343) 24,291
5,389
(13,907) (8,518)
313 16,037
15,504
(6,027) 9,477
(10,230) 15,241
24,800
(4,538) 20,262
(5,137) 30,343
12,770
(17,609) (4,839) (4,924)
41,469
 17,299
(17,085)
213
4,227
46,012
 147.75 123.83 125.90 145.24 189.42 390.25 1,350.05 1,482.82 1,569.09 1,668.29 1,842.97 2,343.43 24 32 38 46 50 70 16.2 25.8 30.2 31.7 26.4 17.9
  139.75
2,395.16
80
57.2
6.5
4.7
11.6 7.1 62.3
6.1 6.4 4.1 4.2
8.7 8.2
5.5 5.2 64.0 63.3
7.0 8.2 7.5 4.6 5.8 9.5
8.9 10.8 18.3
5.7 7.1 11.9 64.8 66.6 63.4
 5.9
3.0
5.9
3.6
59.9
 1,495 1,494 1,543 1,744 3,075 3,410 944 1,141 1,096 1,142 1,559 2,309
 3,135
1,906
  7,553 7,988 7,903 8,074 8,331 13,151
 13,882
      Corporate Data
  Corporate Report 2020 64

Financial Section
Consolidated Balance Sheets
     2016/3
  2017/3
  2018/3
        ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notesreceivable,accountsreceivablefromcompletedconstructioncontracts Short-term investment securities
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts and other Deferred tax assets
Other current assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts Noncurrent Assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures Land
Other property and equipment
Intangible assets goodwill
Other intangible assets
Investments and other assets Investment securities
Net defined benefit asset
Other investments and other assets Allowance for doubtful accounts
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Notes payable, accounts payable for construction contracts Short-term loans payable
Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts Provision for bonuses
Provision for directors’ bonuses
Provision for warranties for completed construction Provision for loss on construction contracts Provision for Loss on dissolved welfare pension fund Other current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable
Deferred tax liabilities
Provision for directors’ retirement benefits Allowance for investment loss
Net defined benefit liability
Other noncurrent liabilities
NET ASSETS
Shareholders’ Equity Capital stock
Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Accumulated other comprehensive income Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Subscription rights to shares Non-controlling interests
137,950 16,244 93,055
91 21,515 3,355 3,688
(1) 100,350 59,830 20,615 4,043 34,370 801 6,477 1,983 4,494 34,043 17,777 13,467 4,161
(1,363)
72,241 37,629 13,336
2,562 3,255 1,124
138 907 258
76 12,952 14,818 ― 2,413 5,557 244 95 4,809 1,697
139,922 6,888 7,939 147,004
(21,910) 10,821 4,121 28 6,671 241 255
142,395 15,431 96,080
63 24,159 3,733 2,927
(0) 101,042 62,002 20,074 4,710 36,197 1,021 4,414 1,053 3,360 34,626 17,093 14,520 4,228
(1,216)
61,283 36,606 826 4,142 3,457 1,242 129 57 507 ― 14,314 23,874 10,000 1,390 5,244 257 206 4,925 1,851
147,333 6,888 7,978 156,477
(24,011) 10,470 3,566 15 6,888 288 187
152,365 26,095 92,185
4,499 27,617 ― 1,967
(1) 108,940 62,664 21,003 4,542 36,602 516 3,909 658 3,251 42,365 19,833 17,947 4,819
(235)
63,161 34,802 1,012 5,004 3,574 1,421 126 58 290 ― 16,870 22,042 10,000 10 4,966 272 42 5,070 1,680
161,682 6,888 8,098 169,883
(23,187) 13,891 5,198 11 8,681 285 242
2019/3
241,708 41,805 156,361 895 38,401 ― 4,403
(158) 174,774 97,955 31,603 8,738 55,403 2,209 14,762 10,259 4,502 62,056 37,917 16,283 8,341
(485) 416,483
114,406 59,265 13,069
7,498 5,487 3,744
420 86 344 ― 24,489 34,265 10,000 4,659 6,965 604 ― 9,283 2,753 148,671
252,870 6,888 47,868 204,647
(6,534) 11,026 4,603
(65) 6,488 355 3,559 267,811
416,483
(¥Millions)
2020/3
264,009 47,550 166,098 898 42,542 ― 7,013
(94) 180,895 107,677 34,447 11,818 58,654 2,757 12,777 7,640 5,136 60,440 34,721 17,059 9,096
(436) 444,905
118,132 60,037 6,817 7,863 9,762 4,559 478 130 2,610 ― 25,872 56,662 30,000 8,965 5,681 750 ― 8,436 2,828 174,795
255,893 6,888 49,604 211,195
(11,795) 10,559 4,210 193 6,156 318 3,337 270,109
444,905
Total assets
  238,301
  243,438
  261,305
      Total liabilities
  87,060
  85,158
  85,204
    Total net assets
 151,241
 158,280
 176,101
 Total liabilities and net assets
 238,301
 243,438
 261,305
   65 Corporate Report 2020

Consolidated Statements of Income
    2016/3
 2017/3
 2018/3
   2019/3 2020/3
 Net sales of completed construction contracts
 287,437
 298,825
 312,669
  423,727 524,574
    Cost of sales of completed construction contracts Selling, general and administrative expenses
Interest income
Dividends income
Reversal of allowance for doubtful accounts Land and house rent received
Gain on sales of non-current assets Reversal of allowance for investment loss Gain on exchange of investment securities Gain on step acquisitions
Other
Interest expenses
Rent expenses
Loss on sales of noncurrent assets
Loss on retirement of noncurrent assets Loss on valuation of investment securities Foreign exchange losses
Impairment loss
Other
Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on abolishment of retirement benefit plan Gain on bargain purchase
Impairment loss Goodwill amortization Goodwill impairment loss
Income taxes-current Income taxes-deferred Total income taxes
251,642 260,344 269,315 17,382 17,607 17,732
21 4 4 266 315 403 441 111 ― 157 572 401 261 437 114
― ― 170 ― 203 ― ― ― ―
289 290 303 57 49 33
44 185 ― 138 516 57 ― 45 68 ― ― 1 397 143 169 ― ― ― 701 458 241
― 1,262 ― ― 209 ― ― ― ―
― 2,159 ― ― ― ― ― ― ―
4,203 7,719 8,018 2,086 (737) 375 6,290 6,982 8,393
(¥Millions)
365,389 456,247
26,620 37,226
16 36 537 749 ― ― 295 415 ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― 1,618 875
48 208 ― ― ― ― ― ―
106 425 ― 522 135 411 463 938
― 658
― ― 18,313 ―
― ― 126 ― ― 4,473
11,943 11,438 (658) (240)
11,284 11,198
     Gross profit on completed construction contracts
 Non-operating income
   Profit (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
35,795
18,512
―
38,480
20,721
(50)
43,354
26,448
―
61
58,337 68,327
     Operating income
18,412
20,873
25,621
31,716 31,100
    1,438
1,936
1,398
2,468 2,076
     Non-operating expenses
1,338
1,400
571
753 2,507
     Ordinary income
18,512
21,409
26,448
33,431 30,669
     Extraordinary income
―
1,471
―
18,313 658
     Extraordinary loss
2,159
126 4,473
  Income before income taxes and minority interests
51,617 26,854
     Net income
12,222
13,739
18,054
40,333 15,656
     37
113 53
     Profit attributable to owners of parent
12,184
13,789
17,993
40,219 15,603
       (¥Millions)
        2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
2020/3
        Net income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Breakdown
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
(1,035) (554) (18) (30)
285 216 (769) (368)
11,426 13,438 26 (68)
1,631 (625) (10) (92) 1,793 (2,193) 3,414 (2,911)
21,413 37,354 55 67
12,222
13,739
18,054
40,333
15,656
      Other comprehensive income
(394)
265
(332)
(461)
      Comprehensive income
11,452
13,370
21,469
37,421
15,195
15,137
58
  Corporate Report 2020 66
     Corporate Data

Financial Section
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
  (¥Millions)
2020/3
――
   2016/3
  2017/3
  2018/3
      Shareholders’ equity Capital stock
Balance at the beginning of current period
Capital surplus
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in Stock exchange
Increase in treasury stock due to increase in consolidated subsidiaries Sales of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Retained earnings
Balance at the beginning of current period
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Change of scope of consolidation
Merger of a consolidated subsidiary and a non-consolidated subsidiary
Treasury stock
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of the treasury stock
Changes in Stock exchange
Increase in treasury stock due to increase in consolidated subsidiaries Acquisition of own shares via trust
Transfer of own shares via trust
Total shareholders’ equity
Balance at the beginning of current period
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of the treasury stock
Changes in Stock exchange
Increase in treasury stock due to increase in consolidated subsidiaries Change of scope of consolidation
Change in equity due to additional acquisition of consolidated subsidiary stock Sales of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Merger of a consolidated subsidiary and a non-consolidated subsidiary Acquisition of own shares via trust
Transfer of own shares via trust
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Balance at the beginning of current period Change of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Subscription rights to shares
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Minority interests
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total net assets
Balance at the beginning of current period
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in Stock exchange
Increase in treasury stock due to increase in consolidated subsidiaries Change of scope of consolidation
Change in equity due to additional acquisition of consolidated subsidiary stock Sales of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Merger of a consolidated subsidiary and a non-consolidated subsidiary Acquisition of own shares via trust
Transfer of own shares via trust
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
6,888 6,888
6,879 7,939
1,060 38
― ― ― ― ― ―
137,957 147,004 ― 22
(3,137) (4,338) 12,184 13,789 ― ― ― ―
(17,029) (21,910)
(5,002) (3,002) 2,057 167 ― ― ― ― (2,600) ― 664 733
134,696 139,922 ― 22
(3,137) (4,338) 12,184 13,789 (5,002) (3,002) 3,117 206 ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― (2,600) ― 664 733
5,157 4,121 (1,036) (554)
35 28 (7) (12)
6,386 6,671 285 216
11,579 10,821 (758) (350)
263 241 (22) 47
229 255 26 (68)
146,768 151,241 ― 22
(3,137) (4,338) 12,184 13,789 (5,002) (3,002) 3,117 206 ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― ― (2,600) ― 664 733
(754) (371)
2019/3
6,888 6,888
6,888
  Total changes of items during the period
 ―
 ―
 ―
 Balance at the end of current period
6,888
6,888
6,888
  6,888
7,978 8,098
120 123 ― 39,639 ― 7 ― ―
39,770 47,868
156,477 169,883
― ―
(4,588) (5,433) 17,993 40,219 ― (21) ― ― 34,764 204,647
(24,011) (23,187)
(3) (3,015) 311 277 ― 19,862
― (1,157)
― ―
515 685 16,653 (6,534)
147,333 161,682
― ―
(4,588) (5,433) 17,993 40,219 (3) (3,015) 431 400 ― 59,502
― (1,157) ― (21) ― 7 ― ― ― ― ― ―
515 685 91,187 252,870
3,566 5,198
1,631 (594) (594) 4,603
15 11
(4) (76) (76) (65)
6,888 8,681
1,793 (2,193) (2,193) 6,488
10,470 13,891
3,420 (2,865) (2,865) 11,026
288 285
(3) 70 70 355
187 242
55 3,317 3,317 3,559
158,280 176,101
― ―
(4,588) (5,433) 17,993 40,219 (3) (3,015) 431 400 ― 59,502
― (1,157) ― (21) ― 7 ― ― ― ― ― ―
515 685 3,471 522 91,710 267,811
6,888
47,868
1,563
―
(2) 174 1,735 49,604
204,647
―
(8,764) 15,603 11
(302) 6,547 211,195
(6,534)
(5,009) 2,167 ― ―
(3,079) 659 (5,261)
(11,795) 252,870
―
(8,764) 15,603 (5,009) 3,731 ― ― 11
(2) 174 (302)
(3,079) 659 3,022 255,893
4,603
(392)
(392) 4,210
(65)
258 258 193
6,488
(331)
(331) 6,156
11,026
(466)
(466) 10,559
355
(36) (36) 318
3,559
(221)
(221) 3,337
267,811
―
(8,764) 15,603 (5,009) 3,731 ― ― 11
(2) 174 (302)
(3,079) 659 (724) 2,298 270,109
Total changes of items during the period
 1,060
 38
 120
 Balance at the end of current period
7,939
7,978
8,098
 Total changes of items during the period
 9,047
 9,450
 13,405
 Balance at the end of current period
147,004
156,477
169,883
 Total changes of items during the period
 (4,880)
 (2,101)
 823
 Balance at the end of current period
(21,910)
(24,011)
(23,187)
 Total changes of items during the period
5,226
7,388
14,349
 Balance at the end of current period
 139,922
 147,333
 161,682
 Total changes of items during the period
(1,036)
(554)
1,631
Balance at the end of current period
 4,121
 3,566
 5,198
  Total changes of items during the period
(7)
(12)
(4)
Balance at the end of current period
 28
 15
 11
  Total changes of items during the period
 285
 216
 1,793
 Balance at the end of current period
6,671
6,888
8,681
 Total changes of items during the period
 (758)
 (350)
 3,420
 Balance at the end of current period
10,821
10,470
13,891
 Total changes of items during the period
 (22)
 47
 (3)
 Balance at the end of current period
241
288
285
 Total changes of items during the period
26
(68)
55
 Balance at the end of current period
 255
 187
 242
 Total changes of items during the period
 4,472
 7,016
 17,820
 Balance at the end of current period
 151,241
 158,280
 176,101
   67 Corporate Report 2020

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
    2016/3
 2017/3
 2018/3
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
 5,389
 15,504
 24,800
          Income before income taxes and minority interests Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Goodwill impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Gain on bargain purchase
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in provision for warranties for completed construction Increase (decrease) in provision for loss on construction contracts Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit asset (liability) Interest and dividends income
Interest expenses
Loss (gain) on sales of noncurrent assets
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable-trade Decrease (increase) in costs on uncompleted construction contracts and other Decrease (increase) in other operating assets Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable-trade Increase (decrease) in advances received on uncompleted construction contracts Increase (decrease) in other operating liabilities Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Gain on exchange of investment securities
Gain on abolishment of retirement benefit plan Other, net
Sub-total
Interest and dividends income received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Purchase of property and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Payments for sales of shares of subsidiaries result- ing in change in scope of consolidation
Payments of loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Decrease (increase) in time deposits and other Other, net
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Repayment of long-term loans payable
Proceeds from long-term loans payable
2019/3
12,770 26,448 51,617 3,272 4,725 0 135 ― ― 395 1,201
― (18,313) (980) 50 179 419 0 28
(216) (106) (694) (1,231) (407) (554)
33 48 (56) (588) 0 (67) 3,892 (28,202)
(3,447) 701 2,175 (1,009) (1,802) 9,240
118 198 2,327 4,528 0 ― ― ― ― ― 285 364 31,523 23,187 408 552
(33) (49) (7,098) (10,920)
(17,609) (3,214) (2,757) 352 698 (1,010) (1,079) (429) (484)
(30) (111) (204) (358) 4 1 1 3,098 (298) 44 1 20
49 72 (35) (20)
(4,924) 5,703 (12,306) (100) 4,130 ― 9,991 ― ―
(708) (1,227) (1,093) (2,474) 2,600 ― ― 1,260 (5,002) (3,002) (3) (3,015) 3,008 153 308 339 (2,600) ― ― ― 664 733 515 685
(3,133) (4,329) (4,581) (5,425)
― ― ― ― ― ― ― (96)
(¥Millions)
2020/3
17,299 26,854 6,473 411 4,473 1,987
(65) (117) 715
44 2,266 (2,233)
(785) 208 (19) (480)
(8,581) (3,517) (2,916)
408 4,099 (1,474) ― ― ― 436 28,188 786
(170) (11,505)
(17,085) (12,693) 810 (1,827) (1,587)
(125) 45 (184)
(350)
4,227 (6,821) 19,904 (2,609) 7,474 (5,009) 3,620 (3,079)
659 (8,749) (36)
18,512 2,857 71 ― 1,082 ―
(514) 75 611
(5,197) (1,339) (288)
57 (122) ― (8,419)
487 (423) 2,438
1,006 (2,673) (0)
―
―
483 8,705 288
(59) (3,545)
(10,467) 1,533 (2,137) (2,570) 10
20,721 3,251 2,159
―
929
―
(148) 117 (850) 248 (399) (319) 49 79 ―
(3,127) (2,659) 965 (1,014)
204 2,671 (1,262)
(203) (209) 390
21,595 318 (66)
(6,343)
(5,761) 901 (2,416)
(443) 1,686
0 233 ― (16,961)
4,038 (5,083)
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
 (13,907)
 (6,027)
 (4,538)
 Purchase of treasury stock
Proceeds from sales of treasury stock
Acquisition of own shares via trust
Transfer of own shares via trust
Cash dividends paid
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Payments from changes in ownership interests in subsid-
iaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Proceeds from changes in ownership interests in subsidiar-
ies that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Other, net (218)
―
― ― ― ― (128)
―
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
 313
 (10,230)
 (5,137)
 (655) ― ― ― ― 287
(244) (182)
(329)
(113)
(9,877)
30,343
(758)
(18)
4,422
41,469
 Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
  (49)
  (42)
  (23)
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
(8,254)
(796)
15,101
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
  24,291
  16,037
  15,241
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents resulting from change of scope of consolidation
 ―
 ―
 ―
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from merger of a consolidated subsidiary and a non-consolidated subsidiary
―
―
―
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents due to share exchange
―
 ―
 ―
  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period
  16,037
  15,241
  30,343
     55 5
― 114 20,948 ―
41,469 46,012
    Corporate Report 2020 68
     Corporate Data

 Corporate Data
Corporate Data
Company Name Established Paid-in Capital Stock Listing Representatives
Net Sales
Number of Employees
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
May 17, 1954
¥6,888 million (as of April 1, 2019)
First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Fuminori Kozono, Cairman
Tetsuya Funabashi, Vice President Tsutomu Ota, Representative Director
¥423.7 billion (consolidated)
¥279.0 billion (non-consolidated) (as of March 31, 2019)
13,151 (consolidated)
3,804 (non-consolidated) (as of March 31, 2019)
 Business Bases
Domestic bases (■Branches/■Offices)
●Head Office ●West Japan
Head Office
■ Hokkaido Branch ■ Tohoku Branch ■ Minami Kanto Branch ■ Koshin Branch ■Tokai Branch ■ Kansai Branch ■Kyoto Branch ■ Hyogo Branch ■ Hokuriku Branch ■ Shikoku Branch ■ Chugoku Branch ■ Kyushu Branch ■ Okinawa Branch
29-20, Shibuya 3-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 2-10, Uchihonmachi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka
7-2-20 Minami 21-jo Nishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo-shi 2-5-1 Omachi, Aoba-ku, Sendai-shi
12-1 Kanagawahoncho, Kanagawa-ku, Yokohama-shi 602-2 Ochiaicho, Kofu-shi
Nishiki SIS Building, 3-10-33 Nishiki, Naka-ku, Nagoya-shi 2-2-10 Uchihonmachi, Chuo-ku, Osaka-shi
539-20 Monzencho, Oikedori Omiya Nishiiru, Nakagyo-Ku, Kyoto-shi 2-1-13 Ekiminamidori, Hyogo-ku, Kobe-shi Kanazawa Fit Building, 53-1 Futakuchimachi-2, Kanazawa-shi 148-20 Hayashicho, Takamatsu-shi
2-7-11 Ogawachimachi, Nishi-ku, Hiroshima-shi 7-8 Tamagawamachi, Minami-ku, Fukuoka-shi 683-1 Onaga, Nishiharacho, Nakagami-gun
■ Iwate Office ■ Yamagata Office ■ Fukushima Office ■ Nagano Office ■ Ibaraki Office ■ Chiba Office ■ Saitama Office ■ Shizuoka Office ■Mie Office ■Gifu Office ■ Wakayama Office ■ Matsuyama Office ■ Kochi Office ■ Yamaguchi Office ■ Shimane Office ■ Kumamoto Office ■ Kitakyushu Office ■ Nagasaki Office ■Oita Office ■ Minami-Kyushu Office
1-4-16 Ryutsusentaminami, Yahabacho, Shiwa-gun 9-10 Minami 4-bancho, Yamagata-shi
3-2 Donemachi, Taira, Iwaki-shi
1-1-12 Kirihara, Nagano-shi
1486 Kasaharacho, Mito-shi
24-9 Shinmachi, Chuo-ku, Chiba-shi
5-1-23 Shirahata, Minami-ku, Saitama-shi 2-26-23 Aoihigashi, Naka-ku, Hamamatsu-shi 1-18-1 Edobashi, Tsu-shi
4-3-5 Kitaisshiki, Gifu-shi
54 Juichibancho, Wakayama-shi
1-15-2 Ichibancho, Matsuyama-shi
993-1 Kera, Kochi-shi
19-2 Ekiminamimachi, Hofu-shi
382 Shinichi, Kisukicho, Unnan-shi
332 Yoyasumachi, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi 1320-13 Otsuka, Maeda, Yahatahigashi-ku, Kitakyushu-shi 823 Tanakamachi, Nagasaki-shi
5-1 Harushinmachi, Oita-shi
4-6 Kasugacho, Kagoshima-shi
 Bases of Five Major Consolidated Subsidiaries
●EXEO TECH CORPORATION 4-1-23 Heiwajima, Ota-ku, Tokyo
●Daiwa Densetsu Corporation 2-5-1 Omachi, Aoba-ku, Sendai-shi
Overseas Bases
●Philippines
 MG EXEO NETWORK, INC.  12th Floor, DPC Place Bldg.
2322 Pasong Tamo Extension,  1231 Makati City,
PHILIPPINES
●C-CUBE Corporation
1-5-1 Monzencho, Naka-ku, Nagoya-shi
●Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd. 3-7-1 Hakataeki-higashi, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka-shi
●NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD.
2-21-1 Isoji, Minato-ku, Osaka-shi
 69 Corporate Report 2020
●Thailand
 EXEO ASIA COMPANY LIMITED
 246 Times Square Building 15-01, 15-03, Shukumvit Road,
Kloengtoey, Bangkok 10110, Thailand
●Singapore
 EXEO GLOBAL Pre. Ltd.
 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898

 Stock Information
(as of March 31, 2020)
   Number of shares held (thousand)
  Percentage of total shares issued (%)
  Fiscal Year-End
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
Stock Listing Ticker Code Common Stock
Total Number of Shareholders
Transfer Agent and Registrar
March 31 June 22, 2018
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section) 1951
Authorized: 300,000,000 shares Issued: 117,812,419 shares
22,524
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Major Shareholders
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
ESOP Association of KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
SUMITOMO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Sumitomo Realty & Development Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
BBH FOR MATTHEWS JAPAN FUND
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd.
(Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Retirement Benefit Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
15,227 13.57
9,254 8.25
3,989 3.56
2,296 2.05
2,081 1.86
1,934 1.72
1,889 1.68
1,855 1.65
1,834 1.63
1,552 1.38
          Note: The Company holds 5,623 thousand shares of treasury stock although those shares are not included in the above table.
The percentage of total shares issued is calculated by excluding treasury stock.
Composition of Shareholders
Treasury stock 4.8%
companies 19.7%
 Financial institutions 43.4%
Securities
companies Foreign   1.0%
 Individuals and others 20.1%
Stock Price Range and Trading Volume on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Stock Price
(¥) 3,400
2,700 2,000 1,300
Trading Volume (Million Shares)
Other corporations 11.0%
    600 20 15 10
5
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 91011121 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 91011121 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 91011121 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 91011121 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 91011121 2 3 0 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
                     Corporate Report 2020 70
     Corporate Data

 Overview of Group Companies
KYOWA EXEO Group Structure
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
  Five Major Consolidated Subsidiaries
C-CUBE Corporation
Insightful company that employs best people to deliver advanced technology and exciting communication offerings
Since its foundation, C-CUBE Corporation has taken advantage of the latest technology to engage in a broad range of businesses including telecommunications facilities works, general equipment works and information services.
Given the current transformation among industries toward collaboration between various fields utilizing ICT infrastructure, the entire C-CUBE group will continue to take on challenges across the board to be an insightful company that can employ the best people to deliver advanced technology and exciting communications offerings by addressing business structure reforms.
Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd.
Contribute to the society and aspire for further development and growth of our business
With the Kyushu region as its home turf, Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd., engages in various businesses such as the mainstay information and communications, ICT solution and social infrastructure businesses.
In addition to improving efficiency and productivity, we will make Group-wide efforts to create unprecedented values as well as propose and offer our customers safe services and products. We will also proactively take on the challenge of cultivating and expanding business opportunities by performing analysis from various angles.
Furthermore, we will promote Group-wide cooperation to enhance our structure to ensure solid response even under emergencies such as the large-scale disasters beyond expectation experienced in recent years.
As a company engaged in all forms of public infrastructure, we will aspire for further growth and development of our business while building on the dreams, wishes and pride of every employee and contributing to society by leveraging our strength.
NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD.
Becoming a company that contributes to a society where people can live safely
Since its foundation, NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD. has contributed to increasing customer satisfaction and creating a society where people can live safely through the construction of a telecommunications infrastructure and the development of IT solutions.
We are currently operating under a three-group structure, i.e., NTT Business Group, Advanced Technology Group, and IT Solutions Group, to provide services and solutions to a wide range of customers.
In response to the COVID-19 crisis this year, we have shifted gears to prepare for the new normal by providing and accelerating solutions incorporating advanced technologies including AI and chatbot to the work style reforms and DX solutions we had been promoting.
We hope to offer solutions that support growth in the prospective post-COVID and with-COVID era by taking advantage of ICT.
EXEO TECH CORPORATION
We will aspire to become a core company dedicated to private sector demand, and aim for further growth
EXEO TECH CORPORATION merged with Exeo Network Corporation and FUJI DENSETSU CO., LTD. in July 2019. Under its management philosophy of “While making swift responses to environmental changes based on the spirit of customer first, we provide support for information and communications services through our advanced technical abilities and quality and optimal services, thereby contributing to the realization of an affluent society,” we will safely and steadily execute works for KYOWA EXEO and make further efforts to increase works received externally. We integrated the human resource system last year, and also reviewed the organization in April 2020, as part of our efforts to achieve better collaboration and synergy effects. We will aim for further growth by taking on the challenges of new businesses such as development of products and businesses utilizing AI and IoT technologies and by maximizing our engineering capacity that will achieve development of communication infrastructure including 5G.
Daiwa Densetsu Corporation
Creating a future full of dreams
Daiwa Densetsu Corporation has worked in the Tohoku region under the management philosophy of “connecting technologies,” “developing hand-in-hand with the region,” and “creating a future,” based on the business foundation of safety, quality, and trust.
We have celebrated the 70th anniversary in 2019, and will flexibly respond to the changes of the times and environment under the theme of “3S (Speed, Smart, Safety)” for the next hundred years.
The NUTRIMATE hospital food nutrition service management system we developed has about 50% market share among university hospitals nationwide. We will endeavor towards further development and growth with the region as a company that makes contribution to the aging society through extending healthy life expectancy with “food.”
           71 Corporate Report 2020

 KYOWA EXEO
  Five Major Consolidated Subsidiaries
     EXEO TECH
Daiwa Densetsu
C-CUBE
Seibu Electric Industry
NIPPON DENTSU
       KYOWA EXEO Group
All 51 consolidated subsidiaries
Major business outline of the subsidiaries
Access engineering
IT
Mobile telecommunications
Electricity
Civil engineering
Overseas
 C-CUBE Group
All 17 consolidated subsidiaries
Major business outline of the subsidiaries
Access engineering
IT
Networks Civil engineering
Electricity
 Seibu Electric Industry Group
All 5 consolidated subsidiaries
Major business outline of the subsidiaries
Access Civil engineering engineering
Electricity
 NIPPON DENTSU Group
All 10 consolidated subsidiaries
Major business outline of the subsidiaries
Access Networks engineering
IT Electricity
15 non-consolidated subsidiaries and 19 affiliates
 Overview of Group Companies
  Kita Daihyaku Tsushin Denki K.K.
Kita Daihyaku Tsushin Denki K.K., was founded in the year of 1964 Tokyo Olympic Games as a telephone facility works and maintenance company. Building on its history and trust, the company has responded to various needs of its customers taking advantage of ICT such as audio systems and information systems.
In recent years, waves of new ICT innovations including 5G and IoT, described as so-called the fourth industrial revolution, are rapidly emerging. The company sees this as a significant business opportunity, and is making daily efforts to create unique solutions that support its customers.
It aspires to contribute to the society through its business, and become a vibrant, shining company where everyone involved, including its customers, management and employees, is fulfilled.
SUN PLANNING SYSTEMS Co., Ltd.
Since its foundation in 1980, SUN PLANNING SYSTEMS Co., Ltd. has been committed to being a prime vendor, and engaged in client support business offering one-stop system development service that covers from requirement definition to systems development and operation. It also offers business solution services leveraging on the know-how obtained through on-going support of its customers, listening to their problems and proposing new solutions. BPM/RPA and diagnostic systems solution have become the growth engine that supports its strong corporate growth.
Based on its management philosophy of “sincerity,” “challenge,” and “learning,” the company promotes and devotes itself in becoming the best partner of its customers to contribute to the creation of benefits to the society, customers, employees and shareholders.
CPU Inc.
CPU Inc., was the first in Japan to develop CAD software for construction planning to be used on personal computers (NEC PC-9801) in 1983. Since then, it has become a software development and sales company creating many software that improve business efficiency, with CAD construction software and civil engineering surveying systems for construction and civil engineering industries as the mainstay products.
More recently, it has been providing regional ICT platform services to local organizations and various institutions such as municipalities and neighborhood associations, offering ICT service proposals, installation and operational support to resolve social issues.
As a member of the EXEO Group and with its pioneering spirit, CPU Inc. will take on the challenge of creating products with ICT to resolve issues of our customers and the society and providing total solutions.
Winner Engineering Pte. Ltd.
Winner Engineering Pte. Ltd. became a member of the EXEO Group in October 2019 through stock acquisition by EXEO GLOBAL Pte. Ltd., our headquarters for overseas business.
Since its foundation in 1975, it has been engaged in many air conditioning and hygiene facilities works and electrical works in Singapore. It was an early adopter of BIM for design and surveying as well as new construction methods such as the Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction (PPVC). Its growth was achieved by the business operation that flexibly responded to the changes in the domestic construction industry and focused on leading-edge trends.
By integrating the company’s air conditioning and hygiene works technologies with the business network and ICT/electrical works technologies of other Group companies in Singapore (DeClout Group and Leng Aik Engineering), Winner Engineering Pte. Ltd. will contribute to the development and growth of the overseas business and further business growth of the EXEO Group.
       Corporate Report 2020 72
     Corporate Data

  