Environmental business
The Company contributes to promoting a recycling-orient- ed society through involvement in the design, construction and maintenance of renewable energy facilities, including solar power generation facilities and biomass boilers.
Solar power generation business
By effectively recycling waste or appropriately disposing of waste if it is not recyclable, we will continue to contrib- ute to preserving the global environment and a society where we can live in security.
Western Japan Area Eastern Japan Area
Solar power facilities of other companies
Panel installation capacity
394
Output
  Solar power facilities of our own
Wood biomass business
Thermal output (MW)
Energy recovery business
Throughput (ton/day)
Electricity generated
25
(Electricity used by 5,320 households per year)
Output
28 MW 747tons
 GWh
MW
   5 (976)20 (4,344)148246
 Power generating output (MW)
Recycling business
Throughput (ton/day)
 2.5 MW 154 tons
This prize recognized the TCS’s Energy Management Service, an energy conservation service via control
of air-conditioning equipment, which helps solve common issues when small- to medium-sized business
proprietors introduce energy conservation measures—maintaining comfort, easy on-site operation and less barriers for in- troduction, as well as the Company’s cloud-type platform technology for energy control, which enabled the TCS’s Energy Management Service.
 7210.81.7
    per day
per day29645125129
 FY2017 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation
Offering modern energy service that’s affordable and reliable
The Company and Tepco Customer Service Corporation Limited were awarded the FY2017 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation— Chairman Prize for The Energy Conservation Center, Japan (ECCJ) in the Product Category & Business Model Category—for the energy-saving service using IoT provided by electricity retailers.
  Corporate Report 2020 34The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives
Involvement in the Environment
Initiatives Regarding the Prevention of Global Warming
As for the reduction of power consumption, power-saving measures for equipment are taken including the conver- sion of electric appliances to energy-saving type ones and the enhanced use of inverters for diverse equipment. In addition, companywide initiatives mainly taken by the re- sponsible person on each floor include setting the energy- saving mode for PCs, removing unnecessary lighting devices, turning off lights during lunchtime hours and set- ting appropriate temperatures for air conditioners. Moreover, every employee aggressively promotes electrici- ty-saving activity in his/her daily actions.
Promotion of Recycling and Effective Utilization of Resources
The KYOWA EXEO Group proactively addresses abating volumes and the appropriate treatment of waste, as well as promoting its reuse as recycled resources in the pursuit of reduced waste volume and complete recycling. The waste category covered by this initiative is industrial waste produced from the construction work of information and communication facilities and general waste discharged from offices.
Asphalt, concrete debris, electric wire trash, etc., are properly treated via a sorting control for further reuse or recycling. Moreover, ongoing initiatives include the en- hanced use of proper amounts for work materials, re- quests for collection of packaging materials to suppliers and guidance on the necessary steps to workers for recy- cling via onsite patrols.Initiatives toward Prevention of Global Warming and Preservation of Biodiversity
   EXEO’s forests (Mori), which extending nationwide, are groomed by employees’ hands
Embracing the opportunity of the Company’s 50th anniversary of its foundation, forest preservation activity started and the Company continues to maintain government-owned forests for up to 60 years.
Seizing the opportunity of the 50th anniversary of its foundation, the Company became strongly conscious of the prevention of global warming and contributing to local communities. Giving its approval to the maintenance enhancement campaign of forest resources, which was then pro- moted by the Forestry Agency, the Company entered into a profit-sharing afforestation con- tract* with the Hokkaido, Tohoku, Kansai, Kyushu, Chugoku and Kyushu regional forest offices regarding so-called corporate forests. The Company named the forests “EXEO’s forests” and continues their maintenance activity, which also serves as an occasion for social assembly and recreation among employees and their families.
*Profit-sharing afforestation contract: Agreement on the maintenance activities of government-owned forests (natural forests), which are premised on there being no logging.
Kansai Branch
EXEO’s forests (Mori)
Carried out cleanup activities
– Deepening friendship under the autumn leaves –
On November 16, 47 employees and their family members participated in a cleanup of the EXEO’s forests in Nishi- nomiya City, Hyogo Prefecture.
They picked up trash and removed weeds along the mountain roads, and then enjoyed a lunch while deepening friendship. The day was blessed with fine weather and the participants had enjoyable time while taking in the au- tumn leaves.
We will continue to carry out these forest cleanup activities to contribute to the local community and to promote friendship among employees.
Kyusyu Branch
EXEO’s forests (Mori)
Carried out environmental conservation activities – Protecting our beautiful forests –
On October 16, a total of 10 people took part in environmental conservation activities in the EXEO’s forests on Mt. Gankai, which is located in Uto City, Kumamoto Prefecture.
As in past years, we carried out ac- tivities such as cutting vines and clean- ing up the mountain trails, and we were blessed with good, crisp autumn weather. Everyone who participated worked very efficiently.
We will continue to proactively en- gage in environmental conservation ac- tivities going forward.
Tohoku Branch
Fiscal 2019 EXEO’s forests (Mori) Carried out conservation activities – Lustrous trees showing signs of winter –
We carried out our annual EXEO’s for- ests conservation activities on Novem- ber 2, just as the trees were losing their leaves to the autumn breeze and you could feel the richness of autumn in the beautifully colored Shiroishi Zao area.
A total of 18 participants from EXEO worked tirelessly until the end of the day, led by a leader for the area to which they had been assigned to weed out the underbrush, clean up walking trails, and reconfirm the boundaries.
   35 Corporate Report 2020