   by n
Tokyo
Chiba
Site of the restoration work
Futtsu City
  Initiatives in response to disasters
Access Engineering Department
Restoration work in Chiba Prefecture following Typhoon No. 15
Established a new relief route for communication infrastructure disrupted landslides and achieved early restoratio
Typhoon No. 15 hit the Boso Peninsula in Chiba Prefecture on September 9, 2019 and caused many landslides in the mountainous areas. The extensive damage to houses and other parts of the lifeline such as electricity and water supply caused by landslides and fallen trees is still fresh in people’s minds.
Inspections after the disaster revealed that roads were cut off in many places by landslides and fallen trees, which also caused extensive damage to communication equipment. While the Japanese Self-Defense Forces were working hard to first open the roads and then restore power, Futtsu City requested that communications be restored in isolated villages, and KYOWA EXEO was assigned to the task.
The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism explained that it would take a long time to restore a road that had been damaged by landslides, and it was decided that a new relief route were to be constructed in order to achieve early restoration.
However, because there were small-scale landslides along the new relief route as well, the restoration work began with the city collecting the soil and restoring the road, followed by restoration by Tepco and then NTT. Thanks to the efforts of the Group companies involved in the construction work as “Team EXEO,” the restoration work proceeded smoothly, and it was possible to quickly restore communication infrastructure in the isolated villages.
 Downed utility poles and hanging cables due to landslide
Road blockage due to fallen trees Cable cut by a fallen tree
   A comment from Construction Manager Iwabuchi
Studying the new relief route in advance, we were able to respond to the request for early restoration.
 The affected area was on high ground with a mobile phone base station, so we had to restore the communication lines as soon as possible. Although the relief route which we newly considered was also in poor condition due to damage at
several locations and we had difficulty in logging work as the route passed through the mountain forests, we were able to respond quickly to requests from the government and mobile phone companies for help.
While we worked on the restoration of damaged areas including landslides caused by Typhoon No. 15 at this time, some areas were damaged again by the subsequent Typhoon No. 19. This experience taught us that in consideration of the risk of natural disasters, which have been increasing in recent years, it is necessary to achieve early restoration by flexibly making adjustments such as establishing a different route rather than using the same single route to prevent repeated damage.
Corporate Report 2020 36The KYOWA EXEO Group’s ESG Initiatives
Involvement in the Environment
Social Contribution Activities
Chugoku Branch
Protecting our beautiful river environment
Participation in the Clean Ota River simultaneous cleanup project
    On July 28, the Chugoku Branch participated in a cleanup of the Ota River, a river that repre- sents Hiroshima Prefecture.
With the aim of creating a beautiful river envi- ronment, residents of all cities and towns in the Ota River basin participate in this annual clean- up every July, which is sponsored by Hiroshima City.
The Chugoku Branch, located near the Ota River, participates in this event every year, to- gether with people from partner companies. This year, a total of 55 people joined local resi- dents in picking up empty cans and other trash from the river.
  Kyoei Densetsu Kogyo Corp.
Group photo after collecting the trash
Litter around the park picked up by 41 people
Participated in the Osaka Marathon Cleanup Campaign
   On November 28, a total of 41 employees from Kyoei Densetsu Kogyo participated in a cleanup activity in nearby Nakaoe Park as part of the Osaka Marathon Cleanup Campaign.
Empty cans and cigarette butts littered around the park were picked up to welcome the many people from Japan and abroad who will be participating in the Osaka Marathon with a clean city.
This year was the eighth time we have partic- ipated in this event, and we will continue to take an active role in making Osaka a cleaner city going forward.
  Daiwa Densetsu Corporation
Making a small contribution to a clean city
Giving back to the areas affected by Typhoon No. 19
Dispatching volunteers to Marumori-machi, Miyagi Prefecture, where employees live
   Typhoon No. 19 that occurred on October 12 affected many areas, particularly on the Pacific side of the Tohoku region.
Because many telecommunication facilities including those of NTT East were damaged, Daiwa and Sigmax cooperated together in restoration work, including temporary measures.
During the weekdays between November 7 and 29, when volunteers were scarce, employees of Daiwa, Sigmax, and EXEO Tohoku Branch were dispatched to Marumori-machi and other disaster-struck areas in Miyagi Prefecture, where our employees live and receive constant support. We pray for the earliest possible recovery of the affected areas.
 37 Corporate Report 2020
Removing rice straw washed ashore by a flood in front of the volunteer center

 Shikoku Branch
Beautifully arranging the huge Zenigata Sunae (coin-shaped sand drawing)
Participation in sand arrangement for Kanei Tsuho (old time coin)
    On November 17, Shikoku Branch and Exeo Mobile partici- pated in a sand arrangement event for the Kanei Tsuho sand coin drawing, Zenigata Sunae, which is a sightseeing spot in Kan-onji City, Kagawa Prefecture.
The sand drawing measures 122 meters from east to west, 90 meters from north to south and 345 meters in circumfer- ence, and it is said to help people live long and healthy lives with no shortage of money.
Participants including many volunteers from the local com- munity enjoyed the fine weather on the day of the event to enter the area of Kanei Tsuho sand drawing, which is usually closed to the public, and arranged the sand drawing beauti- fully using shovels and rakes.
 Tohoku Branch
Working against littering
Sand arrangement using shovels
    River basin cleanup in Sendai City
On September 28, under clear and warm autumn skies be- fore the cold weather of Tohoku region sets in, 15 participants cleaned up the basin of the Hirose River that runs through the city of Sendai. This time, we changed from our familiar loca- tion to a bush zone, and pushed through the bushes to find a lot of plastic bottles and other beverage waste in hidden cor- ners. The Tohoku Branch will continue to clean up the river basin until there is no more trash to pick up, and we will also raise awareness in the community about not littering on the road.
 Kyushu Branch
Cleaning up a pine forest in the clear autumn weather
Participated in Itoshima Pine Forest Restoration and Conservation Activity sponsored by the Seibu Electric Industry group for the first time
    On November 9, we participated in the Itoshima Pine Forest Restoration and Conservation Activ- ity sponsored by Seibu Electric Industry in Itoshima City, Fukuoka Prefecture, together with Group companies in the Kyushu area.
A total of about 400 people participated in this event and cleaned up the pine forest in the clear autumn weather. Everyone who participat- ed worked very efficiently.
We will continue to actively engage in envi- ronmental protection activities and deepen our friendships within the Group through such activ- ities in the future.
 Corporate Report 2020 38