 Social Initiatives
Shareholder and Stakeholder RelationsAiming to Enhance Corporate Value
 Koichi Mino
Director and Managing Operating Officer and General Manager, Corporate Planning Division
The KYOWA EXEO Group considers profit distribution to shareholders as an important managerial issue. To this end, we place a high priority on commu- nication with our shareholders and investors. We strive on a daily basis to deepen their understanding of the Group, so that we gain their trust and be evaluated properly, through events such as open meetings of shareholders and proactive, easy-to-understand IR activities. Going forward, we will con- tinue to strive for fair, timely and appropriate disclosure of information and engage in honest and highly transparent business operations to further en- hance our corporate value.
Shareholders’ Meeting
On June 24, 2020, the Company held its 66th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. While this year’s meeting was held on a smaller scale than in previous years, due in part to the prevalence of COVID-19, the Company views the meeting as an important forum for communicating with its shareholders. Accordingly, we are taking the following ini- tiatives.
Initiatives
Holding of meetings while avoiding days on which there is a high concentration of shareholders’ meetings Early dispatch of the convocation notice
Disclosure of the convocation notice prior to dispatch Exercise of voting rights by electromagnetic means Participation in the voting rights exercise platform
  Disclosure of an English-language convocation notice
  Introduction of a smartphone-based voting right ex-
ercise service
Shareholder Benefits
One of our initiatives to increase the attractiveness of our shares is our shareholder benefits program.
*Sent once a year in late June after the close of the Company’s shareholders’ meeting.
Earnings Announcement
In accordance with the Securities Listing Regulations, we prepare full-year and quarterly summaries of financial re- sults at the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and disclose them fairly, promptly and extensively through TDnet and other media.
IR Activities
The Company holds biannual financial results briefings for institutional investors and securities analysts, as well as business briefings, on-site briefings, briefings for individual investors and other such meetings to deepen their under- standing of the Company’s business operations and the level of technology and on-site capabilities.
On April 1, 2020, we completely renewed our corporate website. We have also further enhanced the contents of the “Investor Relations” page, which contains a large amount of IR information such as presentation materials and monthly orders received. In addition, we have estab- lished a contact point for inquiries via our web form, and e-mail IR information to those who wish to receive it.
A meeting with institutional investors from overseas
Web streaming of a financial results briefing
 Shareholder Benefits (for shareholders of 1,000 shares or more)QUO CARD
Holding period of less than three years: ¥1,000 equivalent
Holding period of three years or more: ¥2,000 equivalent
  45 Corporate Report 2020