    B Fundamentals of our value creation
    Our actions in-house in the areas of talent development, workstyle innovation, and diversity/ inclusion, as well as outside the company in achieving stakeholder engagement, harmony with society, and supply chain management form the fundamentals we depend on in continuously creating value for customers. The importance of these actions in our pursuit of higher corporate value remains unchanged even as we adjust how we implement such actions due to impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Talent development, diversity and inclusion
Progress made in FY 2019Japan
Defining workstyle guidelines by department:
Established rules for working from home and other workstyles tailored to different job roles, facilitating a smooth transition during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Introducing talent management tools:
Centralized HR information such as employee work history, evaluations, and self-assessments, so that they can be utilized by the management.
Worldwide
Introducing global grading: Set salary grades for heads of overseas subsidiaries, with plans to link this to talent development in the future.
Optimizing salary system and operations:
Revised compensation schemes in view of future transfers at overseas subsidiaries and other trends, while also standardizing operations for better service levels.
 We work to ingrain competencies (behavioral characteristics that enable sustainable performance
in delivering results) into employees as the basis of
our human resource development. In FY 2019, we conducted training and multisource (360-degree) feedback for 650 managers in Japan based on what we defined as key competencies expected of managers. In FY 2020, we are expanding these efforts to cover all ranks in Japan, while also applying the multisource feedback model to top-level managers in other countries.
Participants of the said training learn a total of eight competencies — four from the perspective of Building People and four from Building Business. They then use multisource feedback to understand their current performance and identify areas of improvement, following the PDCA cycle of action.
HR road map
To establish and reinforce the importance of talent development, we have also added elements of Building People to the performance evaluation criteria for individual employees starting FY 2020.
With these efforts, we develop self-driven individuals and competent leaders, which ultimately boosts employee satisfaction and the value we offer our customers.
Workstyle innovations
In Japan, we have set up a new employee development infrastructure called SATO University for conducting training remotely. This came after we saw how our global offices were successful in running online workshops amid COVID-19 restrictions on mobility and business operations. Doing the same in Japan would allow us to impart sales knowledge/skills and instill strategies for success, helping employees understand their individual roles and the company’s expectations of them even when we cannot communicate face to face.
From the SATO University portal, employees can access market-specific courses or join interactive subject-specific courses with market strategy leaders and top salespeople sharing their sales expertise. These courses are open to all employees to take at their own convenience.
Between April and June 2020, approximately 9,000 participants joined over 70 courses, with great reviews going to those courses featuring sales basics and new
Stakeholder engagement
We engage our investors and other stakeholders in active dialogue to communicate our corporate story for ceaseless value creation, using their feedback to improve our business management and build mutually rewarding relationships based on trust. Even with the ongoing pandemic, we believe in maintaining stakeholder engagement, and have sought to do so via online meetings with domestic and global investors whom we usually meet face to face. While there is no denying the value of in-person meetings, we will strive to make our web conferences with stakeholders equally effective now that the online mode is becoming the new norm due to considerations for safety and ease of connectivity.
products/solutions. We noticed that many work-from- home employees showed enthusiasm in using intervals in between work to learn and improve their skills, which marks a step forward in our plans to transfer tacit knowledge within the company.
We will work to enhance the site with more content and extend its use to onboarding training programs (for new hires) to develop it into a powerful component of our HR development infrastructure.
SATO University portal
A website for employees to choose and learn from materials and videos related to different markets (e.g., manufacturing, retail) and subjects (e.g., RFID, automation).
Note: As of August 2020; only for Japan.
Every year SATO Holdings enters the IR Award, which is presented by the Japan Investor Relations Association (JIRA) to recognize companies for their understanding and promotion of IR activities. We did not even make it to the top 100 for a few years up to 2018, but finally rose to the top 40 in 2019 amid more than 300 companies that applied for the award. We are grateful to investors and other capital market participants who recognize the steadfast efforts we have made in gathering feedback from our business front lines to improve stakeholder dialogue, and will continue doing our best to meet their expectations.
 Building People
• Leverage individual potential • Hone skills
• Work together
• Motivate team members
(Diversity) (Professionalism) (Collaboration) (Team building)Building Business
• Understand the facts • Think critically
• Drive changes
• Accomplish
(Insight)
(Strategy) (Challenge/innovation) (Results orientation)
 Vision
To fill SATO with talents who embody genbaryoku and our corporate credo that underlies it, to continuously deliver customer value that add to the growth of our business.
Install results-oriented HR systems
Instill grade-specific competencies in employees (training, 360-degree feedback)
Implement talent management
Work on succession planning
Enhance talent and career development programs (with a clearer link between the two)
Apply big data analytics to talent management
Run employee engagement surveys and implement focal measures based on the results
Verify effectiveness of Start work-from-home and other new workstyles for the new head office workstyle innovations
Promote diversity and inclusion (e.g., initiatives for empowering long-serving/female employees, increasing job satisfaction) Develop koto-uri talents outside Japan, especially in Asia
Provide English learning programs based on department-specific goals
Instill SATO Values
Strengthen HR management and governance Install a global grading system
Start competency training and 360-degree feedback (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan) Improve goal setting and performance appraisal (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
Determine medium-term incentives (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
  Initiatives FY 2020 FY 2021 FY 2022 or later
       Design new HR system for managers
Establish competency framework
Motivate long-serving employees
Define workstyle guidelines by department
Introduce talent management tools
Send interested candidates for expatriate assignments
Promote the use of English
                   Conduct SATO Values workshops
Develop HR management concept based on global grading
Install a globally standardized KPI management system with yearly incentives (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
Revise expatriate rules and processes
Send interested candidates for expatriate assignments to develop koto-uri talents locally
Provide English learning programs for local employees
      Implement talent management
Work on succession planning
Send interested candidates for expatriate assignments to develop koto-uri talents locally Deploy koto-uri best practices company-wide
Develop the English proficiency of local employees
Support HR measures for countries of high business priority
Start standardized manager training
Train local employees for a global career
Plan global mobility policy
Plan global benefit management
           38 SATO Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
SATO Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 39