                                                                        Epson Group
Integrated Report 2020
                                                                                              
 1
INDEX
Integrated Report 2020
     Value Proposition
Value Creation Strategy
Message from the CEO・ 13 Epson 25 Corporate Vision・ 17
The Epson 25 Phase 2
Mid-Range Business Plan・ 19
Value Creation Infrastructure
A History of Value Creation ・3 Management Philosophy ・5 Value Creation Story・6 Feature Article 1:
Improve the Quality of Products and Services・ 45 Strengthen Supply Chain Management・ 47 Strengthen Governance ・49  Message from the CCO・ 53  Compliance・ 54  Risk Management・ 55  Director Profile・
Contributing to Sustainability・7 Feature Article 2:
Message from the CFO・23 Responding to TCFD
Response to the Coronavirus Pandemic・ 11
Recommendations・25 Message from the CTO・29
Business Segment Overview・31 Inkjet Innovation・ 33 Visual Innovation・37 Wearables Innovation・39 Robotics Innovation・41 Microdevices Supporting the
57   Matrix of Areas of Expertise Particularly Expected for Directors・ ・ ・ 5 8 Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy・59 Respect Human Rights and Promote Diversity・ 63
Practicing Sustainable Business・ Fact Data
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights・ 69 Consolidated Financial Highlights・71 Group Outline・73
Public Recognition/List of Notes・ 74
65
 Four Areas of Innovation・43
This report includes forward-looking statements, estimates, and plans. Projections herein are based on the best information available at the time of publication. Actual results may vary from those discussed.
 Disclaimer

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
2
 Using This PDF
Editorial Policy
This report provides important information to shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders about Epson’s sustainability and growth potential by covering topics such as Epson’s business strategies, financial performance, and ESG activities. Editorial decisions in the preparation of this report were based on the principles outlined in Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation from the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and on the International Integrated Reporting Framework from the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).
    Explanation of Headers
      Issued November 2020
Period covered April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020
  (Some information may be from other periods.)
   Coverage 85 Epson Group companies (including Seiko Epson Corporation)
Disclosures Epson has also been working to improve communication with stakeholders by publishing a Sustainability Report and providing information on its websites and in other media.
Note:“Epson”refers to the Epson Group, unless indicated otherwise.
* Epson applies International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). However, Japanese accounting standards were used for financial figures from the 2013 fiscal year and earlier. The term“business profit,”as used in this report, is very similar to operating income under Japanese accounting
   Print the current page
Return to the last page viewed
Go to previous page or next page Go to the index
 Button Functions
standards (J-GAAP), both conceptually and numerically.
* Please do not use images and other content in this report without permission.
 About the Cover Design
    Go to website for details
Web link button
Go to the website
Video
Video link button
Go to the video
Details on P. 00
Page link button
Go to the page
*See note here
Note link button
Go to a list of notes
 The rings and the grid are used as design elements that represent innovation and order and discipline, respectively.
The illustration represents the four areas of innovation under the Epson 25 Corporate Vision where Epson has been exercising discipline for many years to compete and make rapid advances so that it can delight customers by exceeding their expectations.
   
 3
A History of Value Creation
Epson has evolved and expanded over the decades while passing on its DNA as a product developer and manufacturer.
Since 1942, we have produced numerous pioneering products. These products came from the same source: a storehouse of efficient, compact, and precision technologies, an approach to customer needs that is defined by integrity and effort, and a spirit of creativity and challenge that fuels a relentless desire to exceed customer expectations. Epson remains committed to creating products and services that exceed customer expectations and that change the world.
2003
TSE IPO
Integrated Report 2020
    Small, lightweight computer printer
Printer for High-speed 1983 PC-POS systems inkjet printer
Precision assembly robot
2008
Large-format printer
   1980
1990 1994
2009
2016
2017
Six-axis robot
Office papermaking system
High-speed linehead inkjet MFP
    1956 1968
Mechanical watch Digital with an original design printer
       Strengthening business structure
Integrity and Effort & Creativity and Challenge
Meet customer expectations and become indispensable
  Expansion period
Creativity and Challenge
Diversification of products and businesses derived from watch and timekeeping technologies*1
Integrity and Early Effort
  period
Watch and printer technology development
2010
High-brightness laser projector
Digital inkjet textile printer
Revenue Business Profit
2019
2016
2018
Revenue
Business profit (Bil.ofyen) (Bil.ofyen) 1,500 200
1,200
150 900
100
50
00
    1971
1988
High-capacity ink tank printer
  Watch chip
Panel module
2011
2017
 1994
Smart glasses
Analog watches
  1969
1973
LCD projector
Digital quartz watch*2
*1 Crystal devices, printers, LCD panels
*2 Products are registered as Essential Historical Materials for Science and Technology
Quartz watch*2
    1963 1963
Electronic recording system Portable, high-accuracy, for sporting events battery-operated
Founded
600
300
   quartz timer
 1942
by the National Museum of Nature and Science.
  1970
1990
1995 2000
2005
2010 2015
 Origin of Epson’s efficient, compact, and precision technologies
Brand establishment
and growth into Global pioneer in environmental action Surging ahead into a new era Contributing to global solutions a multinational corporation
Epson’s Revenue and Business Profit Trend
Figures after the FY2003 IPO have been audited. Those prior to that have not. Figures through FY2012 were calculated based on Japanese accounting standards. Those from FY2013 are based on IFRS.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
4
 A History of Value Creation
1942
Founded
Origin of Epson’s efficient, compact, and precision technologies
1975
Brand establishment and growth
In 1975, the Epson brand and the first overseas sales company were established, followed by other global sales organizations. In 1989, the Epson Group’s Management Philosophy was established.
1992
      1970
1990
2000
    Daiwa Kogyo Ltd. was established in 1942. Numerous ground-breaking products were created by applying the company’s efficient, compact, and precision manufacturing technologies.
into a multinational corporation
Global pioneer
in environmental action
In 1992, CFCs were eliminated from our production processes in Japan. Behind our pioneering environmental actions was a conviction that conservation was our only hope for prospering as a company.
    Daiwa Kogyo Ltd.,
the predecessor of Seiko Epson (1942)
2003
TSE IPO
Monument engraved with the motto of founder Hisao Yamazaki
Epson America, Inc., Epson’s first overseas sales company (1975)
Epson, winner of the Stratospheric Ozone Layer Protection Award from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (1992)
  2010
Now
   Surging ahead into a new era
In 2003, Seiko Epson shares were listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. In 2005, the “Exceed Your Vision” global tagline was established to build the brand worldwide.
Contributing to global solutions
Epson continues to develop new technologies such as those used in the PaperLab A-8000 (2016). Under the Epson 25 Corporate Vision, we aim to create a new connected age of people, things, and information with efficient, compact and precision technologies.
       Seiko Epson shares listed on Section 1 of the TSE (2003)
New factory in the Philippines with a rooftop mega-solar power plant with a maximum output of 3,000 kW of power (2017)
Won the Economy, Trade and Industry Minister’s Prize in the 1st Eco Products Awards category:PaperLab office papermaking system (2018)
FY2018 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation (Product Category & Business Model Category) Sponsor: The Energy Conservation Center, Japan
Won the 2018 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation: High-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer (2019)
   
  5
Integrated Report 2020
 Epson derives its strength from
its efficient, compact, and precision technologies,
an approach to customer needs that is defined by integrity and effort, and a spirit of creativity and challenge that fuels a desire
to exceed expectations.
      
     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
6
 Value Creation Story
Epson seeks to create new value by leveraging the efficient, 2050 Environmental Vision 2050
 compact, and precision technologies that are in its DNA.
2025 Epson 25 Corporate Vision
2030 SDGs
   Societal issues
       Input
Technology assets
Efficient, Compact, and Precision Technologies
● Micro Piezo
● Dry fiber technology
● Microdisplay
● Sensing
● Robotics ●
Materiality
Advance the frontiers of industry
Achieve sustainability in a circular economy
Improve the quality of products and services
Strengthen supply chain management
Respect human rights and promote diversity
Strengthen governance
Value creation strategy
Open innovation
Value proposition
Inkjet-based solutions for improving productivity and saving energy and resources
Dry fiber technology-based solutions for in-office resource recycling
Projection technology for amazing visual experiences and easy visual communications
Unique wearables that are a pleasure to wear
Collaborative and smart robotic solutions that serve people
Device technologies that enable smart communities
Outputs
Outcome
Achieving a sustainable society
The 2019 calendar year ranking in number of patents laid open to the public per Epson research Business profit is very similar to operating income under Japanese accounting standards (J-GAAP), both conceptually and numerically. Epson began using business profit as an indicator after adopting International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Business profit/revenue
Profit for the period attributable to owners of the parent company/Beginning and ending balance average equity attributable to owners of the parent company
          Climate change and resource depletion
Heightened expectations for sustainable practices
Increased productivity & preservation of artisanal skills
Response
to lifestyle diversification
Widening of regional disparities
Dangerous and harsh working environments
Go to website for details
Expansion of the office market
 ● Inkjet printers
● Office papermaking
 systems
● Projectors
● Scanners
     Inkjet innovation
Details on P. 33
Expansion of the commercial and industrial markets
● Commercial and industrial printers
● High brightness projectors
● Robots
Reinforcement of the consumer market
● Wearable products ● Smart glasses
● Inkjet printers
Revenue
             Visual innovation
Details on P. 37
   Semiconductors and
crystal devices ● Ultra-precision
processing technology
Types of capital
    Wearables innovation
Details on P. 39
    (Current as of March 31, 2020)
   Financial
Manufacturing
Intellectual
Human
Social and relationship
Natural
Total assets
¥1,040.9 billion Financial A rating (R&I)
FY2025 financial objectives
  Robotics innovation
Details on P. 41
 capital
Balance of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets
¥389.5 billion
Number of inkjet printer patents filed and laid open to the public in Japan and the U.S. Intellectual No. 1*1 capital
Total employees
75,608
Companies in the Epson Group 85 (including Seiko Epson Corp.) (18 companies in Japan and 67 overseas)
Limited natural resources (e.g., energy & materials)
Output example
*1 *2
*3
4 *
      Microdevices
Supporting the four areas
of innovation Details on P. 43
¥1,700 billion Business Profit*2
  ¥200 billion ROS*3 ROE*4
  12% 15%
   *Assumed exchange rates: ¥115/USD & ¥125/EUR
 Value creation infrastructure
Transforming the office environment
- Higher productivity
- Lower environmental impact - Advanced communication
Transforming the production floor
- Higher productivity
- Lower environmental impact - Improved work environment
     Details on P. 66
Details on P. 7
Details on P. 9
    Indispensable company

7
Feature Article 1
Contributing to Sustainability
Integrated Report 2020
      Transforming the Office Environment
Materiality
Advance the Frontiers of Industry/
Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Advancement of ICT
Business across borders
Long working hours
Diverse work arrange- ments
Epson’s products and services will transform offices in a variety of ways, including by enhancing productivity and communication, reducing long working hours, supporting flexible work arrangements, and saving energy and paper resources.
Office environmental changes & issues
Energy efficiency
Lack of communi- cation
    Resource conservation
Information leaks
Effective use of work spaces
                                 Higher productivity
Value Proposition
Low environmental impact
          Advanced
 communi-
 cation
       Solution
 
     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
8
 Feature Article 1  Contributing to Sustainability Example 1
  Example 2
Extending the Office             Facilitating Enriched
       for Smoother Communication
Paper-Based Communication
    Societal Issues & Needs
To address societal issues, we must bring together a more diverse range of ideas and rapidly create new value. Meanwhile, as globalization progresses, people want tools that allow them to better communicate without time and distance constraints.
Societal Issues & Needs
Paperless processes are being adopted primarily due to cost and environmental concerns, but there is also concern that paperless processes can hamper productivity. Paper-based information can boost productivity by providing a fuller view of information that is easier to read and understand. These advantages underpin the still-firm demand for an office environment that allows people to print efficiently and without hesitation.
   POINT 1
POINT 2
POINT 3
Projector solutions
Use a laser light source to project bright, sharp images even in well-lit offices
Project large images with ultra-short-throw lens projectors to use limited space with maximum efficiency
Use interactive features to share and notate projected documents and images
Projector
Print costs approx.
Reduced by approx.
Print speed 100*3
pages/minute
Epson’s water-free
Make new paper from used copy paper on the spot
      th 1/10 *1
80
Dry Fiber Technology
*2 %
High-speed
linehead inkjet multifunction printer
*4
                           Value Proposition
Foster a sense of unity with face-to-face communication
Speed up information sharing and increase productivity
Minimize wasteful travel, reduce CO2, and save time
High-capacity ink tank printer
A solution that combines inkjet printers and an office papermaking system
PaperLab A-8000
dry process office papermaking system
Build a paper
recycling loop in the office
        POINT 1
Provide a far cheaper inkjet printing environment that offers incomparably better environmental performance
POINT 2
         Enrich paper-based communication at sharply lower cost and environmental impact
     Value Proposition
Contribute to the conservation of forest and water resources
    Camera
through in-office paper recycling
Maintain information
 Remote locations are kept connected by projectors that create an extended office, as in this example from Epson.
* Requires a linkup with a third-party communication system.
security by defibrating paper
*1, *2, *3, *4 See note here
          
9
Feature Article 1  Contributing to Sustainability
Integrated Report 2020
  Transforming the Production Floor
Diversification of customers’ needs
Labor shortages
Quality variations
Changes & issues in the production environment
      Production is changing. There are labor and skilled worker shortages, a diversification of needs, and heightened environmental awareness. We are transforming the production floor by raising productivity and lowering environmental impacts.
Long working hours
Chemical health hazards
Materiality
Advance the Frontiers of Industry/
Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Soaring labor costs
Product and manufacturing process sophistication
Skilled
worker shortage
     Occupational accidents in production
Heightened environmental awareness
Resource depletion
                              Higher productivity
Value Proposition
Improved
Low environmental impact
          work environment
         Solution
 
    Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy
Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
10
 Feature Article 1  Contributing to Sustainability Example 1
Lower the Barriers to Robot Use and Accelerate the Automation of Human-Dependent Processes
Example 2
Achieving Low-Resource, High-Efficiency Processes
                Societal Issues & Needs
There is a serious manufacturing labor shortage largely due to rising income levels in emerging economies and aging populations in advanced economies. Production is increasingly being automated with robots, but space can be an issue, as can the difficulty of automating some processes, so most manufacturers still must rely on human intervention. Automation is also impeded by a scarcity of skilled installers.
    POINT 1
POINT 2
POINT 3
POINT 4
POINT
1 Respond to small-lot production
Robotic solutions
Provide compact robots that can work in the same space as humans without changing production lines
Provide force sensors that give robots human-like touch
Use image processing to enable numeric sensory testing
Digital printing solutions
Societal Issues & Needs
The world is transitioning from mass production and mass consumption to short-run production to respond to the diversification of customers’ needs and environmental issues.
 without printing plates
POINT
2 Involve fewer processes and
no ink mixing
POINT Reduce waste ink, and eliminate
  3 washing water as there are no plates POINT
           Enable easy teaching
Force sensor
Force sensor
4 Need less frequent contact with chemicals
             Value Proposition
Offer easy installation in existing production lines
A six-axis robot in the N series
Value Proposition
Adapt flexibly to demand fluctuations and achieve rapid turnarounds, reducing dead stock and disposal losses
Reduce waste ink and water used for washing printing plates
Reduce space for storing plates and work in process
Digital inkjet textile printers
Comparison of Analog and Digital Textile Printing Processes
            Analog textile printing
Image layout
 Printing plate making
Ink mixing
Digital textile printing
Pre-processing
   Automate processes that relied on human touch and sight
Ensure stable and continuous factory operation by automating production lines
Provide a safe and reassuring
Combine robots and force sensors to automate cable
Image layout
  Sample printing
  Sample printing
 Plate washing & storage
Mass printing
 Post-processing
     working environment
insertion tasks that used to rely on humans.
Offer a clean and safe printing environment
Mass production ink making
Mass printing
Plate washing & storage
     Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QUefX9EzWY
See a movie demonstration.
Disposal of unneeded ink
Post-processing
Complex work process Substantial waste
Fewer steps
Low environmental impact
              3 days to 2 weeks
1.5 to 2 months
       
11
Integrated Report 2020
      Feature Article 2
Response to the Coronavirus Pandemic
Basic Response Policy & Safeguards
Immediately after infections from a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) became news, the Epson Group invoked the Crisis Management Committee and formulated the basic response policy shown on the right. Since then, we have been gathering all available information and implementing measures to combat the spread of COVID-19.
In June 2020, the actions we had taken up to that point were reviewed at a committee meeting attended by members of executive management and areas where improvements were needed were identified. The committee resolved to continue to monitor the state of infections around the globe while putting preparations in place to respond immediately in the event of a worsening of the crisis.
We will continue to collect information from various sources and take action as needed in accordance with the basic response policy.
                                         The Epson Group’s top priority is to ensure the health and safety of our employees, customers, and other stakeholders and to try to slow the spread of infection in accordance with local and national government policies.
Epson advises employees to take steps to protect themselves and others, such as washing their hands, covering their cough, and performing health checks before coming to work. Employees are instructed to stay home if they have a fever or cold symptoms. Measures are in place in office buildings, meeting rooms, and employee cafeterias to enable people to maintain social distance. Seating has been rearranged, restrictions have been placed on meeting room capacity, and employees are encouraged to telecommute. In addition, business travel is restricted or prohibited, depending on the region and infections, so employees are using alternative means such as virtual meetings via video conferencing and teleconferencing.
To help ensure that the company can operate stably long-term in the face of COVID-19, Epson has installed and improved its network environment and conferencing software to allow more employees to work from home. In the future, more work-from-home and remote work options will be made available by putting in place additional IT infrastructure.
On the other hand, these actions were taken as part of our emergency response and we recognize that there are wrinkles that need to be ironed out. There are both advantages and disadvantages to working from home, and new and existing systems and rules need to be created and coordinated. Epson will explore potential new work arrangements, taking into account feedback from an employee survey.
 Basic response policy
            Group employee conduct
      Introducing new work arrangements
       
Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
12
  Feature Article 2  Response to the Coronavirus Pandemic
Production Site Operations and Community Engagement
Epson’s production and sales sites were largely hamstrung by COVID-19.
Most of Epson’s largest production sites are located in China, the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia. In China, production gradually recovered from late February as restrictions on movement were relaxed. Production in the other regions gradually returned to normal, but we need to continue to pay close attention to the situation. Business continuity management (BCM) issues became apparent as we struggled to restore normal production, but we have already rectified the situation for some products by utilizing external resources, for example. In addition, Epson is committed to supporting the social lives and businesses of its customers and has therefore prioritized the production of printer ink, which it is producing in or near the markets where it is consumed.
Epson manufacturing and sales sites around the world supported medical institutions and took other actions to help contain the effects of COVID-19 in their communities.
            ● China
● Philippines ● Indonesia ● Malaysia
Operations gradually restored from late Feb.
Gradually returned to normal
Actions under the BCM plan
Expand multi-site & decentralized production for strategic products and accelerate advances in manufacturing efficiency and automation.
    Production site operations
    Production is already assured for some products through the use of external resources
    Seiko Epson donated 5,600 face shields and 100,000 surgical masks to Nagano Prefecture for use at medical institutions treating COVID-19 patients.
We also donated 5,000 face shields to the Nagano Prefecture Board of Education for use at schools to help prevent infection by COVID-19.
Seiko Epson also manufactured employee masks from functional fibers by applying the Dry Fiber Technology that is used in the PaperLab A-8000 dry process office papermaking system. With the manufacture of these masks, the company was able to donate extra surgical masks that we were in stock as part of Epson’s business continuity plan (BCP).
 Corporate Citizenship
      Go to website for details
Link: Response to the Novel Coronavirus https://global.epson.com/SR/citizenship/ community.html
 Face shields Employee masks
      
 13
Message from the CEO
Integrated Report 2020
  Video
Responding Flexibly
to Changes and Achieving Sustainability
The COVID-19 pandemic has had devastating consequences around the world. I hope for the earliest possible relief from the hardship that the virus has brought. At the same time, I would also like to express my deep gratitude to all the health institutions and medical personnel around the globe who are working night and day to combat this crisis.
I assumed the post of president on April 1, 2020, in the midst of the global spread of COVID-19. The situation was urgent and immediate action was required, so I convened the Crisis Management Committee to ensure business continuity and enact measures to protect our employees from infection. We at Epson are confronting the stresses and hardships together with our customers, partners and stakeholders.
Yasunori Ogawa President and CEO Seiko Epson Corporation
 
     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
14
 Message from the CEO
Strengthening Our Ability to Respond to Change During the Pandemic
People and companies around the world have been impacted by COVID-19, and Epson is no exception. Despite the challenges, we are keeping our eyes on the future and remain absolutely committed to contributing to the realization of social sustainability.
We are anticipating all conceivable future scenarios and are responding to changes so that we can flexibly react to future uncertainties and ensure business resilience.
I see this situation as an opportunity to evolve and put into practice more efficient business processes and ways of working. The pandemic has forced us to become more creative in finding ways to reach customers remotely over the Web and by other digital means. We have found this to be an effective way to expand overseas, control our costs, and secure a profit. I want to put Epson in a position to respond to changes and generate stable profit while staying the basic course we have charted.
Moving Forward with a Sense of Urgency
Although the outlook remains uncertain, we will continue to focus on advancing the frontiers of industry and achieving sustainability in a circular economy. Over the past several years, we have been aggressively investing in plant and equipment to realize future growth. And, in March 2020, construction was completed on a new facility at the Hirooka Office in Nagano Prefecture. The facility, which is designed to bolster our R&D capabilities and production capacity in the inkjet digital textile printing and printhead sales businesses, perfectly reflects our desire to advance the frontiers of industry.
Action to achieve the global SDGs and Epson’s vision has accelerated due to COVID-19, and we must act with a sense of urgency to keep pace.
During the first three-year phase of Epson 25, we relied on the strength of vertical integration, a business model that allowed us to capitalize on our core technologies in our own products. Under Phase 2 of the plan, however, we will accelerate growth by taking maximum advantage of assets and by inviting collaboration and open innovation. One of the steps we have taken was to establish, in April 2020, the corporate venture capital company Epson X Investment Corporation, but we also understand that challenges lie ahead. However, to rapidly advance toward solutions to societal issues, we must collaborate. We will therefore take on these challenges with the help of others who share our aspirations.
   
 15
Message from the CEO
Answering New Demand with Services
The fact is that COVID-19 has brought markets to a virtual standstill, so it is going to take some time to realize the vision described in our current mid-range business plan. However, I am confident that the world we envisioned will come. For this reason, we want to further accelerate the execution of the strategies we have devised, and provide products and services that will lead to future growth.
We will particularly need to dig deeper on service. In the past, volume printing and factory production were often performed in a central location, but I think printing and production will be more distributed and decentralized in the future̶and COVID-19 is likely to accelerate this trend. If printers and factory equipment are distributed over a wide area, there will be a demand for enhanced services that allow people to centrally monitor and control them from a remote location. Providing such services for new ways of doing things will be crucial.
We will also develop services based on the value that our customers really need. In the case of a printer, what customers need is not the machine but the printing. With that in mind, subscriptions, for example, are a good way to go. We can provide an environment that allows customers to print without hesitation according to their printing needs.
Our outside directors come from diverse backgrounds and offer different perspectives, and we value their objective opinions. They have recommended breaking away from a technology orientation and meeting the demands of the world.
Epson’s value creation story describes a path that starts with societal issues and leads to our goals. I want to instill this mindset among employees and direct even more effort into services as well as products.
Integrated Report 2020
 Risks and Opportunities Presented by COVID-19
1 Expansion and normalization of telework and online education
  Printers
Projectors
Microdevices
Decrease in print demand in offices and schools
Risk
Decreased demand for big displays with fewer face-to-face meetings and less classroom learning
-
Opportunity
Increased home and satellite office print demand (high-capacity ink, less frequent replacement of consumables, and lower printing costs)
Increased demand for interactive projectors for distance learning and videos for online distribution
Increased demand for timing devices due to the development of high-speed, high-capacity telecom infrastructure such as 5G
    2 Local production for local consumption & distributed printing
3 Sudden expansion of factory automation and manufacturing efficiency
  Risk
Opportunity
Digitization advances and demand increases in signage, textile, and label printing on the strength of small lot printing
  Commercial and industrial printers
Less demand for digital printing in short-run jobs, as fewer smaller companies survive and output becomes concentrated on large companies.
   Risk
Opportunity
  Robotics
Increased competition and shortage of key parts as the market expands
Increased robot demand
 
      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data Message from the CEO
16
 A Sustainable World Created by Employees Who Challenge and Grow
In April 2020, with no visibility into when the COVID-19 pandemic would end, I sent a message to employees and shared my ideas for moving forward long-term. In a crisis, people tend to become overwhelmed with the effort of putting out the latest fires and often end up losing sight of the long-term objectives.
I want employees to motivate and inspire themselves by broadening their horizons and getting back to our original purpose: helping society to develop and prosper. Clues to solving problems are often found in the field. Epson’s management team, and that includes me, listen to the people in operations and encourage them to actively share their ideas and opinions, because we want to encourage employees to take on challenges and experience growth.
Epson is based in the rich natural environs of Nagano Prefecture, and Epson employees share a strong desire to preserve the environment. This desire is enshrined in Epson’s Management Philosophy with the words“commitment to sustainability.”To make this philosophy and our strategies and initiatives more systematic and consistent, we will continue to create value in line with the value creation story as we discuss the best path to reach our goals.
We will question and break from traditional wisdom and practices, creating new ones in their place. And we will unite our 70,000 global employees by embracing a common goal as we continue to convey both the harsh realities and the hope for tomorrow.
Trying New Ideas and Methods to Realize a Better World for Future Generations
 1 Envision a world (vision) that we want to realize 2 Understand our current technological strengths
 and weaknesses
3 Deeply and broadly consider from a customer,   technology, and business perspective the path
 to attain our vision
1
  Grasp of the
Technology
Technological feasibility
Innovation
current situation
Understand the strengths and weaknesses of our technology
What kind of future world do we want to create?
  2
    Customers
Utility Necessity
Business
Business feasibility Profitability
3The path towards the world we desire

 17
Epson 25 Corporate Vision
In March 2016, Epson established the Epson 25 Corporate Vision,
a strategic plan that will guide company growth out to the year 2025.
Vision Statement
Creating a new connected age of people, things and information with efficient, compact and precision technologies
Advances in information and communications technology mean increasing amounts of information will become available on the internet, and so-called cyber space will continue to expand. Epson believes that products acting as the interface between cyber space and the actual or real world where customers operate will be of critical importance. As a company that specializes in generating value in the real world, Epson’s vision is to create a new connected age of people, things and information by leveraging its efficient, compact and precision technologies to drive innovation in four areas.
Integrated Report 2020
          
     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
18
 Epson 25 Corporate Vision
Epson’s four areas of innovation
Epson will generate value with its efficient, compact and precision technologies in printing, visual communications, wearables, robotics and microdevices to drive innovations in four areas. We will also strengthen our business infrastructure to support these efforts.
             Printing domain
Refine Micro Piezo technology, and expand into high-productivity segments. Improve environmental performance and create a sustainable printing ecosystem.
Robotics domain
Combine our core technologies with sensing and smart technologies in manufacturing, expand applications, and create a future in which robots support people in a wide variety of situations.
Visual communications domain
Refine original microdisplay and projection technologies, and create outstanding visual experiences and a natural visual communications environment for every aspect of business and lifestyles.
Wearables domain
Leverage our watchmaking heritage, refine leading technology, and offer a sense of status and fashion.
          Microdevices
Microdevices domain: Supporting the Four Areas of Innovation
Contribute to Epson's finished products and to the development of smart communications, power, transportation and manufacturing systems with advanced Epson quartz timing and sensing solutions and low-power semiconductor solutions.
   
 19
The Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan
In March 2019, Epson announced the Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan (FY2019-21), the second of three three-year plans for achieving our 2025 corporate goals, as described in the Epson 25 Corporate Vision.
COVID-19 impact: Epson’s strategic direction remains unchanged. (This includes Epson 25 Corporate Vision as well as Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan). However, in view of the COVID-19 impact, we are recalibrating our approach in each area of innovation and accelerating initiatives therein.
Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan (FY2019-21)
Continue to commit to the goals of Epson 25, and transform
business operations to achieve high profitability by managing priorities in response to social issues and environmental change.
Integrated Report 2020
     Basic Policies
1 Accelerate growth by taking maximum advantage of assets and through collaboration and open innovation
   1 Strengthen the solution selling business
2 Rapidly strengthen product lineups, including through collaboration
3 Strengthen external sales of core devices and open innovation
4 Invest management resources in robotics to accelerate its growth into a core business
2 Strengthen global operations under Head Office control
  1 Select and focus on priority business areas and regions
2 Improve the organization and allocate personnel to strengthen B2B solution selling
3 Strengthen company-wide integrated IT infrastructure
3 Invest management resources in a disciplined manner based on the economy and strategy effectiveness
  1 Rebuild product portfolios based on priorities
2 Strengthen financial discipline

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
20
 The Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan
Initiatives in Each Area of Innovation
Inkjet innovation
Home, SOHO & shared office printers*1
● Transition away from a business model that is reliant on consumables and accelerate the displacement of laser printers and ink cartridge printers with large-capacity inkjet models such as high-capacity ink tank printers and high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers.
*1 A category defined by Epson, shared office printers are models for high print volume offices.
Visual innovation
Commercial & industrial
New printing services
● Capture needs spawned by rapid and ubiquitous digitization, and embrace collaboration and open innovation to create new printing services.
Wearables innovation
       ● Rapidly expand the lineup of high productivity products through platforming and collaboration with partners.
● Expand the business by responding to a diverse range of needs with printhead external sales and open innovation.
       Projectors
● Increase projector value by advancing laser light source engine platforms so as to efficiently expand the high-brightness projector lineup.
● Pioneer new markets by creating demand for accent lighting projectors and commercializing miniature projectors.
● Continue to focus resources on the high value added analog watch segment where we capitalize on our unique technologies.
Robotics innovation
   Smart glasses
● Expand and enhance models that connect to PCs, smartphones, and other USB-C devices. And accelerate open innovation and expand applications by selling optical engine modules to external parties.
● Accelerate the growth of robotics into a future core business by further strengthening product competitiveness and our ability to propose solutions through active collaboration based on Epson's technology.
● Improve usability by employing AI, and enter the collaborative robot market.
  
 21
The Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan
Management Initiatives
Strengthening B2B sales capabilities
Integrated Report 2020
   ● Strengthen Head Office control to bolster the execution of global sales strategies and management functions. Develop products tailored to the needs of each region, set priorities, and control sales and marketing expenses.
Financial Targets
We revised our Phase 2 financial targets in response to our Phase 1 results and environmental changes. In Phase 2, we will leverage the infrastructure put in place during Phase 1 to effectively respond to change, accelerate execution, and focus on core competencies. Transforming our business operations in this way will put us in a position to achieve the 2025 Epson 25 targets.
● Reinforce functions in Japan and Europe to lead the move to B2B, share their sales and marketing knowledge globally, and switch to a solutions selling approach. Bolster human resources and sales sites in conjunction with this.
Consolidated total ¥1,043.6 bil.
■ Printing solutions segment
■ Visual communications segment
■ Wearable & industrial products segment
¥1,700.0 bil.
Consolidated total ROS
(Bil. of yen) 200
150
100
¥200.0 bil. 12.0%
(%) 15
10 5
    Revenue
¥1,200.0 bil.
Business profit
¥40.8 bil.
   3.9%
¥96.0 bil.
8.0%
   Invest management resources in a disciplined manner according to the economic environment and strategy effectiveness
(Bil. of yen) 1,500
1,000 500
Forex rates
(USD/EUR/other currencies*2)
   ● Provide mechanisms for swiftly and accurately assessing changes and prioritize and optimize product portfolios from a Group-wide perspective by making business operations more visible and by strengthening Head Office leadership.
152.9 183.3
195.0 225.0
● Renovate business processes and strengthen company-wide integrated IT infrastructure to make business processes more disciplined and dynamic.
3.9
FY2019 results
● Continue to invest as needed in future growth while also prioritizing and controlling investment and spending based on strategy effectiveness.
50
0 040.80
708.6
  FY2019 results
FY2025 targets
¥115/¥125 /100
FY2025 targets
¥115/¥125 /100
FY2021 targets
1,700.0
8.0
12.0 200.0
   780.0
96.0
FY2021 targets
        ¥109/¥121 /94
¥110/¥125 /92
Forex rates
(USD/EUR/other currencies*2)
¥109/¥121 /94
¥110/¥125 /92
  Working toward sustainability
● Viewing the heightened demand for corporate sustainability as a business opportunity, contribute to the realization of a sustainable society by accelerating innovation based on inkjet technology, which offers advantages in areas such as printing performance, environmental performance, and ink variety.
*2 Index showing weighted average variance of rates for currencies other than USD and EUR against a benchmark of 100 in 2025

      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy The Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan
Cash Flow & Capital Expenditure Plans
Restore our ability to generate cash by growing profit and increasing operations efficiency. Prioritize and allocate generated cash to growth areas, but still provide shareholder returns while maintaining a healthy financial structure.
Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
Shareholder Returns
22
   Epson’s policy is to provide fair shareholder returns while maintaining a robust financial structure that is capable of withstanding changes in the business environment. In line with this policy, we are again targeting a consolidated dividend payout ratio of about 40% during Phase 2.
We will repurchase shares if necessary, depending on the share price, the capital situation, and other factors.
 Item
 Phase 1 plan
 Phase 2 plan
 Operating CF
 3-year total: ¥258.1 billion
 3-year total: approx. ¥370 billion
 FCF
 3-year total: ¥24.9 billion
 3-year total: approx. ¥170 billion
 R&D spending
 3-year total: ¥161.3 billion
Aggressively invest in new products, components & technology needed to achieve Epson 25
  Capex (excluding leases)
 3-year total: ¥236.8 billion
 3-year total: approx. ¥200 billion (Invest in production & new products)
 Item
 Phase 1 plan (result)
 Phase 2 plan
 Dividends: consolidated dividend payout ratio*3
 FY2018:44%
 approx. 40%
 Share repurchase
 FY2016:¥10 billion
 FY2019:¥10 billion
        ROE
Steadily grow revenue and profit during Phase 2 to secure stable operating cash flow and prioritize investment in growth to achieve Epson 25, while also maintaining a robust financial structure and secure capital efficiency to sustain an ROE 10% or more.
*3 Calculated based on profit after an amount equivalent to the statutory effective tax rate is deducted from business profit, which shows profit from operations.
Balance with revenue growth & control expenses company-wide (focus spending on growth areas) Select investments based on hurdle rates and exercise discipline and control over capital spending company-wide
  FY2019 1.5% (result)
FY2021
Sustain at ≥ 10% (target)
FY2025 15% (target)
  Maintain a robust financial structure that can withstand sudden environmental changes and intense competition. Optimize capital efficiency (proactive profit sharing & swift stock repurchase according to the situation)

 23
Message from the CFO
Using Adversity to Catapult Corporate Value Higher
Tatsuaki Seki
Director, Managing Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Focusing Management Resources on Priorities
We are investing management resources in a disciplined manner based on the economy and strategy effectiveness. Specifically, we divided businesses and products into priority areas and areas for streamlining. We continued to invest in priority areas while limiting spending in the areas destined for streamlining. This enabled us to create a leaner cost structure and secure a profit.
Integrated Report 2020
  Free cash flow, which turned negative in FY2018, was positive ¥26.1 billion in FY2019, as our operations divisions, manufacturing companies, and sales companies joined forces to control inventory and investment throughout the year.
Free Cash Flow
113.0
-51.5
FY2015 results
■
Free cash flow
(Billions of yen)
■
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
102.3
 96.8
-75.7
FY2016 results
84.2
-74.6
FY2017 results
76.9
-82.7
FY2018 results
  61.4
   21.1
 9.6
26.1
   -5.7
-76.1
FY2019 results
 FY2020 got off to a rough start due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but this adversity also presents us with opportunity. We are determined to adapt and accelerate the strategies set forth in Epson 25 so that we can swiftly respond to rapid environmental changes and more quickly solve societal issues in a post-COVID world. To that end, we will optimize our business portfolio based on the value creation story and allocate management resources with a sharper focus without increasing our overall costs. At the same time, we will also reengineer our business processes and drive work-flow innovations to put us in a position to steadily generate profit.
Driving the Global Business Infrastructure Innovation Project (GX Project)
The Epson Group’s customer information and business systems have not been centralized or standardized, making data aggregation and processing time-consuming. To rectify this, we launched a Global Business Infrastructure Innovation Project in FY2019. This project is part of our Phase 2 efforts to strengthen global operations under Head Office control. By building Group-standard IT systems, we aim to speed up management decision-making, increase operational efficiency, improve governance, and expand B2B revenue.
In FY2019, we completed the conceptual planning phase for creating a global integrated database. We will continue to standardize our global business processes, improve real-time data collection, and build systems to transform our business processes and business models.
   containment
Cost Streamlined areas
investment Priority areas Strategic
● Development & design of conventional inkjet printers (e.g., ink cartridge models)
● High-capacity ink tank printers
● Shared office inkjet printers
● Commercial & industrial inkjet printers
● Development & design of projectors (other than high-brightness models)
(signage, textile, label)
● Printhead external sales business
● High-brightness projectors
● PaperLab
● Robots
● Crystal devices (telecom & automotive)
● Watches

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
24
 Message from the CFO
Epson Secures a Committed Line of Credit Provided Via Mizuho Eco Finance (May 2020)
One of the actions we have taken to shore up our financial position in the event of an emergency was to conclude a committed line of credit agreement with our primary bank, qualifying thanks to a high score in evaluations of our long-term climate change initiatives.
In October 2019, Seiko Epson announced its support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We have been working to achieve sustainability and contribute to solutions to societal issues such as climate change. In line with this we are looking to
These actions scored high based on a system that utilizes an environmental assessment model developed by Mizuho Information & Research Institute, Inc.
Epson is focusing on the societal issues of climate change, resource depletion, and rising expectations for the achievement of sustainability. Going forward, we will continue to make stakeholders aware of our efforts to resolve these issues and use our strong financial position to accelerate innovation.
Issuance of Green Bonds (July 2020)
Seiko Epson seeks to achieve social sustainability by practicing the values that are embedded in our DNA and summed up by the phrases“integrity and effort”and“creativity and challenge.”We issued our first green bonds to further advance sustainability projects.
To create a sustainable society where people feel more enriched and happy, we must leverage our efficient, compact, and precision technologies to drive innovation in our inkjet and other businesses. Since we particularly want to strengthen efforts on the environmental front, we decided to raise funds needed for greener production facilities and products that offer greater environmental performance. A total of 75 firms have declared their intent to invest. This set a new record (as of July 2020) for the SDG bond market of an ordinary company. We consider this to be the result of an appreciation of the outstanding environmental performance of our inkjet technology, and we will continue to innovate in inkjets and our other business areas.
Go to
website for https://global.epson.com/SR/greenbond/
Ongoing Actions to Increase Corporate Value
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Every year, Seiko Epson analyzes and evaluates the effectiveness of its Board of Directors. In FY2019, the Board of Directors delved deeply into and discussed issues that came up in talks with shareholders and institutional investors.
As a result, we are acting to improve effectiveness by addressing issues in two areas so as to
Annulment of Anti-Takeover Measures
Seiko Epson annulled takeover defense measures at the conclusion of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2020. For some time, institutional investors and shareholders in Japan and abroad had shared their views regarding takeover defense measures and, given recent trends in this area, it was time for us to reach a carefully considered decision. Following repeated discussions by management over a period of more than half a year, Seiko Epson decided to discontinue takeover defense measures after concluding that devoting ourselves to increasing long-term corporate value would lead to sustained corporate growth and shareholder profit. Even after the measures were annulled, the Board of Directors and other corporate management bodies have repeatedly reviewed and discussed specific actions to increase corporate value. They also revisited the topic of synergies among businesses and shaped business strategy accordingly. In this difficult business environment, it is especially important to concentrate management resources on growth areas where the company’s competitive advantage can be demonstrated. Since this assumes that the company’s strengths are accurately understood, we confirmed the current situation and expected future strengths and synergies.
Seiko Epson has businesses in multiple fields and we believe it is important for both management and employees to understand the strengths of the company, the strengths of the business to which they belong, and the synergies with other businesses. Going forward, the entire company will work as one to increase corporate value by promoting understanding.
   ● penetrate markets with more products that offer even better environmental performance; and
● improve energy efficiency and the effective use of resources by adopting eco-conscious research and production facilities.
  details
(1) further improve the organization and disclosure of business strategy risks and opportunities; and
(2) further improve the organization and disclosure of the thinking with regard to business portfolio management.
  
 25
Responding to TCFD Recommendations
Integrated Report 2020
    Climate change is greatly impacting society and Epson sees it as a serious social problem. The goal of the Paris Agreement is to achieve decarbonization and keep the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2°C.
Epson has set science-based targets (SBT) for reducing greenhouse gas emissions to help achieve this. We are taking action against climate change to reach these targets in line with the policies articulated in the value creation story, Environmental Vision 2050, and the Epson 25 Corporate Vision.
Scenario Analysis Findings
We conducted a scenario analysis based on the TCFD framework to assess the financial impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on Epson’s strategy. We found that in a 2°C scenario in which rapid progress on decarbonization is achieved, there is transition risk of higher operating costs than in a 4°C scenario due to the imposition of policies and legal regulations. However, Epson’s strength lies in products and services that have a lower environmental impact (e.g., consume less power and produce less waste). We confirmed that these products and services match the materialities that Epson has identified to advance the frontiers of industry and achieve sustainability in a circular economy, providing opportunities for business expansion. This expansion will help customers reduce their environmental impacts and contribute to the containment of climate change.
Based on the results of these assessments, Epson will continue to try to maximize its opportunities while addressing recognized risks so as to achieve the decarbonization of the Paris Agreement, which we believe is a rational goal both for society and for Epson.
On the other hand, even in a 4°C scenario in which global warming has advanced because the world failed to take measures beyond what are currently being taken, we found that the impact of physical risks on our domestic and overseas sites due to weather extremes would be small.
Epson indicated its support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in October 2019. Epson has enhanced its disclosures (on governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets) based on the TCFD framework so as to enable good communication with shareholders, investors, and a broad spectrum of other stakeholders.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
26
 Responding to TCFD Recommendations
Governance
Important matters related to climate change are supervised by the board of directors, which receives reports at least once a year from Epson’s Corporate Strategy Council, a deliberation and advisory body for important management issues, including climate change, that affect the Epson Group.
In addition, Seiko Epson’s president and representative director, the individual who has the highest responsibility and authority for climate-related issues, delegates responsibility
Strategy
Epson has determined that advancing the frontiers of industry and achieving sustainability in a circular economy are material matters in its value creation story. To achieve these, we will further reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by leveraging our efficient, compact, and precision technologies to drive innovation.
Scenario Analysis of Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
Epson identified and evaluated scenarios in the categories of transition risk, physical risk, and opportunity to evaluate the importance of climate-related risks and opportunities. Nine risks and opportunities were singled out for evaluation. We evaluated the business impact and financial impact of each on the basis of the scenarios corresponding to temperature rises of 4°C and 2°C presented by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and the International Energy Agency (IEA), respectively, as well as on the basis of internal and external information.
Evaluation
of the importance of climate-related risks
Scenario identification & evaluation
Evaluation
of business impact & examination
of countermeasures
  for climate-related issues to the general administrative manager of the Sustainability Promotion Office (an executive officer and board member), and the director of the Sustainability Promotion Office manages climate change initiatives, including TCFD.
Executive Organization for Climate-Related Issues
Supervise Report
[Deliberative/Advisory Bodies] Propose
Submit
Execution of important business
    SEC President
Corporate Strategy Council
   Board of Directors
 Internal information
        General Administrative Manager of Sustainability Promotion Office (Director, Exective Officer)
Executive Organizations (Divisions, operations divisions, affiliated companies, Sustainability Promotion Office)
Scenario
Causes Event Effects
Financial information
Climate change scenario
  ・Revenue ・Expenses, etc.
・IPCC ・IEA
   Main Climate Change Initiatives
SBTs
Hazard information
  ・Scopes 1 & 2 ・Scope 3 ・Environmental
contributions
FY2018
 ・Revised Environmental Vision 2050 in conjunction with changes in social issues
・Accelerated the use of renewable energy worldwide
 FY2019
 ・Declared support for TCFD recommendations
・Studied risks of natural disasters caused by climate change
 FY2020
 ・Qualitatively disclosed the details of initiatives based on the disclosure recommendations of the TCFD framework
 FY2021
 ・Plan to quantitatively disclose the details of initiatives based on the disclosure recommendations of the TCFD framework
  Business impact by impact category (2°C or 4°C)
External information
 ・National & local government hazard maps
・International regional hazard information
 External information
  ・Market trends ・Consumer trends
  Financial impact (2°C or 4°C)
  
 27
Responding to TCFD Recommendations
Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities in a 2°C Scenario
The results of evaluating climate-related risks and opportunities based on scenario analysis are as follows.
Integrated Report 2020
 Financial impact
    Transition risks
Physical risks
Opportunities
Category
Market
Policy and legal
Acute
Chronic
Evaluated risks & opportunities
Paper demand
Crude oil prices
Zero carbon
Damage to business sites due to floods, etc.
Damage to business sites due to rising sea levels
Actualization
Mid-term
Mid-term
Mid-term
Long-term
Business impacts
● Higher transportation costs due to rising crude oil prices
Business impacts
 ● Although demand for printed information will decrease, risks will be limited because overall demand for paper will increase due to an increase in packaging applications. (The rate of increase will lower than in the 4°C scenario.) Concrete business impacts will be evaluated in FY2020.
● Reduce GHG emissions based on SBT measures ● Higher operating costs due to application of ● Consider introducing CCUS (carbon capture, utilization,
Dealing with risks
● Short-term climate change risks to the supply chain will be addressed in line with our business continuity plans.
● Paper recycling costs will increase due to rising waste paper prices and higher costs for collecting and processing confidential documents.
-
  Business impacts
● Higher costs for procuring plastic raw materials
Dealing with risks
● Miniaturize products, increase their service life, and expand resource recycling
● Expand the printing subscription business ● Transition to solution businesses
Moderate
 Plastic raw materials
  Business impacts
a carbon tax and rising crude oil prices and storage) technology and BECCUS (bio-energy carbon capture utilization and storage) technology
Moderate
 Business impacts
● We evaluated 36 sites (17 domestic and 19 overseas) and concluded that future changes in Epson’s operational risk due to floods (overflowing rivers) and tidal waves will be limited.
Small
  Products and services
Achieve sustainability in a circular economy
Development of a paper cycle
Mid-term
Assumed scenarios
● The paper recycling practices will further advance due to higher environmental awareness, higher confidentiality management awareness, a shift to distributed processing systems, and the evolution of recycling technology.
● Demand for low power consumption will increase due to the introduction of a carbon tax and soaring electricity prices.
Business opportunities
● Paper recycling costs will increase and the spread of paper recycling habits will increase sales opportunities for the PaperLab office papermaking systems.
● Expand the paper cycle to industrial fields and create a new business model.
Moderate
  Advance the frontiers of industry
Advances of inkjet in existing fields
Advances of
inkjet in new application fields
Short-term
Mid-term
Assumed scenarios
● Higher waste disposal costs will increase the need for products that produce less waste from consumables.
● The need for environmentally friendly products and services will increase due to the introduction of a carbon tax, soaring electricity prices, rising waste disposal costs, sustainable production amounts, and reduced resource use.
Business opportunities
● Sales opportunities will increase due to the cost advantages of inkjet systems, which consume less power and produce less waste.
Large
  Assumed scenarios
Business opportunities
● There will be more opportunities to expand inkjet application fields due to cost advantages in all industrial fields.
-
            Actualization Short-term: ≤ 10 years Med-term: 10-50 years Long-term: > 50 years Financial Impact Small: ≤ 1 billion yen Moderate: 1-10 billion yen Large: >10 billion yen -: To be evaluated in future

      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data Responding to TCFD Recommendations
28
  Risk Management
As the environment in which we operate grows more complex and uncertain, effectively dealing with risks that could have a significant impact on corporate activities will be essential in order to carry out business strategies and business objectives. Epson sees climate-related issues as risks that could significantly impact management and manages them appropriately.
Metrics and Targets
We are actively working to reduce environmental impacts throughout the value chain by leveraging our efficient, compact, and precision technologies to improve the environmental performance of our products, utilizing renewable energy, and enhancing our business activities in order to achieve Environmental Vision 2050 and the medium- and long-term greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scopes 1 & 2)*1 *1 See note here
Climate-Related Risk Identification, Assessment and Management Process
    1. Study
2. Identify & assess
3. Manage
・Study risks of natural disasters caused by climate change at major sites worldwide.
・Research social trends.
・Identify risks and opportunities from the policies and action of Environmental Vision 2050 and value creation story (Epson 25).
・Evaluate scenario analysis through the Corporate Strategy Council and board of directors.
・In FY2020, effectively manage risks through director and executive officers discussions, the Corporate Strategy Council, and the board of directors.
   GHG Reduction Targets Validated by the SBTi
 Scopes 1 & 2
Reduce GHG emissions by 19% compared to FY2017 by FY2025.
Scope 3
Reduce GHG emissions as a percentage of business profit by 44% in categories 1 &11 compared to FY2017 by FY2025.
Category 1: Purchased goods & services
Category 11: Use of sold products
   Greenhouse Gas Emission (Scope 3: Categories 1 & 11)
Renewable Energy Usage Rate
Scope 1: Direct emissions from the use of fuel, etc., by the reporting company
Scope 2: Indirect emissions from purchased energy Scope 3: Emissions from the reporting company’s value chain
 (thousand t-CO2e)
(thousand t-CO2e/100 mil. yen)
(thousand t-CO2e)
(thousand t-CO2e/100 mil. yen)
(%)
600 400 200
0
592
Per unit of business profit 3.00 4,000
Per unit of business 6.00 15
    502
2018
486
profit
5.78 5.00
2,361 4.00 10
Category 1 3.00
2.00 5
11.6 11.6
Ratio of renewable energy
    1.19
Scope 2 2.00 3,000 (overseas) 2,000
Scope 2 (Japan) 1.00
Scope 1 (overseas) 1,000
2,544 3.40
2,554 3.62
2018
    0.79
  2017
2017
2019 (FY)
2018 2019 (FY) * Percentage of energy from renewable source
0.71
   Scope 1 (Japan) 0 0 2019 (FY)
Category 11 1.00
0.8 2017
0
0
   (Base year)
(Base year)

  29
Message from the CTO
We will continue to exercise ingenuity to create technology that has value in order to achieve a sustainable world.
Kazuhiro Ichikawa
Executive Officer
Chief Technology Officer (CTO) General Administrative Manager, Technology Development Division
Epson’s Manufacturing Infrastructure
Technological Breakthrough + Integrity and Effort = Innovative Products
Integrated Report 2020
 Identifying Genuine Customer Value
      Epson came up with the idea that instead of reducing paper use, you can reduce water use so that people can use paper without guilt or hesitation.
Get to the heart of societal and technology issues, and perfect a dry process for recycling paper.
 Epson has produced numerous groundbreaking products since the company was founded in 1942. The first quartz watch revolutionized the world of horology. Our high-resolution color inkjet printers enabled the average household to print its own photos. Our 3LCD projectors changed business presentations.
Epson has continued to grow by pursuing the perfection of its own technology, but as we advanced the strategies under Epson 25, we were again made aware of the importance of asking ourselves whether a given technology is actually useful for the world. The reason is that we ended up having to discontinue some technology development projects because we realized that there just wasn’t a market for the technology. We recognize that this was a result of having focused solely on perfecting technologies rather than focusing more on customer needs. Therefore, we took a different approach in the development of the PaperLab, the world’s first*1 dry-process office papermaking system, released in 2016. Paper is an essential medium for communication, but paper recycling is environmentally problematic because it requires a tremendous amount of water.
When you innovate, you need to overcome myriad obstacles. Teamwork and a challenge-accepting corporate culture are crucial for knocking them down. The close cooperation between the Technology Development Division, which provides the basic technologies necessary for product development, and the operations divisions, which design products that reach our customers, is the driving force that enables us to overcome these obstacles. Our employees are willing to take on challenges, pursue questions until they can be satisfied that they have gained true insight, and pursue perfection toward achieving objectives. Working with quiet dedication to innovate is in Epson’s DNA.
To resolve this conflict, Epson created Dry Fiber Technology, a new water-free solution to the societal issue of maintaining sustainability while continuing to use paper.
This is an example that embodies the idea of creating genuine customer value through an approach that starts with societal issues that need a solution.
Dry Fiber Technology concept
Progress on the Epson 25 Corporate Vision
Developing Technology to Address Societal Issues and Create Genuine Customer Value
    *1 Per Epson research conducted in November 2016.
Paper is essential for communication
There is a fixed notion that paper recycling requires
a huge volume of water and has a heavy environmental impact

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
30
 Message from the CTO
Technology Strategy Policy Going Forward
Creating Products that Realize Our Vision of the World
Establishing new technologies requires trial and error and the sharing of ideas. This can take a long time. Technology that does not meet the needs of the world cannot create new value. When we set out to develop new technology, we consider underlying societal issues that inhibit sustainability and envision the world we want to see (our goal). We must first understand the strengths and weaknesses of a technology and then envision the path that leads to the goal from a customer, technology, and business feasibility perspective.
Open Innovation that Will Accelerate Value Creation
Creating More Value with Partnerships
  As society is transformed by the effects of COVID-19 and climate change, the Technology Development Division will take a bird’s-eye view of Epson’s technology and reassess our strengths and weaknesses. Based on this, we will pinpoint products and technologies that truly contribute to solving societal issues and develop technologies that will realize our future business strategies.
Up until now, Epson has independently developed its own technology under the assumption that, as a vertically integrated company, we would control everything from the planning and design of our products to their manufacture and sale. But, for Epson to quickly solve societal problems, we will embrace open innovation opportunities, collaborating with other companies and research organizations to accelerate the creation of new value. We will meet our customers’ fundamental needs by offering comprehensive solutions that include both hardware and software.
1 Envision a world (vision) that we want to realize 2 Understand our current technological strengths
1
 and weaknesses
3 Deeply and broadly consider from a customer,   technology, and business perspective the path
What kind of future world do we want to create?
Technology
Technological feasibility
A lot has changed recently. Inkjet technology is driving the digitization of commercial and industrial printing, and advances in IT have given us the potential to increase customer touch points. Environmental regulations have become stricter, and companies are expected to play a bigger role in achieving a sustainable society by improving the environmental performance of their products and reducing waste materials and greenhouse gas emissions from their production processes.
 Strategic Approach
To achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the goals of Epson’s Environmental Vision 2050, we must develop technologies that are more innovative than ever. We will continue to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society by driving further advances in Epson’s efficient, compact, and precision technologies and creating solutions that solve societal issues.
   to attain our vision
       2
  Grasp of the
 current situation
   Understand the strengths and weaknesses of our technology
Innovation
Maximize Customer Value and Expand Markets
Accelerate value creation through collaboration and open innovation
   Customers
Utility Necessity
Business
Business feasibility Profitability
       3The path towards the world we desire

 31
Business Segment Overview
Printing Solutions Business Segment
Revenue
Integrated Report 2020
    Main Products
 ¥
Home & SOHO products
Commercial & industrial products
708.6
billion (down 2.1% year on year)
Segment profit
      75.6
For photos & graphics
Large-format inkjet printers
billion
(down 20.0% year on year)
¥
 Home printers
High-capacity ink tank printers
   Segment revenue as a % of total revenue
        67.8% (Billions of yen)
Office & business products
Scanners
Serial-impact dot-matrix printers
For signage
Large-format inkjet printers
For labels
          (Billions of yen) 1,000
750 500 250
160 120 80 40
Receipt printers
High-speed linehead inkjet MFPs
Printheads
Inkjet head
Revenue
 723.6
708.6
94.5
75.6
Inkjet digital label presses
For textiles
Digital inkjet textile printers
   00
2018 2019 (FY) 2018 2019 (FY)
Segment profit
        Inkjet MFPs
Dry process office papermaking system

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
32
 Business Segment Overview
Visual Communications Business Segment
Wearable & Industrial Products Business Segment
    Revenue
Segment profit
¥ billion 13.5
Revenue
Segment profit
¥
(down 36.1% year on year) (Billions of yen)
¥
¥
183.3
160 17.5% 80
Home products
152.9
1.8
billion (down 9.8% year on year)
billion (down 6.4% year on year)
billion
(down 66.6% year on year)
      Segment revenue as a % of total revenue
(Billions of yen) 240
32 24 16
8
(Billions of yen) 200
(Billions of yen) 12
Revenue
Segment profit
Segment revenue as a % of total revenue
Segment profit
   203.3
183.3
150 100
163.4
152.9
9
     2018 2019 (FY) Main Products
Smart glasses
Business & education product lineup
Commercial & enterprise product lineup
Smart glasses
2018
13.5
2019
(FY)
2018 2019
Main Products
Watches
(FY) 2018
21.2
14.6%
6 50 3 00 00
5.5
1.8
2019 (FY)
                        Personal models
Light Charge GPS satellite radio-controlled & Swing Generator watches
Industrial robots
Mechanical watches Movements Microdevices, other
Seiko business
              SCARA robots Small articulated
Force sensing systems
robots
Crystal devices
Superfine alloy powders
Inertial measurement units(IMU)
Semiconductors
            Professional models
Revenue
  
  33
Integrated Report 2020
       Inkjet Innovation
Inkjet Innovation
      Vision
Refine Micro Piezo technology, and expand into high-productivity segments. Improve environmental performance and create a sustainable printing ecosystem.
  Koichi Kubota
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer,
Printing Solutions Operations Division
Value Creation
Reduce costs, time, and trouble in printing, and create new possibilities for digital printing.
Mitigate environmental impacts and risks caused by the use of resources, electricity, and chemicals in traditional printing.
Contribute to higher customer productivity with high-speed, high-quality prints on a range of media of various sizes.
(%) 100
0
North America
South Western ETD*1 America Europe
Color laser Monochrome laser Inkjet
Asia Japan Pacific
Home & Office Printer Market Size
approx.¥17trillion
          * 2017, per Epson research based on data from IDC and Photizo (including ink) * Width: market size (monetary value based)
*1 Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Africa
  FY2019 Review
Unit shipments of high-capacity ink tank printers increased year-on-year in both emerging and developed countries.
Shared office inkjet printer sales grew owing primarily to the capture of a major contract in Europe and the roll-out of an academic plan in Japan.
Inkjet printers did not replace laser printers at the rate anticipated.
Sales decreased due to the pandemic.
FY2020 Actions
Analyze and accelerate the execution of strategies and actions based on risks and opportunities during and after the pandemic.
Continue to strengthen the lineup of high-capacity ink tank printers and shared office printers.
Accelerate laser printer replacement by publicizing inkjet low TCO and Heat-Free Technology and by introducing sales campaigns around the globe.
Roll out global subscription services for high-capacity ink tank printers.
Launch new commercial and industrial printers in new areas.
Globally roll out the Epson Cloud Solution PORT solution platform for commercial and industrial printers.
  Talk about paperless offices has been around for a long time, but paper is a valuable medium for communication. So I want to enable people to feel free to print out all the information they want. Epson’s inkjet innovations are indispensable for allowing this by reducing printing costs and environmental impacts.
We are executing strategies and actions to bring this to fruition, but the COVID-19 pandemic has created difficult business conditions. Lockdowns constrained supplies and reduced demand, and B2B negotiations were discontinued or postponed. On the other hand, office and home printer demand is expanding. In China, for example, sales of high-capacity ink tank printers increased due to a rise in remote learning during prolonged school closures. In addition, widespread telecommuting in Western Europe, North America, Japan, and Australia generated higher than expected sales of ink cartridge printers and high-capacity ink tank printers, and ink consumption is on the rise. Remote working arrangements are likely here to stay, so print demand in satellite and home offices is expected to increase. We therefore see room for continued growth in this area.
We are also seeing a rise in demand for the printing of labels for medical supplies and food products in the commercial and industrial printing markets, but the short-term outlook is dim due to weak global business conditions and the suspension of capital investment. Nevertheless, we will work to enhance our product lineup and strengthen customer touch points in anticipation of future expansion of distributed printing demand.
We will continue to assess the effects of COVID-19. In the meantime, the digitalization trend will accelerate, so we will help to solve societal issues by realizing our long-term vision.

      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data Inkjet Innovation
34
 Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Accelerate office inkjet market development
Lead the transition to inkjets in commercial and industrial printing
    We will capitalize on our unique core technologies to expand and upgrade our product lineup. At the same time, we will accelerate market development by advertising the benefits of Epson’s inkjet technology and by providing new services.
In the commercial and industrial sectors, in particular, we will create platforms to efficiently expand our product lineup in order to lead the transition to digital printing solutions. In addition, we will expand the business by selling printheads and by engaging in collaboration and open innovation to respond to needs that we were not able to fully meet in the past.
  High-Capacity Ink Tank Printers
Strengthen the product lineup and provide attractive subscription-based services
     Monochrome laser printers account for a high share of the home and office markets (see the graph on the previous page). Epson is strengthening its lineup of high-capacity ink tank printers to meet the printing needs in these markets.
High-capacity ink tank printers enable you to print at about one-tenth*2 the cost of laser printers, but for customers who want to keep down initial costs, we are rolling out subscription-based printing services that allow them to use products and services for a fixed period of time for a flat fee.
A4 color multifunction printers
High-Capacity Ink Tank Printer Unit Sales Trend
A4 monochrome multifunction printers
The market for high-capacity ink tank printers is being further stimulated by the entry of competitors. These products and their concept are ideal for the suddenly large number of people working and learning remotely due to COVID-19. As the pioneer in this category, Epson has built trust and its brand. We will take advantage of our extensive product lineup to accelerate the development of the office market and the displacement of laser printers.
(10k units)
1,200
800
400
0
       *2 Comparison of A4 sheet printing costs between an EW-M670FT high-capacity ink tank printer and an Epson laser printer
 2010 2011 2012
2013 2014
2015 2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY)

 35
Inkjet Innovation
Shared Office Printers
Grow market share with high-speed linehead inkjet MFPs
High-speed linehead inkjet multifunction office printers are strategic products that will change the laser-dominated office printing landscape. The WF-C21000 series of high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers is equipped with PrecisionCore lineheads that deliver print speeds up to 100 ppm, which is about double the 50-page output of a typical office laser printer. Power consumption is about 80%*4 lower than that of a typical laser printer.
Integrated Report 2020
     Contribution to SDGs
Reducing Environmental Impacts with High-Capacity Ink Tank Printers
       The office market holds considerable potential for inkjet printers. Competitors have entered the market with their own line inkjets, but Epson’s heat-free line inkjet multifunction printers print even dense patterns at consistent high-speeds and in high volumes.
With print demand expected to rise in satellite offices and shared offices even post-pandemic, we will more aggressively publicize the value of benefits such as high speed and low TCO (low frequency of consumable replacement and maintenance) to build awareness and expand sales.
Relevant SDGs
9.4
Epson’s strengths • Low power
consumption
• Fewer consumables
Created value
Low environmental
impact
High-capacity ink tank printers
   (kWh) 200
150
Approx.
Avg.117 kWh
Annual power consumption
of laser printers*4
153
100*5 ppm
Epson’s high-capacity ink tank printers do not use heat in the printing process, so they use only about one-tenth the total power of laser printers during printing and sleep mode. High-capacity ink tanks also reduce the amount of consumables and packaging used.
80% lower than that
Print speed
  80
133
% reduction
Power Consumption Comparison
  97 24
87 0WF-C20600A B C D
 100 50
Equipped with PrecisionCore Heat-Free Technology, the units in the linehead inkjet MFPs do not use heat in the printing process. They consume far less electricity than laser printers and cut office running costs. Performance comparisons by an independent evaluation body show that the WF-C20600 D4TW consumes about 80% less electricity per year on average than comparable color laser multifunction printers of other companies.
            D4TW Competitors’multifunction color laser printers
  High-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer
*6 Epson laser printer (launched June 2012) *7 Typical electricity consumption (TEC) values calculated based on one week of office use. Values were measured using the test method in Ver. 2.0 ENERGY STAR® spec. *8 Independently calculated by Epson based TEC measurement criteria of the ENERGY STAR® program and an output of 162 prints per day. Actual energy consumption may vary depending on printer use. Results based on calculation method used in Japan.
Go to website for details
The benefits of Heat-Free Technology
https://global.epson.com/innovation/ core_technology/inkjet/heatfree.html
*4, *5 See note here
0 1
2 3
4 5
Laser printer (LP-M5300)*6
4.6 kWh*7
 0.4 kWh*8
Power consumption
 High-capacity
ink tank printer (EW-M5071FT)
 1/10th
 
      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Inkjet Innovation
Commercial & Industrial Printing
Lead the transition to digital printing
Digitization is advancing in commercial and industrial printing, where the demand for design diversity is driving an increase in short-run production. Epson sees corporate, signage, textile, and label printing as growth markets where there is ample room for digitization and expansion.
Fact Data
36
Embrace Collaboration and Open Innovation
Create markets by providing printheads
To accelerate inkjet-based digitization and create new markets, Epson is embracing collaboration and open innovation and has begun selling its printheads, which are known for reliability, print quality, and productivity, for a wide range of printing applications.
Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure
   Commercial & Industrial Printing Market Size
Photo/ 100 Proof
Analog printing
Digital printing
Room for growth with digital solutions
 approx.¥3.4trillion
 Corpo- rate
サイネージ
Signage
Textiles
ラLaベbルels
         To lead the transition to digital printing in the commercial and industrial sectors, we are developing platforms that can be efficiently deployed in products and services that meet diverse customer needs. Leveraging the advantages of Micro Piezo inkjet technology, we will build up our lineup of faster, higher quality products that support a wide range of media and materials. Commercial and industrial business negotiations and other sales activities remain constrained due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but demand for distributed digital printing of content for local consumption and for on-demand printing is expected to expand and accelerate. Given this situation, we will grow the business chiefly by selling high-production printers that provide both excellent image quality and outstanding speed, by strengthening customer touch points and enhancing customer support with showrooms and solution centers, and by expanding the cloud-based service platform Epson Cloud Solution PORT, which will provide functions such as Color Control Technology color matching software.
For example, in addition to the commercial and industrial fields, Epson printheads are gaining traction in new manufacturing applications such as printed electronics and bioprinting.
0
 Width: Market size (on a monetary basis). FY2018 analog & digital market (printer & ink) by category, per Epson research
Value Proposition for Commercial & Industrial Customers
  Photo & graphics
Formidable powers of expression and print speed
 Signage
Support for a variety of media and applications
 Textiles
Low environmental impact and printing on a variety of materials
 Labels
On-demand printing of a large variety of labels in small quantities
PrecisionCore printhead
    Products Launched in Growth Areas
Signage(signs & decor)
Large-format printers for signs and displays
Labels(package printing)
   Textiles (apparel)
Large-format dye-sublimation transfer printers for textiles
New MACH head
MACH head
       Digital textile printers
Digital label presses
Color label printers
Digitization rate (%)

   37
Integrated Report 2020
      Visual Innovation
Visual Innovation
    Vision
Refine original microdisplay and projection technologies, and create outstanding visual experiences and a natural visual communications environment for every aspect of business and lifestyles.
 Value Creation
Deliver amazing visual experiences and enrich communication through ubiqui- tous imaging.
Use high-quality images to enrich lives and enhance customer productivity.
Use realistic augmented reality (AR) to reduce environmental impacts associ- ated with travel and transport.
Global Market Share*1 (Unit Volume)
   Yasunori Yoshino
Chief Operating Officer, Visual Products Operations Division
(%) 50
40 30 20 10
0
 2015 2016
2017 2018 2019 (FY)
 Projectors are being used for a wider range of applications, but the market is shrinking with the emergence of cheap flat panel displays. Meanwhile, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in lockdowns as well as event cancellations and postponements worldwide, compounding problems for high-brightness and corporate projectors in particular. We will continue to watch the business environment and the social changes that COVID-19 brings about, adapt our strategies accordingly, and swiftly implement measures to improve profitability. The amount of time people spend looking at images is rapidly increasing. Moreover, with the advance of globalization, individuals in remote locations are now communicating naturally with one another via video.
* Source: Futuresource Consulting Ltd.
*1 Share among 500-lumen class projectors and higher
 FY2019 Review
We launched new laser projectors in strategic segments, including the high-brightness space and OS-equipped home projector space.
Sales decreased year on year due to the COVID-19 pandemic and lower flat panel display prices.
Our global market share exceeded 40%, and we steadily increased our market presence.
FY2020 Actions
Concentrate management resources on markets where we can capitalize on the unique value of projectors, and further increase our market presence with competitive products and services.
Drive actions to improve profitability to withstand changes in an uncertain market.
Adapt and execute strategies and actions in response to risks, opportunities, and changes in the social environment brought about by COVID-19.
  Moving forward, we will concentrate our management resources on areas where we can capitalize on the unique value of projectors, focusing particularly on areas of visual communication in which large-sized videos, images, and other visual information can be leveraged with the greatest effect. We will also accelerate the development of products and services that reflect new social imperatives and customer needs, such as smart glasses-based remote business support solutions.

      Integrated Report 2020
Value Proposition
Value Creation Strategy
Value Creation Infrastructure
Fact Data
38
 Visual Innovation
We will further solidify our position as the global leader in projectors by creating laser light source engine platforms to efficiently expand and upgrade our lineup, by enhancing our market presence, and by pioneering new markets.
In smart glasses we will continuously advance our OLED and optical technologies to boost customer value. We will also start providing optical engines to and collaborating with third parties to further expand the business.
Projectors
Leverage laser to expand into new areas
Contribution to SDGs
Projectors Supporting High-Quality Education
 Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Increase our market presence with laser projectors
Create new markets through open innovation and by proposing new uses
            Relevant SDGs
4.1 4.3
Epson’s strengths
• Big-screen images with ultra-short throw projectors
• Interactive features for enhanced
usability
Created value
Supports equal, high-quality education for all
   Laser projectors produce bright, vivid images, have a long-lasting light source, and can be installed in any orientation. Epson will accelerate busi- ness growth in the high-brightness segment by evolving laser light source engine platforms to efficiently expand and upgrade the product lineup.
Classrooms are one place where we can demonstrate the value of large projected images that are clearly visible even to students in the back. We are thus focusing our efforts on providing products and services for education. In 2006, we developed the world’s first*2 dust-proof projectors, for use in dusty and sandy regions. Epson is using ICT to enhance learning and improve the quality of education, and in so doing has earned a strong reputation in the education field by providing affordable projectors and models equipped with electronic blackboard functions.
*2 According to Epson research at the time
  To get people to casually enjoy big-screen entertainment at home, we will expand and upgrade our lineup of compact models and ultra-short throw models, giving them attractive designs that blend into the home interior. We will also highlight the advantages of projectors to create demand for accent lighting projectors in stores, restaurants, and entertainment venues.
       Smart Glasses
Offer features and services that customers need
Epson’s smart glasses allow you to enjoy see-through images hands-free on a virtual big-screen, anytime and anywhere. We will seek to take advantage of these features to expand personal, service, and industrial applications.
We will also provide new value in new places and raise our profile by providing applications that capitalize on the advantages of our see-through smart glasses. These applications will include things such as remote assistance solutions and subtitles for the hearing impaired. We also plan to expand, upgrade, and improve the usability of models that can be connected to a PC or smartphone. At the same time, we have begun to sell our silicon OLED optical engine modules to spur development of applications for smart glasses.
     
   39
Integrated Report 2020
      Wearable Innovation
Leverage our watchmaking heritage, refine leading technology, and offer a sense of status and fashion.
Wearable Innovation
    Vision
 Value Creation
State-of-the-art wearable and device technologies provide functionality and convenience.
Products of meticulous accuracy, beauty, and craftsmanship
Watch Market Size
(millions of watches)
   Junichi Watanabe
Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products Operations Division
1,500
1,000 500 0
2019 (FY) Digital quartz Mechanical
Market value of approx. ¥7 trillion
      2015 2016
Analog quartz
2017 2018
 Watches are a ¥7-trillion global market that we expect to steadily shift as the world’s population increases and as people in emerging regions become more affluent.
However, the FY2020 global watch sales and demand forecast is expected to trend sharply downward as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused inbound tourism and personal consumption to plummet. Nevertheless, it is important for us to find ways to continue to steadily secure sales, control costs, and secure profitability.
* Source of quantity data: statistics of the Japanese Clock & Watch Association * Value: Epson research
 FY2019 Review
High-end watch sales were firm year-on-year, but the market for medium-range and low-end watches shrank.
Management resources were focused on priority areas and on improving production efficiency.
Sales decreased due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
FY2020 Actions
Analyze and accelerate the execution of strategies and actions based on risks and opportunities during and after the COVID-19 pandemic.
Improve the profit structure by strengthening production & sales infrastructure and by reorganizing in preparation for a market contraction caused by COVID-19.
Strengthen the Epson brand by introducing original new technology.
  Each watch wearer is unique, and each see value differently, so growth in this market hinges on the ability to meet widely divergent tastes.
Epson designs and manufactures a variety of movements, from mechanical to quartz to Spring Drive. Our competitiveness comes largely from our ultra-precision processing technologies, especially for analog watches, and the development capabilities that enable us to continue to provide compelling products.
By taking maximum advantage of these technological capabilities and by continuing to satisfy customers and provide indispensable value, we will further increase brand value and establish stable business infrastructure.

     Integrated Report 2020
Value Proposition
Value Creation Strategy
Value Creation Infrastructure
Fact Data
40
 Wearable Innovation
Epson is what the Swiss call a manufacture, a watchmaker that makes the parts required for its products in its own production facilities. In addition to mechanical, quartz, and Spring Drive movements, Epson crafts its own cases, dials, hands, and other external parts and capitalizes on the Epson Group’s semiconductor, crystal oscillator, and ultra-precision processing technologies. We draw on a rich storehouse of technological assets to create original analog watches that others do not offer. We will strive to grow the Seiko business while also seeking to expand sales of Epson brands (Orient Star/Orient and Trume).
Contribution to SDGs
Preserving Our Ultra-Precision Processing Technology Traditions
 Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Focus on the analog watch segment where Epson can capitalize on its strengths
             ORIENT STAR/ORIENT
Expand in the analog watch segment and create watches that are a pleasure to wear
We are looking to expand in analog watches, a segment where we can capitalize on our ultra-precision processing technology.
We will meet a wider range of analog watch needs with the Orient Star and Orient brands. In addition to a classic collection with watches of exquisite quality and practicality, we will meet these needs with a contemporary collection of watches for business settings and a sports collection with products for diving, the outdoors, and active lifestyles.
TRUME
Analog watches with Swing Generator are a delight to wear and use
Epson has developed many ultra-precision processing technologies over the decades. We have world-class watch fabrication technologies and master craftspersons steeped in those technologies and traditions. These are a precious global cultural resource for current and future manufacturing that we will continue to nurture and pass down to future generations.
Analog watch collections ranging from classic to sports
Sensors provide functions wearers need
Relevant SDGs
8.2
Epson’s strengths
Technology and artisanship essential for the manufacture of analog watches
Created value
Passing down
a rich heritage of accumulated technology
           In addition to watches with built-in GPS time correction and sensors, we will enhance the line of eco-considerate analog watches equipped with Swing Generator, a self-winding power-generating and recharging mechanism that minimizes battery replacements.
Ikukiyo Komatsu
Supervisor, Skill Reinforcement Team WP Production Department
Wearable Products Operations Division
  The Trume lineup offers watches for various uses, with satisfying designs and optimal functions.
 
  41
Integrated Report 2020
     Robotics Innovation
Robotics Innovation
   Vision
Combine our core technologies with sensing and smart technologies in manufacturing,
expand applications, and create a future in which robots support people in a wide variety of situations.
 Value Creation
Solve the issues of manufacturing and skilled worker shortages by increasing automation and manufacturing efficiency with robots.
Apply our robotics and sensing technologies to create high-speed robots with outstanding accuracy, thereby providing solutions that exceed customer expectations and increase their productivity.
Mitigate environmental impacts with compact, slim, lightweight robots that are energy-efficient.
The Compact Precision Robot Market and Epson’s Share Targets
   Keijiro Naito
Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer,
Robotics Solutions Operations Division
(Billions of yen) 200
150 100
50 SCARA robots 0
Small articulated robots
2019 2021 (FY) 5% 6%
  2019 2021 Epson 28% 32%
unit share
Approximate
 As global manufacturing wages rise and as competition for workers intensifies, manufacturers urgently need to automate and increase manufacturing efficiency. This is leading to the expanded use of robots in manufacturing. The robot market is expected to continue to grow at a high rate because the impact of COVID-19 has made production stability more important than ever.
* The 2021 forecast does not reflect the effects of the pandemic. * Per Epson research
 FY2019 Review
We developed the robot market by recommending solutions that leverage new products and applications.
Robot sales were soft compared to last year primarily due to U.S.-China trade friction and a weak investment appetite due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
FY2020 Actions
Analyze and accelerate the execution of strategies and actions based on risks and opportunities during and after the pandemic.
Accumulate application case studies by expanding internal use and respond to the automation requirements of customers.
Examine open innovation and collaboration to further grow the business.
  In addition to efficient, compact, and precision technologies, Epson has image processing, sensing, and a host of other technologies developed in its other businesses. Moreover, Epson can combine these with the automation expertise it has gained on its own production floors to provide compact, slim, lightweight, energy-efficient robotic solutions of unrivaled speed, accuracy, and usability. With sales companies and manufacturing sites around the world, we will quickly identify customer needs and rapidly respond to even the most exacting requirements.
We will continue to evolve these strengths from a customer perspective, contribute to the development of diverse industries, and build robotics into a core business.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
42
 Robotics Innovation
We are accelerating the growth of robotic solutions into a core business by capturing growth opportunities, building up our core technologies and business infrastructure, and further reinforcing and enhancing our ability to provide solutions.
Contribution to SDGs
Contributing to the Development of Diverse Industries
 Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Drive manufacturing innovations by providing robots that meet a wide range of automation needs and solutions that accomplish sophisticated tasks
              Robots
Accelerate core technology development and improve our ability to sell competitive solutions.
To increase product competitiveness, Epson is surrounding its sensing and other technologies while also using AI and other technologies to further improve usability.
Automating manufacturing requires more than just installing robots. Production lines have to also be designed and built by people who have manufacturing experience and expertise. Epson, which has populated its own factories with Epson robots over many decades, has expertise that enables it to translate customers’needs into concrete solutions and recommendations. We will build on these capabilities and strengthen our sales support system in collaboration with our global manufacturing sites to accelerate growth.
Automated printhead assembly Before
Relevant SDGs
8.2
Epson’s strengths
Providing solutions that facilitate automation
Created value
Contributing to the development of diverse industries
 Epson’s force sensors endow robots with the ability to“feel”extremely subtle forces. This ability allows them to assemble fit parts, plug in flexible flat cables (FFC), insert capacitors, and perform other tasks that demand high accuracy and have traditionally relied on human sensory perception.
  By providing solutions that make automation easy, we are helping manufacturers use robots to perform tasks that used to be done by humans. Looking ahead, we will contribute to the development of different industries by increasing the value of automation and manufacturing efficiency.
     After
Before
Connecting an FFC
After
    Epson is using its robots to automate printhead assembly. We can leverage our manufacturing expertise to recommend solutions that meet manufacturers’ automation needs.
    
  43
Integrated Report 2020
     Microdevices Supporting the Four Areas of Innovation
Microdevices
    Vision
Epson will provide traction for the development of smart communications, power, transportation and manufacturing solutions with advanced Epson quartz timing and sensing solutions and
low-power semiconductor solutions.
   Nobuyuki Shimotome
Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer, Microdevices Operations Division
Value Creation
Provide traction for smart societies by contributing to 5G networks, self-driving cars, and other next-generation infrastructure with extraordinarily accurate timing devices.
Use Epson’s low-power and control technologies to provide low-power solutions that reduce finished product power consumption.
Help to make products smaller by reducing device size.
 Quartz is an extremely frequency-stable material. Epson exploits this feature to expand a lineup of crystal devices that are used in consumer products such as smartphones, as well as in infrastructure and automotive applications that require exceptional accuracy and reliability. Epson also serves a wide range of industries by providing timing devices, such as crystal units, oscillators, and real-time clock modules, and sensing devices, such as gyro-sensors and inertial measurement units (IMUs).
 FY2019 Review
Quartz business: Consumer and industrial crystal device sales were subdued chiefly due to U.S.-China trade friction, yet revenue increased year on year owing to strong mobile, network, and automotive demand.
Semiconductor business: We enjoyed firm inside, outside, and foundry demand.
FY2020 Actions
Analyze and accelerate the execution of strategies and actions based on risks and opportunities during and after the pandemic.
Quartz business: Expand sales in new growth areas such as IoT, 5G, and ADAS and strengthen cost competitiveness in existing areas.
Semiconductor business: Strengthen the business by increasing production efficiency and reducing total costs.
  We also develop and provide low-power LCD controllers, microcontrollers, application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs), LCD drivers, and other differentiated Epson semiconductor products for use in industrial products and automotive equipment. Business and market conditions are challenging right now because of COVID-19, but there are factors that we expect to drive device demand higher, such as higher demand for network equipment as telework becomes standard practice and more active investment as companies seek to increase automation and manufacturing efficiency. We will continue to assess the effects of COVID-19 as we work toward the realization of our vision.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
44
 Microdevices
   Contribution to SDGs
Contribute to Product Energy Efficiency with Low-Power Real-Time Clock Modules
   Epson 25
Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan Policies
Strengthen the competitiveness of miniature crystal products and provide traction for ultra-smart societies.
Contribute to value creation in the four areas of innovation.
    Quartz Business
Strengthen the competitiveness of small products and provide traction for ultra-smart societies
Relevant SDGs
7.3
Epson’s strengths
Low power devices that combine quartz and semiconductor technologies
Created value
Help customers reduce system size and power consumption
           Miniaturized timing devices are in demand not only for use in smartphones and other mobile products but also in the burgeoning IoT market. We will continue to strengthen our lineup of small products to meet customer needs. The communications and networks businesses are likely to see growth from 5G, so we will continue to strengthen the competitiveness of our accurate, precise oscillators and high-frequency oscillators that support 5G.
Tiny AT-cut crystal units
Real-time clock modules
Programmable oscillators
Gyrosensors
Temperature compensated crystal oscillators (TCXO)
Inertial measurement units (IMU)
We have increased the power efficiency, accuracy, and precision of our real-time clock (RTC) modules by combining the quartz and power-saving semiconductor technologies Epson began developing for watches. By providing products that consume even less current for IoT terminals and other systems that need to be small and energy efficient, we will help customers create eco-conscious finished products that operate for longer on smaller batteries.
Current Consumption Comparison of 3.2 x 2.5 mm Epson RTC Modules
      CASE (connected, autonomous, shared, electric) is an acronym that summarizes four major trends that are transforming the automotive industry. In response to the increased adoption of electronic automotive technologies, we will expand our lineup of real-time clock modules and other timing devices and launch gyro-sensors, IMUs, and other sensors for safety systems in autonomous driving.
Semiconductor Business
Contribute to value creation in the four areas of innovation
To help create value in the four areas of innovation, we will bolster development of ICs for internal use. The technology assets thus acquired will be used to efficiently develop products for external sale. The insights gained from external sales will be fed back into internal product designs, thus increasing value for both Epson and customers. The foundry business will continue to operate stably.
LCD controllers
Microcontrollers LCD drivers
Application-specific integrated circuits (ASIC)
Current consumption (nA)
300 200 100
0
Reduced by 1/3rd
RX8111CE 2019
         RX8130CE
   
 45
Integrated Report 2020
   Quality
Quality Policy
2. We will quickly complete the Plan, Do, Check & Act (PDCA) cycle in all situations.
  Improve the Quality of Products and Services
  1. We will solve problems by directly observing all of our operations and processes.
3. We will thoroughly analyze any failures, and establish procedures based on that analysis, so that mistakes are never repeated.
4. We will proactively consider our customers’ satisfaction so they will genuinely prefer purchasing Epson products and feel confident using them.
 5. We will seize the opportunity presented by customer comments and complaints to inform our decisions when designing new products.
6. We will readily report even negative information.
7. We will foster a climate in which attention is paid to even the most commonplace events.
 Hideki Shimada
Managing Executive Officer General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
Quality Assurance Program Organization
Epson takes an integrated approach to quality management. Major quality issues are addressed through the Quality Assurance Council, corporate-level committees and project teams. These bodies manage quality assurance activities across the Group by reporting the results of periodic review of actions and the state of quality to the president and by formulating and implementing policies for further improvements.
Collaboration, instructions & reports
Epson Group manufacturing companies
   Seiko Epson
President
 General administrative manager in charge of quality assurance
Head of quality assurance supervisory department
SEC quality assurance supervisory department
Quality Assurance Council/ committees/project teams
Solve important common issues
Instructions & reports
 Instructions & reports
 Assessments & reports
Operations division
 Chief operating officer
   Head of quality assurance
 Manufacturing companies managed by the operations division
Head of quality assurance
Collaboration
Collaboration
Epson Group sales companies
President
 Head of quality assurance
  Customer satisfaction, enshrined in the Epson Management Philosophy, is the goal of every Epson employee. That means always offering customers around the world products and services that are safe, secure, user-friendly, surprising, and delightful. To achieve that, each Epson employee works constantly to enhance the quality of their work from a customer perspective.
 To support them, Epson provides a foundation for continually creating high-quality products and services. In each business area, we establish mid-range quality improvement targets and measures for achieving them.
The COVID-19 pandemic forced us to produce some of our products at alternative production sites. Although they had no experience in handling them, they were able to meet Epson’s quality standards.
     President
  
     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
46
 Improve the Quality of Products and Services
Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy
Incorporating Customer Feedback into Product Design
Feedback from the market and the workplace is crucial for creating value for customers. When customers tell us about their experience with our products and services, we listen carefully and share the feedback with relevant departments to improve the customer satisfaction.
“We Need a Smaller Business Inkjet”
Printers equipped with high-capacity ink packs are popular with businesses because they are simple and cost-efficient̶you do not need to replace the consumables as often as you do with ink cartridge printers or laser printers. However, they take up space because ink packs are equipped on the sides of the printer. For this reason, some customers were unable to replace their laser printer with an inkjet. To solve this issue, we developed a compact design in which the ink packs are equipped underneath the printer.
Compact design
The ink packs were moved from the sides to the bottom of the printer, and a more powerful ink pump was used because of a decrease in ink draining pressure resulting from the relocation of the ink packs.
Relocating the ink pack space
   Earn strong trust from customers by taking innovative approaches to improving the quality of the overall product commercialization process and quickly achieving a level of quality that exceeds customer expectations.
 Following our Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy, we draw up mid-range CS & quality targets for each business area and ways to achieve them. Using these, we make quality improvements to products and services over the long-term.
A4 color multifunction printer
 CS & Quality Vision (Creating Customer Value)
Collect feedback
Customer information/resources
Create value
Create
Customer value
Share value
Printhead Paper
Printhead
Paper Ink pack
Space is saved by relocating ink packs to below the printer
Business inkjet printer
                Deliver
Products/ services
Deliver value
Customers
Produce
Ensuring consistent ink density
  One problem with horizontal ink packs is that sedimentation of pigment particles occurs quicker because the packs have lower ceilings and larger floors. This problem unbalances the ink density,
resulting in uneven print across the page. To prevent this problem, we created an upper and lower ink flow channels to mix together the low- and high-density ink. The upper and lower ink deplete at the same pace, ensuring that both channels always function and that the ink density is always consistent.
Cross-section of new, horizontal ink pack design
   Ink feed pipe
Ink feed to printer
Upper flow (sparse) Sediment (dense)
      Ink pack
Ink pack

 47
Integrated Report 2020
        Strengthen Supply Chain Management
Supply Chain
    Procurement Guidelines/Epson Supplier Code of Conduct
In addition to the basic transaction concerns of quality, cost, and delivery, CSR at Epson addresses those things that the international community looks for, such as international trade control and ensuring security in the supply chain. Epson also established CSR requirements for such areas as labor, health and safety, environment, and ethics based on the RBA Code of Conduct. Both Epson and its suppliers carry out our businesses while meeting the requirements.
      Hideki Shimada
Managing Executive Officer General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
Epson seeks to build trusting relationships with our business partners around the world based on fairness, coexistence, transparency, and mutual prosperity. Epson furthermore joined the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), a global coalition dedicated to CSR in global supply chains, as a regular member in April 2019. To fulfill our social responsibility, we hold our suppliers to the same high standards of ethical conduct we uphold and make the following six action items our top priority. COVID-19 has exposed shortcomings in the effectiveness of business continuity plans in our supply chain. We will address these issues with medium- to long-term corrective actions.
Supply Chain Strategy
A
D
RBA Code of Conduct Overview
Labo(r Human Rights)
Freely Chosen Employment Young Workers Working Hours Wages and Benefits Humane Treatment Non-Discrimination Freedom of Association
Ethics
B Health & Safety
Occupational Safety
Emergency Preparedness Occupational Injury and Illness Industrial Hygiene
Physically Demanding Work Machine Safeguarding
Sanitation, Food, and Housing Health and Safety Communication
C Environment
Environmental Permits and Reporting
   Business Integrity No Improper Advantage Disclosure of Information Intellectual Property Fair Business, Advertising and Competition Protection of Identity and Non-Retaliation Responsible Sourcing of Minerals Privacy
E Management System
Company Commitment
Management Accountability and Responsibility Legal and Customer Requirements Risk Assessment and Risk Management Improvement Objectives
Training
Communication
Worker Feedback, Participation and Grievance Audits and Assessments
Corrective Action Process Documentation and Records Supplier Responsibility
Supply-Chain Breakdown
Pollution Prevention and Resource Reduction Hazardous Substances
Solid Waste
Air Emissions
 ● Providing products and services that create customer value ● Contributing to environmental conservation
● Complying with laws, engaging in proper business
● Respecting basic human rights ● Ensuring safe, healthy, and fair
5%
practices, and operating with high ethical standards
management (BCM)
17%
11%
Epson procures 39% of its goods and services from Japanese suppliers, and 61% from overseas suppliers, in monetary terms. Direct materials (e.g., raw materials, parts, and processing services) account for 63% of the goods and services we procure. The remaining 37% are indirect materials (e.g., consumables for production sites, machinery, advertising, logistics, outsourcing, and staffing services).
39%
47%
25%
47%
Materials Restrictions Water Management
Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas Emissions
   Procurement Cost Breakdown
Procurement Direct materials Indirect materials
Japan Asia
Americas Europe
9% 4%
Procurement 37% Material
Diect materials Indirect materials
   working environments
● Implementing business continuity
2%
63%
34%
60%
    
     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
48
 Strengthen Supply Chain Management
Monitoring Suppliers’ Performance
We monitor the performance of our suppliers in two ways. First, we analyze data provided by credit reference agencies. Second, we ask suppliers to complete four kinds of self-assessment surveys: (1) a periodic survey that evaluates quality, cost, delivery, environment, and management; (2) a CSR survey that evaluates the supplier’s compliance with the Epson Supplier Code of Conduct (the RBA Code of Conduct); (3) a survey that evaluates the supplier’s capacity to deal with emergencies; (4) a survey that evaluates the supplier’s risk management efforts.
Responsible Mineral Sourcing
We recognize the risks associated with cobalt and the 3TGs (the minerals for tin, tantalum, tungsten, as well as gold ore) mined in conflict-affected or high-risk areas such as the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries. Revenue from these minerals often ends up financing armed rebel groups or other militants. For this reason, sourcing such minerals would potentially encourage conflict, human rights abuses, and environmental destruction. Such actions are unacceptable and run counter to our core values. As a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative, we ask our suppliers to ensure conflict-free sourcing and to cooperate in surveys.
  The Epson Group Procurement Guidelines require tier 1 suppliers to comply with the Epson Supplier Code of Conduct. The CSR survey, Detailed CSR Evaluation
which consists of a self-assessment 100% 8% 5%
questionnaire, is used to monitor the state of 16% compliance. If the results raise any issues, 80% 32%
In FY2019, we found that 78% of our 3TGs were sourced from conflict-free smelters. We aim for 100%.
 we visit and inspect the supplier and 60% support their efforts to address the issues.
In FY2019, we surveyed 222 direct materials 40% suppliers (391 sites) and 79 service vendors. 20% None of the direct materials suppliers (who
If an incident disrupts business operations at any of our production sites, we will first act to safeguard the workers. We will then work to preserve business continuity to avoid inconveniencing our customers. To improve resilience to such incidents across the supply chain, we have created Supply Chain BCM Guidelines. The guidelines provide measures for improving resilience in terms of suppliers, procurement, production, logistics, and sales.
3TG Survey Results
KPI FY2017 FY2018
Number of identified smelters - 312 314 Number of CFS - 249 256 Rate of CFS 100% 80% 82%
Total Tin 344 93 268 78
78% 84%
FY2019
Tantalum Tungsten Gold
37%
    were the primary focus) were rated high risk 0%
in the overall assessment or in the labor Low risk section.
2016 2018 2019
Medium risk High risk
(FY)
(by March, 2021)
40 43 107 89% 91% 67%
60%
58%
84%
45 47 159
 Supply Chain BCM
Supplier function
Supplier
Evaluation of Resilience in Emergency
Evaluation of Safety Management
Supply Chain Continuity
 To monitor supplier resilience, we conduct two self-assessment surveys. The first survey evaluates the supplier’s ability to maintain or resume supply following an incident. The second evaluates its efforts in managing safety (e.g., electrical safety, handling of hazardous materials). We will then provide feedback and help the supplier address any issues.
 Reference: on P. 11
   Procurement function
     Production function
Production sites
Sales function
Sales sites
Customers
Target Result
Unit: Number of companies
FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
319 250 1,336
490 228 945 154%*1 91% 71%*2
Target Result
FY2017
1,353
1,906 141%*1
Unit: Number of companies
FY2018 FY2019
481 1,384
449 1,025 93% 74%*2
    Logistics function
*1 In the FY2017 survey, the sample included tier 2+ suppliers as well as tier 1 suppliers.
*2 For the FY2019 survey, we distributed the questionnaire to all suppliers of goods/services directly-related to the product. The response rate was low due to COVID-19.
  
 49
Integrated Report 2020
    Strengthen Governance
Governance
Corporate Governance System
                                                 Basic Approach
 To achieve our goals, promote sustainable growth, and increase long-term corporate value, Seiko Epson Corporation (SEC) continuously improves corporate governance to ensure transparent, fair, and fast decision-making, including by ensuring that independent outside directors comprise at least one-third of the board, and by establishing committees to nominate officers and determine compensation.
   Advisory Body Activities
 Inside director Outside director
● Screens director and executive officer candidates ● Deliberates director and executive officer compensation
Director in charge of human resources
Director Nomination Committee:
Director Compensation Committee:
  Met 4 times (4/2019-6/2020)
President and Representative Director
Met 5 times (4/2019-6/2020)
President and Representative Director
Director in charge of human resources
     ● Selection of president/representative director successor in 4/2020 (interviews of candidates by outside directors)
● Officer (director, executive officer, special audit & supervisory officer) selection policies, proposed candidates, and succession plans
● Bylaws regarding the chairman of the board
● Areas where there are particular expectations for directors
  ● Director base compensation, individual bonuses, the extension of the performance-linked stock compensation plan, the performance-based coefficient, etc.
Topics
of discussion
Topics
of discussion

      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data Strengthen Governance
Actions to Ensure Board Effectiveness
50
  Seiko Epson seeks to continuously enhance the effectiveness of its board of directors pursuant to its Corporate Governance Policy. Toward this end, Seiko Epson has been analyzing and evaluating board effectiveness annually since FY2015 based on a self-evaluation survey that all board members are asked to complete.
Evaluation process
FY2018 FY2019 (evaluation of FY 2018 effectiveness) Summary of evaluation outcomes released
2019/Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. 2020/Jan.
      Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)
All directors evaluate and comment on their own performance and on that of the board as a whole.
Questionnaire topics
Analyze & evaluate results (Apr.-May), release results (Jun.)
We analyze and release a summary of question- naire results in a Corporate Governance Report.
Implement improvements (Jul.- )
The board further increases its effectiveness by addressing selected issues.
Response to issues
The Director Nomination Committee, which is composed primarily of outside directors, discussed further enhancements to succession plans and the director appointment process, reviewed the roadmap, selected director candidates, established and implemented development plans, and reviewed the process for evaluating, narrowing down, and replacing candidates. After going through these procedures, the Company replaced the president and representative director, effective April 1, 2020. In anticipation of the replacement in the future of the current president and representative director, the Director Nomination Committee began working on a new succession plan to ensure that there is ample time for examination.
        Issues
Concrete Actions
   ❶ Board composition, functioning, and operation
■1 Improvement of succession plans (including pooling of successor candidates and creating supplementary systems) and further improvement of the process of nominating officers
■1 Improvement of succession plans and further improvement of the process of nominating officers
❷ The function of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
❸ The function and operation of advisory bodies to the board
❹ Management team evaluation, compensation, succession planning and training
■2 Clarification of the management framework (skill set) for realizing the Management Philosophy and long-term corporate vision (directors and executive officers)
❺ Dialog with shareholders
■3 Sharing the effectiveness evaluation results at board meetings, and Audit & Supervisory Committee recommendations to the board based on audit results
❻ Other
■2 Clarification of the management framework for realizing the Management Philosophy and long-term corporate vision
The Company clarified the management framework for realizing the Management Philosophy and long-term Details on P. 58 corporate vision chiefly by identifying the areas where there are particularly high expectations for directors.
* The questions below were added based on recent corporate governance trends (institutional investor interest & public sector documents).
a. Should the chairman of the board of directors and advisory bodies be an independent outside director?
* The question of having outside directors chair the board and advisory bodies is considered an issue for the future, because even with the president serving as chairman as is now the cast, issues were discussed freely and openly based on the outside directors’opinions.
■3 Sharing the effectiveness evaluation results at board meetings and sharing Audit & Supervisory Committee recommendations with the board based on audit results
 b. Are directors nominated based on megatrends and the direction in which the Company should aim?
The Company has made it standard practice to share the findings of effectiveness evaluations by the Audit & Supervisory Committee with the Board of Directors. In FY2019, the board was informed that the Audit & Supervisory Committee was found to be effective, and recommendations for improving the Company’s internal controls and governance system are being implementing based on evaluation findings.
 FY2019(evaluation of FY 2018 effectiveness)
FY2020 (evaluation of FY 2019 effectiveness)
  2020/Feb.
Mar.
Apr.
May
Summary of evaluation outcomes released
Dec. 2021/Jan.
Implement improvements (Jul.- )
Issues are now being addressed
Jun. Jul.
Concrete Actions
Aug.
Sep. Oct. Nov.
      Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)
Questionnaire topics
Analyze & evaluate results (Apr.-May), release results (Jun.)
Issues
           ❶ Board composition, functioning, and operation
❷ The function of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
❸ The function and operation of advisory bodies to the board
❹ Management team evaluation, compensation, succession planning and training
■1 Further improving the organization and disclosure of business strategy risks and opportunities
■2 Further improving the organization and disclosure of the thinking with regard to business portfolio
❻ Other
* The questions below were added based on recent corporate governance trends (institutional investor interest).
a. Are business strategy risks and opportunities discussed and disclosed?
b. Is the thinking with regard to business portfolio management discussed and disclosed?
❺ Dialog with shareholders
management

 51
Strengthen Governance
Integrated Report 2020
 Director Compensation
 Seiko Epson director compensation consists of base compensation, bonuses, and stock compensation. The compensation system is variable, with bonuses linked to performance, and if a certain level of business profit is not attained, bonuses may not be paid at all.
Non-executive officers receive base compensation only, a fixed amount, because their role is to supervise general management. They do not receive bonuses and stock compensation, which are forms of compensation that are linked to performance and share price.
Approximate Composition of Total Compensation in FY2019
Performance-Linked Stock Compensation
10%
Bonuses
24%
*1 Total compensation composition of directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members (excluding Outside Directors)
FY2019 Compensation
   Base compensation (fixed and variable)
Base compensation is paid monthly. The amount is determined based on factors such as the officer’s responsibilities and position. The variable portion of base compensation for officers with executive duties reflects the results of annual performance evaluations based on criteria set for each role. (Variable range: ±20%)
  Bonuses (variable)
Bonuses are paid annually to officers with executive duties. The amount is determined in accordance with the achievement level of the annual operating performance targets. If a certain level of business profit is not attained, bonuses may not be paid at all. Bonuses reflect the results of annual performance evaluations based on criteria set for each role. (Variable range of months for bonuses: ±1.2 months)
 Performance-Linked Stock Compensation (variable)
 Stock-based compensation system for officers with executive duties wherein Company’s shares are delivered using a trust scheme. Stock is awarded in accordance with the level of achievement level with respect to medium-term operating performance targets such as business profit, return on sales, and return on equity. (Variable range: ±20%)
Total Compensation Composition *1
Variable (FY2019 results) compensation
5% Fixed compensation 61%
Base compensation
66%
(Millions of yen)
* The base compensation for Directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (excluding Outside Directors) consists of fixed compensation and variable compensation. Variable compensation refers to the monetary compensation that reflects the results of annual performance evaluations based on criteria set according to their respective roles.
 Category
 Persons
 Fixed compensation
 Variable compensation
 Total
 Base compensation
 Bonuses
 Stock compensation
Total directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members (outside directors)
 Total directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members (outside directors)
  8 (2)
 250 (28)
 17 (-)
 85 (-)
 37 (-)
 389 (28)
 4 (3)
 81 (48)
    81 (48)
 Total
 12
 331
 17
 85
 37
 471
  * The Company has introduced an officers’shareholding association system to link compensation more closely to shareholders’value. A portion of the base compensation is discretionally allotted for the acquisition of the Company’s shares. The Company has established the criteria for shareholding by its officers based on internal regulations defined by the Board of Directors to demonstrate its commitment to and responsibilities for the management to all shareholders.
 * Upon the resolution at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of June 28, 2016, the maximum base compensation was set to at 62 million yen per month for Directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (including 10 million yen per month for Outside Directors) and at 20 million yen for Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members.
* The amount above includes bonuses to be paid to Directors in the amount of 85 million yen (amount to be paid to six Directors excluding Outside Directors and Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members), subject to the approval of the proposal concerning the payment of bonus to Directors to be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders scheduled on June 25, 2020.
* The Company introduced a performance-linked stock compensation plan (stock compensation) by employing a framework referred to as the officer compensation BIP (Board Incentive Plan) trust, for the purpose of showing its commitment to promoting sustainable growth and increasing its medium to long-term corporate value, in addition to strengthening the sense of sharing common interests with its shareholders. The stock compensation stated above represents the amount recorded based on Japanese Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (JGAAP) concerning the stock delivery points granted in the current fiscal year.
 * Stock options are not granted.

      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Strengthen Governance
Performance-Linked Stock Compensation
Value Creation Infrastructure
Performance-Based Coefficient Formula Determination Table (FY2019-21)
Fact Data
52
 Seiko Epson introduced a transparent and fair stock compensation plan that is tied to performance to more clearly show how director compensation is tied to Seiko Epson’s share price, to heighten directors’ sense of shared interest with shareholders, and to show a commitment to increasing long-term corporate value.
 The plan is designed such that the rate of stock compensation versus base compensation ranges between 10% and 22% depending on position, while the number of shares issued depends on achievement with respect to financial indicators (e.g., mid-term business profit, ROS, and ROE targets) over a 3-year period.
Performance-based coefficient = {(business profit coefficient) + (ROS coefficient) + (ROE coefficient) + (cash flows from operating activities coefficient) + (qualitative evaluation coefficient x 2)} ÷ 6
 Quantitative evaluation
 Qualitative evaluation*2
 Performance -based coefficient
 At end of FY2021
 Average over the three years from FY2019 to FY2021
 Cumulative over the three years from FY2019 to FY2021
 At end of FY2021
 Business profit
 ROS
 ROE
 Operating CF
 ¥116 billion or more
 10% or more
 12% or more
 ¥390 billion or more
 Far above expectations
 1.20x
 ¥106 billion or more
 9% or more
 11% or more
 ¥380 billion or more
 Above expectations
 1.10x
 ¥96 billion or more
 8% or more
 10% or more
 ¥370 billion or more
 Met expectations
 1.00x
 ¥86 billion or more
 7% or more
 9% or more
 ¥360 billion or more
 Below expectations
 0.90x
 Less than ¥86 billion
 Less than 7%
 Less than 9%
 Less than¥360 billion
 Far below expectations
 0.80x
   The performance-based coefficient from FY2016 through FY2018 was 0.90.
   *2 Qualitative evaluation items and method
The Director Compensation Committee qualitatively evaluates performance on the basis of things such as strategic progress toward achieving the financial targets in the Epson 25 Phase 3 Mid-Range Business Plan, the effects of currency volatility, the state of progress on ESG management (e.g., environmental assessments, CSR research rankings, Board of Directors effectiveness evaluations), and other evaluation items.
Changes since FY2016-18
● The variable range of the performance-based coefficient was expanded from 0.90x - 1.10x to 0.80x-1.20x. ● Progress on ESG management was added to the qualitative evaluation.
● Target values for the Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan were incorporated.
 
 53
Strengthen Governance
Message from the CCO
Integrated Report 2020
   Tatsuaki Seki
Director, Managing Executive Officer Chief Compliance Officer (CCO)
Ensuring Compliance in a Spirit of Fair Play
Epson aims to be an indispensable company. This means we must take compliance seriously. We need to do more than just comply with laws, regulations, and codes; we also need to meet the expectations of the broader society. Fair play must be the cornerstone of our efforts to elevate Epson brand value and to safeguard our company and employees. We have repeatedly said that there can be no profit without compliance.
Epson has put in place systems to ensure effective compliance globally. First, we have appointed regional chief compliance officers (R-CCOs). This organization gives us a grip on global activities, even though the language, culture, customs, practices, and ways of thinking differ from region to region. The R-CCOs, most of whom are the presidents of Epson’s regional head offices, meet twice a year to discuss compliance issues and countermeasures. Second, Epson has created a Global Compliance Program that articulates a vision of compliance management and specifies the actions needed to achieve it. We have introduced the program at Epson Group companies around the world, and we continuously monitor the situation and take corrective action as needed.
Looking forward, we will continue to identify compliance-related risks and opportunities with a view to raising the standard of compliance.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
54
 Strengthen Governance
Compliance Committee
Chair: Full-time member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Compliance
  Basic Approach
 Epson’s goal is to continuously create value that exceeds customer expectations while building trust with all stakeholders based on the company’s Management Philosophy. To maintain and strengthen this trust, Epson seeks to increase management transparency and fairness by effectively managing compliance and risks through faster decision-making with the help of monitoring and supervision.
 Compliance Organization
In June 2016, shareholders approved the transition of Seiko Epson Corporation (SEC) to a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee. The Compliance Committee composition and the role of the chief compliance officer (CCO) were revised accordingly.
Under the current organization, the Compliance Committee, which advises the board and is chaired by a Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee member, discusses compliance activities, reports and proposes compliance affairs to the board, and supervises business affairs. The CCO supervises and monitors the execution of all compliance operations and periodically reports the state of compliance affairs to the Compliance Committee. In addition, a compliance control department monitors compliance in general, making corrections and adjustments as needed.
Promote Compliance
To instill internal compliance awareness, Epson provides online courses, training, and more on a regular basis to both executive officers and employees, in keeping with the Epson Group Global Code of Conduct. We invite outside experts to give instruction in compliance training courses for executive management. We also provide online compliance courses and compliance training by internal instructors for all employees. At our affiliates outside Japan, our efforts include providing compliance training that reflects local conditions.
Every October is Compliance Month at Epson. During this period each year, we run events for the entire Group, including subsidiaries outside Japan, to raise compliance awareness based on our Management Philosophy and Principles of Corporate Behavior. This is to help each employee recall the importance of compliance to the realization of the Management Philosophy. Specific activities include: 1) the release of Compliance Messages by the Chief Compliance Officer and the heads of each business unit and subsidiary, 2) the publishing of feature stories on compliance in the company newsletter, 3) initiatives to spread information about the Epson Group Global Code of Conduct, and 4) giving compliance training. These and other activities are meant to raise compliance awareness.
When the month is over, we conduct a survey about these initiatives. We total and analyze survey responses as to participants’opinions and suggestions on each company’s or organization’s efforts and initiatives. This helps us check employees’ compliance awareness and collect feedback for the next year’s activities.
The compliance organization is stipulated in the Epson Group Compliance Basic Regulation.
Compliance System Diagram
Instructions & inquiries
Report & opinions
Report
Report Instructio
Reporting Systems
Whistleblowing systems have been installed in all Epson Group companies worldwide. The use of these systems is monitored, and usage data are reported to a corporate management body and to Group companies in an effort to increase system effectiveness. We have also introduced Epson Executive Compliance Hotline, a global reporting system that Epson directly receives reports on compliance of executives in subsidiaries outside Japan. The system helps us to improve the completeness and effectiveness of the reporting system in the Epson Group.
Whistleblowing systems in Japan: A list of advisory services
Board of Directors
       ● Epson Helplines
● Harassment counseling
● Counseling related to overwork and
  Audit & Supervisory Committee
Monitor
& supervise
Report
  Internal audit department
SEC President
CCO
long working hours
● Counseling for persons with disabilities ● Insider trading advisory service
● Antitrust (antimonopoly) advisory service ● Corruption (bribery) regulations
   ns Independent monitoring
 Executive officer
Executive organization (Divisions, operations divisions, Epson Group companies)
Corporate Strategy Council (deliberative body)
Compliance control department
 advisory service
● Employee counseling
● Reporting contact for business partners
    
 55
Strengthen Governance
Epson’s Risk Management Organization
The president of Seiko Epson Corporation (SEC) assumes overall responsibility for risk management in the Epson Group, including subsidiaries. Group-wide risk management is carried out by Head Office supervisory departments with the cooperation of the operations divisions and subsidiaries. Risks unique to an individual business are managed by the chief operating officer of that business, including at subsidiaries consolidated under them. The Seiko Epson risk management department monitors overall risk management in the Epson Group, makes corrections and adjustments thereto, and ensures the effectiveness of risk management programs.
Integrated Report 2020
 Risk Management
Risk Management Organization Chart
 Management of serious risks in the Epson Group
Group-wide management of serious risks (horizontal/functional)
Group-business management of serious risks (vertical/operations)
 Board of Directors
  SEC President
 Corporate Strategy Council
   Report
   Monitoring
 Risk management department
    (Head Office organization) Head Office supervisory departments
 Operations division A
Operations division B
Operations division C
    Epson Group sales & manufacturing companies
     The risk management organization is stipulated in the Epson Group Risk Management Basic Regulation.
   We identify risks that could have significant adverse effects on Group management as priority Group risks and risks that could have serious adverse effects on business operations as priority business risks. We draft and execute control plans for these priority risks, and monitor the progress. The effectiveness of the control activities are evaluated quarterly for the priority Group risks and half-yearly for the priority business risks. We make necessary modifications to the control plans based on the evaluation results to ensure that the effectiveness is maintained. The president of Seiko Epson periodically reports important risk management matters to the board of directors.
Crisis Management
Epson has a standing Crisis Management Committee. The committee is chaired by the president. The general administrative manager in charge of risk management serves as vice-chair. The rest of the committee is made up of the general managers of supervisory departments at the Head Office. An organization and a predetermined crisis management program are in place to enable us to rapidly mount a Group-wide response in the event of a crisis.
Risk Management Cycle
Risk assessment (CHECK)
Control plan creation (PLAN)
Identification of serious risks (ANALYZE)
    Control plan execution (DO)
 
      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data Strengthen Governance  Risk Management
List of Main Risks
Note: The content of the list was excerpted from“Risks related to Epson’s business operations”in Epson’s Annual Report. Please see the Annual Report for additional details.
Go to website for details
56
Epson’s Annual Report 2020 https://global.epson.com/IR/library/
   Main risks
General description of risk
Main countermeasures
Parts procurement
risks from certain suppliers
● A supplier parts shortage or quality problem with supplier parts could interfere with Epson’s manufacturing and selling activities.
● Procure parts and materials from multiple suppliers whenever possible.
● Work with suppliers to maintain or improve quality and reduce costs to ensure stable and efficient procurement.
Intellectual property rights risks
● An objection might be raised to, or an application to invalidate might be filed with respect to, an intellectual property right of Epson, and as a result, that right might be recognized as invalid.
● A third party to whom we originally had not granted a license could come to possess a license as a result of a merger with or acquisition by another party, potentially causing us to lose the competitive advantage conferred by that intellectual property.
● New restrictions could be imposed on an Epson business as a result of a buyout or a merger with a third party, and we could be forced to spend money to find a solution to those restrictions.
● Independently develop technologies we need; acquire patent, trademark, and other IP rights for them; and license the rights for products and technologies.
● Strengthen our intellectual property portfolio by placing personnel in key positions to manage our IP.
Environmental risks
● An environmental problem could arise that would require us to pay damages and/or fines, bear costs for cleanup, or halt production.
● New regulations could be enacted that would require major expenditures.
● Take environmental action in line with a mid-range action plan and“Environmental Vision 2050,”a statement of our long-term goals for reducing our environmental impacts. Drive programs to develop and manufacture low-impact products, reduce energy use, recover and recycle end-of-life products, ensure compliance with international substance regulations, and improve environmental management systems.
Hiring and personnel retention risks
● We may be unable to hire and retain talented personnel to develop advanced new technologies and manufacture advanced new products.
● Secure talent by providing role-based compensation and actively promoting good people internationally.
Risks from natural or other disasters
● Our operating results could be adversely affected by any number of unpredictable events, including but not limited to natural disasters, pandemics involving new strains of influenza virus, infection by computer viruses, leaks or theft of customer data, reputational damage on social media, failures of mission-critical internal IT systems, cyber attacks, supply chain disruptions, and acts of terrorism or war.
● Significant changes in the business environment brought about by the social changes and behavior modification that COVID-19 brings
● Conduct disaster drills, prepare earthquake disaster management and response plans, and establish business continuity plans to mitigate the effects of disasters to the extent possible.
● Insure against losses arising from earthquakes. (However, the scope of indemnification is limited.)
● Accelerate actions that enable us to seize business opportunities by solving anticipated societal issues
Legal, regulatory, licensing and similar risks
● Epson conducts business worldwide and could incur reputational damage, higher costs, or other negative consequences such as large civil fines and constraints on its activities if it were to violate international law, be investigated by authorities, or be subjected to stricter laws or regulations.
● Ensure compliance by building a robust compliance framework in each country and business and through internal awareness campaigns.
● Treat compliance as a high management priority, and develop measures to prevent and control potential issues as appropriate.
               
 57
Strengthen Governance
Integrated Report 2020
 Director Profile (Current as of October 1, 2020)
      Minoru Usui
Chairman and Director
Yasunori Ogawa
President and Representative Director
Koichi Kubota
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer, Printing Solutions Operations Division
Tatsuaki Seki
Director, Managing Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Corporate Communications Officer
General Administrative Manager, Corporate Strategy and Management Control Division General Administrative Manager, Sustainability Promotion Office
        Masayuki Kawana
Director, Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Human Resources Division/Health Management Office
Chairman, Epson Sales Japan Corporation
Taro Shigemoto
Director,
Full-Time Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Toshiya Takahata
Director, Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, DX Division
Hideaki Omiya
Outside Director
Outside
Independent Director
Mari Matsunaga
Outside Director
Outside
Independent Director
        Yoshio Shirai
Outside Director,
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Outside
Independent Director
Susumu Murakoshi Outside Outside Director,
Independent Director
Michiko Ohtsuka
Outside Director,
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Outside
Independent Director
    Audit & Supervisory Committee Member

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
58
 Strengthen Governance
Matrix of Areas of Expertise Particularly Expected for Directors
Epson clarifies a management system toward achieving the Management Philosophy and Corporate Vision by utilizing a matrix as below.
 Name
 Title
Areas of expertise particularly expected by the Company
Diversity
Corporate management
 Collaboration Open innovation
IT Digital
  Finance Accounting
HR Personnel development
  Legal affairs Compliance
 Global (Internationality)
Gender
 Minoru Usui
 Chairman and Director
        Male
 Yasunori Ogawa
 President and Representative Director
        Male
 Koichi Kubota
 Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
        Male
 Tatsuaki Seki
 Director, Managing Executive Officer
        Male
 Masayuki Kawana
 Director, Executive Officer
        Male
 Toshiya Takahata
 Director, Executive Officer
        Male
 Hideaki Omiya
 Outside Director
        Male
 Mari Matsunaga
 Outside Director
        Female
 Taro Shigemoto
 Director, Full-Time Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
        Male
 Yoshio Shirai
 Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
        Male
 Susumu Murakoshi
 Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
        Male
 Michiko Ohtsuka
 Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
        Female
       
  59
Integrated Report 2020
        Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Environment
    How Epson is Working for a Sustainable Society
  Epson was founded in 1942 in Suwa, a city nestled in the rich natural environment of Nagano Prefecture. Harmonious co-existence is our cornerstone. Even as we expanded globally, our culture of respect for the environment never wavered. In 1988 Epson became the world’s first enterprise to announce it would eliminate ozone-depleting chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) from its operations. Epson has always maintained ambitious environmental goals. Environmental Vision 2050 describes our vision of the future and, as stated in Epson’s Management Philosophy, we aim to be an indispensable company that is committed to openness, customer satisfaction and sustainability. Environmental Vision 2050 is aligned with the SDGs. We will continue to honestly address customer and societal challenges and will create unique environmental value through our business activities to help achieve the SDGs and a sustainable future.
column “Omiwatari”Ice Pressure Ridge
Environmental Vision 2050
Epson's vision is to become an indispensable company that uses its efficient, compact and precision technologies to achieve sustainability in a circular economy.
   Hideki Shimada
Managing Executive Officer General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
• Advance the frontiers of industry and establish recycling systems through open and unique innovation.
• Reduce the environmental impacts of our manufacturing processes, products and services.
• Contribute to international environmental initiatives.
  Climate change and global warming are greatly impacting society and Epson sees them as a serious issues. To find a solution, Epson is working proactively to improve the environmental performance of our products and lower emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) in the value chain. This is in keeping with Environmental Vision 2050 (a statement of what we hope to be in 2050) and the Epson 25 Environmental Statement (a path to the year 2025 as an intermediate step). Epson’s efficient, compact, and precision technologies are the heart of this effort.
P
P
h
ho
o
t
t
o
o
p
p
r
r
o
ov
v
i
i
d
de
ed
d
b
by
yS
S
u
u
w
wa
aC
Ci
i
t
ty
y
 In addition to acting to reduce our GHG emissions and achieve our science-based targets (SBTs), we announced our support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and, in 2020, we evaluated the business impact and financial impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on our strategy. These efforts have begun to bear fruit in the form of financing for projects with environmental benefits through the issuance of green bonds and the conclusion of a committed line of credit agreement. The global tide is moving toward decarbonization and a circular economy. Epson is responding by using more renewable energy and creating products and services that can contribute to our customers’own efforts. This is how we use constant innovation to fulfill our responsibilities as a manufacturer.
A mystical, natural ice pressure ridge forms on Lake Suwa when the temperature stays below about minus 10°C for several consecutive days, causing the thickness of the ice to increase. The ice repeatedly expands and contracts as the temperature swings between day and night, pushing a ridge of ice several dozen centimeters upwards over a stretch of several kilometers. The pressure ridge is called omiwatari, a path left by a god crossing the lake according to regional folklore. Records of omiwatari dating back to 1443 show that the frequency of these ice ridges is decreasing as the average temperature of the Earth rises, serving as a concerning sign about the effects of global warming.
Lake Suwa and the local environment were the original reasons for the commitment to sustainability enshrined in Epson’s Management Philosophy. We will accelerate our efforts to tackle climate change together with the local community as they look forward to the omiwatari and Epson, whose Head Office is near the shore of Lake Suwa, aspires to contribute to the betterment of society.
Actions
  
         Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Approach Leading Up to 2050
To achieve the environmental vision by 2050, we have been setting milestone targets while working to bridge the gap needed to reach them. We seek to leverage our original efficient, compact and precision technologies to reach these milestones and reduce environmental impacts across the value chain, including through our business activities and improved product environmental performance. By offering products and services that enable new business processes, we aim to provide outstanding customer value in both economic and environmental terms.
Established Environmental Vision 2050
Second Environmental Benchmark Year Established General Environmental Action Plan
Environmental Benchmark Year CFC-Free Declaration
Established Group Environmental Policy
Global Environmental Concern
Fact Data
60
Value Creation Infrastructure
Epson 25 Corporate Vision Environmental Statement
Contribute to the development of a sustainable society by leveraging efficient, compact and precision technologies to reduce the environmental impact of products and services across their life cycles.
Environmental Vision 2050
                Scopes 1 & 2
 Scope 3*1
     Global warming
Depletion of resources
Revised Environmental Vision 2050
Societal demand
19% reduction (total)
44% reduction (emissions intensity relative to business profit)
*1 Category 1 & 11
Corporate value ESG investing Value chain TCFD
Epson’s SDGs from an environmental perspective
FY2025 GHG reduction target (vs. FY2017)
         Water and soil pollution
Climate change Paris Agreement Renewable energy Decarbonization
Resources & waste Water resources Circular economy Marine plastics

  61
Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Reducing the Environmental Impact of Business Activities
Material Balance (FY2019)
Epson consumes resources and, in the process of conducting business activities across the life cycles of its products and services, emits GHGs and other emissions to the air, land, and water. We are working to assess the environmental impacts of our business activities across the value chain in an effort to reduce our impacts. In FY2019 we reached our target as a result of various reduction actions. We will continue to provide energy- and resource-efficient products in our quest to achieve our business profit-based scope 3 emissions reduction target, which assumes growth and is linked to Epson 25 management indicators.
Integrated Report 2020
    Third-Party Verification Report
We had the Japan Quality Assurance Organization (JQA) conduct a third-party verification of our calculations of GHG emissions and report of water-related data to ensure their reliability. Our FY2019 GHG emissions (scopes 1, 2, and 3) and energy and water use data were verified as having been measured and calculated accurately, and a GHG verification report was obtained (for scope 3 categories 1 and 11).
  Epson’s Business Activities
Achievements
Water usage
-2.0
      Input
Output
-18
201,000
t
Target: -19% by FY2025
% Target value: 479 thousand t-CO2e
Scopes 1 & 2 GHG emissions
 Fuel
Electric power
Products shipped
75% 25%
 29%
Energy
71%
Scope 2 Scope 1
-2.6
  1,189,036 MWh
GHG emissions
Target: previous year or less
% Target value: 8,351 thousand m³
Renewable energy
Recycled water
486 thousand t-CO2e
 Ground water
Municipal water
137,997 1,527
Waste emissions
 9%
91%
MWh
3 thousand m
Rivers
Sewerage
Target: previous year or less % Target value: 33.3 thousand t
 16%
Other
Waste emissions
VOC emissions
Target: previous year or less Target value: 168 t
Target: -44% by FY2025
*3 Target value: 1.90 thousand t-CO2e/100 million yen
Packaging materials Products collected
33 23,000
t 7% Procurement
Use of products
t t
Increased
Water
40% 60%
8,131
Raw materials
Water discharge
   3 thousand m
6,977 thousand m3
-29
 Other
Resin
Target: previous year or less % Target value: 3.3 t
15%
41%
Activities through value chain
Waste Recycled
PRTR substance emissions VOC emissions
of raw materials
43%
Per unit of business profit*1 Environmental contribution
5.78
*1 Calculated as the ratio of scope 3 (Categories 1 and 11) GHG emissions to business profit (Unit: thousand t-CO2e/100 million yen)
Estimate of GHG emissions avoided by third parties: The emissions avoided by (1) replacing
9%
32.6 thousand t
PRTR substance emissions
  Paper
234 thousand t
11% 89%
% -15
  Electronic component
Transportation
  9%
Metal
6%
Scope 3 GHG emissions
2.3 142
19%
Capital expenditures
3,024 thousand t-CO2e
Scope 3 GHG emissions (Per unit of business profit)
 t 35%
124,000
*2
*2 laserprinterswithEpsoninkjetprinters,(2)replacingflatpaneldisplaywithEpsonlaserlight source projectors are calculated based on electricity use (flow base approach). This is different from the actual reduction amount.
t-CO2e
*3 Due to a significant decrease in business profit.

      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Promoting the Use of Renewable Energy
Fact Data
Effective Uses of Resources: Pallet Reuse
62
 Epson has an SBTi-validated target of reducing scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 19% by 2025. In FY2019, we achieved an 18% reduction in GHG emissions versus the FY2017 base year through site energy-saving initiatives. A reduction of 62,000 tonnes, representing 60% of the total, was realized in part by signing long-term contracts to purchase low-carbon electricity from hydroelectric power generators mainly in Japan. We have raised the rate of renewable energy use to 12% (and 16% on an electricity basis).
In the U.K., ink cartridge manufacturer Epson Telford Ltd. (ETL) has been reusing transport pallets to reduce its waste and eliminate associated disposal costs.
ETL used to dispose of wood pallets that arrived from suppliers because ETL couldn’t reuse them in its factory, but it amended its agreement with suppliers to have them take back the pallets. Now, pallets that are in good condition are sold and damaged pallets are repaired and reused in the market.
All of the electricity used outside Japan by our production sites in the U.K. and the U.S. (Portland) and by the head office buildings of our sales companies in Europe (Germany, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, and France) is from renewable sources. In addition, preparations are under way to launch operations at a new factory in Thailand that is equipped with a 1,390 kW array of solar panels.
Use of Renewable Energy Globally
On the other hand, there was no recycling outlet in the U.K. for the pressed wood pallets (made from recycled wood materials) used for overseas shipments. So, ETL arranged with the Singapore distribution center for the return and reuse of these pallets, thus avoiding and reducing the cost of having to purchase new pallets at the distribution center.
■ Solar power system
■ Use of geothermal & solar heat ■ Low-carbon electricity
Japan
 ■ Solar power system ■ Use of solar heat China
 ■ Low-carbon electricity U.S.
  ■ Solar power system
■ Use of solar heat
■ Low-carbon electricity Philippines, Thailand, Singapore
  Type
Disposal method prior to reuse
Resource savings (annual)
Savings (annual)
Wood pallets
Recycled
64 tonnes
¥1,270,000
Pressed wood pallets
Incinerated
16 tonnes
¥380,000
 Epson will continue to reduce its GHG emissions by using the best energy available in each region and by introducing innovations in production and elsewhere.
* Onsite equipment, power purchase agreement, and/or certificate purchasing
 ■ Solar power system
■ Low-carbon electricity U.K., Germany, Italy, Spain, Netherlands, France
 ■ Low-carbon electricity Australia
Reducing CO2 emissions by using locally produced hydroelectric power Thoughts on the Expanded Use of Local Renewable Energy
    column
Use of CO2-Free Electricity Produced in Nagano
Epson began procuring CO2-free electricity from Chubu Electric Power Miraiz Company, Inc. in April 2020. This electricity, which is produced in Nagano Prefecture using Nagano Prefectural hydroelectric power, is used at three Epson sites in Nagano (the Head office, Hirooka, and Shiojiri). Shinshu Green Electricity, which is produced at hydroelectric power stations operated by the Nagano Prefectural Government Public Enterprise Bureau, accounts for 60% of the 100 GWh of low-carbon electricity derived from hydroelectric power stations used annually at these three sites. Epson uses this renewable electricity produced using carbon-free local resources in the development and production of products such as PrecisionCore print chips and watches.
Toru Kobayashi
Nagano Prefectural Government Public Enterprise Administrator
Nagano Prefecture declared a climate emergency in December 2019 and launched a project to expand the use of local renewable energy the following April, with the aim of becoming carbon-free. Hydroelectric power is said to have the lowest CO2 emissions. The Public Enterprise Bureau, which is involved in this project, is working toward the construction of a new hydroelectric power plant to utilize the abundant water resources of Nagano Prefecture. Epson’s procurement of hydroelectricity from the Public Enterprise Bureau through the Shinshu Green Electricity Project is a pioneering effort toward the expanded use of local renewable energy, and an effort that I hope others will emulate both inside and outside the prefecture.
 
  63
Integrated Report 2020
       Respect Human Rights and Promote Diversity
Social
Human Resources Development
      Masayuki Kawana
Director, Executive Officer General Administrative Manager, Human Resources Division/ Health Management Office
Epson is a vertically integrated global company that works to create value that exceeds the expectations of our customers. Doing that requires respect for basic human rights. It also demands that we develop global human resources who have a shared set of values and can make prompt and accurate decisions on the ground, a culture where our diverse personnel can live up to their potential, and better workplace environments. Through initiatives like these, Epson seeks to become a company indispensable to society as called for in our Management Philosophy. We responded to the spread of COVID-19 in 2020 by imposing strict measures to ensure a safe work environment. We have continued to do everything in our power to guarantee the safety, health, and livelihood of our most precious resource, our employees, as well as their families.
Group Human Resources Development Policy
Epson develops its human resources in line with the Epson Group Human Resources Development Policy established in 1996, which designates talented people as a precious management resource and asserts that it is people that connect, support, and nurture the Epson Group. We assist employees so that they can achieve their dreams of self-fulfillment. We provide training so that our people understand their roles and what is expected of them as members of the Epson team. Training enables them to work and communicate effectively, solve problems and achieve goals, and experience personal and professional growth.
Employee Surveys
Epson has been conducting an employee survey annually since 2005 to improve the quality of relationships by creating an environment where free and constructive communication are encouraged and to foster a culture where both employees and the company can continue to grow. Survey results are reported to executive management, passed on as feedback to workplaces, and used to build stronger organizations and better workplace cultures.
Employee surveys
*1 Survey is given to regular and employees after retirement age. *2 Degree of satisfaction is defined as the percentage of
  Go to Human Resources Development Policy website for https://global.epson.com/company/epson_way/
97.4% 91.2%
details principle/human_policy.html
Develop Global Human Resources
respondents reporting scores of 3 or higher out of five levels.
*1 *2 Response rate Degree of satisfaction
 Epson runs a global business. Thus, it is critical to our management that we foster global human resources that can help us pursue the common goals of our business, each within the role of his or her Epson Group company.
The Global Incubation Seminar (GIS) is a training program in which we share Epson’s vision and values with up-and-coming leaders from Group companies around the world and empower them to put these into practice in their own organizations. We have held GIS every year since 1999, training more than 380 individuals so far. We continue holding the Global Executive Seminar (GES) for executive management and trainings for leaders supporting our global business.
GIS/GES Target Trainees
  GES GIS
President Directors Department Managers
Senior Managers Managers
* The GIS, which was scheduled for February 2020, and the GES, which was scheduled for May 2020, have been postponed due to COVID-19.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
64
 Respect Human Rights and Promote Diversity
Better Workplace Environments for Employees
Health and Productivity Management Initiatives
Employees are the lifeblood of the company, and we strive to
improve their health, safety, and security around the world. Seiko
Epson’s Health Management Office, created in April 2020, issued a
Health and Productivity Management Declaration that states
management’s commitment to building a strong culture of health
and productivity across the global Epson Group. In Japan, we
established Health Action 2020, a mid-range plan for promoting
better health and increasing corporate value. Initiatives focus on
workplace health and on the keys to it, the physical and mental health of employees. Polices are designed to energize individuals and organizations, build a sense of unity, and promote productivity.
In 2020, as a result of these actions, METI and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi recognized Seiko Epson under the White 500 program, large enterprise category, for the fourth consecutive year.
Diversity
 Health and Productivity Management Declaration
At Epson, the health of our employees is our top priority.
The company and its employees will work together to create an enjoyable and dynamic workplace environment to ensure the physical and mental wellness of all. Our goal is to energize all employees with a vital workplace, produce results that surprise and delight the world, and make the world a better place.
Yasunori Ogawa
 President and CEO Seiko Epson Corporation
     Respecting Human Rights
Epson is serious about keeping all forms of discrimination and unfair practices out of its operations around the world. This stance is reflected in our participation in the United Nations Global Compact. Also, the Group’s policies regarding human rights and labor standards articulate Epson’s strong convictions in areas including respect for human rights, elimination of harassment, eradication of all forms of discrimination, respect for local culture and customs, prohibition of child and forced labor, and maintenance of positive labor-management relations. These attitudes are widely disseminat- ed and practiced throughout the Group.
Work Reform
Epson defines its work goals and work culture. Since FY2017, we have been comprehensively reforming the way we work through our WILL BE program. It sets targets for working hours in the medium term, among others. Objectives include preparing the work environment, raising labor productivity, making use of diverse personnel, and managing health.
Epson’s true customers are end-users the world over. To enrich their lives, we have to understand them and meet their needs.
To achieve this, our own diversity is important. We believe that only with a diverse workforce of people who have respect for one another and who know and practice what is important can we create customer value. To deliver results that surprise and delight our customers, Epson promotes female managerial staff and foreign nationals, fostering a corporate culture that enables diverse personnel to display their abilities to the fullest.
Promoting Diversity
 Advancement of Women
(as of March 20, 2020)
Average tenure
   Number of female managers
23 persons / 3%
Percentage of female employees
16%
20.9
Women Men
years 18.9 years
  Go to website for details
Epson’s work goals and work culture https://global.epson.com/SR/our_people/pdf/workplace_01.pdf
  Annual total working hours per employee
FY2018 results FY2019 results 1,943 hours 1,879 hours
  Number of employees (as of June 1, 2019) with disabilities
Seiko Epson, domestic Group
308 persons / 2.62%
 Go to The Policies Regarding Human website for Rights and Labor Standards
  details https://global.epson.com/company/ epson_way/principle/human_rights.html
   
 65
Integrated Report 2020
   Practicing Sustainable Business
Sustainability
 Today, companies need to show how they are responding to the issues facing society through sustainability and growth strategies based on ESG activities. Epson has set six materialities, including advancing the frontiers of industry and achieving sustainability in a circular economy, that center on technological assets such as our efficient, compact, and precision technologies and is working in line with Epson’s value creation story to solve societal issues and provide value. In April, to accelerate efforts to achieve social sustainability and sustained company growth, we integrated our CSR and CSV activities and replaced the CSR Management Office with a new Sustainability Promotion Office. One of the benefits of integrating CSR and CSV is that Epson assessed and disclosed the impact of climate change from the perspective of risks and opportunities in response to TCFD recommendations. In 2019, Epson joined the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), a global coalition dedicated to corporate social responsibility (CSR) in global supply chains, and is executing actions to strengthen its value creation infrastructure in line with the RBA Code of Conduct.
Mr. Hidemitsu Sasaya
Professor at Platform for Arts & Science, Chiba University of Commerce,
and CSR/SDGs consultant
Epson announced its support for the recommendations of the TCFD and has expanded its information disclosures. This is a good thing, as Japanese companies are still weaker than Western countries in providing information. I hope Epson shares information about what it is doing as soon as possible. The Japanese government’s SDG policies focus on (1) Society 5.0, (2) involvement in regional revitalization and digital transformation, and (3) promotion of the next generation and women’s advancement. I would like to see Epson put the main focus on these three things from a long-term strategic perspective and practice sustainable business.
View of an Influencer
Expectations for Epson
  About three years ago, Epson published a matrix (p. 67) that shows the relationship between key CSR themes and the SDGs. ESG investors have begun to set benchmarks for contributions to SDGs and are now looking at targets down to the decimal point. Epson’s matrix is organized by ESG and comprehensively shows the results of analysis against all 17 goals. It is time to communicate this to the world and to see the reaction. Creating a matrix is extremely difficult, but there is a lot of value in having announced highly specific targets. It would be a good idea to use the ESG/SDG matrix as a tool to enhance messaging for a redesign of the brand.
    column Epson as a Sponsor and Exhibitor at Sustainable Brands 2020 Yokohama
For the second consecutive year, Epson served as a co-sponsor
of the Sustainable Brands International Conference. At a plenary
session at the event, Seiko Epson President Yasunori Ogawa
(then a managing executive officer and the chief technology
officer) took the stage for a panel discussion on innovating to
solve societal issues. Ogawa talked about the importance of
Epson’s approach, where we first develop a clear vision of the world as we wish it to be and then work backwards to develop technology to achieve that vision. There is a limit to the impact that a single company can have on solving societal issues. Epson is committed to building cooperation with other companies through events like this and to further accelerating actions to achieve social sustainability.
Epson’s Management Philosophy, which was established in 1993 and declares our commitment to customer satisfaction and sustainability, reflects the ideals of the SDGs and sustainable business. We will continue to allow the Management Philosophy to guide our efforts to solve societal issues. Precisely because COVID-19 has created future uncertainty, we will follow sustainable management practices in collaboration with like-minded internal and external partners to realize a brighter world.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
66
 Practicing Sustainable Business
Identification of Key CSR Themes and the Materiality Matrix
  Epson comprehensively identified social responsibility topics by referencing ISO 26000 and other sources for guidance. We evaluated the topics from both a company perspective and a social perspective. Those of the highest priority were mapped in a materiality matrix (Key CSR Theme Matrix). In 2019, to coincide with the consideration and establishment of the Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan, we reorganized the 16 highest-priority CSR themes into six materialities.
Identifying Key CSR Themes
 Recognize social trends and company direction
Evaluate materiality from a company perspective
Evaluate materiality from a societal perspective
Determine validity of themes
Key CSR Themes
Importance from Epson’s Perspective
● Understand mid- and long-term trends and identified 466 potential key themes in select areas
● Epson’s CSR Executive Council and CSR Management Committee evaluate their materiality
● Outside board members and experts evaluate their materiality
● Epson’s CSR Management Committee determines the validity of the
Materiality
Advance the frontiers of industry
Achieve sustainability in a circular economy
Improve the quality
of products and services
Strengthen supply chain management
Respect human rights and promote diversity
Strengthen governance
    Direction of company management
Behavior
● Corporate Vision Epson 25 ● Mid-term Business Plan
● Environment Vision 2050
Electrical & Electronics Industry trends and societal demands
● RBA Code of Conduct
General social trends
and Communications in Japan 2016
General societal demands
● GRI
● SASB
● ISO 26000
● SDGs
● SRI survey item
Select areas
     ● Management Philosophy ● Principles of Corporate
● Global Japan
● White Paper Information
CSR themes and selects key themes
                            Importance from a Societal Perspective
Principles of Corporate Behavior Management Philosophy

 67
Practicing Sustainable Business
Relationship with the Key CSR Themes and the SDGs
Epson validated the relationship between Epson’s key CSR themes and the 169 targets of the 17 SDGs.
Integrated Report 2020
  Go to website for details
Key CSR themes, action items & results
https://global.epson.com/SR/csr_initiative/action_ items.html
   Materiality
Key CSR Themes
A selection of 16 of the most important items
 Epson Initiatives Mapped to the SDGs
                   Advance the frontiers of industry
Business operations aligned with global social trends
3.6 3.9
4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5
6.3 6.4 6.6
7.3 7.a
8.2 8.4
9.4 9.c
11.6
12.2 12.4 12.5
13.2
 15.1 15.4
 17.16
 Creating new products and services with leading technology
 Productivity improvement utilizing ICT
8.4
9.4
17.16 17.17
Products competitiveness
6.3
7.3 7.a
8.2 8.4
9.4
12.4 12.5
17.16
Strategic marketing
7.3
9.4
17.16
  Achieve sustainability in a circular economy
Contributing to the environment through products and services
   3.9
6.3 6.4 6.6
7.3
9.4
11.6
12.2 12.4 12.5
13.2
15.1 15.2 15.4 15.5
17.7
Effective use of energy and resources
7.2 7.3
13.2
17.17
Climate change and global warming
 7.2 7.3
12.4
13.2
17.17
  Improve the quality of products and services
Product quality and communications
 12.8
16.6 16.8
Consumer health and safety
 12.4
 Strengthen supply chain management
   Supply chain management
3.9
5.1
6.3
8.5 8.7 8.8
10.2 10.3
12.4 12.5 12.6
13.1
16.4 16.5
17.17
 Respect human rights and promote diversity
 Respecting human rights
4.7
5.1 5.5
8.5 8.7 8.8
10.3
Diversity
4.7
5.5
8.5
10.2
 Human resources development, hiring, and retention
 4.4 4.7
8.8
10.2
12.a
  Strengthen governance
Information security
 16.4
Compliance
16.4 16.5
 Epson confirmed that its initiatives support the achievement of the 14 SDGs to the right.
                                                                          ● The figures in the table below indicate which of the 169 targets (1.1 to 17.19) under the SDGs Epson is addressing with its initiatives (as of June 2020).
ESG
Environment Social Governance

      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data Practicing Sustainable Business
68
 Commitment to the SDGs
Relationships with the SDGs
 To reach the goals stated in our Management Philosophy and be an indispensable company, Epson must identify the most critical societal issues and address them through our business activities.
Each year, we decide action items and objectives to help us work concretely on key CSR themes we have identified as issues to address. We take those initiatives and publicly disclose the results of our efforts. We also examine how each initiative might contribute to the 17 SDGs and selected the 14 SDGs below.
Note that this matrix was mapped out in June 2019 and is subject to change depending on future business developments.
The SDGs that Epson can most directly help to achieve
                             Yasunori Ogawa
 President and CEO Seiko Epson Corporation
Epson is using its original efficient, compact, and precision technologies along with open innovation initiatives as vehicles to drive innovations that will enrich the world and make it a better place. Our goals are the same as those
of the sustainable development goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations.
To realize a better world for future generations, Epson will contribute to the achievement of the SDGs by looking
hard at solutions to social issues, trying new ideas and methods to create new value, and providing surprise and delight that exceeds customer expectations.

 69
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Integrated Report 2020
 Financial Highlights
  Revenue
1,043.6
Business Profit
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent Company/ROE
¥
billion
1,024.8
2016
¥ billion
Profit for the year attributable
to owners of the parent company
%
(Bil. of yen)
1,200 1,092.4 1,000
800 600 400 200
0
2015
1,102.1
1,089.6
2018
1,043.6
2019
(Bil. of yen)
120 100 80 60 40 20
(Bil. of yen)
120
100
80
40.8
Profit for the year attributable 7.7 ROE to owners of the parent company ¥ billion
1.5
ROE
30(%) 20
10
               There was firm growth in demand for high-capacity ink tank inkjet printers, but revenue decreased year on year due to a global economic slowdown that was touched off by U.S.-China trade friction, political and economic turmoil in some regions, the advance of the yen against currencies in Latin America, and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
core competencies, but business profit decreased year on year since it was heavily impacted by a fall in revenue associated with the deteriorating external environment and negative foreign exchange effects.
Capital Expenditure
¥80.0 billion (¥71.3 billion after excluding leases)
The profit decreased year on year. In addition to a decrease in a gain on sales of fixed assets under other operating income and expense, and a loss incurred by shutdowns associated with COVID-19, it decreased due to an increase in tax expenses after analyzing potentially recoverable deferred tax assets. ROE is 1.5% as a result.
Research and Development Expense
¥49.2 billion
(FY)
20 00
45.7 48.3
2015 2016
41.8
2017
53.7
2018
7.7
1.5 0
84.9
74.7 70.4
65.8
60 40.8 40
9.5
10.1
8.3
10.2
   2017
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) Epson is investing more efficiently in future growth by tightening the focus on
2019 (FY)
 Free Cash Flow
26.1 billion 113.0
■■ Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ■■ Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
  ¥
Free cash flow
(Bil. of yen) 100 50 0 -50 -100
96.8 84.2
-75.7 -74.6
2016 2017
102.3
-76.1
2019
(Bil. of yen)
80
60 40 20
0
75.3
79.4
82.0
80.0
(Bil. of yen) 60 50 40 30 20 10 0
58.2
53.1 52.7 50.3 49.2
        61.4
        21.1
9.6
26.1
     -51.5
2015
76.9
-82.7
2018
(FY)
69.4
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(FY)
2018 2019 (FY)
In addition to developing the next-generation products, core technology, and
-5.7
   Free cash flow increased year on year. In addition to a reduction in inventories to generate cash, which resulted in cash flows from operating activities exceeded ¥100 billion, net cash used for investing improved due to a decrease in capital expenditure.
Capital expenditure decreased year on year. Although we continued capital spending as planned to lay a foundation for long-term growth, we only executed projects that were carefully selected by focusing more on core competencies. The figure for FY2019 includes leases.
2015 2016 2017
key devices that will drive future growth through creation of products and services that exceed customer expectations, we are working to strengthen manufacturing infrastructure and create new businesses.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
70
 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Non-Financial Highlights
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions*1
Water Use
Total Employees & Overseas Employees as a % of the Total
  486
■■ Scope 1 (Japan) ■■ Scope 2 (Japan) ■■ Scope 1 (overseas) ■■ Scope 2 (overseas) Emissions intensity relative to business profit
8,131
■■ Use in Japan ■■ Use overseas Emissions intensity relative to business profit
Total employees
75,608
74.1
Overseas employees as a % of the total
(k t-CO2e)
(k t-CO2e/100 million yen)
(k m3)
(k m3/100 million yen)
19.9 20 (People) 100,000
■■ Total employees
74.1 80(%) 75,608 60
40
1,000
800 600 400 200
1.19
486
1.2 1.0 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2
10,000
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
7,906
12.0
8,324
11.1
8,351
8,131 18
16 80,000
14
12 60,000 10
72.3
67,605
73.5
72,420
74.6
76,391
74.6
76,647
k t-CO e 2
3 km
7,717
Overseas employees as a % of the total
%
          544
0.64
0.87
571
0.79
592
0.71
502
      20 000000
21.5
18.9
54.7
20.9
18.9
54.5
9.1
11.9
8 40,000 6
4 20,000 2
  2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
In FY2019, all Epson sites drove energy-saving initiatives to make progress
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) All sites are working to conserve water.
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
There was a fluctuation of the number of employees at manufacturing sites in
    toward our SBTi-validated target of reducing scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 19% compared to FY2017 by 2025.
This, along with the use of renewable energy, enabled us to achieve a 18% reduction.
In FY2019, water use was particularly reduced at companies outside Japan. It decreased by 2.6 % from our goal of reducing year-on-year water use.
Asia. The number of employees in the Epson Group decreased as a whole.
 Diversity (Female Employees)
Employees with Disabilities in the Epson Group in Japan*2
Outside Officers as a % of Total Officers*3
  45.5
(People) 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0
Employees as a % of the total (global) % Average tenure (Seiko Epson)
■■ Men Men
■■ Women 2.62 Women
%
Employees with disabilities (%)
Legally mandated quota (%)
5
people
■■ Inside directors ■■ Outside directors
22.2 22.2 22.1
18.9 18.9 19.0
55.0
2015 2016 2017
25(%) (%) 2.6
20 2.4 2.43
2.48
2017
2.55 2.62 Epson’s target 2.50
(People)
18
15
12 12
9 6 3 0
       15 2.2
2.0
10 1.8
2.27
2015 2016
2.2
2018
11 12 12 12 5 5 5 5 5
            45.0
45.3
45.5
7
7
7
7
   To understand a diverse range of customers and meet their needs, our own diversity is important. Epson is taking action to support the advancement of more women in the workplace by, for example, increasing the number of female managers.
We set a target of 2.5% in FY2020 and are looking to expand employment opportunities.
are responsible for management oversight, advice for enhancing operational efficiency, and monitoring of conflicts of interest.
2018
2019
(FY)
2019
(FY)
2018 2019 2020 (FY) Independent outside directors must comprise at least 1/3 of the board. They
*1 Combined total scope 1 (direct emissions from the use of fuels, etc.) and scope 2 (indirect emissions from purchased energy, etc.) emissions *2 The figures for each year are as of June 1 of the year in question.
*3 The number of officers as of the end of June of each year
5 01.4
1.6
6 2016 2017
  
 71
Consolidated Financial Highlights
Statement of Income (Billions of yen)
Statement of Financial Position (Billions of yen)
Statement of Cash Flows (Billions of yen)
Financial and Management Indicators (Billions of yen・%)
Per Share Data (Yen)
Index of Stock Price (Multiples)
Sales Breakdown by Region (Billions of yen) *3
Average Exchange Rate for the Period (Yen) Number of Employees at Period End (Person)
Integrated Report 2020
 JGAAP (Consolidation)
FY2010
272.1 32.3 △ 23.6 8.7 54.3 31.8 41.1 33.7 3.7 3.7 3.2 39.0 51.25 1,347.71 20.00 25.99 0.99 Japan 345.0     367.5
 Net sales
Gross profit
Operating income (loss)
Ordinary income
Income (loss) before income taxes and minority interests
Net income (loss)
Total assets
Shareholders’equity*1 281.2     269.2
FY2009
FY2011
877.9 248.8 24.6 27.0 15.6 5.0 740.7 246.4 239.8 26.6 △ 31.5 △ 4.8 52.1 38.9 37.6 33.3 2.0 3.5 3.1 99.2 26.22 1,377.60 26.00 44.24 0.84 313.9 175.6 178.1 210.3 79.08 108.98 75,303 19,765 55,538
FY2012
851.2 234.4 21.2 17.6 △ 3.4 △ 10.0 778.5 256.7 271.8 42.9 △ 39.5 3.4 49.9 43.1 39.3 33.0 △ 4.0 2.3 2.1 - △ 56.41 1,435.20 20.00 - 0.64 266.6 200.3 175.2 209.1 83.11 107.14 68,761 18,234 50,527
985.3 259.4 18.2 13.8 △ 0.7 △ 19.7 870.0
973.6 262.9 32.7 31.1 15.3 10.2 798.2
                                            Interest-bearing liabilities*2 311.6 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 56.5 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities △ 43.2 Free cash flows 13.3 Research and development expense 68.8 Capital expenditures 25.9 Depreciation and amortization 47.3 Shareholders’equity ratio 32.3 ROE (net income (loss)/average shareholders’equity at beginning and end of year) △ 6.8 ROA (Ordinary income/average total assets at beginning and end of year) 1.6 ROS (Ordinary income (loss)/net sales) 1.4 Consolidated dividend payout ratio - Net income (loss) per share (EPS) △ 99.34 Shareholders’equity per share (BPS) 1,407.92 Cash dividends per share 10.00 Price Earnings Ratio (PER) - Price Book-value Ratio (PBR) 1.03
                                                                                                  The Americas 217.6
Europe 212.9   189.5 Asia/Oceania 209.8     217.3
199.2
             Yen/U.S. dollars 92.85
Yen/Euro 131.15   113.12 Total 77,936     74,551
85.72
               Domestic 22,602 Overseas 55,334
20,704 53,847
               *1 Shareholders’equity = total net assets - minority interests
*2 Lease obligations are included in interest-bearing liabilities.
*3 Sales (revenue) by region is based on the location of the customers.

     Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
72
 Consolidated Financial Highlights
IFRS (Consolidation)
 Statement of Income (Billions of yen)
Statement of Financial Position (Billions of yen) Statement of Cash Flows (Billions of yen)
Financial and Management Indicators (Billions of yen・%)
Per Share Data (Yen)
Index of Stock Price (Multiples)
Revenue Breakdown by Region (Billions of yen)
Average Exchange Rate for the Period (Yen) Number of Employees at Period End (Person)
FY2013
Revenue 1,008.4
FY2014 FY2015
FY2016
1,024.8 365.9 65.8 67.8 67.4 48.3 974.3 492.1 146.5 96.8 △ 75.7 21.1 52.7 75.3
43.2 50.5 10.1
6.9
6.4 43.9 45.9 136.82 1,397.40 60.00 17.13 1.68 251.3 290.9 211.9 270.5 108.38 118.79 72,420 19,175 53,245
FY2017
1,102.1 400.8 74.7 65.0 62.6 41.8 1,033.3 512.7 166.5 84.2 △ 74.6 9.6 50.3 79.4
49.4 49.6 8.3
7.4
6.8 52.2 41.7 118.78 1,455.67 62.00 15.92 1.30 250.1 320.4 233.2 298.2 110.85 129.66 76,391 19,436 56,955
FY2018
1,089.6 412.6 70.4 71.3 72.0 53.7 1,038.3 540.1 142.3 76.9 △82.7
△5.7 58.2 82.0 55.6 52.0 10.2
6.8
6.5 40.7 44.3 152.49 1,533.57 62.00 11.12 1.11 251.4 310.5 225.2 302.4 110.86 128.40 76,647 19,456 57,191
FY2019
1,043.6 362.0 40.8 39.4 39.7 7.7 1,040.9 503.7 209.6 102.3 △76.1
49.2 80.0*8 67.8 48.4 1.5
3.9
3.9 278.5 75.0 22.26 1,456.20 62.00 52.56 0.83 254.9 293.0 214.0 281.5 108.74 120.85 75,608 19,558 56,050
          Gross profit
Business profit*4
Profit from operating activities
Profit before tax
Profit for the period attributable to owners of the parent company Total assets
Equity attributable to owners of the parent company Interest-bearing liabilities
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Free cash flows
Research and development expense
Capital expenditures
362.5 90.0 79.5 77.9 84.2 908.8 362.3 220.5 114.8 △ 41.2 73.6 48.8 37.8 40.7 39.9 27.7
1,086.3 1,092.4 395.9 397.6 101.2 84.9 131.3 94.0 132.5 91.5 112.5 45.7
                                             1,006.2 941.3 494.3 467.8 185.9 141.7 108.8 113.0
                                    △ 32.7 △ 51.5 76.0 61.4 47.8 53.1 45.4 69.4 44.4 45.3 49.1 49.7 26.3 9.5
26.1
                                    Depreciation and amortization
         Equity ratio attributable to owners of the parent company
         ROE (Profit for the period attributable to owners of the parent company/Beginning and ending balance average equity attributable to owners of the parent company)
         10.4 8.9 10.6 14.2 235.35*6 1,012.83*6 50.00 6.82 1.58 Japan 280.9 The Americas 260.2 Europe 218.4
10.6 8.7 9.3 7.8 18.3 46.9 29.0 36.1 314.61*6 127.94 1,381.66*6 1,307.58 115.00 60.00*7 6.77 14.21 1.54 1.39 276.2 264.0 304.6 320.0 230.9 226.3 274.4 282.0 109.93 120.14 138.77 132.58 69,878 67,605 18,627 18,699 51,251 48,906
ROA (Business profit/Beginning and ending balance average total assets) ROS (Business profit/revenue)
Consolidated dividend payout ratio
Consolidated dividend Payout Ratio (Based on Business Profit)*5
                                    Basic earnings per share (EPS)
Equity attributable to owners of the parent company per share (BPS) Cash dividends per share
Price Earnings Ratio (PER)
Price Book-value Ratio (PBR)
                                                                        Asia/Oceania Yen/U.S. dollars Yen/Euro
Total
Overseas
248.8 100.23 134.37 73,171 18,372 54,799
                                    Domestic
                           *4 Business profit is calculated by subtracting Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses from Revenue.
*6 Basic earnings per share (EPS) and equity attributable to owners of the parent company per share (BPS) were calculated under the assumption that the shares split took effect at the beginning of the year ended March 31, 2014.
*7 Seiko Epson Corporation (the“Company”) completed the Company’s ordinary shares split with an effective date of April 1, 2015. As a result, each share of the Company’s ordinary shares was split into two shares. *8 The figure for FY2019 includes leases.
*5 Calculated based on profit after an amount equivalent to the statutory effective tax rate is deducted from business profit.
  
 73
Integrated Report 2020
Group Outline
In 1968, Epson established its first production site outside Japan, in Singapore. Today, Epson has sales and marketing sites, service sites, as well as production and R&D sites around the globe to accurately identify, and swiftly and flexibly meet the needs of customers in different regions.
North America
Epson Europe B.V.
¥213.6 billion
Africa/Middle East
Company Name Founded
Head Office Paid-in Capital
The circled figures indicate the amount of revenue from the region.
Sales Revenue by Region
Revenue (consolidated)
¥ billion 1,043.6
(FY2019)
Number of employees
Group companies
(includes parent company) Japan:18, Overseas:67
The Americas
4% 75,608 Europe
¥21.3 billion
Japan
Europe
Epson (China) Co., Ltd.
Seiko Epson Corp. Head Office Japan
Epson America, Inc.
¥192.7 billion
China
Epson Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Seiko Epson Corporation
May 18, 1942
3-3-5 Owa, Suwa-shi, Nagano, Japan ¥53,204 million
¥254.9 billion
Epson Group 75,608 (consolidated):
Parent
company: 12,813
(as of March 31, 2020)
85
27% Europe
Sales revenue by region (FY2019)
Employees by region (consolidated) (as of March 31, 2020)
¥132.5 billion
Asia/ Oceania
Sales/Service Subsidiaries and Affiliates
Regional Headquarters
Branches
South America
¥79.3 billion
Employees by Region (consolidated)
¥149.0 billion
Manufacturing Subsidiaries and Affiliates
(as of March 31, 2020)
¥
Japan
Oceania
24% Asia/ Oceania
6 7 %
26% The Americas
R&D Subsidiaries and
Affiliates
Asia/ Japan Japan
21% 1,043.6 28% billion
3%

      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Public Recognition
Inclusion in ESG Indices and Ratings
Value Creation Strategy
Value Creation Infrastructure
Fact Data
List of Notes
P.8
74
   *1 Comparison of A4 sheet printing costs between an EW-M670FT high-capacity ink tank printer and an Epson laser printer
    Selected as a Constituent of the FTSE4Good
Index Series for the 16th Consecutive Year
Seiko Epson was selected by FTSE Russell, a part of the London Stock Exchange Group, as a constituent of one of the Responsible Investment (RI) indexes in the FTSE4Good Index series for the 16th consecutive year. (June 2020) https://www.ftse.com/products/indices/FTSE4Good
Selected as a Constituent of the Sompo Sustainability Index for the Ninth Consecutive Year
Seiko Epson was selected by Sompo Asset Management Co., Ltd. (Japan), as a constituent of one of the Sompo Sustainability Index for the ninth consecutive year. (June 2020)
Selected as a Constituent of the FTSE Blossom Japan Index for the Fourth Consecutive Year
Seiko Epson was selected for inclusion in the FTSE Blossom Japan index for the fourth consecutive year. This index is one of the ESG indexes selected by the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) in July 2017. (June 2020)
Selected as Global Leader for Engaging its Supply Chain on Climate Change
Seiko Epson has been identified as a global leader for engaging with its suppliers on climate change, being awarded a position on the Supplier Engagement Leaderboard by global environmental impact non-profit CDP. (February 2020)
Selected as a Constituent of the Empowering Women Index (WIN) for the Fourth Consecutive Year
Seiko Epson was selected for inclusion in the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN) for the third consecutive year. WIN is one
of the ESG indexes selected by the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) in July 2017. (June 2020)
Received EcoVadis Platinum Rating for Overall Sustainability
Seiko Epson has been awarded a Platinum rating for overall sustainability by independent platform EcoVadis (France). Epson placed in the top one percent in the computer and peripheral equipment manufacturing industry. (October 2020)
*2 Testing was commissioned by Epson and conducted by Keypoint Intelligence. Epson selected four competitor’s models from worldwide top four best-selling vendor** in the 45-69 ppm color laser multi-function printer class. Epson WorkForce Enterprise WF-C20600 D4TW with 60 ppm. Devices were tested in default mode as per Keypoint Intelligence’s proprietary standard energy consumption test methods. Calculations were based on a weekday workload of 2 x 4 hours printing + 16 hours in sleep/standby mode, and weekend energy use of 48 hours in sleep/standby mode. A total of 69 pages of workload test pattern using DOC, XLS, PPT, HTML, PDF files and Outlook email messages were printed six times in each four-hour printing period.
** Source: IDC’s Worldwide Quarterly Hardcopy Peripherals Tracker 2020Q2, Units Share by Company
*3 Print speed of a WF-C21000 high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer. A4, landscape, single-side printing. Print speeds are measured in accordance with ISO/IEC 24734. Actual print times will vary based on system configura- tion, software, and page complexity.
*4 Some water is used to maintain humidity inside the system.
 * CO2 conversion factor of greenhouse gas emissions
- Electric power: In Japan, we use the adjusted emissions factors for the load
    P.28
serving entities (i.e., utilities) from which our sites purchase electricity, pursuant to Load Serving Entity Emission Factors announced by the Ministry of Environment and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
Overseas, we use the country emission factors listed in IEA (International Energy Agency) or from the load serving entities from which our sites purchase electricity.
- Fuel: The factors announced by the IPCC in 2006 were used for both domestic and overseas data.
- GHGs other than CO2: Equivalents were calculated based on 100-year GWP values in the Fifth Assessment Report of the IPCC.
   A Global Leader in Patent Applications
Epson is providing new customer value through the products it creates using its core technologies. Our patent portfolio is both qualitatively and quantitatively world-class in product fields such as inkjet printers and projectors, and this industry-leading intellectual property supports the creation of proprietary core technologies.
Ranking by Number of Publications of Unexamined Patent Applications in Different Product Categories
P.35
*4 Testing was commissioned by Epson and conducted by Keypoint Intelligence. Epson selected four competitor’s models from worldwide top four best-selling vendor** in the 45-69 ppm color laser multi-function printer class. Epson WorkForce Enterprise WF-C20600 D4TW with 60 ppm. Devices were tested in default mode as per Keypoint Intelligence’s proprietary standard energy consumption test methods. Calculations were based on a weekday workload of 2 x 4 hours printing + 16 hours in sleep/standby mode, and weekend energy use of 48 hours in sleep/standby mode. A total of 69 pages of workload test pattern using DOC, XLS, PPT, HTML, PDF files and Outlook email messages were printed six times in each four-hour printing period.
  Japan 1 Inkjet printers 1 Projectors 2 Robotics 1 Quartz crystal devices
United States 1 Inkjet printers 1 Projectors 2 Robotics 3 Quartz crystal devices
** Source: IDC’s Worldwide Quarterly Hardcopy Peripherals Tracker 2020Q2, Units Share by Company
  st
st
nd
st
st
st
nd
rd
*5 Print speed of a WF-C21000 high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printer. A4, landscape, single-side printing. Print speeds are measured in accordance with ISO/IEC 24734. Actual print times will vary based on system configuration, software, and page complexity.
      * 2019 ranking in number of patent applications laid open to the public (Epson research) (January 1 to December 31)

           3-3-5 Owa, Suwa, Nagano 392-8502, Japan TEL: +81-266-52-3131 https://global.epson.com
 Websites
▶ Investor Relations https://global.epson.com/IR/
▶ Epson Corporate YouTube Channel https://www.youtube.com/user/epsoncorp
▶ Social Responsibility https://global.epson.com/SR/
▶ Epson Corporate Linkedin Channel https://www.linkedin.com/company/epson/
▶ Innovation https://global.epson.com/innovation/
          EE2002
