  Strengthen Governance
Governance
Corporate Governance System
                                                 Basic ApproachTo achieve our goals, promote sustainable growth, and increase long-term corporate value, Seiko Epson Corporation (SEC) continuously improves corporate governance to ensure transparent, fair, and fast decision-making, including by ensuring that independent outside directors comprise at least one-third of the board, and by establishing committees to nominate officers and determine compensation.  Advisory Body ActivitiesInside director Outside director
● Screens director and executive officer candidates ● Deliberates director and executive officer compensation
Director in charge of human resources
Director Nomination Committee:
Director Compensation Committee:
  Met 4 times (4/2019-6/2020)
President and Representative Director
Met 5 times (4/2019-6/2020)
President and Representative Director
Director in charge of human resources
    ● Selection of president/representative director successor in 4/2020 (interviews of candidates by outside directors)
● Officer (director, executive officer, special audit & supervisory officer) selection policies, proposed candidates, and succession plans
● Bylaws regarding the chairman of the board
● Areas where there are particular expectations for directors● Director base compensation, individual bonuses, the extension of the performance-linked stock compensation plan, the performance-based coefficient, etc.
Topics
of discussion
Topics
of discussion
      Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data Strengthen Governance
Actions to Ensure Board Effectiveness
50
  Seiko Epson seeks to continuously enhance the effectiveness of its board of directors pursuant to its Corporate Governance Policy. Toward this end, Seiko Epson has been analyzing and evaluating board effectiveness annually since FY2015 based on a self-evaluation survey that all board members are asked to complete.
Evaluation process
FY2018 FY2019 (evaluation of FY 2018 effectiveness) Summary of evaluation outcomes released
2019/Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. 2020/Jan.
      Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)
All directors evaluate and comment on their own performance and on that of the board as a whole.
Questionnaire topics
Analyze & evaluate results (Apr.-May), release results (Jun.)
We analyze and release a summary of question- naire results in a Corporate Governance Report.
Implement improvements (Jul.- )
The board further increases its effectiveness by addressing selected issues.
Response to issues
The Director Nomination Committee, which is composed primarily of outside directors, discussed further enhancements to succession plans and the director appointment process, reviewed the roadmap, selected director candidates, established and implemented development plans, and reviewed the process for evaluating, narrowing down, and replacing candidates. After going through these procedures, the Company replaced the president and representative director, effective April 1, 2020. In anticipation of the replacement in the future of the current president and representative director, the Director Nomination Committee began working on a new succession plan to ensure that there is ample time for examination.
        Issues
Concrete Actions
   ❶ Board composition, functioning, and operation
■1 Improvement of succession plans (including pooling of successor candidates and creating supplementary systems) and further improvement of the process of nominating officers
■1 Improvement of succession plans and further improvement of the process of nominating officers
❷ The function of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
❸ The function and operation of advisory bodies to the board
❹ Management team evaluation, compensation, succession planning and training
■2 Clarification of the management framework (skill set) for realizing the Management Philosophy and long-term corporate vision (directors and executive officers)
❺ Dialog with shareholders
■3 Sharing the effectiveness evaluation results at board meetings, and Audit & Supervisory Committee recommendations to the board based on audit results
❻ Other
■2 Clarification of the management framework for realizing the Management Philosophy and long-term corporate vision
The Company clarified the management framework for realizing the Management Philosophy and long-term Details on P. 58 corporate vision chiefly by identifying the areas where there are particularly high expectations for directors.
* The questions below were added based on recent corporate governance trends (institutional investor interest & public sector documents).
a. Should the chairman of the board of directors and advisory bodies be an independent outside director?
* The question of having outside directors chair the board and advisory bodies is considered an issue for the future, because even with the president serving as chairman as is now the cast, issues were discussed freely and openly based on the outside directors’opinions.
■3 Sharing the effectiveness evaluation results at board meetings and sharing Audit & Supervisory Committee recommendations with the board based on audit results
 b. Are directors nominated based on megatrends and the direction in which the Company should aim?
The Company has made it standard practice to share the findings of effectiveness evaluations by the Audit & Supervisory Committee with the Board of Directors. In FY2019, the board was informed that the Audit & Supervisory Committee was found to be effective, and recommendations for improving the Company’s internal controls and governance system are being implementing based on evaluation findings.
 FY2019(evaluation of FY 2018 effectiveness)
FY2020 (evaluation of FY 2019 effectiveness)
  2020/Feb.
Mar.
Apr.
May
Summary of evaluation outcomes released
Dec. 2021/Jan.
Implement improvements (Jul.- )
Issues are now being addressed
Jun. Jul.
Concrete Actions
Aug.
Sep. Oct. Nov.
      Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)
Questionnaire topics
Analyze & evaluate results (Apr.-May), release results (Jun.)
Issues
           ❶ Board composition, functioning, and operation
❷ The function of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
❸ The function and operation of advisory bodies to the board
❹ Management team evaluation, compensation, succession planning and training
■1 Further improving the organization and disclosure of business strategy risks and opportunities
■2 Further improving the organization and disclosure of the thinking with regard to business portfolio
❻ Other
* The questions below were added based on recent corporate governance trends (institutional investor interest).
a. Are business strategy risks and opportunities discussed and disclosed?
b. Is the thinking with regard to business portfolio management discussed and disclosed?
❺ Dialog with shareholders
management

 51
Strengthen Governance
Integrated Report 2020
 Director Compensation
 Seiko Epson director compensation consists of base compensation, bonuses, and stock compensation. The compensation system is variable, with bonuses linked to performance, and if a certain level of business profit is not attained, bonuses may not be paid at all.
Non-executive officers receive base compensation only, a fixed amount, because their role is to supervise general management. They do not receive bonuses and stock compensation, which are forms of compensation that are linked to performance and share price.
Approximate Composition of Total Compensation in FY2019
Performance-Linked Stock Compensation
10%
Bonuses
24%
*1 Total compensation composition of directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members (excluding Outside Directors)
FY2019 Compensation
   Base compensation (fixed and variable)
Base compensation is paid monthly. The amount is determined based on factors such as the officer’s responsibilities and position. The variable portion of base compensation for officers with executive duties reflects the results of annual performance evaluations based on criteria set for each role. (Variable range: ±20%)
  Bonuses (variable)
Bonuses are paid annually to officers with executive duties. The amount is determined in accordance with the achievement level of the annual operating performance targets. If a certain level of business profit is not attained, bonuses may not be paid at all. Bonuses reflect the results of annual performance evaluations based on criteria set for each role. (Variable range of months for bonuses: ±1.2 months)
 Performance-Linked Stock Compensation (variable)
 Stock-based compensation system for officers with executive duties wherein Company’s shares are delivered using a trust scheme. Stock is awarded in accordance with the level of achievement level with respect to medium-term operating performance targets such as business profit, return on sales, and return on equity. (Variable range: ±20%)
Total Compensation Composition *1
Variable (FY2019 results) compensation
5% Fixed compensation 61%
Base compensation
66%
(Millions of yen)
* The base compensation for Directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (excluding Outside Directors) consists of fixed compensation and variable compensation. Variable compensation refers to the monetary compensation that reflects the results of annual performance evaluations based on criteria set according to their respective roles.
 Category
 Persons
 Fixed compensation
 Variable compensation
 Total
 Base compensation
 Bonuses
 Stock compensation
Total directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members (outside directors)
 Total directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members (outside directors)
  8 (2)
 250 (28)
 17 (-)
 85 (-)
 37 (-)
 389 (28)
 4 (3)
 81 (48)
    81 (48)
 Total
 12
 331
 17
 85
 37
 471
  * The Company has introduced an officers’shareholding association system to link compensation more closely to shareholders’value. A portion of the base compensation is discretionally allotted for the acquisition of the Company’s shares. The Company has established the criteria for shareholding by its officers based on internal regulations defined by the Board of Directors to demonstrate its commitment to and responsibilities for the management to all shareholders.
 * Upon the resolution at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of June 28, 2016, the maximum base compensation was set to at 62 million yen per month for Directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (including 10 million yen per month for Outside Directors) and at 20 million yen for Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members.
* The amount above includes bonuses to be paid to Directors in the amount of 85 million yen (amount to be paid to six Directors excluding Outside Directors and Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members), subject to the approval of the proposal concerning the payment of bonus to Directors to be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders scheduled on June 25, 2020.
* The Company introduced a performance-linked stock compensation plan (stock compensation) by employing a framework referred to as the officer compensation BIP (Board Incentive Plan) trust, for the purpose of showing its commitment to promoting sustainable growth and increasing its medium to long-term corporate value, in addition to strengthening the sense of sharing common interests with its shareholders. The stock compensation stated above represents the amount recorded based on Japanese Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (JGAAP) concerning the stock delivery points granted in the current fiscal year.
 * Stock options are not granted.

    Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Strengthen Governance
Performance-Linked Stock Compensation
Value Creation Infrastructure
Performance-Based Coefficient Formula Determination Table (FY2019-21)
Fact Data
52
 Seiko Epson introduced a transparent and fair stock compensation plan that is tied to performance to more clearly show how director compensation is tied to Seiko Epson’s share price, to heighten directors’ sense of shared interest with shareholders, and to show a commitment to increasing long-term corporate value.
 The plan is designed such that the rate of stock compensation versus base compensation ranges between 10% and 22% depending on position, while the number of shares issued depends on achievement with respect to financial indicators (e.g., mid-term business profit, ROS, and ROE targets) over a 3-year period.
Performance-based coefficient = {(business profit coefficient) + (ROS coefficient) + (ROE coefficient) + (cash flows from operating activities coefficient) + (qualitative evaluation coefficient x 2)} ÷ 6Quantitative evaluationQualitative evaluation*2Performance -based coefficientAt end of FY2021Average over the three years from FY2019 to FY2021Cumulative over the three years from FY2019 to FY2021At end of FY2021Business profitROSROEOperating CF¥116 billion or more10% or more12% or more¥390 billion or moreFar above expectations1.20x¥106 billion or more9% or more11% or more¥380 billion or moreAbove expectations1.10x¥96 billion or more8% or more10% or more¥370 billion or moreMet expectations1.00x¥86 billion or more7% or more9% or more¥360 billion or moreBelow expectations0.90xLess than ¥86 billionLess than 7%Less than 9%Less than¥360 billionFar below expectations0.80xThe performance-based coefficient from FY2016 through FY2018 was 0.90.*2 Qualitative evaluation items and method
The Director Compensation Committee qualitatively evaluates performance on the basis of things such as strategic progress toward achieving the financial targets in the Epson 25 Phase 3 Mid-Range Business Plan, the effects of currency volatility, the state of progress on ESG management (e.g., environmental assessments, CSR research rankings, Board of Directors effectiveness evaluations), and other evaluation items.
Changes since FY2016-18
● The variable range of the performance-based coefficient was expanded from 0.90x - 1.10x to 0.80x-1.20x. ● Progress on ESG management was added to the qualitative evaluation.
● Target values for the Epson 25 Phase 2 Mid-Range Business Plan were incorporated.