Improve the Quality of Products and Services
 1. We will solve problems by directly observing all of our operations and processes.
3. We will thoroughly analyze any failures, and establish procedures based on that analysis, so that mistakes are never repeated.
4. We will proactively consider our customers’ satisfaction so they will genuinely prefer purchasing Epson products and feel confident using them.
 5. We will seize the opportunity presented by customer comments and complaints to inform our decisions when designing new products.
6. We will readily report even negative information.
7. We will foster a climate in which attention is paid to even the most commonplace events.Hideki Shimada
Managing Executive Officer General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
Quality Assurance Program Organization
Epson takes an integrated approach to quality management. Major quality issues are addressed through the Quality Assurance Council, corporate-level committees and project teams. These bodies manage quality assurance activities across the Group by reporting the results of periodic review of actions and the state of quality to the president and by formulating and implementing policies for further improvements.
Collaboration, instructions & reports
Epson Group manufacturing companies
  Seiko Epson
President
 General administrative manager in charge of quality assurance
Head of quality assurance supervisory department
SEC quality assurance supervisory department
Quality Assurance Council/ committees/project teams
Solve important common issues
Instructions & reports
 Instructions & reports
 Assessments & reports
Operations divisionChief operating officer
 Head of quality assuranceManufacturing companies managed by the operations division
Head of quality assurance
Collaboration
Collaboration
Epson Group sales companies
President
 Head of quality assurance
  Customer satisfaction, enshrined in the Epson Management Philosophy, is the goal of every Epson employee. That means always offering customers around the world products and services that are safe, secure, user-friendly, surprising, and delightful. To achieve that, each Epson employee works constantly to enhance the quality of their work from a customer perspective.To support them, Epson provides a foundation for continually creating high-quality products and services. In each business area, we establish mid-range quality improvement targets and measures for achieving them.
The COVID-19 pandemic forced us to produce some of our products at alternative production sites. Although they had no experience in handling them, they were able to meet Epson’s quality standards.
     President
 
    Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
46
 Improve the Quality of Products and Services
Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy
Incorporating Customer Feedback into Product Design
Feedback from the market and the workplace is crucial for creating value for customers. When customers tell us about their experience with our products and services, we listen carefully and share the feedback with relevant departments to improve the customer satisfaction.
“We Need a Smaller Business Inkjet”
Printers equipped with high-capacity ink packs are popular with businesses because they are simple and cost-efficient̶you do not need to replace the consumables as often as you do with ink cartridge printers or laser printers. However, they take up space because ink packs are equipped on the sides of the printer. For this reason, some customers were unable to replace their laser printer with an inkjet. To solve this issue, we developed a compact design in which the ink packs are equipped underneath the printer.
Compact design
The ink packs were moved from the sides to the bottom of the printer, and a more powerful ink pump was used because of a decrease in ink draining pressure resulting from the relocation of the ink packs.
Relocating the ink pack space Earn strong trust from customers by taking innovative approaches to improving the quality of the overall product commercialization process and quickly achieving a level of quality that exceeds customer expectations.
 Following our Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy, we draw up mid-range CS & quality targets for each business area and ways to achieve them. Using these, we make quality improvements to products and services over the long-term.
A4 color multifunction printer
 CS & Quality Vision (Creating Customer Value)
Collect feedback
Customer information/resources
Create value
Create
Customer value
Share value
Printhead Paper
Printhead
Paper Ink pack
Space is saved by relocating ink packs to below the printer
Business inkjet printer
                Deliver
Products/ services
Deliver value
Customers
Produce
Ensuring consistent ink density
  