 Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Environment
    How Epson is Working for a Sustainable Society Epson was founded in 1942 in Suwa, a city nestled in the rich natural environment of Nagano Prefecture. Harmonious co-existence is our cornerstone. Even as we expanded globally, our culture of respect for the environment never wavered. In 1988 Epson became the world’s first enterprise to announce it would eliminate ozone-depleting chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) from its operations. Epson has always maintained ambitious environmental goals. Environmental Vision 2050 describes our vision of the future and, as stated in Epson’s Management Philosophy, we aim to be an indispensable company that is committed to openness, customer satisfaction and sustainability. Environmental Vision 2050 is aligned with the SDGs. We will continue to honestly address customer and societal challenges and will create unique environmental value through our business activities to help achieve the SDGs and a sustainable future.
column “Omiwatari”Ice Pressure Ridge
Environmental Vision 2050
Epson's vision is to become an indispensable company that uses its efficient, compact and precision technologies to achieve sustainability in a circular economy.
   Hideki Shimada
Managing Executive Officer General Administrative Manager, Production Planning Division
• Advance the frontiers of industry and establish recycling systems through open and unique innovation.
• Reduce the environmental impacts of our manufacturing processes, products and services.
• Contribute to international environmental initiatives.
  Climate change and global warming are greatly impacting society and Epson sees them as a serious issues. To find a solution, Epson is working proactively to improve the environmental performance of our products and lower emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) in the value chain. This is in keeping with Environmental Vision 2050 (a statement of what we hope to be in 2050) and the Epson 25 Environmental Statement (a path to the year 2025 as an intermediate step). Epson’s efficient, compact, and precision technologies are the heart of this effort.
P
P
h
ho
o
t
t
o
o
p
p
r
r
o
ov
v
i
i
d
de
ed
d
b
by
yS
S
u
u
w
wa
aC
Ci
i
t
ty
yIn addition to acting to reduce our GHG emissions and achieve our science-based targets (SBTs), we announced our support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and, in 2020, we evaluated the business impact and financial impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on our strategy. These efforts have begun to bear fruit in the form of financing for projects with environmental benefits through the issuance of green bonds and the conclusion of a committed line of credit agreement. The global tide is moving toward decarbonization and a circular economy. Epson is responding by using more renewable energy and creating products and services that can contribute to our customers’own efforts. This is how we use constant innovation to fulfill our responsibilities as a manufacturer.
A mystical, natural ice pressure ridge forms on Lake Suwa when the temperature stays below about minus 10°C for several consecutive days, causing the thickness of the ice to increase. The ice repeatedly expands and contracts as the temperature swings between day and night, pushing a ridge of ice several dozen centimeters upwards over a stretch of several kilometers. The pressure ridge is called omiwatari, a path left by a god crossing the lake according to regional folklore. Records of omiwatari dating back to 1443 show that the frequency of these ice ridges is decreasing as the average temperature of the Earth rises, serving as a concerning sign about the effects of global warming.
Lake Suwa and the local environment were the original reasons for the commitment to sustainability enshrined in Epson’s Management Philosophy. We will accelerate our efforts to tackle climate change together with the local community as they look forward to the omiwatari and Epson, whose Head Office is near the shore of Lake Suwa, aspires to contribute to the betterment of society.
Actions
  
         Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Approach Leading Up to 2050
To achieve the environmental vision by 2050, we have been setting milestone targets while working to bridge the gap needed to reach them. We seek to leverage our original efficient, compact and precision technologies to reach these milestones and reduce environmental impacts across the value chain, including through our business activities and improved product environmental performance. By offering products and services that enable new business processes, we aim to provide outstanding customer value in both economic and environmental terms.
Established Environmental Vision 2050
Second Environmental Benchmark Year Established General Environmental Action Plan
Environmental Benchmark Year CFC-Free Declaration
Established Group Environmental Policy
Global Environmental Concern
Fact Data
60
Value Creation Infrastructure
Epson 25 Corporate Vision Environmental Statement
Contribute to the development of a sustainable society by leveraging efficient, compact and precision technologies to reduce the environmental impact of products and services across their life cycles.
Environmental Vision 2050
                Scopes 1 & 2
 Scope 3*1
     Global warming
Depletion of resources
Revised Environmental Vision 2050
Societal demand
19% reduction (total)
44% reduction (emissions intensity relative to business profit)
*1 Category 1 & 11
Corporate value ESG investing Value chain TCFD
Epson’s SDGs from an environmental perspective
FY2025 GHG reduction target (vs. FY2017)
         Water and soil pollution
Climate change Paris Agreement Renewable energy Decarbonization
Resources & waste Water resources Circular economy Marine plastics

  61
Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Reducing the Environmental Impact of Business Activities
Material Balance (FY2019)
Epson consumes resources and, in the process of conducting business activities across the life cycles of its products and services, emits GHGs and other emissions to the air, land, and water. We are working to assess the environmental impacts of our business activities across the value chain in an effort to reduce our impacts. In FY2019 we reached our target as a result of various reduction actions. We will continue to provide energy- and resource-efficient products in our quest to achieve our business profit-based scope 3 emissions reduction target, which assumes growth and is linked to Epson 25 management indicators.
Integrated Report 2020
    Third-Party Verification Report
We had the Japan Quality Assurance Organization (JQA) conduct a third-party verification of our calculations of GHG emissions and report of water-related data to ensure their reliability. Our FY2019 GHG emissions (scopes 1, 2, and 3) and energy and water use data were verified as having been measured and calculated accurately, and a GHG verification report was obtained (for scope 3 categories 1 and 11).
  Epson’s Business Activities
Achievements
Water usage
-2.0
      Input
Output
-18
201,000
t
Target: -19% by FY2025
% Target value: 479 thousand t-CO2e
Scopes 1 & 2 GHG emissions
 Fuel
Electric power
Products shipped
75% 25%
 29%
Energy
71%
Scope 2 Scope 1
-2.6
  1,189,036 MWh
GHG emissions
Target: previous year or less
% Target value: 8,351 thousand m³
Renewable energy
Recycled water
486 thousand t-CO2e
 Ground water
Municipal water
137,997 1,527
Waste emissions
 9%
91%
MWh
3 thousand m
Rivers
Sewerage
Target: previous year or less % Target value: 33.3 thousand t
 16%
Other
Waste emissions
VOC emissions
Target: previous year or less Target value: 168 t
Target: -44% by FY2025
*3 Target value: 1.90 thousand t-CO2e/100 million yen
Packaging materials Products collected
33 23,000
t 7% Procurement
Use of products
t t
Increased
Water
40% 60%
8,131
Raw materials
Water discharge
   3 thousand m
6,977 thousand m3
-29
 Other
Resin
Target: previous year or less % Target value: 3.3 t
15%
41%
Activities through value chain
Waste Recycled
PRTR substance emissions VOC emissions
of raw materials
43%
Per unit of business profit*1 Environmental contribution
5.78
*1 Calculated as the ratio of scope 3 (Categories 1 and 11) GHG emissions to business profit (Unit: thousand t-CO2e/100 million yen)
Estimate of GHG emissions avoided by third parties: The emissions avoided by (1) replacing
9%
32.6 thousand t
PRTR substance emissions
  Paper
234 thousand t
11% 89%
% -15
  Electronic component
Transportation
  9%
Metal
6%
Scope 3 GHG emissions
2.3 142
19%
Capital expenditures
3,024 thousand t-CO2e
Scope 3 GHG emissions (Per unit of business profit)
 t 35%
124,000
*2
*2 laserprinterswithEpsoninkjetprinters,(2)replacingflatpaneldisplaywithEpsonlaserlight source projectors are calculated based on electricity use (flow base approach). This is different from the actual reduction amount.
t-CO2e
*3 Due to a significant decrease in business profit.

    Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Achieve Sustainability in a Circular Economy
Promoting the Use of Renewable Energy
Fact Data
Effective Uses of Resources: Pallet Reuse
62
 Epson has an SBTi-validated target of reducing scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 19% by 2025. In FY2019, we achieved an 18% reduction in GHG emissions versus the FY2017 base year through site energy-saving initiatives. A reduction of 62,000 tonnes, representing 60% of the total, was realized in part by signing long-term contracts to purchase low-carbon electricity from hydroelectric power generators mainly in Japan. We have raised the rate of renewable energy use to 12% (and 16% on an electricity basis).
In the U.K., ink cartridge manufacturer Epson Telford Ltd. (ETL) has been reusing transport pallets to reduce its waste and eliminate associated disposal costs.
ETL used to dispose of wood pallets that arrived from suppliers because ETL couldn’t reuse them in its factory, but it amended its agreement with suppliers to have them take back the pallets. Now, pallets that are in good condition are sold and damaged pallets are repaired and reused in the market.
All of the electricity used outside Japan by our production sites in the U.K. and the U.S. (Portland) and by the head office buildings of our sales companies in Europe (Germany, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, and France) is from renewable sources. In addition, preparations are under way to launch operations at a new factory in Thailand that is equipped with a 1,390 kW array of solar panels.
Use of Renewable Energy Globally
On the other hand, there was no recycling outlet in the U.K. for the pressed wood pallets (made from recycled wood materials) used for overseas shipments. So, ETL arranged with the Singapore distribution center for the return and reuse of these pallets, thus avoiding and reducing the cost of having to purchase new pallets at the distribution center.
■ Solar power system
■ Use of geothermal & solar heat ■ Low-carbon electricity
Japan
 ■ Solar power system ■ Use of solar heat China
 ■ Low-carbon electricity U.S.
  ■ Solar power system
■ Use of solar heat
■ Low-carbon electricity Philippines, Thailand, Singapore
 Type
Disposal method prior to reuse
Resource savings (annual)
Savings (annual)
Wood pallets
Recycled
64 tonnes
¥1,270,000
Pressed wood pallets
Incinerated
16 tonnes
¥380,000
 Epson will continue to reduce its GHG emissions by using the best energy available in each region and by introducing innovations in production and elsewhere.
* Onsite equipment, power purchase agreement, and/or certificate purchasing
 ■ Solar power system
■ Low-carbon electricity U.K., Germany, Italy, Spain, Netherlands, France
 ■ Low-carbon electricity Australia
Reducing CO2 emissions by using locally produced hydroelectric power Thoughts on the Expanded Use of Local Renewable Energy column
Use of CO2-Free Electricity Produced in Nagano
Epson began procuring CO2-free electricity from Chubu Electric Power Miraiz Company, Inc. in April 2020. This electricity, which is produced in Nagano Prefecture using Nagano Prefectural hydroelectric power, is used at three Epson sites in Nagano (the Head office, Hirooka, and Shiojiri). Shinshu Green Electricity, which is produced at hydroelectric power stations operated by the Nagano Prefectural Government Public Enterprise Bureau, accounts for 60% of the 100 GWh of low-carbon electricity derived from hydroelectric power stations used annually at these three sites. Epson uses this renewable electricity produced using carbon-free local resources in the development and production of products such as PrecisionCore print chips and watches.
Toru Kobayashi
Nagano Prefectural Government Public Enterprise Administrator
Nagano Prefecture declared a climate emergency in December 2019 and launched a project to expand the use of local renewable energy the following April, with the aim of becoming carbon-free. Hydroelectric power is said to have the lowest CO2 emissions. The Public Enterprise Bureau, which is involved in this project, is working toward the construction of a new hydroelectric power plant to utilize the abundant water resources of Nagano Prefecture. Epson’s procurement of hydroelectricity from the Public Enterprise Bureau through the Shinshu Green Electricity Project is a pioneering effort toward the expanded use of local renewable energy, and an effort that I hope others will emulate both inside and outside the prefecture.