 Respect Human Rights and Promote Diversity
Social
Human Resources Development
      Masayuki Kawana
Director, Executive Officer General Administrative Manager, Human Resources Division/ Health Management Office
Epson is a vertically integrated global company that works to create value that exceeds the expectations of our customers. Doing that requires respect for basic human rights. It also demands that we develop global human resources who have a shared set of values and can make prompt and accurate decisions on the ground, a culture where our diverse personnel can live up to their potential, and better workplace environments. Through initiatives like these, Epson seeks to become a company indispensable to society as called for in our Management Philosophy. We responded to the spread of COVID-19 in 2020 by imposing strict measures to ensure a safe work environment. We have continued to do everything in our power to guarantee the safety, health, and livelihood of our most precious resource, our employees, as well as their families.
Group Human Resources Development Policy
Epson develops its human resources in line with the Epson Group Human Resources Development Policy established in 1996, which designates talented people as a precious management resource and asserts that it is people that connect, support, and nurture the Epson Group. We assist employees so that they can achieve their dreams of self-fulfillment. We provide training so that our people understand their roles and what is expected of them as members of the Epson team. Training enables them to work and communicate effectively, solve problems and achieve goals, and experience personal and professional growth.
Employee Surveys
Epson has been conducting an employee survey annually since 2005 to improve the quality of relationships by creating an environment where free and constructive communication are encouraged and to foster a culture where both employees and the company can continue to grow. Survey results are reported to executive management, passed on as feedback to workplaces, and used to build stronger organizations and better workplace cultures.
Employee surveys
*1 Survey is given to regular and employees after retirement age. *2 Degree of satisfaction is defined as the percentage of
  Go to Human Resources Development Policy website for https://global.epson.com/company/epson_way/
97.4% 91.2%
details principle/human_policy.html
Develop Global Human Resources
respondents reporting scores of 3 or higher out of five levels.
*1 *2 Response rate Degree of satisfaction
 Epson runs a global business. Thus, it is critical to our management that we foster global human resources that can help us pursue the common goals of our business, each within the role of his or her Epson Group company.
The Global Incubation Seminar (GIS) is a training program in which we share Epson’s vision and values with up-and-coming leaders from Group companies around the world and empower them to put these into practice in their own organizations. We have held GIS every year since 1999, training more than 380 individuals so far. We continue holding the Global Executive Seminar (GES) for executive management and trainings for leaders supporting our global business.
GIS/GES Target Trainees
  GES GIS
President Directors Department Managers
Senior Managers Managers
* The GIS, which was scheduled for February 2020, and the GES, which was scheduled for May 2020, have been postponed due to COVID-19.
    Integrated Report 2020 Value Proposition Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Infrastructure Fact Data
64
 Respect Human Rights and Promote Diversity
Better Workplace Environments for Employees
Health and Productivity Management Initiatives
Employees are the lifeblood of the company, and we strive to
improve their health, safety, and security around the world. Seiko
Epson’s Health Management Office, created in April 2020, issued a
Health and Productivity Management Declaration that states
management’s commitment to building a strong culture of health
and productivity across the global Epson Group. In Japan, we
established Health Action 2020, a mid-range plan for promoting
better health and increasing corporate value. Initiatives focus on
workplace health and on the keys to it, the physical and mental health of employees. Polices are designed to energize individuals and organizations, build a sense of unity, and promote productivity.
In 2020, as a result of these actions, METI and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi recognized Seiko Epson under the White 500 program, large enterprise category, for the fourth consecutive year.
DiversityHealth and Productivity Management Declaration
At Epson, the health of our employees is our top priority.
The company and its employees will work together to create an enjoyable and dynamic workplace environment to ensure the physical and mental wellness of all. Our goal is to energize all employees with a vital workplace, produce results that surprise and delight the world, and make the world a better place.
Yasunori Ogawa
 President and CEO Seiko Epson Corporation   Respecting Human Rights
Epson is serious about keeping all forms of discrimination and unfair practices out of its operations around the world. This stance is reflected in our participation in the United Nations Global Compact. Also, the Group’s policies regarding human rights and labor standards articulate Epson’s strong convictions in areas including respect for human rights, elimination of harassment, eradication of all forms of discrimination, respect for local culture and customs, prohibition of child and forced labor, and maintenance of positive labor-management relations. These attitudes are widely disseminat- ed and practiced throughout the Group.
Work Reform
Epson defines its work goals and work culture. Since FY2017, we have been comprehensively reforming the way we work through our WILL BE program. It sets targets for working hours in the medium term, among others. Objectives include preparing the work environment, raising labor productivity, making use of diverse personnel, and managing health.
Epson’s true customers are end-users the world over. To enrich their lives, we have to understand them and meet their needs.
To achieve this, our own diversity is important. We believe that only with a diverse workforce of people who have respect for one another and who know and practice what is important can we create customer value. To deliver results that surprise and delight our customers, Epson promotes female managerial staff and foreign nationals, fostering a corporate culture that enables diverse personnel to display their abilities to the fullest.
Promoting DiversityAdvancement of Women
(as of March 20, 2020)
Average tenure
   Number of female managers
23 persons / 3%
Percentage of female employees
16%
20.9
Women Men
years 18.9 years
  Go to website for details
Epson’s work goals and work culture https://global.epson.com/SR/our_people/pdf/workplace_01.pdf
  Annual total working hours per employee
FY2018 results FY2019 results 1,943 hours 1,879 hours
  Number of employees (as of June 1, 2019) with disabilities
Seiko Epson, domestic Group
308 persons / 2.62%