33
Integrated Report 2020
       Inkjet Innovation
Inkjet Innovation
      Vision
Refine Micro Piezo technology, and expand into high-productivity segments. Improve environmental performance and create a sustainable printing ecosystem.
  Koichi Kubota
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer,
Printing Solutions Operations Division
Value Creation
Reduce costs, time, and trouble in printing, and create new possibilities for digital printing.
Mitigate environmental impacts and risks caused by the use of resources, electricity, and chemicals in traditional printing.
Contribute to higher customer productivity with high-speed, high-quality prints on a range of media of various sizes.
(%) 100
0
North America
South Western ETD*1 America Europe
Color laser Monochrome laser Inkjet
Asia Japan Pacific
Home & Office Printer Market Size
approx.¥17trillion
          * 2017, per Epson research based on data from IDC and Photizo (including ink) * Width: market size (monetary value based)
*1 Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Africa
 FY2019 Review
Unit shipments of high-capacity ink tank printers increased year-on-year in both emerging and developed countries.
Shared office inkjet printer sales grew owing primarily to the capture of a major contract in Europe and the roll-out of an academic plan in Japan.
Inkjet printers did not replace laser printers at the rate anticipated.
Sales decreased due to the pandemic.
FY2020 Actions
Analyze and accelerate the execution of strategies and actions based on risks and opportunities during and after the pandemic.
Continue to strengthen the lineup of high-capacity ink tank printers and shared office printers.
Accelerate laser printer replacement by publicizing inkjet low TCO and Heat-Free Technology and by introducing sales campaigns around the globe.
Roll out global subscription services for high-capacity ink tank printers.
Launch new commercial and industrial printers in new areas.
Globally roll out the Epson Cloud Solution PORT solution platform for commercial and industrial printers.Talk about paperless offices has been around for a long time, but paper is a valuable medium for communication. So I want to enable people to feel free to print out all the information they want. Epson’s inkjet innovations are indispensable for allowing this by reducing printing costs and environmental impacts.
We are executing strategies and actions to bring this to fruition, but the COVID-19 pandemic has created difficult business conditions. Lockdowns constrained supplies and reduced demand, and B2B negotiations were discontinued or postponed. On the other hand, office and home printer demand is expanding. In China, for example, sales of high-capacity ink tank printers increased due to a rise in remote learning during prolonged school closures. In addition, widespread telecommuting in Western Europe, North America, Japan, and Australia generated higher than expected sales of ink cartridge printers and high-capacity ink tank printers, and ink consumption is on the rise. Remote working arrangements are likely here to stay, so print demand in satellite and home offices is expected to increase. We therefore see room for continued growth in this area.
We are also seeing a rise in demand for the printing of labels for medical supplies and food products in the commercial and industrial printing markets, but the short-term outlook is dim due to weak global business conditions and the suspension of capital investment. Nevertheless, we will work to enhance our product lineup and strengthen customer touch points in anticipation of future expansion of distributed printing demand.
We will continue to assess the effects of COVID-19. In the meantime, the digitalization trend will accelerate, so we will help to solve societal issues by realizing our long-term vision.