37
Integrated Report 2020
      Visual Innovation
Visual Innovation
    Vision
Refine original microdisplay and projection technologies, and create outstanding visual experiences and a natural visual communications environment for every aspect of business and lifestyles.
 Value Creation
Deliver amazing visual experiences and enrich communication through ubiqui- tous imaging.
Use high-quality images to enrich lives and enhance customer productivity.
Use realistic augmented reality (AR) to reduce environmental impacts associ- ated with travel and transport.
Global Market Share*1 (Unit Volume)
   Yasunori Yoshino
Chief Operating Officer, Visual Products Operations Division
(%) 50
40 30 20 10
0
 2015 2016
2017 2018 2019 (FY)
 Projectors are being used for a wider range of applications, but the market is shrinking with the emergence of cheap flat panel displays. Meanwhile, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in lockdowns as well as event cancellations and postponements worldwide, compounding problems for high-brightness and corporate projectors in particular. We will continue to watch the business environment and the social changes that COVID-19 brings about, adapt our strategies accordingly, and swiftly implement measures to improve profitability. The amount of time people spend looking at images is rapidly increasing. Moreover, with the advance of globalization, individuals in remote locations are now communicating naturally with one another via video.
* Source: Futuresource Consulting Ltd.
*1 Share among 500-lumen class projectors and higherFY2019 Review
We launched new laser projectors in strategic segments, including the high-brightness space and OS-equipped home projector space.
Sales decreased year on year due to the COVID-19 pandemic and lower flat panel display prices.
Our global market share exceeded 40%, and we steadily increased our market presence.
FY2020 Actions
Concentrate management resources on markets where we can capitalize on the unique value of projectors, and further increase our market presence with competitive products and services.
Drive actions to improve profitability to withstand changes in an uncertain market.
Adapt and execute strategies and actions in response to risks, opportunities, and changes in the social environment brought about by COVID-19.Moving forward, we will concentrate our management resources on areas where we can capitalize on the unique value of projectors, focusing particularly on areas of visual communication in which large-sized videos, images, and other visual information can be leveraged with the greatest effect. We will also accelerate the development of products and services that reflect new social imperatives and customer needs, such as smart glasses-based remote business support solutions.