39
Integrated Report 2020
      Wearable Innovation
Leverage our watchmaking heritage, refine leading technology, and offer a sense of status and fashion.
Wearable Innovation
    Vision
 Value Creation
State-of-the-art wearable and device technologies provide functionality and convenience.
Products of meticulous accuracy, beauty, and craftsmanship
Watch Market Size
(millions of watches)
   Junichi Watanabe
Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products Operations Division
1,500
1,000 500 0
2019 (FY) Digital quartz Mechanical
Market value of approx. ¥7 trillion
      2015 2016
Analog quartz
2017 2018
 Watches are a ¥7-trillion global market that we expect to steadily shift as the world’s population increases and as people in emerging regions become more affluent.
However, the FY2020 global watch sales and demand forecast is expected to trend sharply downward as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused inbound tourism and personal consumption to plummet. Nevertheless, it is important for us to find ways to continue to steadily secure sales, control costs, and secure profitability.
* Source of quantity data: statistics of the Japanese Clock & Watch Association * Value: Epson researchFY2019 Review
High-end watch sales were firm year-on-year, but the market for medium-range and low-end watches shrank.
Management resources were focused on priority areas and on improving production efficiency.
Sales decreased due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
FY2020 Actions
Analyze and accelerate the execution of strategies and actions based on risks and opportunities during and after the COVID-19 pandemic.
Improve the profit structure by strengthening production & sales infrastructure and by reorganizing in preparation for a market contraction caused by COVID-19.
Strengthen the Epson brand by introducing original new technology.Each watch wearer is unique, and each see value differently, so growth in this market hinges on the ability to meet widely divergent tastes.
Epson designs and manufactures a variety of movements, from mechanical to quartz to Spring Drive. Our competitiveness comes largely from our ultra-precision processing technologies, especially for analog watches, and the development capabilities that enable us to continue to provide compelling products.
By taking maximum advantage of these technological capabilities and by continuing to satisfy customers and provide indispensable value, we will further increase brand value and establish stable business infrastructure.