Contributing to development of the integrated energy infrastructure: including LNG plant, LNG terminal and gas-fired power plant
 In Asia, where the demand for energy is rising dramatically, significant advances are expected as a result of introducing LNG, which provides an optimal balance of low environmental impact, stable supply, and economic efficiency. However, this requires sophisticated management of a packaged scheme (Gas-to-Power) that covers all stages from optimal procurement to long-term, stable operations of receiving terminals and large power plants. Japan is an advanced country in terms of introduction of LNG, so other countries look to Japan to provide support. In this context, Sojitz will contribute to establishing social infrastructure that promotes both the environment and the economy by leveraging the experience it has accumulated in operating large IPP-type gas-fired power plants in the Middle East, Asia, and North America, and 50 years of experience managing integrated LNG businesses. In addition, as privatization (PPP/PFI) of public businesses and services gains momentum, we will seek to use the knowledge gained through the Gas-to-Power business to provide society with comprehensive solutions in the energy field. This could include, for instance, applying our Gas-to-Power expertise to the business of supplying natural gas as a fuel for industrial use.
Renewable Energy Business
Global LNG Demand
(Bcf/Day)
80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
0
How We Get There 2
   Others Europe Japan/Korea China
India Other Asia
                1990 2000 2010 2020
2030 2040
Note: Source: BP Energy Outlook 2018 Speedy diversification of markets and power sources to achieve decarbonization
 In future, renewable energy is likely to be the world’s most rapidly-growing power source due to fast-paced decarbonization and a reduction in solar and wind power generation costs. Sojitz will promote diversification of markets and power sources by joining onshore wind power plant businesses in Europe and other activities, in addition to its 12 domestic and three overseas solar power plants, thereby strengthening businesses that contribute to decarbonization worldwide. Moreover, the newly established Social Infrastructure Development Office will adopt an ICT field-based approach to build next-generation power systems in which renewable energy will serve as a major power source. For example, such initiatives may include making energy use more efficient using ICT. Through these activities, we will strive to build advanced social infrastructure that offer reliability, safety, and comfort.