Strategies for Sustainable Growth
Four Growth Strategies of the Medium-Term Management Plan: Timepiece Business
 Utilize strengths of the G-SHOCK brand to achieve sustainable growth
Yuichi Masuda
Senior Executive Managing Officer
Senior General Manager of Product Development Headquarters, Senior General Manager of Timepiece Business Unit, Business Strategy Headquarters
 Quantitative Goals
Net sales 171.8 billion yen 178.0 billion yen 200.0 billion yenFYE 3/2019 (Results)FYE 3/2020FYE 3/2022 Operating margin
Qualitative Goals
Sustainability Goals
20% 20% 20%
• Use robustness to expand G-metal sales in G-SHOCK market
• Expand in ASEAN and other emerging markets
• Further grow G-SHOCK as a growth driver
(aim for 3-year average growth rate exceeding 10%)
• Develop and sell G-smart
- Use robustness to establish position as de facto
standard for smartwatches
 Further expand G-SHOCKEstablish smartwatch position   20 CASIO Integrated Report 2019
• Promote user health by providing and supporting sports experiences through our watches and wrist devices
• (Environmental load reduction) Reduce use of resources in our business activities
Market Changes Driven by Rapid Expansion of Smartwatch Market
During the fiscal year ended March 2019, Timepiece Business net sales were largely unchanged year on year, increasing 1% to 171.8 billion yen. As its stable position as an unparalleled global brand, G-SHOCK continued to achieve stable growth and the fiscal year ended March 2019 was particularly firm on sales of new full metal products. As a result, net sales increased year on year to 89.5 billion yen.
On the other hand, we were also impacted by sales of analog quartz products, which faced the global contraction of the conventional analog wristwatch market. This is due to the growing global popularity of the smartwatch and technology innovation that has erased the line between smartwatches and conventional wristwatches.
The rapidly growing smartwatch market has already surpassed the period of excessive competition and the elimination of weak brands has seen major players solidify their position in the market. As functions and
Growth strategy for the Timepiece Business
applications become commodities, it has become more difficult for brands to distinguish themselves based on hardware differences. We are entering a stage in which companies use brand recognition to secure market position.
Mission of Our Medium-Term Management Plan
Since launching the Timepiece Business in 1974, Casio has changed how society views timepiece and created a new culture around timepiece. It is important that we respond to market changes today by using the brand recognition and knowledge we have cultivated over the years to disseminate a sound market presence.
During our medium-term management plan, we will use the brand recognition of the G-SHOCK product line, for which we have shipped over 100 million units worldwide, to expand the metal watch product line and develop smartwatch products. We also will accelerate expansion into emerging markets. By the fiscal year
  Use robust G-SHOCK market to create smart product line, expand sales of G-metal products, and accelerate expansion into emerging economies to achieve sustainable growth
 Set three KPI (all including BABY-G)
2. G-metal: 36.0 billion yen 3. G-smart: 10.0 billion yen
   1. G annual sales: 15 million units (12 million G-SHOCK)
   Market growth backed by increasing global health consciousness
Smartwatch market (Fitness/Running) (’18) Approx. 1 trillion yen
(’21) Approx. 2 trillion yen
10.0 billion yen G-smart
G sales ratio: 60% (including BABY-G)
36.0 billion yen
G-SHOCK 108.0 billion yen (including BG)
Plastic & carbon: 72.0 billion yen
Conventional wristwatch market (mainly metal analog)
('18) Approx. 3 to 5 trillion yen
('21) Approx. 3 to 4 trillion yen
OCEANUS EDIFICE SHEEN
FYE March 2022:
Total net sales of 200.0 billion yen
Contraction of market for analog quartz watches priced $500 and lower
     Metal
     General watches, other
CASIO Integrated Report 2019 21

  ending March 2022, we aim to increase total annual G-SHOCK sales to 12 million units and aim for metal G-SHOCK sales of 36.0 billion yen. We also aim to establish a position on the smartwatch market and are forecasting net sales of 10.0 billion yen for G-SHOCK smartwatch products.
Through the above initiatives, we will increase the ratio of sales for the highly profitable G-SHOCK to 60% and aim for Timepiece Business total net sales of 200.0 billion yen.
Business Growth Driven by
Innovative Metal Model
In the fiscal year ended March 2019, the newly launched full metal series drove sales of the G-SHOCK brand as a product that uses stainless steel and other metal materials for the outer body, which up to this point had been made from resin materials. Amid a lack of new themes to attract customers to the conventional wristwatch market, our metal models provided a new user experience by using an innovative design that allowed the tough G-SHOCK to be worn in everyday situations. Today, continuously sparking market change is a prerequisite to being chosen by users. During our medium-term management plan, we will continue to exceed market expectations by creating a vast variety of new designs for the metal series.
Technological innovation is key to creating new designs. For example, with metal materials, conventional colors such as silver and gold are common but Casio is currently challenging itself to creating a diverse range of color variations. By overcoming difficult
Plan by Genre
technical challenges such as adding color to metal, we will be able to create products with textures that are completely different compared to resin colors.
From the fiscal year ending March 2020, we will vastly expand on our line of metal products as we aim for further market growth. We forecast the ratio of G-SHOCK sales represented by metal watches will increase from 20% in the fiscal year ended March 2019 to 30% in the fiscal year ending March 2022.
Establishing Position in
the Smartwatch Market
Casio is the only watch manufacturer with experience engaging in the smartphone market. We will apply the strengths of the G-SHOCK brand to establish a firm position in the market. With certain players having already established themselves in the market, the challenge for Casio will be to promote the robustness of the G-SHOCK to capture a position as the de facto standard in the active and outdoor market. We will combine the fashion sense unique to the G-SHOCK brand with GPS and other user-friendly features to provide new experiences. By adding smart features to increase user value for conventional G-SHOCK users who demand robustness in their work and outdoor watches, we will generate demand for new and replacement purchases.
Ahead of a new sales launch in FY 2021, we are making technology investments towards making our devices more compact, faster, and requiring less power consumption. We also are enhancing software development for apps. Smart functions are the key to
Transitions in G-SHOCK Sales
   (billions of yen)
200 150 100
50 0
10.0 36.0
18.0 71.5
82.3
2019/3 (Results)
24.4
71.6 72.0
82.0 82.0
2020/3 2022/3 (Plan) (Plan)
 (units)
1,000
800 800 600
400
200
0
850
2017/3
(Results)
900
2018/3
(Results)
950
2019/3
(Results)
1,000
2020/3
(Plan)
       2016/3
(Results)
   2017/3
 G-smart
G-SHOCK, BABY-G (metal) G-SHOCK, BABY-G (plastic) G (other)
22 CASIO Integrated Report 2019

  global market expansion. In the future, we will aim to capture new users in markets for everyday use created by our metal products.
Enhancing Sales Structure for
Untapped Areas
In the Timepiece Business, areas tagged as core markets are untapped areas in emerging economies such as China, ASEAN, and India. In addition to advancing sales strategies customized to the level of market development in each country, we will strengthen relations with partner dealers to aim for business expansion. We also will strengthen head office support for local offices by establishing a Market Development Department and create multiple sales channels by engaging in both e-commerce and digital marketing as we establish a strategic sales structure.
For promotions, we will focus on establishing the G-SHOCK global brand feel in storefront presentations. We will use storefront displays that fully feature metal products to convey to consumers that G-SHOCK has changed and create new topics. We will take successful case studies from China, a market that continues to record annual growth, and other markets and apply them towards other core markets.
We recently signed global partnership contracts with pro basketball player Rui Hachimura, who will serve as a G-SHOCK ambassador. Moving forward, Hachimura will use social media and other formats to disseminate information to young audiences as part of our initiative to strengthen the G-SHOCK brand.
Plan by Area
Contributing to Environmental Load Reductions and Improved Health
We believe that the ideal final form for a timepiece is to be something that continues to display the time properly in any environment and without the need for user interaction and that can be used forever. Put another way, this means having no need for recharging, battery replacement, or any maintenance, as well as not producing any waste products. With this ultimate form in mind, throughout all our business activities we take an environmentally friendly approach to our pursuit of low-energy, low- resource products. As part of this initiative, we are focusing on the growing problem of plastic waste in our oceans by working to reduce the use of plastic in packaging materials.
In the current smartwatches we are developing, we are using the characteristics of wearable devices to increase user value through walking and running to contribute to increasing sports opportunities. By providing smartwatches and applications used on a regular basis by consumers, we will increase the fun and joy of exercise and contribute to health improvements.
  (billions of yen)
200 150 100
50 0
2019/3 (Results)
2020/3 (Plan)
2022/3 (Plan)
Other emerging economies North America China Japan
Europe
CASIO Integrated Report 2019 23