Strategies for Sustainable Growth
Medium-Term Management Plan: Building Business Platform for Medium- to Long-Term Corporate Value Improvement
Business management thus far has been a collection of separate units that were partially optimized by product or area based on a short-term perspective. Under our new management structure, we will aim for business management that maximizes Casio’s strengths from a medium- to long-term perspective. The new executive structure is comprised of seven business units, each supervised by a business unit manager, and four functions. Through this structure, we will clarify responsibilities and shift from partial optimization to total optimization as One CASIO to promote market development and medium- to long- term improvements to our corporate value.
Medium-Term Management Plan
    Clarifying responsibilities of the seven busine
Product Development Headquarters
Business management through business units and
ss unitsProduction Headquarters
functions based on medium- to long-term perspective
Short-term perspective Medium- to long-term perspective
 Global Marketing Headquarters
One-off product development Market creation
 Back Office
Separate management on business unit level One CASIO
  Seven Business Units
The supervisor of each of the seven business units – Timepieces, Educational Computer, Language Education, Electronic Musical Instruments, Projectors, System Equipment, and the Business & Technology Development Center (new business) – will have profit goals. And by establishing new product planning and marketing functions, we will propose strategies for adapting to changes in the business environment and market needs.
Four Functions
Product Development Headquarters: Optimize manufacturing to improve development efficiency.
Production Headquarters: Centralize material procurement, optimize production centers, and adopt production automation to generate cost improvement benefits.
Global Marketing Headquarters: Improve region-specific products and sales methods to promote selection and concentration.
Back Office: Analyze cost performance to continuously reduce unnecessary costs.
  32 CASIO Integrated Report 2019
Business & Technology Development Center (new business)
System Equipment
Projectors
Electronic Musical Instruments
Language Education
Educational Computer
Timepieces
Clarifying responsibilities of the four functions
 Product Development Headquarters
Production Headquarters
Global Marketing Headquarters
Back Office
Role of Product Development Headquarters
Eliminate organizational borders and use strong alliances with relevant departments to conduct the following activities and practice a user-first approach to broaden the global Casio fanbase.
1. Develop technology and frameworks to maximize product concepts
2. Develop product performance that can secure better-than-expected customer satisfaction
3. Develop technology to achieve product strategies and aggressively engage in intellectual property activities
Role of the Production Headquarters
Dual strategy promotion of solidifying existing mother factory structure and reforming supply chain structure to integrate capital strategy, production strategy, and logistics strategy to achieve manufacturing not impacted by increases in labor expenses and to achieve growth strategies by creating new businesses and expanding existing businesses.
Role of the Global Marketing Headquarters
To thoroughly analyze the characteristics and users in global markets for each product and apply this analysis towards the sale of a wide range of Casio products. To increase sales and profits by engaging in selection and concentration to implement optimal sales strategies and ensure appropriate resource distribution for each area.
Role of Back Office
1. Support implementation of business unit strategies
2. Create management resources to promote growth
3. Promote initiatives related to improving medium- to long-term corporate
value by strengthening corporate governance and by strengthening relationships with stakeholders
Sustainability Goals (companywide)
• (Environmental load reduction) Reduce use of resources in our business activities
• (Environmental load reduction) Controlling waste
               CASIO Integrated Report 2019 33