Seeds for a Sustainable Society
                    Corporate Communications Department IR Team Keidanren Kaikan, 3-2, Otemachi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8270, Japan
Tel: 81-3-3214-2270 Fax: 81-3-3214-2272
URL: http://sfc.jp/english/
Integrated Report 2020 (Year ended March 31, 2020)
 200904FC
SUMITOMO FORESTRY CO., LTD. Integrated Report 2020
                                    Shooting location: Wakayama (Japan)
 Corporate Philosophy
The Sumitomo Forestry Group utilizes wood as a healthy and environmentally friendly natural resource to provide a diverse range of lifestyle-related services that contribute
to the realization of a sustainable and prosperous society.
All our efforts are based on Sumitomo’s Business Spirit, which places prime importance on fairness and integrity for the good of society.
Sumitomo Forestry Group Code of Conduct
Purpose and scope of application
Based on its Corporate Philosophy and Our Values, the Sumitomo Forestry Group shall manage its operations, including the supply chain, in accordance with this Code of Conduct.
Fair and transparent corporate activities
1. Strict adherence to laws and regulations 2. Prevention of corruption
3. Fair business transactions
4. Fair accounting procedures
5. Communication with stakeholders
6. Maintaining confidentiality
7. Information security
8. Relationships with companies we do business with 9. Protection of intellectual property rights
10. Protection of personal information
11. Responsible advertising/promotional efforts 12. Healthy relationship with the government
13. Stance on organized crime
14. Establishment of a whistleblowing mechanism
Ethical conduct
15. Avoidance of a conflict of interest
17. Prohibition of insider trading 18. Appropriate gift giving and entertainment 19. Prohibition of political or religious activities
Integrated Report 2020
Contents
Corporate Philosophy 01 Message from the Chairman 02 Our History 04 Value Chain 06 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 08 Message from the President 10 Value Creation Process 16 Business Outline 18 Sustainability 40 Governance 64 Financial Section 75 Sumitomo Forestry Group Overview 111 Organization Chart 114 Corporate Profile 115
Editorial Policy
Sumitomo Forestry’s Integrated Report conveys to shareholders and investors and all stakeholders information about yearly performance and medium- to long-term initiatives for corporate value enhancement. It is issued with the aim of sparking opportunities for further dialogue.
The International Integrated Reporting Framework issued by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation” formulated in
May 2017 by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry were used as references in the editing of this report.
Reporting Period
April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020 (Fiscal 2019)
* The report also includes some activities from outside the reporting period.
Scope of Reporting
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. and Group companies
Regarding Change of Fiscal Term
The Sumitomo Forestry Group is changing
the end of its fiscal year from March 31 to December 31, beginning after the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020. As a result of this change, fiscal 2020 refers to the irregular nine- month fiscal period that starts on April 1, 2020 and ends on December 31, 2020.
      Our Values
・We provide high-quality products and services that bring joy to our customers. ・We create new businesses that lead to happiness for generations to come with a
fresh perspective.
・We promote a free and open-minded corporate culture that respects diversity. ・We set and strive to achieve ambitious goals through ongoing effort.
・We do work that wins us the trust of society with fair and honest conduct.
A respectful, healthy workplace
20. Respect for human rights
21. Prohibition of discrimination and the promotion of diversity 22. Prohibition of forced labor and child labor
23. Freedom of association and collective bargaining rights
24. Appropriate working hours and wages
25. Work/life balance 26. Occupational health and safety
27. Human resources development 28. Prohibition of harassment
29. Protection of privacy
16. Prohibition of misappropriation of company assets
  Business activities that respect society and the environment
30. Customer satisfaction and safety 31. Co-existence with the environment 32. Contribution to the local community
Sumitomo Forestry Group Code of Conduct  http://sfc.jp/english/corporate/philosophy/code.html
 
 Message from the Chairman
2 Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
 Utilizing wood to build a future in
harmony with trees
I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere condolences to those who have passed away and express our sympathies to those who have fallen ill due to COVID-19. At the same time, I extend heartfelt gratitude to the people working on the front lines in medical sites and those who are doing their utmost to maintain the foundations of society.
The global COVID-19 pandemic has not only taken many lives, but also had a considerable impact on the world economy. In recent years, massive natural disasters have struck around the world, exacerbated by climate change. It is important to ensure the sustainability of society as a whole while properly addressing such global-scale risks. Instead of only pursuing profits, companies are strongly expected to responsibly engage with all stakeholders.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group’s origins can be traced back to the opening of the Besshi Copper Mine in 1691. In those days, we managed the forests surrounding the copper mine, procuring timber for charcoal essential for copper smelting and wood used for tunnel support posts. All our efforts for nearly 330 years since then have been based on Sumitomo’s Business Spirit, which places prime importance on fairness and integrity for the good of society. Back in 1894, before ESG was a concept, the Sumitomo Forestry Group came up with the Large-Scale Reforestation Plan to restore forests that had been damaged by smoke pollution from the copper smelting. In this way, harmony with the public benefit has been in our DNA for generations.
As a renewable resource, trees absorb and stabilize carbon dioxide. Forests serve a function for the public benefit by preserving biodiversity, cultivating water sources, protecting the soil and preventing damage from landslides. Trees and forests will play an even more important role in our futures, which are threatened by ever-larger natural disasters.
Since its founding, while keeping abreast of the changes of the times and fulfilling social needs, the Sumitomo Forestry Group has engaged in a broad range of businesses centered on trees, including forestry management, the distribution and production of timber and building materials, the construction of wooden homes, and wood biomass power generation. Amid growing uncertainties in the business environment, such as the COVID- 19 pandemic and large-scale natural disasters, the Sumitomo Forestry Group will continue to strongly promote businesses that utilize wood. In a post-pandemic world, we will continue to contribute to the realization of a prosperous, sustainable society.
Akira Ichikawa
 Chairman and Representative Director
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 3
 
 Our History
Drawing out the potential of trees, looking to
the future with our sustainable business model
For nearly 330 years since the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s establishment, the business area has been expanded to meet the needs of the times, and we have built the current global business structure. While keeping the corporate philosophy at the root and bringing out the possibilities of trees, we will respond to diversifying values and social changes with an aim for sustainable growth.
1986 1991
Medium-density fiberboard (MDF) production plant ramps up operations in New Zealand
Tsukuba Research Institute established
2007
Started elderly care business
2018
    2020
    1894
The Large-Scale Reforestation Plan created*
1948 Sumitomo Forestry established 1900
1955
1975 Started the custom-built detached housing business in
Japan
1977 Entry into Landscaping Business
Picture scroll depicting the Besshi Copper Mine in Iyo Province, present-day Ehime Prefecture
(Sumitomo Historical Archives Collection)
2011
Started environmental energy business
2011
2010
Started MOCCA (Timber Solutions) business
 1956 Started the timber import business
1964 Established plywood production company in Japan 1970 Established plywood production company in Indonesia
2000
2003 2008
Started housing business in the United States
Started housing business in Australia
    1691 Company founded
1800
 2018
Unveiling of W350 Plan aimed at realizing “Environmentally friendly and timber-utilizing cities”
Image courtesy of Sumitomo Forestry, Nikken Sekkei
  Origin of Sumitomo Forestry
The Sumitomo family opened the Besshi Copper Mine in present-day Niihama, Ehime Prefecture in 1691. The Sumitomo Forestry Group’s origins can be traced back to the management of the forest surrounding the copper mine. Timber for charcoal essential to copper smelting and wood used for tunnel support posts were sourced from the forest, as were building materials for the homes of the workers.
*The Large-Scale Reforestation Plan and the Beginnings of Sustainable Forestry
           4
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 5
Toho Norin Co., Ltd. and Shikoku Ringyo Co., Ltd. merged to form Sumitomo Forestry
Co., Ltd. and established a nationwide network to procure and sell domestic timber
Teigo Iba (Sumitomo Historical Archives Collection)
Mount Besshi devastated the impact of mining operations during the Meiji era (Sumitomo Historical Archives Collection)
Mount Besshi today
In the late 19th century, the forests surrounding the Besshi Copper Mine were in danger of being devastated after a long period of excessive logging and smoke pollution. The then manager of the mine, Teigo Iba, believed that “allowing this land to be degraded while moving forward with business made possible by its fruits runs counter to the proper course of our relationship with nature. We must return all the mountains of Besshi to their verdant state.” With this belief, he launched the Large-Scale Reforestation Plan in 1894 to restore the forests that had been lost. Through a process of trial and error, and by implementing large-scale planting efforts of a maximum of more than two million trees per year, the mountains were eventually returned to a state of rich greenery.
Started full-fledged real estate development business in the United States
 
   Value Chain
                    Environment and Resources P.32
・Domestic Forestry Business ・Overseas Forestation Business
        Growing trees
Upstream (forest management)
Linking society to wood
Midstream (distribution / processing)
Happiness Grows from Trees. Aiming for a Sustainable Society. The Sumitomo Forestry Group’s Value Chain Connects Trees to People.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group is building its own value chain as a wood professional. Through utilizing wood that is friendly to people and the environment, we are engaged in a diverse range of businesses, extending from forestry management in Japan and overseas to procurement, distribution, manufacturing and processing in a global network, and even providing services related to the lives of people, including housing construction.
         Lifestyle Services P.36 ・Elderly Care Business
                 Timber and
Building Materials P.20
    ・Timber and Building Materials Distribution Business
      ・Manufacturing Business
Housing and Construction P.24
・Custom-Built Detached Housing Business ・Apartments, Spec Homes Business ・Existing Homes Business
・MOCCA (Timber Solutions) Business ・Landscaping Business
                    Environment and Resources P.32
・Renewable Energy Business
Overseas Housing and
Real Estate P.28
・United States ・Australia ・Asia
     Utilizing wood in housing and living
   Downstream (consumer services)
      Environment and Resources Business
Timber and Building Materials Distribution Business
Custom-Built Detached Housing Business
Elderly Care Business
The number of rooms at private-pay elderly care facilities
    Area of Company-owned
forests (Domestic) (As of March 31, 2020)
Area of Company-owned
or managed forests overseas (As of March 31, 2020)
Approx.
48
thousand ha
Volume of sustainable timber
used as primary building material (Fiscal 2019)
Manufacturing Business
Total production volume at overseas manufacturing subsidiaries (Total of board or construction materials products) (Fiscal 2019)
1,478 1,095
The number of houses completed (Domestic) (Fiscal 2019)
7,427
1,455
Integrated Report 2020 7
Approx. thousand ha 231
(As of March 31, 2020)
thousand m3
thousand m3
units
rooms
Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business
  6
Approx. MW Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Power generation capacity (Confirmed project basis)
(As of March 31, 2020)
180
The number of units sold (U.S. and Australia) (Fiscal 2019)
10,390
units
 
 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights (For the year ended March 31, 2020)
Financial
Net Sales
Operating Income
51.4 YoY change +4.3%
Net Income per Share
153.5 YoY change -7.3 yen
ROE (Return on Equity)
% 8.8
Recurring Income
Sustainability
Sustainability Procurement Survey Implementation Rate of Suppliers of Imported Timber
100
Recycling Rate at Manufacturing Plants in Japan
% 99.0
Hours of Overtime Work
Company-Managed and Owned Forests Domestic —
Carbon Stock by Company-Owned Forests in Japan and Plantation Forests Overseas
22.63 * Carbon dioxide equivalent
      1,104.1 YoY change -15.6%
58.8 YoY change+14.4%
Dividend per Share
48 231
billion yen
billion yen
billion yen
%
Approx.
Overseas —
Approx.
* As of March 31, 2020
thousand ha thousand ha
million t-CO2
      Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
27.9 YoY change -4.5%
Equity Ratio
% 32.1
YoY change -0.7 points
40.0 YoY change ±0.0 yen
ROA (Return on Assets)
% 6.0
YoY change +0.5 points
External Recognitions
CO2 Emissions
Scope 1 (Direct emissions from the Group)
Ratio of Houses Certified as Excellent Long-Term Housing for New Custom- Built Detached Houses
% 94.4
Customer Satisfaction Regarding Custom-Built Detached Houses According to Surveys Conducted When Owners Move In
% 95.9
Application of Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition
From the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we will apply "Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition" (ASBJ Statement No. 29). From this fiscal year, primarily in the Timber and Building Materials Business, for transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, sales are displayed as a net amount instead of transaction totals. In addition, in regard to construction contracts in the Housing and Construction Business and the Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business, revenue
is recognized for all construction over a fixed period as performance obligations are fulfilled.
billion yen
yen
yen
Scope 2 (Indirect emissions through purchased power and heating)
265,192
Rate of sustainable timber and timber products handled
% 89.8
115,449
t-CO2e
t-CO2e
      Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) Indices / ESG Indices (As of July 31, 2020)
The inclusion of Sumitomo Forestry in any MSCI Index, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement or promotion of Sumitomo Forestry by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI Indexes are the exclusive property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI Index names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
YoY change -0.5 points
% reduction 30.2
*Compared to fiscal 2013 (non-consolidated)
Participation in Initiatives
                        8
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 9

   Message from the President
10 Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
 Increasing Corporate Value while Keeping Pace with the Changing Times
At the beginning of 2020, COVID-19 spread on an unimaginable scale, leading to restrictions on social and economic activity around the world. It is being said that both advanced and developing nations have entered a recession that will overshadow the financial crisis of 2008.
In addition, natural disasters such as large-scale forest fires, droughts, typhoons and floods have caused tremendous devastation around the world in the past few years. Awareness of climate change, which is thought to be the cause of those disasters, is rising. Meanwhile, concrete efforts are moving forward on both a national level and in the private sector.
Amidst such an environment, I took over the reins of management and became President in April 2020. We are facing a major turning point in the business environment, as corporate and social activities are required to adapt to a “new normal.” While that is going on, we are working to strengthen our business foundation while flexibly adapting to changing times based on cool- headed analysis of the situation and new concepts that go beyond conventional wisdom.
As a cornerstone of the Sumitomo Forestry Group, Sumitomo’s Business Spirit, which places prime importance on fairness and integrity for the good of society, has continued to guide our activities since our foundation. Management believes it is the Group’s mission to further increase corporate value based on this spirit, while clearly identifying areas to protect and areas to significantly change from a long-term perspective within a challenging business environment.
Our Response to COVID-19
The impact of COVID-19 has spread like wildfire to all corners of the globe and an end is not yet in sight, but the Sumitomo Forestry Group places the utmost priority on preventing the spread of COVID-19 among stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, as well as employees and their families, while conducting business operations.
Regarding our work systems for employees, we have expanded the scope of eligibility for working remotely, which we had already been promoting as a part of workstyle reforms, and greatly accelerated the upgrading of IT systems and work environments ahead of the initial schedule. In addition, we aim to continue operations while at the same time preventing the spread of COVID-19
by encouraging the use of systems such as staggering working hours and flextime.
Turning to the topic of materials procurement, Sumitomo Forestry is enhancing the monitoring of inventory levels and operations at manufacturing bases, including overseas suppliers. At the same time, we are improving our ability to address risks in the supply chain, such as by commencing negotiations with suppliers to decentralize their production sites.
In capital procurement, we maintain good relationships with financial institutions, diversify procurement sources, and have taken out commitment lines with multiple financial institutions as part of various measures to mitigate financing risks. And we ensure there is adequate liquidity in cash and cash equivalents, and are making preparations for strategic investments in the future.
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 11

 Progress on the Medium-Term Management Plan
Although the business environment is drastically changing, the Sumitomo Forestry Group is still determined to build an even stronger management foundation to sustain growth over the long term.
Management continues efforts to enhance shareholders’ equity, along with measures to improve cash flow and return on equity (ROE). In light of deteriorating business conditions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, improving cash flow in particular has become a higher priority.
While working to reduce current assets beginning with improvements to the inventory turnover ratio, we are more carefully scrutinizing investments targeting sustained growth.
Turning to corporate governance, in a bid to increase opportunities to gain the confidence of shareholders, Sumitomo Forestry shortened the term of directors from two years to one year and also shifted to segments that
matched the reality of the business situation. We aim
to further improve the transparency of management
by unifying the fiscal years of Group companies and facilitating the timely and accurate disclosure of business information.
We view returns to all shareholders as one of our most important management tasks at Sumitomo Forestry,
and our basic policy is to provide stable and ongoing returns. In spite of challenging business conditions,
the Company is keen to return an appropriate level of profits to shareholders based on recent profit levels and
a comprehensive evaluation of the balance between the business foundation, financial conditions and cash flow. For the nine-month fiscal period ending December 31, 2020, the Company plans to distribute a dividend of ¥30 per share in total (interim and year-end dividends), which is on a par with the ¥40 per share dividend it has paid for a full 12-month year.
Message from the President
 Sustaining Growth with a Solid Management Base
   Four Basic Policies of the 2021 Medium-Term Management Plan
1 Promote future-oriented business strategies for further growth
2 Strengthen management base for sustainable growth
3 Accelerate R&D and technological innovation utilizing timber
4 Promote further integration of business operations and
ESG (Environment, Society, Governance) initiatives
 (Unit: Billions of yen)
 Consolidated Performance
Results in fiscal 2019 (ended March 31, 2020)
Forecasts for fiscal 2020 (ending December 31, 2020)*1
Plan for fiscal 2021*1 *2
 YoY change
  YoY change
   Net sales
1,104.1
– 15.6%
777.0
–3.2%
1,260.0
 Recurring income
  58.8
  +14.4%
  24.0
  – 44.3%
  85.0
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent
 27.9
 –4.5%
 11.0
 – 51.4%
 48.0
 Recurring income excluding the effect of actuarial differences*3
 61.4
  +11.9%
 ̶
  ̶
 ̶
 *1 Due to a change in the fiscal year-end, estimates for fiscal 2020 are for the nine-month period from April to December 2020, and YoY comparisons refer to the same period in the previous fiscal year (the total for 1Q through 3Q).
Furthermore, the end of the medium-term management plan has been changed from March 2022 to December 2021. (Forecasts as of August 12, 2020)
*2 Plan is as of the time of deciding the medium-term management plan. The plan is to closely examine the business environment within and outside of Japan and disclose figures as soon as possible in the next fiscal year.
*3 Actuarial differences arise due to the accounting standard that applies to employee severance payments and company pensions. Companies adopting the standard are required to recognize in each year’s accounts any difference between estimates and actual results in terms of the amounts of retirement expense liabilities and pension fund investment returns, or else to amortize amounts over several years. The Group policy is to recognize such differences as an SG&A expense in the year they arise. As the impact of actuarial differences is hard to estimate, we do not factor it into our performance plans, including our medium-term management plan.
12
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 13
The aims of the 2021 Medium-Term Management Plan, which launched last fiscal year, are to strengthen the management foundation and promote future-oriented business strategies for further growth in order to create and nurture new businesses.
In the first year of the medium-term management plan, Sumitomo Forestry early adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” in fiscal 2019, causing a sharp decline in net sales. However, when adjusted for the ¥240 billion impact from adopting this accounting standard, net sales increased. Recurring income totaled ¥58.8 billion, reaching a record high that was much higher than the previous year, thanks to a solid performance in the U.S. housing and real estate development business. Furthermore, recurring income (excluding the effect of actuarial gains and losses) was ¥61.4 billion.
Due to a change in fiscal year-ends from March to December, fiscal 2020 will be an odd nine-month fiscal period. Compared with the same period in the cumulative third quarter of the previous year (April to December
2019), Sumitomo Forestry expects profits to decline in domestic and overseas business owing to the impact from the spread of COVID-19 in Japan and around the world. We have proactively enacted sales strategies to respond
to this “new normal,” such as enhancing our website
for product promotion, proposing floor plans suitable for working remotely and interacting with customers without in-person meetings. Impacts from a drop in domestic orders for custom-built detached housing at the start of the year and delays in finishing construction are expected to affect earnings from the second half of the current fiscal year and extend into the first half of the next fiscal year.
Regarding the plan for the year ending December 2021, which is the final year of the medium-term management plan, the initial business environment in Japan and overseas has changed significantly, and there is concern about the re-expansion of COVID-19 infections. Therefore, we will scrutinize the plan and announce it early in the next term.

 One of the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s strengths is its broad involvement in upstream to downstream operations centered on trees, from forest management through
to the production and distribution of wooden building materials, as well as the housing and construction business and renewable energy business. With the expertise which the Group has accumulated throughout our value chain, we will maximize the abilities of trees to absorb, store
and reduce carbon dioxide. This will allow us to provide customers with products and services that help curb carbon dioxide emissions and benefit all of society by reducing the burden on the environment.
In recent years, global warming has increased awareness of the risks from climate change, as well as the importance of reducing greenhouse gases as a societal challenge. In the construction sector, attention has turned to curbing “embodied carbon*” emissions in addition to the measures to improve the efficiency of energy consumed when using buildings, which has been the focus until
now. As trees grow, they absorb and store carbon dioxide. Furthermore, compared to steel or concrete, wooden materials curb carbon dioxide emissions during the
manufacturing and construction process. In this context, in addition to wooden housing, attention is being drawn to the advantages of medium- and high-rise wooden structures for non-residential applications.
After its long use as a building construction material, wood waste can be recycled into wooden boards or used as fuel in biomass power generation. In this way, timber can be easily reused in a cascading fashion. Amid concerns about the depletion of natural resources around the world, products and resources must be utilized as much
as possible, and continuously recycled and reused without degrading their inherent value. As the market expands for such a circular economy, we expect demand for timber to increase.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group will continue to evolve its circular business model centered on trees with the aim
of not only generating operating profit, but also creating such public benefit as conserving ecosystems and creating jobs. We aim to play a leading role in the transition to a circular economy for the whole of society.
To Our Stakeholders
The Sumitomo Forestry Group has boldly pursued the social responsibilities expected of it as a corporation, always keeping an eye on changes in society, carefully listening to the opinions of stakeholders, improving corporate governance, co-existing with the environment, enhancing customer satisfaction and respecting human rights and diversity.
COVID-19 outbreaks have increased uncertainties about the future to unprecedented
levels. We must develop business in line with a new society and new value systems after
the pandemic ends. Because this is such a challenging time for the world, we will uphold Sumitomo’s Business Spirit. We will contribute to solving social issues through our sustainable business models centered on trees, a renewable natural resource.
Under a new management structure, we will strive to contribute significantly to the global environment in the future as each and every employee works with pride and confidence in the Group’s ability to solve social issues. We ask for your understanding and continued support for our endeavors.
Toshiro Mitsuyoshi
Message from the President
 ESG Initiatives
ESG is an essential aspect of evaluating corporations.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group is promoting further integration of its ESG initiatives with its businesses, by incorporating specific non-financial targets in its medium- term management plans to strengthen the link between business and sustainability strategies.
In our response to climate change, we aim to achieve numerical targets set for each business segment with an eye on our long-term greenhouse gas emission reduction
target, which is certified as a Science Based Target (SBT). Sumitomo Forestry has declared its support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and is advancing efforts to enhance climate-related financial disclosure to investors by conducting scenario analysis and such. In March 2020, the Company joined and endorsed RE100, which commits to sourcing 100% of the electricity used across its operations from renewable energy by 2040, and is striving to accelerate initiatives on greenhouse gas emission reduction.
Toward Further Development of the Sumitomo Forestry Group
 * Carbon emissions associated with material extraction, manufacturing, transport, construction, and deconstruction of a building.
 14
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 15
President and Representative Director
 
 Value Creation Process
Contributing to Realization of Sustained Growth and a Prosperous Society through Business Activities Pivoting on Trees
We at the Sumitomo Forestry Group are engaged in various business activities pivoting on trees. The Sumitomo Forestry Group has accumulated technologies and expertise related to wood almost 330 years since our foundation. We use these and demonstrate our unique strengths of customer trust, a network within and outside of Japan and cultivated brand strength, and we will continue to contribute to the realization of a sustainable and prosperous society through all services related to people’s lifestyles.
    Social problems
Political / economic situation
Environmental problems
Values / lifestyles
Demographics / household trends
Housing policy
Energy problems
Regional revitalization
Value creation source〈Strengths〉
Value
Expansion of business opportunities and social contributions
Contribute to a prosperous society
Sustainable growth of Sumitomo Forestry
Value created with all of our stakeholders
(Results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020)
     Technologies and expertise related to wood
Customer trust
Solid network within and outside Japan
Cultivated brand strength
Stakeholders
Customers, Business partners, Shareholders and investors, Global environment, International and local communities, Government/supervisory authorities, Industries, NPOs/NGOs, Employees/families, etc.
 Expansion of the resources and energy business
Expansion of the elderly care business
Lifestyle Services Business
P . 3 6
P.32
Use of domestic timber
Revitalization of the forestry business
Timber and Building Materials Business
Expansion of the existing housing business
Environment and Resources Business
Sumitomo Forestry’s Value Creation
Net Sales Recurring Income ROE (Return on Equity)
Ratio of Houses Certified as Excellent Long-Term Housing for New Custom-Built Detached Houses
Sustainability Procurement Survey Implementation Rate of Suppliers of Imported Timber
1,104.1billion yen 58.8billion yen
8. 8%
94.4%
      100 99.0%
22.63
 Expansion of the overseas business
million t-CO
2
P.20
Recycling Rate at Manufacturing Plants in Japan
Carbon Stock by Company-Owned Forests in Japan and Plantation Forests Overseas*
%
   Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business
P . 2 8
Housing and Construction Business
P . 2 4
Customer Satisfaction Regarding Custom-Built Detached Houses According to Surveys Conducted When Owners Move In
95.9% * Carbon dioxide equivalent
 Increasing added value of products and
Contribution to achieving the related SDGs
  services
Promote further integration
of business operations and
ESG (Environment, Society and Governance) initiatives
Sumitomo Forestry Group’s Corporate Philosophy Our Values / Code of Conduct
             16
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 17

 Timber and Building Materials Segment
Housing and Construction Segment
Overseas Housing and Real Estate Segment
Environment and Resources Segment
Other Segment
                 Timber and
Building Materials Business
Housing and Construction Business
Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business
▶ P.20 ▶ P.24
 ▶ P.28 Environment and Resources ▶ P.32
Business
Lifestyle Services Business ▶ P.36 Composition by Segment(Year ended March 31, 2020)
2% 2%
9% 20% 33%
42%
Outside graph:
Net Sales
Inner graph:
Recurring Income
● Timber and Building Materials Segment
● Housing and Construction Segment
● Overseas Housing and Real Estate Segment
● Environment and Resources Segment
 ● Other Segment Number of Employees (As of March 31, 2020)
Japan
12,025
(Head Office Administrative Division, etc. 320)
The Sumitomo Forestry Group engages in a variety of business activities pivoting on wood. Based on its customer relationships and network within and outside of Japan, and backed by its wood-related technologies and know-how, we contributes to the realization of a sustainable and prosperous society through various lifestyle-related services. 
35%
5%
2%
    18
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 19
Business Outline
19,332
Overseas 7,307
51%

  Timber and Building Materials Segment
Timber and Building Materials Business
Business Outline
           Unloading timber products
  Representative Director
Executive Vice President and Executive Officer Divisional Manager of Timber and
Building Materials Division
Shigeru Sasabe
DATA
Number of Employees
Japan 1,571
See Initiatives towards Sustainable Procurement on page 57 for details.
As the No. 1 share company in the domestic timber and building materials distribution markets, we provide total solutions, from distribution to the manufacture and sale of timber and building materials.
Based on a global network built up over years of developing operations worldwide, the Timber and Building Materials Distribution Business sources stable supplies of high-quality timber from properly managed forests. As the No. 1 share company in the domestic timber and building materials distribution markets, Sumitomo Forestry operates a broad range of businesses, from procurement to the manufacture and distribution of timber and building materials.
The Group's manufacturing operations in Japan produce furniture and fixtures, staircases, and wooden interior fittings. Overseas, we produce wooden board products such as plywood, medium-density fiberboard (MDF) and particle board and various building materials such as flooring, furniture and kitchen cabinets. We supply them all over the world including Japan.
In the Timber and Building Materials Distribution Business, while leveraging its supply chain in sustainable timber procurement, the Company continues to concentrate efforts on increasing sales of environmentally friendly products, such as certified timber, expanding transactions in wood fuel for power generation, growing exports of domestic timber, and bolstering initiatives in the non-residential building construction market. We are also increasing the range of variations for KIKORIN-PLYWOOD, a high-quality,
Progress in Fiscal 2019
The Timber and Building Materials Distribution Business made progress strengthening collaboration with its partners by reorganizing its operational structure to more closely match that of the business models of its partners. Our aim is to secure diverse sources of earnings by building a business portfolio that does not depend on the housing market. We are concentrating efforts on expanding exports of domestic timber, increasing the handling of wood fuel for power generation, and bolstering initiatives in the non-residential
environmentally friendly plywood that the Company developed, giving customers a broader selection of products.
In the Manufacturing Business, we aim to increase profitability through the development of high- value-added products that satisfy customer needs, by enhancing marketing in conjunction with the Timber and Building Materials Distribution Business and integrating manufacturing and sales further.
building construction market. At the same time, we are working to grow sales of environmentally friendly products that use certified timber and sustainably produced plantation timber.
In the Manufacturing Business, domestic sales were solid for building materials, including wood for stairs and floors. In New Zealand, manufacturing costs rose, and sales of MDF to Japan were weak.
Initiatives towards Growth
Strengthening the Sustainable Growth Foundation by Building a Business Structure in Tune with Market Changes
      6,258
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
(Yearsended 17 March 31)
223.6
18 19 20*
Recurring Income
(Billions of yen)
4.5
(Yearsended 17 March 31)
424.4 465.2 487.1
8.6 8.0
6.1
18 19 20*
       Overseas 4,687
   * Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Sumitomo Forestry adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29). For transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, instead of the total amount, revenue is now recognized in the net amount.
20 Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 21
 ● Launch of Structure Express as Service to Assist in Structural Design for
  Builders and Pre-Cut Factories 
  −Promoting the Spread of Reliable and Safe Housing and Endeavoring to Solve Problems of Labor Shortages and Long Working Hours −
In August 2020, the Company began to offer Structure Express, a service for builders and pre-cut factories that helps them with structural design, as a new business that utilizes its know-how accumulated in the Housing and Construction Business and networks in the Timber and Building Materials Business. By automatically calculating the optimal parts and materials required to ensure performance for grade three earthquake resistance while providing structural calculation sheets, we aim to increase the number of reliable and
safe housing that are resilient to earthquakes and comply with revisions to the Licensed Architect Act related to mandates to preserve architectural blueprints. Based on the architectural drawing data for a home, the system automatically generates the structural calculations, structural framing plan, and data that links pre-cut and CAD, thereby streamlining the design work in builders and saving time in CAD work at pre-cut factories. It is also a beneficial service for all, including builders, pre-cut factories and building owners.
We will roll out promotions nationwide in a bid to turn this service into a new standard, and target 300 builders and 3,000 buildings by fiscal 2023.
 
  Business Outline
   Timber and Building Materials Distribution Business
Manufacturing Business
 Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.'s Kashima Plant
  Sumitomo Forestry Timber and Building Materials Business
Supplier
Canyon Creek Cabinet Company
   Wholesalers
 Plywood/materials manufacturers
  Hardware stores, building materials manufacturers
Precut factories
 Building / engineering stores
 Sumitomo Forestry (Housing)
 Biomass power plants
Sumitomo Forestry Housing and Construction Division
Sumitomo Forestry (Housing)
Sumitomo Forestry Timber and Building Materials Business
Building materials wholesalers Building materials retailers, raw materials handlers
Building / engineering stores
 Building materials manufacturers
       An Cuong Wood-Working JSC
●KIKORIN-PLYWOOD
KIKORIN-PLYWOOD is a JAS-compliant product made of at least 50% certified timber and sustainable plantation timber. A portion of sales are steered toward forestation programs the Group undertakes in Indonesia. KIKORIN- PLYWOOD won the EcoPro Award in 2018.
  Delivering Quality Timber and Building Materials Through Solid Relationships with Suppliers Around the World
Developing and Selling High-Value-Added Products Through Integrated Manufacturing and Sales Structure
  In recent years, Sumitomo Forestry
has concentrated on handling wood chips as fuel for biomass power
plants, demand for which is likely to expand, as well as domestically grown timber that is ready for harvesting. Furthermore, we are focusing on increasing the use of wood in non- residential building construction, by supporting the design of wooden retail stores and offices, while supplying structural wood for medium- to large- scale building construction. In overseas distribution operations, we established
a sustainable business cycle in New Zealand, spanning forestation, logging and distribution, and we also export logs from the forests we own and manage in New Zealand to markets
across Asia. From our administrative base in Singapore, we mainly focus on selling timber and building materials to countries in Southeast Asia. In Vietnam, which has huge growth potential,
we have a business alliance with An Cuong Wood-Working JSC, Vietnam’s leading manufacturing and distribution company for interior building materials.
We have put into place an integrated structure from raw material procurement to home construction.
In recent years, in the international market for wooden board products, competition has intensified as major manufacturers have expanded their facilities. As a result, the development of high-value-added products that cater to user requirements and marketing is more demanding than ever before. For this reason, the Group has integrated its overseas and domestic manufacturing operations and sales operations
of timber and building materials,
【Domestic Manufacturing Group Companies】 Japan
and organized and improved each company's production technologies and factory management methods
to ensure thorough cost reductions, and enhanced product development and marketing functions. We are also working to build a robust business base by developing personnel with high-level expertise in manufacturing technology. We will continue to build enterprise value and achieve sustainable growth over the medium and long terms.
   Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.
Manufacturing / wooden housing-related materials, housing equipment, engineering wood, stair materials, dressed lumber, synthetic resin adhesives, chemical materials
  Main Commercial Logistics Flowchart
 [Logs, timber, panels (plywood, MDF, etc.), wood chips]
[Building materials (wooden processed/metal/ concrete and ceramic), housing equipment]
【Overseas Manufacturing Group Companies】
Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.’s Kashima Plant
Vietnam
Vina Eco Board Co., Ltd.
Manufacturing / particle board
PT. Sinar Rimba Pasifik
Manufacturing / wooden building materials, wooden furniture, etc.
     New Zealand
Nelson Pine Industries Ltd.
Manufacturing / medium-density fiberboard (MDF), veneer and laminated veneer lumber (LVL)
Indonesia
PT. Kutai Timber Indonesia
Manufacturing / plywood, secondary processed plywood, processed timber products and particle board
United States
Canyon Creek Cabinet Company
Manufacturing / kitchen cabinets
PT. Rimba Partikel Indonesia
Manufacturing / particle board and melamine faced chipboard
India
Spacewood Furnishers Pvt. Ltd.
Manufacturing / kitchen cabinets, wooden building materials, wooden furniture, etc.
PT. AST Indonesia
Manufacturing / materials for musical instruments, wooden building materials and wooden furniture
             22
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 23

  Housing and Construction Segment
Housing and Construction Business
Business Outline
         The Forest BF
   Managing Executive Officer Divisional Manager of Housing and Construction Division
Ikuro Takahashi
Comfortable homes worth living in forever, with unique feeling and functionality of wood
Since it entered the Custom-Built Detached Housing Business in 1975, the Sumitomo Forestry Group has provided quality living environments by proliferating high-quality homes that last a long time. “Sumitomo Forestry Home Houses,” made from advanced construction methods while fully expressing the attractiveness and qualities of wood, is a leading brand in custom- built wooden detached homes. They have received high accolades for being gentle on the environment, and as comfortable, safe and secure homes that can be lived in for a long time.
Today, leveraging the designing and technological capabilities it accumulated in the custom-built housing business, Sumitomo Forestry has diversified its operations into the apartment business & residential property development (spec homes business), landscaping business, and existing homes business.
Over the past few years, Sumitomo Forestry has been promoting the use of wood materials in non-residential building construction fields, with the aim of expanding the new production and use of wood materials as a part of national policy.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group will continue to offer abundant lifestyles by providing high-value-added products and services while harnessing synergies in housing-related businesses.
Initiatives towards Growth
The number of new housing starts is likely to tend downward, alongside the declining population and number of households amid a falling birthrate and aging population. In addition, the business environment has become more challenging due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, new demand is emerging amid the “new normal” and values unique to mature markets. In the Housing and Construction Business, we are keen to diversify the contract work business and expand the existing homes business while keeping an eye on changes in the future.
In the Custom-Built Detached Housing Business, Sumitomo Forestry builds highly satisfactory homes for customers by proposing layouts with home office spaces and interior wood materials that only Sumitomo Forestry can offer, in addition to providing living environments that are comfortable yet strong against natural disasters, while
Progress in Fiscal 2019
In the custom-built detached housing business, we continued to bolster efforts to offer highly customized proposals to first- time buyers looking for land. We also focused on expanding orders for ZEH (net zero-energy house) specification housing. In our apartment business, we launched the Forest Maison CARRÉ apartment series featuring buildings with enhanced design and highly durable exterior materials such as roofs and outer walls.
In the renovation business, we worked to promote earthquake resistance renovations leveraging our advanced technical expertise rooted in the Group’s original seismic- resistance and seismic-vibration damper construction methods. In the spec homes business, we concentrated on expanding business in the three major metropolitan areas of Tokyo, Osaka, and Nagoya. As a result, both procurement
DATA
Number of Employees
Japan 8,853
promoting net zero-energy houses (ZEH). Furthermore,
to address serious labor shortages, we are accelerating initiatives to strengthen and streamline productivity and cut costs by reducing the number of processes with pre-cast foundations, pre-cut parts and materials, and panels.
In the existing homes business, we are building and strengthening a framework for leveraging Group-wide management resources in each business to their fullest, including renovation, real estate distribution and real estate management, in order to meet the various requests and needs of customers for selling existing housing, rebuilding housing and renovation.
Sumitomo Forestry will establish a diverse earnings base through initiatives to expand the Apartment Business and spec homes business, while promoting the use of wood in non-residential building construction fields.
and sales trends were robust.
In our MOCCA (Timber Solutions) business, we
continued to encourage the use of wood in non-residential buildings, including by completing construction of a day care center as well as a mixed-use building with office and retail space.
In May 2019, we forged a business agreement with Marui Group Co., Ltd. to comprehensively collaborate in the housing and construction business fields and invest in its subsidiary AIM CREATE Co., Ltd. By utilizing AIM CREATE Co., Ltd.’s know-how in the planning, interior design
and construction of commercial facilities to enhance our ability to propose ideas for the interior renovation of non- residential properties, we aim to further bolster our business performance.
    Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
466.3 449.2 452.8 474.0
Recurring Income 32.3 (Billions of yen)
          (Years ended 17 18 19 March 31)
20*
(Years ended March 31)
17
24.9 21.6 22.6 18 19 20*
 24 Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 25
*Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Sumitomo Forestry adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29). For transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, instead of the total amount, revenue is now recognized in the net amount.

  Business Outline
    Custom-Built Detached Housing Business
Incorporation of solar power
Landscaping Business
  Forest Maison CARRÉ apartments
Apartment Business Residential Property Development (Spec Homes Business) Business
An example of spec homes
 An example of environmental landscaping
(Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Surugadai Building (ECOM Surugadai))
   Renovation of a traditional Japanese-style house (more than 195-year-old building)
Existing Homes Business
MOCCA (Timber Solutions) Business
●ZEH (net zero-energy house)
ZEH denotes housing that combines high thermal insulation
Next-generation thermal insulation specification
Solar power generation systems
High-efficiency water heater (ENE-FARM, ECO OME ECO CUTE, etc.)
HEMS (Home Energy Management System)
High-efficiency air conditioners
Annual energy consumption
   performance and energy-saving equipment with energy-
generating equipment such as solar power systems to achieve
annual primary net energy consumption of zero or less. We have
long provided homes that are comfortable to live in throughout
the year by using wood, which is a renewable natural resource
that absorbs and stores CO2 during its growth process, as a primary structural material, and by incorporating our Ryouonbou natural heating and cooling design concept, which takes advantage of natural blessings like wind and sunlight. Along with our expertise in utilizing those unique properties of trees and nature’s bounties, we
are employing techniques to reduce energy consumption such as enhancing insulating performance and introducing energy-saving equipment as well as technology
that facilities smart energy use such as equipment that creates and stores energy and HEMS* to enhance energy efficiency in the home. In doing so, we aim to reduce household CO2 emissions.
Ryouonbou
Sumitomo Forestry Home Houses
High-efficiency lighting
0 (zero)
   * HEMS stands for Home Energy Management System. It is a system that manages energy in the home, and visualizes the amount of electricity generated and consumed.
  Start of Sumirin Denki Electricity Service for Post-FIT Owners
In November 2019, the Group began offering services as an agent for the purchase of surplus electricity from home solar power generation as well as for electricity supply for Sumitomo Forestry Home House owners whose 10-year purchase period under the renewable energy feed-in-tariff (FIT) scheme has ended (“post-FIT”). Dubbed Sumirin Denki, this service is increasing customer satisfaction while helping us to achieve our Science Based Targets (SBT) for 2030 by effectively utilizing our offices, model homes, and other locations.
Topics
Please see page 51 for more details about SBT.
  Elementary school (Higashimatsushima City, Miyagi Prefecture)
    Reducing Burden of Housing on Global Environment
harnessing the wealth of ideas and know-how that we have built up to date to make our customers’ dream homes a reality. In doing so, we focus on providing housing meeting the requests of an array of customers,
from first-time home buyers looking
to acquire the first place of their own to double-income households and married couples that are done raising their children and seeking a residence for themselves. With telecommuting on the rise due to the spread of COVID- 19, we are also making proposals for floor plans that secure space for work. Using the Internet of Things (IoT), we are developing a new service that seeks to provide rapid support to customers who have been caught up in natural disasters. In the future, this service could be applied to areas such as the smart city concept. By making housing with new value-added features more widely available in society, we will contribute to the reliability and safety of as many customers as possible.
Beautiful townscapes in harmony with nature
In the apartment business, the Group provides apartments with an appeal that only it can offer by fully utilizing
its expertise in wood, including its original construction methods that leverage its technological capabilities and specifications from the viewpoint of residents. For residential property development, the Group's spec homes operations construct quality detached houses based on the technology and knowledge accumulated in the Group’s businesses, such as the Custom-Built Detached Housing Business and the Landscaping Business. Features of these homes are that they respect regional histories, environments, and cultures, and that they are built as townscapes in harmony with nature.
In addition to the design codes of buildings that consider all aspects of housing, from location selection through to space designs, our aim is to create townscapes with a sense of unity between the homes and nature.
Home renovation with value to “sustain and utilize”
As Japan’s housing stock has risen to around 62 million homes while the number of households is roughly 54 million, the Japanese government is promoting policies
to make use of established housing and ensure the “formation of housing stock of good quality.” The Group is developing home renovation technologies to improve disaster prevention and mitigation performance, such as by enhancing seismic-reinforcement construction methods. We also conduct businesses including, resales of renovated properties, real estate brokerage, and real estate rental and management with the aim of contributing to society as an eco-friendly business toward facilitating the effective utilization of housing stock as properly evaluated, high- quality assets.
Support for charming environments
surrounded by nature
The landscaping business encompasses all aspects of “greenery,” from general housing to urban spaces and the creation of communities with an emphasis on biodiversity. In residential exterior landscaping, we offer a range of services from planning and design to the installation and maintenance of exterior and outdoor greenery in order
to enhance the value of the residence. In environmental landscaping, we can provide total support for the design, construction and maintenance of parks or office buildings and other urban spaces. We also offer landscaping consulting services for a variety of facilities, including factories and research centers.
Promoting wooden construction methods and the use of wood for medium- to large- sized buildings in non-residential fields
Interest is growing in wooden construction non-residential buildings in consideration of aspects like responding to climate change and being considerate to the environment. Using the expertise in wood that we have accumulated in various businesses, as well as our technological and design capabilities in the Housing and Construction Business, we are concentrating our efforts on expanding the MOCCA (Timber Solutions) business, which promotes wooden construction methods and the use of wood in low-rise, non- residential wooden buildings, such a children’s facilities, welfare facilities and lodging facilities. Going forward, with this business, we will continue to hand down the culture of wood while seeking to reinvigorate Japan’s forestry industry and contribute to the realization of a sustainable society where the economy is in harmony with the environment.
We construct most of our houses using either the Big-Frame (BF) construction method that uses a wooden-beam Rahmen structure or the Multi-Balance (MB) construction method, an evolved iteration of the wooden post-and-beam construction. Both approaches enable us to satisfy a variety of customer needs by allowing flexible floor plan design.
In addition, there has been a strong need for long-lasting, high-quality homes that reflect full consideration of factors such as safety, durability,
and environmental impact. In this environment, we have been promoting the widespread adoption of homes specified as ZEH (net zero-energy house) that reduce the annual energy consumption of each household.
We supply living environments that
are resilient to natural disasters and comfortable year-round.
People are thinking about housing in many more different ways than before as a result of changes
in their values and lifestyles. We are
     26
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 27

  Overseas Housing and Real Estate Segment
Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business
Business Outline
        Street view of houses sold by Gehan Homes Group (United States)
  Is diversifying revenue streams and entering into new areas, while contributing to each country’s society and regional communities
Since the launch of the housing business in the United States in 2003, the Group has actively entered into new and promising growth markets, and it is currently conducting businesses in the United States, Australia, and Asia. In these regions, it is expected that demand for housing will be solid in the long term against the backdrop of their stably growing populations. We mainly sell detached housing to the actual-demand group as the primary market. We have been conducting the real estate development business in the United States since 2018 and stabilizing and diversifying revenue streams by developing not only the detached housing business, but also other businesses over a wide region.
Housing is a business with strong local characteristics due to changing local customs and lifestyle habits. Therefore, we manage this business by utilizing to the greatest possible extent the knowledge and know-how of local partners and the product value that is tailored to the needs of each region. We also aim to create synergies and to strengthen
the competitiveness of each business by utilizing the comprehensive strength of the Group, including through joint purchases of materials and by sharing information. Further, to accommodate the diversification of housing needs in recent years, we have been enhancing our product lineup, such as to townhouses and condominiums.
Initiatives towards Growth
In the detached housing business in the United States
and Australia, we are focusing on increasing the number
of homes sold through sales activities that are based on
sales strategies tailored to each region. In the real estate development business in the United States as well, we continue to build a structure toward stabilizing revenue. Based on the organic growth of each company, the aim is to achieve stable growth by diversifying revenue streams and entering into new areas. Further, in order to grow the Asia region to be the third overseas revenue pillar after the United States and Australia, we are promoting new businesses,
Progress in Fiscal 2019
In the detached housing business in the United States,
the housing market is trending solidly in the regions that
the Group has entered into, and as a result, the number
of homes sold increased compared to the previous fiscal period. In the detached housing business in Australia, the housing market has been sluggish and the number of homes sold declined compared to the previous fiscal period. In
the real estate development business in the United States, we made steady progress in sales of multi-family housing and commercial and mixed-use facilities. In Southeast Asia as well, we made steady progress in Vietnam, Indonesia,
including real estate development projects.
Also, to mitigate real estate investment risk, we
appropriately conduct monitoring based on internal regulations, including confirming the inventory conditions of real estate for sale and the latest price trends, while we are further working to facilitate flexible responses in accordance with market conditions. From the viewpoint of growth in the future as well, through our businesses, we are aiming
to contribute to local communities, solidify the business foundation, and further grow the business scale.
and Thailand for the detached housing and condominium projects that we are currently working on.
In February 2019, the Group acquired the equity of the Scott Park Group, which conducts a detached housing business in the state of Western Australia, and thereby
we newly entered into the Western Australia area. Also,
in January 2020 we established a joint venture with our strategic partner, Kumagai Gumi Co., Ltd., to embark on a real estate development business in Jakarta, Indonesia.
   DATA
Number of Employees
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
364.9
19
399.4
20
Recurring Income
(Billions of yen) 34.5
        Director
Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Overseas Housing and Real Estate Division
Atsushi Kawamura
Japan 41
247.9
306.0
18
23.5
25.8
19 20
   28 Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 29
2,485
19.3
Overseas 2,444
  (Years ended 17 March 31)
(Years ended 17 18 March 31)
  
                  UT DE
AZ
SC : South Carolina SC DE :Delaware
TX
Business Outline
MainVue Homes Group
WA :Washington TX : Texas
WV VAMD NC
NC : North Carolina
    United States
Conducting a detached housing business and a real estate development business over a wide region, from the west coast to the east cost
Australia
In addition to newly entering into the state of Western Australia, is conducting a detached housing business across all of Australia
The Group started sales of specs homes in 2003 in Seattle, Washington, the
site of the distribution base with more than 50 years’ experience in timber and building materials. This marked our entry into the United States, the world’s largest housing market. While valuing the United States’ unique housing culture, customs, and construction methods, we have built long-term partnerships and accumulated know- how in the housing business, including through acquiring equity in leading local builders. By conducting in-depth
Crescent Communities business areas
Crescent Communities development
market research, we identified the areas in which the housing market can be expected to steadily grow based on actual demand, and we have currently expanded the areas in which we conduct the detached housing business to 11 states nationwide, including Texas and Utah and Virginia and South Carolina on the East Coast. In addition to the detached housing business, the Group is developing other businesses over a wide region, including Crescent Communities, which conducts a real estate development business, and Mark
U.S. detached housing business areas
III Properties, which conducts a land development business.
Based on the relationships
of trust with the management team
of each company, which we have established by sharing our management philosophy and business policy, we are working to improve quality and design features. Moreover, while providing living environments and communities that meet the needs of each area in the United States, we are further progressing business expansion and development.
The Group started a housing business
in Australia in 2008, and we currently conduct a custom-built housing business and a spec homes business in the states of Victoria, Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia, and Western Australia. Henley Properties Group, which is a member of our Group, has acquired an excellent reputation. This
includes it being bestowed with the Professional Major Builder Award, which is presented to the building company with the greatest comprehensive capabilities in each state. It has won three times in Victoria, been selected
in eight consecutive years since 2012
in Queensland and was selected as Australia’s No. 1 in 2020, the second
time after also winning in 2015. In Australia, in which the
population is expected to grow in the long term, the Group is offering housing that meets the needs of a wide range of groups by developing multiple brands depending on the region.
  Detached Housing Business Group Companies
MainVue Homes Group (WA/TX)
Edge Homes Group (UT)
Gehan Homes Group (TX/AZ) Bloomfield Homes Group (TX) DRB Group (MD/VA/WV/NC/SC/PA/DE)
WA
TX
Detached Housing Business Group Companies
Henley Properties Group(VIC/QLD/NSW/S
Scott Park Group(WA)
Asia
Is developing real estate including multi-family housing, commercial and mixed-use facilities, and detached housing
The Group is engaged in joint development of condominiums for sale and the detached spec homes business with local companies in Hong Kong, Vietnam, Indonesia, and Thailand. Business is being developed in all four of these markets based on actual demand alongside the regions’ medium- to long- term economic growth. Continuing on from the United States and Australia, the Group is expanding its business fields into Southeast Asia, with a view to strengthening the earnings base of the Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business.
In these regions, we are utilizing the functions and resources of local companies by developing this business through joint ventures with local companies, while at the same time, we consider that we are able to demonstrate
our strengths by utilizing our design expertise and knowledge of creating attractive interiors that are rich with
the essence of wood. We are aiming to stabilize the business foundation while capturing housing demand that is strong against the backdrop of factors including the rapidly progressing establishment
of infrastructure, population increases, and rising income levels, while we are also contributing to improving the
living environment of people in local communities.
China
Thailand
Vietnam
Edge Homes Group
UT : Utah
Gehan Homes Group
TX : Texas AZ : Arizona
Bloomfield Homes Group
TX : Texas
 Henley Properties Group
VIC : Victoria
QLD : Queensland
NSW : New South Wales SA : South Australia
 WA
QLD SA
NSW VIC
   Dan Ryan Builders Group
PA : Pennsylvania MD : Maryland WV :WestVirginia VA : Virginia
NC : North Carolina SC : South Carolina DE : Delaware
A)
     UT AZ
PA
WV VAMDE
NC SC
Wisdom Properties Group(NSW)
Scott Park Group
WA : Western Australia
 Wisdom Properties Group
NSW : New South Wales
 MainVue Homes Group
WA :Washington TX : Texas
  Bloomfield Homes Group
TX : Texas
 Gehan Homes Group
TX : Texas AZ :Arizona
 Edge Homes Group
UT : Utah
     Indonesia
  Real Estate Development Business
Crescent Communities (NC/SC/DC/
GA/TN/FL/TX/AZ/CO)
Thailand
Detached spec homes development business
Vietnam
Indonesia
Detached spec homes development business
Sumitomo Forestry
China, Hong Kong
Condominium development business
Integrated Report 2020 31
     Denver
Washington, D.C. Nashville
      Henley Properties Group
Raleigh Charlotte
    30
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
NSW VIC
Phoenix
VIC : Victoria
QLD : Queensland
NSW : New South Wales
Atlanta
Orlando Tampa
Dallas Austin
Houston
SA : South Australia
Scott Park Group
WA
SA
QLD
Condominium development business
Condominium development business
 Comprehensive development business

  Environment and Resources Segment
Environment and Resources Business
Business Outline
            Planting trees, growing forests, and utilizing them as resources. Realizing the effective use of resources and local production- consumption for energy.
Based on a “sustainable forestry” approach of planting, growing, logging, and utilizing trees, and then replanting trees, Sumitomo Forestry owns a total of approximately 48 thousand
ha of forest in Japan (approximately 1/800th of the country’s land area), for which we are conducting planned forestry management, including acquiring forestry certification from the Sustainable Green Ecosystem Council (SGEC). Overseas, we own and manage approximately 231 thousand ha in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and New Zealand, including forests
that have acquired third-party certification such as FSC®, while we are also contributing to preserving biodiversity and developing local communities. In addition, in the Renewable Energy Business, which effectively utilizes wood and other resources, we are mainly conducting a wood biomass power generation business in Japan.
Initiatives towards Growth
Currently in Japan, forests planted after WWII have
matured and reached their harvesting period, and reforms are being progressed to turn the forestry industry into a growth industry by promoting the use of wood. Securing reliable supplies of the seedlings needed for reforestation
is becoming an integral issue due to the expectation that
the use of domestic timber is promoted in tandem with advancing clear-cut logging. In the Group’s domestic
forestry business, we are aiming to improve productivity by introducing advanced forestry machinery, while at the same time, we are establishing and strengthening the seedling production system and working to realize sustainable forestry
Progress in Fiscal 2019
In the domestic forestry business, we are working to improve the efficiency of forestry management, while in January 2020, we established a seeding center in Minamiaizu, Fukushima Prefecture, our sixth such center nationwide. We also concluded partnership agreements in the forestry and wood industry fields with Nagato, Yamaguchi Prefecture in September 2019 and Nagano Prefecture in December of the same year. In such ways, we are working to progress the forest asset management business for municipalities. In the
management that is competitive internationally.
In the overseas forestation business, it is anticipated
that the amount of natural wood supplied will be further reduced by global deforestation and the strengthening
of logging restrictions in natural forests. In this situation,
we will continue to grow stably and over the long term by supplying sustainable high-quality wood from the forests we have planted, while also looking to expand the forest area.
We are also focusing even more on the Renewable Energy Business, which is attracting attention as a way to solve environmental problems, and we are accelerating the effective use of sustainable resources.
overseas forestation business, in our New Zealand forest
we are advancing operations to keep down to the greatest possible extent the loss due to the forest fire that occurred in February 2019 and its impact on the future, while we
also continue to cooperate with the government and local residents to enhance fire-prevention and fire-fighting structures. In the Renewable Energy Business, we have worked to secure the stable operations of the wood biomass power generation business.
  Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Environment and Resources Division
Akira Sekimoto
DATA
Number of Employees
Japan 113
(FSC® license code: FSC-C113957)
 32
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 33
Overseas 176
19 20*
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
19.5 19.3
Recurring Income 4.0
(Billions of yen) 3.6
      289
  19 20 *
*From FY3/20, the Environment and Resources Business was transferred from the “Other” segment.
(Years ended March 31)
(Years ended March 31)
Sumitomo Forestry Group plantation forest (Indonesia)
  ● Company-Managed and Owned Forests (As of March 31, 2020)
 Hokkaido Approx.18thousand ha
9% 22%
Kyushu Approx.9thousand ha
7% 19% 74%
15% 23%
Indonesia Approx. 164thousand ha
Papua New Guinea Approx. 31thousand ha
New Zealand Approx. 36thousand ha
    69%
5% 61%
62%
34% Honshu
 Approx.6thousand ha
 Overseas
 Approx. 231thousand ha
  Japan
 Approx. 48thousand ha
 Shikoku Approx.15thousand ha
Plantation forest Natural forest Other

  Business Outline
     Domestic Forestry Business
Commitment to “sustainable forestry” connecting trees and forests to people
Renewable Energy Business
Utilizing construction waste and forestland unused timber as an energy resource
The Group steadily promotes greater efficiency in forest management by deploying high-performance forestry machinery, such as the lumber-gathering tower yarder that facilities safer and more efficient operations in steep forests and harvester that combines
the functions of felling, collecting, and lumbering trees in a single machine. It also pursues development of the latest technologies as seen in developments of a forestry assistance suit that reduces work burden and seedling transport drones and test forestation with fast- growing tree species. The Group
has seedling cultivation centers in six locations nationwide as a production infrastructure for cedar, larch, and other seedlings. The centers seek optimization of cultivating conditions and facilitate production throughout the year with production technology that uses a
greenhouse.
The Domestic Forestry Business
is a foundation of our business that constitutes the roots of the Sumitomo Forestry Group. Using the expertise
and experience we have developed from managing the forests we own,
we are working to help revitalize local economies and the domestic forestry sector along with promoting sustainable business in the future. Initiatives include efforts to develop forest-based asset management businesses for the public and private sector.
Wood Chips for Fuel
The wood biomass power generation business, which uses chips made from construction waste, forestland unused timber*, and other materials as fuel, possesses an operational advantage
of stable access to fuel leveraging the Group’s procurement sources cultivated in the timber and building materials business and has important social significance through effective utilization of timber, curtailment of CO2 emissions, and contributions to advances in forestry
such as fostering forest environments in regional areas. The Group is promoting renewable energy business suited to local characteristics and conditions by harnessing know-how, networks, and other management resources as well
as experience in the wood biomass power generation business and aims to build operations with 300 MW of power generation (confirmed project basis), mainly in wood biomass power generation.
           34
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 35
Timberland in New Zealand
Reducing environmental burden and creating sustainable forests
Companies, etc.
Forestry assistance suit that reduces muscle load
Development of drones to improve the efficiency of seedling transport
* Refers to thinned wood and felled timber left in forests without being used because of curving or small diameter. This wood harms the forest environment when it is abandoned and causes disruptions to forest management and forestation efforts.
  Carbon neutral mechanism
Wood biomass power generation is premised on a “carbon neutral” concept of not resulting
in changes in CO2 levels. Since CO2 emitted by combustion of the wood is the CO2 in air that is absorbed by trees through photosynthesis during the growth process, the power generation does not increase CO2 in the atmosphere during the tree’s lifecycle. This concept of a carbon cycle is known as carbon neutral and curtails increase in CO2 concentration in the atmosphere.
 Larch seedlings
Overseas Forestation Business
Main flow of wood biomass power generation
 Forestland unused timber, construction waste, and other wood materials
Production of wood chips
Supply of wood chips for fuel
Biomass power generation
Electricity
Electric power company
Electricity
  Radiata pine trees planted in New Zealand grow quickly and provide stable supply. With its homogeneity and broad usability, this tree species has price competitiveness. Furthermore, the Group has built an integrated supply chain by utilizing trees obtained from these forests as raw material
in production of medium-density fiberboard (MDF) and laminated veneer lumber (LVL) in the country. The supply chain carries out sustainable forest management and industrial material production in harmony with the local society and environment.
In Indonesia, the Group has operated a large-scale forestation business in West Kalimantan since 2010 and gained recognition for its initiative to manage peatland in a way that maintains the business while curtailing
greenhouse gas emissions as “innovative high-quality peatland management.” It has also obtained favorable assessment each year for COP presentations for three consecutive years since COP23 in 2017 at the request of the Indonesian government.
In Papua New Guinea, the Group manages forests and operates clinics and markets for local areas that lack sufficient social infrastructure, thereby contributing to improvements in health and living conditions of local people.
Forestation activities to preserve forests
Conversion of forestland unused timber, construction waste, and other wood materials to chips for use as wood fuel
Biomass power generation using fuel chips
  List of Wood Biomass Power Generation Plants
  Service Areas
Start of operation
Kawasaki Biomass
Kawasaki City, Kanagawa Prefecture
February 2011
Mombetsu Biomass
Mombetsu City, Hokkaido
December 2016
Tomakomai Biomass
Tomakomai City, Hokkaido
April 2017
Hachinohe Biomass
Hachinohe City, Aomori Prefecture
April 2018
Kanda Biomass
Kyoto, Fukuoka Prefecture
                June 2021 (planned)
       The Company’s investment ratio
34%
51%
52%
41.5%
     33 MW
50 MW
20%
 Power generation capacity
6.2 MW
12.4 MW
75 MW
            Fuel
Construction waste and others (discarded pallets, pruned branches)
Forestland unused timber and others
(palm kernel shells, coal)
Forestland unused timber
Forestland unused timber and others
(palm kernel shells)
Imported wood pallets and others
(palm kernel shells, forestland unused timber)
       
  Other Segment
Lifestyle Services Business
Business Outline
        Care manager
  
● Sumirin Fill Care
Number of private-pay elderly care facilities operated 16 facilities
(As of end of July 2020)
Sumirin Fill Care Co., Ltd. operates 16 private-pay elderly care facilities, mainly in the Greater Tokyo area, under the themes of “the warmth of people and wood” and “elderly care services adopted for changing times.” With the introduction of advanced systems that use ICT and the guidance
of specialists in that field, the company is actively undertaking initiatives that use the latest technology for elderly care, such as launching the original service “Forest Life” which maintains and improves the living environment and health status of facility users.
  ● Sumirin Care Life
Gran Forest Gakugeidaigaku
  Elegano Nishinomiya
Number of private-pay elderly care facilities operated 3 facilities
Number of elderly residents that combines living support services 1 facility (As of end of July 2020)
The Group provides living assistance services that address changes in life stages from people capable of living autonomous healthy lives to those who require high-level medical assistance and operates three large-scale paid nursing homes that offer robust support capabilities through collaboration with medical entities and extensive staffing as well as seven stations that provide home care services.
In May 2020, it opened Elegano Nishinomiya (Hyogo Prefecture), the largest serviced senior housing facility in Japan with 309 rooms.
 Initiatives towards Growth
In elderly case business, the Group continuously pursues “good people, good facilities, and good services” with the aim of maintaining and improving the sociability and health capabilities of customers and lightening care burden on families and strives to raises the occupancy rate and stabilize business operations. It intends to contribute to realization of a society in which people are able to enjoy vibrant healthy lives by supporting the lives of service users and their families and delivering advanced, high-quality service through collaboration with local society.
Besides elderly care business, the Group is participating in the VISON lodging business being developed in Taki (Mie Prefecture) as a new business. This is a project jointly promoted by industry, government, and academia with goals of industrial promotion and job creation utilizing local resources and key words of food, nature, and health. The Group intends to expand business opportunities
and contribute to local revitalization by strengthening collaboration with other participant companies and government.
  Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Lifestyle Service Division
Kunihiko Takagiri
Supporting an even more fulfilling life for seniors with rich experience through the warmth of people and wood
In lifestyle services business, the Group handles business in downstream areas that support people’s lives and offers a wide range of living-related services, particularly elderly care business.
The aging rate in Japan has continued moving upward, even after it became an ultra- aged society in 2010, and reached 28.1%* in October 2018. Forecasts indicate that it will be above 30% in 2025. Response to the super-aged society, which is rapidly advancing, is one of the most important social issues for Japan.
To address these issues, the Group delivers a variety of services that utilize our know- how in creation of comfortable living spaces cultivated over many years in our housing business, mainly in provision of a reliable and safe living environment for seniors, with the aim of enabling seniors to live vibrant lives without fear, and strives to enhance the quality and quantity of such services.
The Group focuses on creation of new services that contribute to rich lives by operating elderly care facilities and day services that are rooted in local communities.
*2019 Annual Report on the Aging Society
DATA(Other Segment) Number of Employees
Japan 1,127
  Net Sales 37.0 (Billions of yen)
23.0
(Years ended 17 18 March 31)
Recurring Income 4.9 (Billions of yen)
      22.3 23.4
19 20*
2.2
0.1
1.5
    36 Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 37
* Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Sumitomo Forestry adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No.
29). For transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, instead of the total amount, revenue is now recognized in the net amount.
We also separated the Environment and Resources Business as an independent category from the Other segment in FY3/20. Net sales and recurring profit for FY3/18 and prior years are results based on the category prior to this change.
The Other segment covers elderly care business, insurance agency business related to homes, and various other service businesses. Recurring profit includes equipment-method investment income from Kumagai Gumi Co., Ltd.
(Years ended 17 March 31)
18 19 20*
 
   Column
 Using the new research building at the Tsukuba Research Institute for W350 Plan research
  Research and Development (R&D)
Promoting the W350 Plan to Changing Cities into Forests
The Group completed construction of a new research building that utilizes many advanced technologies that enhance the value of wood in October 2019 with the aim of strengthening and accelerating R&D. The beams,pillars, and walls use arawashi*1 exposed timber that has received Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) certification based on the full building evacuation safety verification method*2 and designed using the semi- fireproofing technique. It also deploys various energy-saving technologies and renewable energy facilities to realize
a zero-energy building (ZEB). Key points are significant reduction in CO2 emissions by utilizing roof solar panels and absorption water chiller-heaters fired using wood
Collaboration with Kumagai Gumi
Aiming to create new markets with innovation
The Group has been promoting collaboration with Kumagai Gumi through eight working groups in five areas since the business and capital alliance started in November 2017.
We are undertaking full-fledged initiatives. For instance, K&E (Kumagai Gumi Group) and Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech are engaged in joint pursuit of non-residential renewal and reform business, and we have launched a joint team for design and construction of mid- to large-sized wooden buildings. In greenery and civil projects, the alliance is steadily accumulating results in environmental real estate that utilize Kumagai Gumi’s construction technology and Sumitmo Forestry Landscaping's environmental landscaping know-how.
In overseas business, the two Groups established a joint venture in Singapore in January 2020 to jointly develop
pellets, validation tests for greenery technology in the roof, balconies, and exterior walls of medium- and large- scale wooden architectural structures, and assessment of a design that contributes to enhancement of intellectual productivity within office spaces.
The building accommodates up to 140 people as an office building and has been highly rated as a research center with a qualities of wood, including receipt of the 33rd Nikkei New Office Award.
*1 This method certifies safety performance for safe evacuation of all people in a building to the ground level in a pre-determined fire scenario.
*2 This design method decides the cross-section measurements of materials by factoring in the portion of wood burned in a pre-determined fire scenario.
*3 This method exposes pillars, beams, and other structural materials in a wood building.
    Structural characteristics
Wall pillars use a post-tension structure*4 that arranges thick laminated veneer lumber (LVL) in the vertical direction with a checkered pattern and has steel rods in the center. This achieves a space with the warmth of lumber.
*4 This technology enhances fixation among materials by applying tensile force to high- strength steel rods and wire ropes integrated with materials.
Fireproof verification
This is the first wood building in Japan to obtain Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) certification based on the full building evacuation safety verification method. It relaxed interior restrictions to show the wood structure of pillars and beams.
Environmental features
The building’s louver brings sunlight into the first floor’s inner courtyard in all four seasons, and natural draft provides effective ventilation using updraft in the stairwell.
Landscaping plan
The roof, balconies, and exterior walls have greenery layouts that fit the wood building. This site should contribute to R&D on greenery technologies for medium- and large- scale wooden architectural structures.
      In order to enhance the potential of trees and their added value, it will be absolutely essential to continuously develop technologies. The Tsukuba Research Institute will serve
as the driving force behind this effort. Ever since it was established in 1991, the Tsukuba Research Institute has supported the foundations of the Sumitomo Forestry Group. At present, it conducts two main types of R&D activities: (1) Corporate R&D, which seeks to create future technologies over the long term, and (2) Business-related R&D, which aims to boost earnings over the short and medium terms. The Tsukuba Research Institute is pushing ahead with these R&D activities through the seven groups listed to the right.
Materials Group
Breaking new ground for wood materials
Resources Group
Transforming the world by creating new value through forestry resources
Architecture & Housing Group Shaping the future of wood construction
Housing Technology and Product Development Center Overseeing short- and medium-term development related to housing technology
Administration Group Supports the research base
 Wood Innovation Group Increasing the value
of living spaces
Deciding and implementing R&D policy and strategy, and guiding toward the future vision
W350 Plan
Planning Group
Tsukuba Research Institute
Exterior view of the new laboratory wing of the Tsukuba Research Institute
    The W350 Plan is the Research Technology Development Concept to be completed by 2041, which will mark the 350th year since the Company’s founding. The plan includes construction of a wooden high-rise building and is intended to realize an “Environmentally friendly and timber utilizing cities”. We strive to bring about innovation that encourages a sustainable cycle for timber-utilization and forestry management, and realize a vision for Environmentally friendly and timber utilizing cities where people, trees and diverse plant and animal life can coexist with the planet.
The potential of trees is expected to provide important solutions to a host of issues we face. These issues range from the global environment to urban environments, living environments, and the mental and physical wellbeing of every individual. The Tsukuba Research Institute has produced various research achievements.
The Group, through its business activities, will return the benefits derived from these R&D achievements to individuals and society as a whole. By doing so, the Group will contribute to the realization of a sustainable and prosperous society.
real estate in Asia. The first collaborative overseas project
is development of a high-rise condominium building and commercial and mixed use complexes with a local company in Jakarta (Indonesia).
The two Groups intend to continue their efforts to create new markets with innovation that transcends their existing frameworks through collaboration.
   Overseas construction and development
Forest conservation
Large-sized wooden buildings
Research and development
Existing home renovation
 Greening/ civil engineering
Renewable energy
    Material distribution
  38
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 39
Image provided by Sumitomo Forestry / Nikken Sekkei Ltd.

                 40
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 41
Sustainability
Sumitomo Forestry Group’s Approach to Sustainability
Management ▶ P.42
Five Material Issues ▶ P.44
・Identifying Material Issues P.44 ・Medium-Term Sustainability Targets as
Part of the 2021 Medium-Term
Management Plan & ResultsComment P.46
Environment ▶ P.48 ・Environmental Management P.48
・Identification and Measures for Environmental Risk P.50
・Addressing Climate Change P.51 Social ▶ P.54
・Stakeholder Relations P.54
・Human Rights Initiatives P.56
・Initiatives towards Sustainable Procurement P.57
・Diversity P.60
・Work-Life Balance P.61
・Human Resource Development P.62
The Sumitomo Forestry Group takes an integrated approach to business and ESG initiatives. We believe our corporate value will improve as a natural outcome of fulfilling the expectations of society, as expressed in SDGs, and in ways that cannot be explained by economics alone.
        
 Sumitomo Forestry Group’s Approach to Sustainability Management
Corporate Philosophy and Sustainability Management
The Sumitomo Forestry Group operates under its Corporate Philosophy to utilize timber friendly to people and the global environment and contribute to the realization of a sustainable and prosperous society through all types of lifestyle-related services according to Sumitomo’s Business Spirit, which aims to be beneficial to society based on the principles of integrity and sound management. We have been operating based on this philosophy and engaging in sustainability management. We redefined the Sumitomo Forestry Group Code of Conduct in July 2017 so that it conforms to the requirements of society, such as recent international standards and initiatives.
We formulate various policies and guidelines according to these principles, such as our environmental, procurement and human rights policies. At the same time, we distribute guidebooks translated into English and other foreign languages in an effort to imbue these principles in each and every employee.
Through the monitoring of effectiveness and operational status by the Sustainability Committee, within the context of the Corporate Philosophy, Our Values and Code of Conduct, as well as proactive communications with stakeholders based on ISO 26000, Sumitomo Forestry will continue to engage in sustainability management with the ultimate aim of contributing to a sustainable society.
Formulation and Management of Medium-Term Sustainability Targets
In 2015, the Sumitomo Forestry Group identified five material issues and established a Medium-Term Sustainability Management Plan that specified strategies and targets for each issue. With fiscal 2020 set as the target year, each company and division within the Group has been engaged toward achieving those goals.
Interest in ESG has been higher than ever before, including moves to strengthen governance structures and to address risks related to climate change and human rights, amid technological innovation with advances in ICT and rapid changes in industry structures caused by accelerating globalization. Companies are expected to pursue growth while contributing to SDGs by solving these issues.
Affected by these changes to our business environment, we have determined that there is a need to work on promoting sustainability management to an even greater extent. In addition, the Medium-Term Sustainability Targets as part of the Sumitomo Forestry Group's 2021 Medium- Term Management Plan, which incorporates sustainability strategies and material issues, was newly formulated, and some of the five material issues were also revised.
Realization of Corporate Philosophy
Corporate Philosophy
Our Values
Code of Conduct
Sustainability
      Policies and guidelines
 Procurement Policy
 Environmental Policy
 Human Rights Policy
 Declaration on Empowering Women
 Personal Information Protection Policy
 Internal Regulations (various regulations, standards, guidelines, etc.)
  Sustainability Committee
  Material Issue
Medium-Term Sustainability Targets
 Target
Related SDGs
  1 Management forests while mitigating climate change and protecting biodiversity 2 Expanding the utilization of sustainable forest resources
3 Building sustainable supply chains
           4 Increasing environmentally conscious products and services
*including reducing greenhouse gas emissions towards creating a decarbonized society
(SBT: Scope 3)
5 Creating an environment that considers biodiversity
6 Expanding businesses that contribute to resolving social issues 7 Promoting sustainable and innovative technological development
         8 Reducing greenhouse gas emissions toward creating a decarbonized society (SBT: Scope 1 & 2 )
9 Protecting resources, reducing the generation of waste and achieving zero emissions 10 Conserving and effectively utilizing water resources
         11 Creating a work environment that generates diverse ideas, job satisfaction and vibrancy
12 Securing human resources by training younger workers and utilizing older ones 13 Reducing long work hours through work style reforms
14 Eliminating occupational injuries
   In the Medium-Term Sustainability Targets, we establish 15 qualitative targets based on contributions to achieving SDGs and on our five material issues. In addition, we specified evaluative indices (quantitative goals) for each qualitative target item, which serve as our targets for fiscal 2021.
Each Group company and department has set a “Sustainability Budget” with numerical targets set for the fiscal year and commenced initiatives toward achieving these goals.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group fully implements a PDCA cycle for the progress and achievement of each target at the Sustainability Committee convened two times a year in addition to providing reports to the Board of Directors.
Improve process
Action
Develop overall plan and systems
Plan
xecute plan
Ongoing timber and materials procurement that considers sustainability and biodiversity
The development and sale
of reliable and safe products and services that consider the environment and society
The reduction of the environmental impact of our business activities
A vibrant work environment where a diverse workforce can unharness their skills and individuality
Corporate ethics and governance structures
Dissemination of SDGs
     15 Reinforcing risk crisis and compliance structures
     42
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 43
Verify outcomes
E
Medium-Term Sustainability Targets
Check
Budget
Do
Sustainability
Board of Directors
Executive Committee
 At the Sumitomo Forestry Group, we believe that it is crucial to disseminate and foster an understanding of SDGs by each and every employee as we contribute to the SDGs through our business activities. We undertake various initiatives to improve employee awareness, such as workshops and seminars that help them connect SDGs with business. In July 2019, the Sumitomo Forestry Group held the Midori and SDGs Seminar, a collaborative event at the head office of Kumagai Gumi Co., Ltd., with which it has a business and capital relationship. Around 250 employees from both companies participated in the seminar.
As an outside activity, the Sumitomo Forestry Group is cosponsoring the Nikkei SDGs Forum, a project run by the Nikkei Group to support companies in their efforts to achieve the SDGs from fiscal 2018.
A workshop to learn about linking SDGs and business
Five Material Issues
   
 With businesses centered on wood, the Sumitomo Forestry Group promotes sustainable forest management and timber procurement both domestically and abroad. In procuring wood and timber products, we engage in management under specified numerical targets, placing it as an important theme of sustainability that encompasses environmental aspects such as climate change measures and biodiversity conservation as well as social aspects such as human rights.
With the increase in concern about forest depletion as one of the causes of climate change, demand for sustainability in procurement of timber is on the rise. Amid these circumstances, the Sumitomo Forestry Group has declared the goal of handling all of its timber and timber products to be sustainable by fiscal 2021. We have heightened our evaluation criteria for sustainable timber procurement as we work to step up our confirmation system. As we continue to contribute to solving social issues, we have defined KPIs to establish timber procurement that achieves both forest resource utilization and biodiversity conservation.

The Sumitomo Forestry Group provides a full complement of products and services related to our customers’ lifestyles, beginning with housing. While it goes without saying that we attend to customer's peace of mind and safety in providing products and services, we also believe that engaging in development and sales mindful of creating a sustainable society is a crucial role that our Group must fulfill.
One of the areas that we could contribute the most in reducing environmental impact is the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from housing. Net zero-energy houses (ZEH) and other housing measures in Japan offer guidance to promote eco-products
as well as advocate excellent long-term housing as an asset. We
have set targets for the ratio of orders we receive for ZEH and other environmentally friendly products to contribute to a sustainable society while serving customers in keeping with their needs by reducing household energy consumption through recommending houses built to ZEH specifications.

With the impact of climate change becoming increasingly problematic on a global scale, companies are being asked to reduce emission
of greenhouse gases that cause global warming and to implement energy-saving initiatives. In consideration of the environmental impact of these operations, the Sumitomo Forestry Group fully recognizes
the importance of reducing greenhouse gas emissions and taking other measures to combat climate change through the promotion of strict energy-saving activities, renewable energy use and other efforts. With a medium- to long-term perspective of the future, in 2018, we
established greenhouse gas emission reduction goals for 2030, and were certified as SBT* in July 2018. Furthermore, Sumitomo Forestry joined RE100, an international initiative that aims to achieve 100% renewable energy for electricity used in Group business activities and for fuel used to generate electric power in the power generation business by 2040. In addition, to reduce environmental burden and more effectively utilize natural resources, we are promoting the reduction, reuse and recycling of industrial waste.

The Group promotes a free and open-minded corporate culture
that respects diversity in accordance with Our Values. We are also committed to securing an appropriate balance between work and individual commitments such as caring for children and the elderly, maintaining a safe and healthy work environment, and implementing regular educational and training programs to prepare for disasters, accidents and so forth, as stipulated in the Sumitomo Forestry Group Code of Conduct established in 2017. Further, we are advancing development of a vibrant workplace where diverse human assets can be actively engaged without regard to gender, age, nationality, race, religion or disability.

With the background of globalization, diversification and expansion of our business, the Group is reviewing its philosophy structure. Sustainability management based on the Corporate Philosophy, Our Values, and Code of Conduct complies with international codes, international initiatives, and other social demands. In addition, we are working to reinforce the mechanism for managing business risk— which also encompasses Group companies—by constantly managing prioritized risks through the Risk Management Committee while strengthening the Business Continuity Management (BCM) system as a measure against disasters.

  ■ Medium-Term Sustainability Targets as Part of the 2021 Medium-Term Management Plan & Results
The Sumitomo Forestry Group is changing the end of its fiscal year from March 31 to December 31, beginning after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.
As a result of this change, fiscal 2020 refers to the irregular nine-month fiscal period that starts on April 1, 2020 and ends on December 31, 2020, and fiscal 2021 refers to the period from January 1 to December 31, 2021.
Material Issue 4 Target
A Vibrant Work Environment where a Diverse Workforce Can Unharness Their Skills and Individuality
Specific steps based on issues and strategies
Maintain and expand certified forest area
Specific steps based on issues and strategies
Promotion of women’s participation and advancement in the workplace
Expand departments using flextime and internal inspections
Average reduction rate of overtime hours compared to fiscal 2013 (%)
Average reduction rate of overtime hours compared to fiscal 2017 (%)
Consolidated in Japan
Sustainability
    Indicators for evaluation (numerical targets)
FY2019 FY2019 target results
FY2020 target
61.5
82.0 13.5
FY2021 target
Compared to FY2019
110
87.0 14.0Female employees in management positions (%)Sumitomo Forestry4.24.25.05.5Consolidated in Japan6.26.16.77.3Employee satisfaction level (%)Sumitomo Forestry83.078.881.085.0      Ongoing Timber and Materials Procurement that Considers Sustainability and Biodiversity
Indicators for evaluation (numerical targets)
Volume of fuel wood chips and pellets handled (t)*1
*1 Refers to Japan Bio Energy, Okhotsk Bio Energy, Michinoku Bio Energy, and Sumitomo Forestry’s Timber and Building Materials Business
*3 Percentage of suppliers which implemented the Sustainability procurement survey as part of the Timber Procurement Committee’s commitment to due diligence in the current fiscal year.
Material Issue 1 Target
FY2019 target
1,188,010
FY2019 results
1,112,224
FY2020 target
1,217,541
FY2020 target
FY2021 target
1,363,930
FY2021 target
Creating a work environment that generates diverse ideas, job satisfaction and vibrancy
Securing human resources by training younger workers and utilizing older ones
Reducing long work hours through workstyle reforms
Eliminating occupational injuriesImprove employee satisfactionDomestic and overseas certified forest area (ha)220,417221,101222,144221,467Area of forest plantation with in-house produced seedlings (ha)6,5537,7707,4567,920Number of seedlings supplied (ten thousand trees)511414509726Management forests while mitigating climate change and protecting biodiversity
Expanding the utilization of sustainable forest resources
Building sustainable supply chains
Change in employee satisfaction compared to base year(%)
Consolidated in Japan –*1
Sumitomo Forestry 82.0
58.6
79.6 11.5Expand seedling reforestation area in Japan and overseas
        Develop human resources from a long-term perspective according to the revision of the evaluation system (April 2019) and evaluator training
Three-year turnover rate among newly hired graduates (%)
Sumitomo Forestry
17.0
15.6
15.6
15.0
     Increase volume of fuel wood chips and pellets handled
Consolidated in Japan
15.3
13.1
10.2
12.9       Sumitomo Forestry
120
102
132
132
      Increase the amount of sustainable timber and wood products handled and used
Rate of sustainable timber and timber products handled (%)
89.0
89.8
93.0
100
Training costs per employee (¥ thousand)
     Consolidated in Japan
65
46
66
66
     80.0
80.6
100
100
      Rate of sustainable timber used as primary building material
   Sustainability procurement survey implementation rate in the supply chain of the domestic housing department (%)*2
Enhance training programs
Total number of training participants (People)
Sumitomo Forestry
13,000
11,390
13,000
13,000
         Update Sustainability procurement survey form and formulate survey plan
65.0
100
86.0
100
88.0
100
80.0
100
Consolidated in Japan
15,224
15,036
15,700
16,176
           Sustainability procurement survey implementation rate of suppliers of imported timber (%)*3
Training time per employee (hours)
Sumitomo Forestry
13.7
18.0
14.4
15.5
              *2 Percentage of annual purchase amount
Implementing interviews for retirees prior to full-term retirement at the beginning of the fiscal year
Employment rate over 60 (including rehires)(%)
     64.0
69.4
67.7
78.0
             Material Issue 2 Target
The Development and Sale of Reliable and Safe Products and Services that Consider the Environment and Society
Indicators for evaluation (numerical targets)
Sumitomo Forestry
12.3
Guidance for improvement to departments with low rates of paid leave use
Average paid leave taken by employees (days)
Consolidated in Japan
      10.0
10.6
10.6
11.3
 FY2019 target
FY2019 results
       Sumitomo Forestry
–27.6
–30.2
–30.0
–32.0
              Increasing environmentally conscious products and services
Creating an environment that considers biodiversity
Expanding businesses that contribute to resolving social issues
Promoting sustainable and innovative technological development
*1 No figures are available until fiscal 2018 because employee satisfaction surveys were administered biennially until then. They have been implemented annually since fiscal 2019. *2 The number includes sole proprietorships
Promote energy-saving and standards for energy generation and conservation
Percentage of orders for ZEH type houses out of new custom-built detached housings
60.0
48.2
80.0
80.0
     Rate of orders for eco-friendly renovation (%)
50.0
52.4
55.0
60.0
Consolidated in Japan
– 3.3
–12.9
– 9.9
–11.3
     Sales of sashes, glass wool, and solar power generation systems in the building material business (millions of yen)
23,119
23,227
22,980
24,040
              Increase added value by carbon stock from use of timber
     *1 Eco-friendly products are (1) Local saplings (2) Permeable pavement materials (3) Wall greening (4) Rooftop greening (5) Biotopes (6) Use of recycled materials *2 The amount of electricity supplied by renewable energy business annually converted to the number of households as 3,120 kWh a year per household
Material Issue 5 Target
Corporate Ethics and Governance Structures
     Material Issue 3 Target
The Reduction of the Environmental Impact of Our Business Activities
Indicators for evaluation (numerical targets)
Carbon efficiency (t-CO2e / net sales (millions of yen))
FY2019 target
0.341 (0.275)*1
98.0
52.5
99.5
58,860 – 7.5%
Lower than
2,981
FY2019 results
0.345 (0.283)
99.9
81.6
99.0 55,515
–12.8%
2,936
FY2020 target
0.311 (0.279)
98.0
79.3
99.2
56,632 – 11.0%
Lower than
2,824
FY2021 target
0.318 (0.264)
98.0
56.5
99.5
54,087 – 15.0%
Lower than
3,011
Indicators for evaluation (numerical targets)
FY2019 target
FY2019 results
FY2020 target
FY2021 target
Completion of re-examination
of analysis results for all business departments, and incorporation into the subsequent medium-term plan
 Specific steps based on issues and strategies
Carbon stock in wooden architecture in Japan (t-CO2)
Rate of orders for eco-friendly products*1
190,676
58.0
193,072
56.8
199,417
199,509
Manufacturing sites (contractors and subcontractors)
0
0
9
19
0
      Propose products utilizing local saplings and natural cycles
59.0
63.0
      Expand sales of local species
Number of local species sold (trees)
450,000
424,000
450,000
500,000
      Increase the number of rooms through new facilities construction
Number of rooms for private-pay elderly care facilities (rooms)
1,457
1,455
1,764
2,014
0
      Expand the Renewable Energy Business
Amount of electricity supplied in the Renewable Energy Business (converted to number of households)*2
217,768
219,628
220,486
373,826
0
0
     Implement reciprocal safety audits and manufacturing department safety audits
Share case studies and implement risk assessments
Number of serious occupational injuries (four or more days of work leave)
Plantation sites (Contractors)
0
3
0
0
     New Construction sites*2 in Japan
0
20
0
0
     New Construction sites outside Japan
0
9
0
      Number of occupational injuries (One to three days of work leave)
New Construction sites in Japan
0
                    Solve technical issues toward achieving the W350 Plan
Status of progress on the W350 Plan
Establish basic concepts towards realization of W30 Plan
Establish basic concepts towards realization of W30 Plan (study base design completed)
Establish basic concepts towards realization of W30 Plan (plan to design using actual properties)
Develop materials and implement basic designs towards realization of the W70 Plan
      Specific steps based on issues and strategies        Progress check of prioritized risk items set by the Risk Management Committee and share materialized risks
Progress of management for prioritized risks (conducted on a quarterly basis by the Risk Management Committee)
100
100
100
100Greenhouse gas emissions volum(e t-CO2e) compared to fiscal 2017380,356 + 2.9%380,641 +2.9%371,855 + 0.6%402,768 + 8.9%Reducing greenhouse gas emissions toward creating a decarbonized society (SBT: Scope 1 and 2)
Protecting resources, reducing the generation of waste and achieving zero emissions
Conserving and effectively utilizing water resources
Recycling ratio (%)
Housing demolition work sites*3 (Main section construction base)
Power generation business
Domestic manufacturing plants
Reinforcing risk crisis and compliance structures
Reduce greenhouse gas emissions
             Understand the extent of compliance awareness and enhance channels for reporting misconduct and compliance violations
Regular implementation and phased deployment of compliance awareness surveys
Sumitomo Forestry
Sumitomo Forestry
Major Group companies in Japan
All Group companies in Japan and some overseas
        New housing construction sites*2
94.3
97.7
98.0
Specific steps based on issues and strategies                   Renovation Business*480.074.282.084.0Promote industrial waste separation
Obtain external certification for Business Continuity Management (BCM)
Obtaining Resilience Certification
Sumitomo Forestry
Not conducted
Sumitomo Forestry and all Group companies in Japan
All Group companies in Japan
                 Overseas manufacturing plants97.997.598.298.0Analyze and disclose potential financial impact from climate-related risks that could (potentially) have on the organization
Conduct scenario analysis and disclosure consistent with guidance from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Re-examination
of analysis results and expansion
of scope of application for two sectors: domestic Housing Business and Timber and Building Materials Business
Implement for two sectors, domestic Housing Business and Timber and Building Materials Distribution Business
Re-examination
of analysis results and expansion
of scope of application for two sectors: domestic Housing Business and Timber and Building Materials Business
     Lifestyle Service Business*5
95.2
90.8
93.1
98.0
       Waste reduction Promote zero emissions
Final disposal volume of industrial waste (t) compared to fiscal 2017
Water consumption (1,000 m3)Total industrial waste emissions (amount of waste per detached home) (kg/building) compared to fiscal 20173,020 –9%3,002 –10%2,950 –11%2,730 –18%           Properly manage water resources
   46
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 47
*1 Figures in parentheses are calculated based on sales before applying the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” *2 For new housing construction sites of the Housing & Construction Division, Sumitomo Forestry Landscaping, and Sumitomo Forestry Home Engineering *3 Applicable to specified construction materials (concrete, ascon, wood waste) under the Construction Recycling Law added with metal *4 Applies to Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech renovation sites and excludes debris difficult to recycle and asbestos *5 Applies to emissions generated in the Lifestyle Services Business, housing-related materials sales, etc.
96.1
 
  Expanded Domestic Group Certification
Company Name
Sumitomo Forestry (excluding overseas)
Board of Directors
 Group Overall Environmental Representative (President)
 to a sustainable society.
Sumitomo Forestry Group Environmental Policy
Through our experience nurturing forests since our founding, the Sumitomo Forestry Group has learned to appreciate the wonders of wood and the importance of nature. As a corporate entity with a close affinity to nature, we will pursue business activities that balance both environmental and economic interests and contribute to a sustainable society.
1. Develop business operations centered on wood and forests
We will cultivate forests and their ability to preserve and enhance the rich ecosystem to protect biodiversity, actively utilize timber resources and create new corporate value.
2. Develop and offer environmentally conscious products and services
We will develop and sell products and services that are environmentally conscious throughout the entire product lifecycle.
3. Minimize and improve environmental impact
To minimize and improve environmental impact, we will employ procurement practices that prevent environmental pollution and climate change and promote the effective utilization of natural resources.
4. Ensure strict legal compliance
We will adhere to all environmental laws, rules and regulations, global standards, voluntary standards and accords with stakeholders.
5. Make continual improvements to our environmental management system
We will accurately assess environment-related risks associated with our business activities and, with a medium- to long-term outlook, set and work to fulfill yearly environment goals. In addition, we will regularly evaluate our environmental management system and make continual improvements.
6. Promote environmental education
We will provide environmental education for all parties involved in the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s business operations and encourage voluntary environmental efforts.
7. Pursue active communication
We will actively disclose information about our environmental policies and initiatives and pursue activities that convey the wonders of trees and forests and the importance of nature.
  Date of Certification
Sustainability Department (Environmental Management Officer: General Manager of Sustainability Department)
 Sumitomo Forestry Landscaping Co., Ltd.
  Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.
 Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech Co., Ltd.
PT. Kutai Timber Indonesia (KTI)
PT. Rimba Partikel Indonesia (RPI)
Company Name
Date of Certification
 Nelson Pine Industries Ltd. (NPIL)
 PT. AST Indonesia (ASTI)
  Japan Bio Energy Co., Ltd.
Vina Eco Board Co., Ltd. (VECO)
   PAN ASIA PACKING LTD.
  Environment
Environmental Management
The Group has established the Sumitomo Forestry Group Environmental Policy. The environmental policy applies to all manner of business processes and product lifecycles, including product and service development, design, production, materials procurement, distribution, waste management, supplier and partner selection, new business launches as well as mergers and acquisitions. Furthermore, “Co-existence with the environment” is an article of the Sumitomo Forestry Group Code of Conduct, which incorporates not only Group businesses, but supply chains as well. In this way, we promote business operations that contribute
Environmental Management Structure
To put its environmental policy into practice in business, the Sumitomo Forestry Group has put in place an environmental management structure with the top management in
charge of environmental management. General Manager
Management Officer, compiles a sustainability budget
with numerical targets on a fiscal year basis in each Group division. The Sustainability Committee periodically checks up on progress to enhance the effectiveness of environmental activities.
Sustainability
  of the Sustainability Department, as the Environmental
 Environmental Management Structure (As of April 2020)
Sustainability Committee
Executive Committee Board of Executive Officers
                 Head Office Administrative Div.
Depts./Group companies
Environment and Resources Div.
Depts./Group companies
Division
Environmental
Management
Officer
(General Manager, Management and Administration Dept.)
Timber and Building Materials Div.
Depts./ Branches/ Group companies
Division
Environmental
Management
Officer
(General Manager, Management and Administration Dept.)
Overseas Housing and Real Estate Div.
Depts./Group companies
Division
Environmental
Management
Officer
(General Manager, Administration and Planning Dept. Comment: p86)
Housing and Construction Div.
Depts./ Branches/ Group companies
Division
Environmental
Management
Officer
(General Manager, Administration and Planning Dept.)
Lifestyle Service Div.
Lifestyle Service Dept./Group companies
     ISO 14001 Certification Status
Sumitomo Forestry introduced an environmental management system in fiscal 1995 and acquired ISO 14001 certification for a part of its custom-built detached housing business in fiscal 1997 ahead of other players in the housing industry. Certification was subsequently acquired for other operations, with all domestic departments and divisions in the Company achieving integrated ISO 14001 certification in fiscal 2002. The scope of certified Group companies
has been extended to businesses with a substantial impact on the environment, and four Group companies are integrated in Japan. In addition, overseas manufacturing Group companies are proceeding with certification and six companies have already done so.
Domestic companies within the registration scope
of ISO 14001 certifications are audited annually by external certification bodies. In fiscal 2019, 84 departments and divisions at five companies underwent renewal audit and changed assessment for ISO 14001:2015 (JISQ 14001:2015), and were approved to register for transition to the standard. In addition to reviews conducted by external certification bodies, internal environmental audits are periodically
carried out by employees (i.e., internal environmental auditors) who have passed an exam upon completion of
an in-house training course officially recognized by Japan Auditors Training Association (JATA) to become internal environmental auditors.
Sumitomo Forestry Group ISO 14001 Certification Status (As of March 2020)
August 2002*1 November 2002*2 September 2003*2 March 2013*2 August 2014*2
*1 Certification was acquired by departments and divisions from 1997 before integrated certification was acquired for the entire Company *2 Acquired by inclusion in Sumitomo Forestry’s scope of registration
July 2001
July 2003 October 2005 January 2007 March 2014 April 2017
               48
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 49

 standards and trends in RE100.
 Risks and Strategies Related to Changes in Climates and Biodiversity
 Risks Related to Natural Disasters
Damage from a major earthquake, wind, flood, or other destructive natural element could result in cost increases arising from interrupted operations at facilities or verification of safety in our housing products, delays in the completion of construction contracts, or other events. A significant increase in costs caused by a natural disaster could influence the Group’s operating results and financial position.
< Strategy >
Sumitomo Forestry promotes sales of homes using its BF (Big-Frame) construction method, which offers high earthquake resistance, as well as disaster-resilient homes with functions that allow people to stay for a certain period of time even if lifeline services are disrupted. The Company is also creating services that offer rapid assistance in the event of a natural disaster by using IoT technology to remotely look for damage.
Risks Related to Changes in Timber Resources
and Procurement Restrictions
Given that timber is our main material and the source of our products, depletion of timber resources or changes in vegetation as a result of climate change and the loss of biodiversity may mean that Sumitomo Forestry will incur costs and be forced to change suppliers if restrictions are put in place.
< Strategy >
Sumitomo Forestry imports timber from over 20 countries as a measure to mitigate the risk of changes in forest conditions and new regulations on timber procurement, and has dispatched employees to key countries in order to gather information and check the legality of timber procurement by headquarters staff. Also, Sumitomo Forestry was the first company in Japan to be registered as a Type 1 Wood-Related Entity under the Clean Wood Act that came into effect in May 2017, and makes a concerted effort to procure legally harvested timber for the entire Group.
Risks Related to Mandatory Emission Reductions
As the movement to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions gains momentum globally, there is the possibility that reduction of GHG emissions will be imposed upon businesses in countries where the Sumitomo Forestry Group has a presence. If Group companies with bases in these countries are unable to meet reduction targets, they will be required to purchase carbon emission credits, a risk that will increase business costs. In Japan as well, introduction of a new carbon tax could influence business activities and costs.
< Strategy >
We have set greenhouse gas emission reduction targets for each Group company and business division, and work to reduce emissions in line with targets set each fiscal year. In addition to these actions, we have promoted reduction of energy consumption.
Risk Related to Energy Supply Shortages
In countries such as New Zealand for example, which consumes electricity generated by hydropower plants, operations at our Group’s plants that use hydroelectric power could come to a halt if dam levels fall as a result of less rainfall and hydroelectric power transmission is suspended.
< Strategy >
We have set greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets for each Group company and business division, and work to reduce emissions in line with targets set each fiscal year. In addition to the actions, we have promoted reduction of electricity consumption.
Risks Related to Reputational Damage
If Sumitomo Forestry makes mistakes when addressing risks, such as climate change and the preservation of biodiversity, the Company’s reputation may be damaged and earnings, such as sales, would be directly affected.
< Strategy >
The Risk Management Committee and the Sustainability Committee take a comprehensive approach to analyzing and responding to risks related to the environment, society and corporate governance from short-, medium- and long-term perspectives.
50 Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Group declared in June 2017 that for the Sumitomo Forestry Group are as follows. it would set Science Based Targets (SBT) under the SBT
*1 The SBT initiative was established in 2015 by four organizations (The United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), CDP, World Resources Institute (WRI), World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF)) for the purpose of promoting GHG emission reduction targets based on scientific data in order to keep global warming to below 2°C compared to pre-industrial levels. In Japan, the Ministry of the Environment encourages companies to adopt SBT in their initiatives.
 SBT(Science Based Targets)
1 Scope 1 and 2*2 Total 21% reduction (Target year 2030; Base year 2017) 2 Scope 3*2 Total 16% reduction in categories 1*3 and 11*3
(Target year 2030; Base year 2017)
  Fiscal 2017 (reference year)
Fiscal 2019
Change
   Scope 1 and 2 :
Total 21% reduction (Target year 2030; Base year 2017)
369,785
380,641*1
     Scope3 :
Total 16% reduction in categories 1 and 11
(Target year 2030; Base year 2017)
8,895,066
9,324,602*2
    < State of progress of SBT >
4.8% *2 In fiscal 2019, factors that increased greenhouse gas emissions included the increase in sales completed in the U.S. in the Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business.
Sustainability
 ■ Identification and Measures for Environmental Risk
We recognize that changes in the environment, such as climate change or biodiversity, may have an impact on our business activities. We therefore collect relevant information, conduct analyses when necessary, and make use of the results in business risk assessments.
Depending on the degree of risk, each department decides on specific measures and assessment indicators for risks
that arise in day-to-day operations and delivers a progress report every quarter to the Risk Management Committee, while for longer-term risks, countermeasures are formulated by the Sustainability Committee. Moreover, risks with the potential to have a major impact on operations are reported to the Board of Directors for discussion on countermeasures. In fiscal 2019, the Sustainability Committee invited an outside instructor to lead a study group titled ESG Investment and Corporate Strategy: Risks and Opportunities. Discussions were held about specific issues related to climate change, such as changes in SBT certification
■ Addressing Climate Change
In December 2015, COP21 (2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference) negotiated and adopted the Paris Agreement, the new framework for addressing climate change starting in the year 2020. The global aim of the agreement, which entered into force in November 2016, is to maintain global average temperature levels that do not rise more than 2°C from what they were before the Industrial Revolution.
Energy Conservation and Reductions in Greenhouse Gas Emissions in Business Activities
 As the impact of climate change becomes more imminent globally, companies are required to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as a measure against global warming. The
initiative*1 and establish new greenhouse gas emission reduction targets for the entire Group. Subsequently, those targets were officially approved as SBT in July 2018. The SBT
 *2 Scope 1: Direct GHG emissions of a company, including those from fuel consumption. For example, CO2 emissions from using gasoline in company vehicles.
Scope 2: Indirect GHG emissions (including CH4 and N2O) from purchased electricity and heat. For example, CO2 emissions from using electricity in office buildings. Scope 3: GHG emissions occurring in the supply chain. For example, CO2 emissions when sold products are used.
*3 Category 1 (in Scope 3): GHG emissions when harvesting, manufacturing, or transporting purchased (or acquired) goods and services. Category 11 (in Scope 3): GHG emissions when using sold goods and services.
Based on SBT, the Sumitomo Forestry Group will further strengthen its energy-saving activities, promote use of renewable energy, and take other measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate climate change.
(t-CO2e)
2.9%
    *1 In fiscal 2019, factors that increased greenhouse gas emissions included the Hachinohe Biomass Power Plant starting operations in April 2018.
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 51

  * RE100 is an international initiative that collaborates with international environmental NGOs The Climate Group and CDP. As of March 25, 2020, it had 229 member companies from around the world, including 32 Japanese firms.
By 2040, we aim to utilize 100% renewable energy for the electricity used for our Group business activities and for the fuel for our power generation operations.
Sumitomo Forestry Group’s implementation of renewable energy includes solar power generation panels installed at our housing exhibition sites and generated power for our own use (including an adjacent wood fuel chip factory) from our biomass power generation sites. In fiscal 2019, renewable energy accounted for about 16% of our total group electricity usage. To accelerate the implementation of renewable energy, we plan to have each business division set its own targets and tackle the issue as a company-wide initiative. In Japan, for electric power used in our business activities, we are examining the use of “Sumirin Denki,” a service where we purchase surplus power as well as supply electricity generated from solar power systems of Sumitomo Forestry Home houses, and installing solar power generation systems on our plants inside and outside Japan. Furthermore, we will consider a diverse range of procurement methods that take advantage of programs in each country we operate.
 Greenhouse Gas Emissions by Scope, Based on the GHG Protocol
 Climate Change Initiatives
 Governance
Strategies
Risk management framework
KPIs and targets
.Chaired by the President and Executive Officer, the Sustainability Committee meets four times a year. The committee works to promote integration of businesses and ESG initiatives
.and all discussions are reported to the Board of Directors.
The committee addresses medium- to long-term ESG issues including analysis of climate change-related risks and opportunities.
.Business divisions collaborate to identify risks and opportunities, and assess their financial impact .Countermeasures are discussed for important items and reported to the Sustainability Committee
      Scenario analysis
Risks, opportunities and strategies related to
climate change and biodiversity
(Examples based on opportunities)
.Expand sales of homes in tune with government’s .net zero-energy house promotion
Expand the needs for renewable energy
Improve strategic resilience to be prepared for uncertain future conditions
      Based on experts’ reports and analysis from business divisions, climate change-related risks are discussed by the Sustainability Committee. Medium- to long-term risks and, opportunities and countermeasures are evaluated.
* The Risk Management Committee discusses and responds to short-term risks and risks that have become apparent.
When it comes evaluation or management of climate change-related risk or opportunities, Group companies and divisions set annual numerical targets based on the Medium-Term Sustainability Targets, Science Based Targets (SBT) and RE100.
Please see page 51 for SBT initiatives targeting 2030.
Report and submit to the Board of Directors
Reflect in business execution
     71.6
   26.4 11.8
26.5 11.5
   149,182 2
4
47,781
169,365*2 49,996118,418 264,01
50,947
56,081
 At the Sumitomo Forestry Group, we have positioned the “reduction of the environmental impact of our business activities” as a material issue, and endeavor to conserve energy and utilize renewable energy. As a part of these
efforts, in March 2020, Sumitomo Forestry joined RE100*, an international initiative that aims for 100% renewable energy for electricity used, and accelerated its efforts to reduce greenhouse gases.
to two scenarios. In one scenario, the average global temperature would be 2°C higher than prior to the industrial revolution; the alternative scenario analysis entailed a 4°C increase. The results of these analyses were reported to the Sustainabiliy Committee and Board of Directors.
*TCFD stands for Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. The Financial Stability Board directed the creation of a task force for disclosing financial information related to climate in April 2015, which led to a framework for companies to voluntarily disclose information on climate-related risks and opportunities.
Sustainability
 Participation in RE100, Targeting 100% Renewable Energy
Response to TCFD
The Sumitomo Forestry Group understands that climate change poses great risks. In July 2018, the Company announced its support for the TCFD*, and began to analyze scenarios the same year. The Group envisioned conditions in the Company’s core Timber and Building Materials Business and Housing and Construction Business in 2030 according
  Since fiscal 2012, we have obtained quantitative data for each scope that conforms to the GHG Protocol, the widely used global greenhouse gas measurement standard. In light of increasing demand for renewable energy in recent years, the Group made entry into the biomass power generation business in 2011 and commenced operations at the Mombetsu Biomass Power Plant (consolidated subsidiary)
in December 2016. While the plant’s main fuel source is unused timber from forests, coal is used as a supplementary fuel to ensure smooth operation and maintenance.
Accordingly, total CO2 emissions for Scopes 1 and 2 for the Sumitomo Forestry Group in fiscal 2019 was 380,641 t-CO2e, 2.9% higher than in fiscal 2017 and much higher than in fiscal 2016. Of the total for Scope 1 and 2, overseas plants emitted 28.5%, while domestic plants and the power generation business accounted for 57.0%. We started measuring Scope 3 emissions in fiscal 2013 and broadened the scope of our measurements in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2017. In fiscal 2019, the amount came to 10.255 million t-CO2e.
CO2 emissions for Scopes 1 and 2
CO2 emissions for Scopes 1, 2, and 3 (10 thousand t-CO2e)
(t-CO2e) 400,000
300,000
200,000
■ Scope 1 ■ Scope 2
381,613
117,602
173,050 *2 1
2017 2018
380,641
115,449
172,518 *2 265,192
57,691 2019
1,200 1,000 800 600 400 200 0
  336,017
151,323
196,963*1
2016
369,785
119,789
■ Scope 1 ■ Scope 2 ■ Scope 3*3
373.5
4.9 14.6 2015
9
18.5 15.1 25.0 12.0 2016 2017
987.7
1,025.5
     194,949
146,181
382.5
     100,000
0 48,768
2015
184,69
116,969
114,827
    52
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 53
*1 Excludes figures for the power generation business (Mombetsu Biomass Power Plant)
*2 Excludes figures for the power generation business (Mombetsu Biomass Power Plant and Hachinohe Biomass Power Plant) *3 The scope for calculating Scope 3 was expanded from 3 categories to 15 categories in fiscal 2015.
The scope for calculating Scope 3 was expanded from domestic operations to the entire Sumitomo Forestry Group in fiscal 2017.
2018 2019

    Social
Stakeholder Relations
The Sumitomo Forestry Group takes advantage of various opportunities to communicate with stakeholders from a clear understanding of its role and purpose as a member of society. Through its business activities, the Sumitomo Forestry Group str
Sustainability
              regarding custom-
   ・
 ives to meet the expectations and demands of a variety of stakeholders to build positive relationships.
Main
responsibilities
Communication methods
・Provide safe and high-quality products and ・Disclose information in a timely and proper
report responsibility
・Understand stakeholder requests and needs through
communication and improve satisfaction
・Sumitomo Forestry Call Centers ・Customer satisfaction surveys ・Website,
mass media, etc.
Exhibitions and other events
Main responsibilities
services fashion,
・Build fair and open business relationships ・Improve occupational health and safety ・Strict compliance with laws and regulations
・Purchasing and procurement activities
・Hold safety conferences, safety patrols, and building contractor
meetings
・Hold research conferences and information exchange events ・Evaluate suppliers (surveys and on-site visits)
Shareholders Investors
and  With the aim of maintaining and strengthening the trust of capital   markets, the Sumitomo Forestry Group makes every effort to fulfill its reporting responsibility to shareholders and investors so its share price reflects an accurate assessment of its corporate value. Through the timely and transparent disclosure of a wide range of information, including non-financial aspects, we aim for further understanding of our management policies, strategies and business plans. At the same time, we feed back the opinions and requests of investors and other stakeholders to management, facilitating the creation of measures to improve corporate value and sustain growth.
y Open Day
Return on equity (ROE)
8%
Individual meetings with institutional investors and analysts in Japan and overseas
14
Communication
met
hods
Their Families The Sumitomo Forestry Group is engaged in measures that enhance respect for diversit
rights, promote the creation of open work environments free of discrimination, ensure safety in the workplace, consider work-life balance, and reduce long work hours with the aim of providing workplaces where employees are motivated and lead fulfilling lifestyles. Along with removing risks to employees by undertaking initiatives to resolve related issues, we intend to carry out one of Our Values, “We promote a free and open-minded corporate culture that respects diversity,” and foster a group of employees who are always willing to take on new challenges.
・Timely and appropriate information disclosure ・Information transparency and reporting responsibility ・Appropriate shareholder returns
  Main responsibilities
・General Meeting of Shareholders, results briefings, and individual investor briefings
  ・One-on-one meetings with analysts and institutional investors ・Disseminate information through the website, shareholder
communications, briefing materials, and other relevant
materials
・Responses to ESG and other evaluations and research
organizations
     Customers
Our customers are surrounded by widespread social and environmental change. Amidst the diversification of people’s needs, perspectives, and lifestyles, the Sumitomo Forestry Group remains committed to providing high-quality products and services that bring joy to our customers, in line with Our Values. In addition, the Group is enforcing initiatives related to safety and quality issues and formulating risk mitigation. The Group is also linking further progress to the creation of new business opportunities and customer satisfaction by promptly
    addressing social and environmental change through sustainable improvements.
Customer satisfaction
built detached houses according to surveys conducted when owners move in
95.9%
Proposals to customers using apps
Ratio of houses certified as Excellent Long-Term Housing for custom-built detached houses
94.4%
Shareholders and Investors
Guiding domestic investors (Tsukuba Research In
  Customers
    Industries and competitors in same industry
Business Partners
Students
    Business Partners
1,112,224
Rate of sustainable timber and timber products handled
89.8%
As stipulated by the Sumitomo Forestry Group Procurement Policy,
we proactively work toward the sustainable procurement of timber globally. While working and communicating with business partners and suppliers, we make every effort to engage in fair and open procurement activities focused on the preservation, growing, and planting of forest resources and the promotion of effective application of limited natural resources, including positive utilization of timber from certified forests. We aim to reinforce our business foundation by building and maintaining healthy relationships based on mutual development.
Employees and Their Families
NPO/ NGO
Okumatsushima nature regrowth volunteers
Volume of fuel wood chips and pellets handled
8.
4 comp
   ・Provide and maintain a work environment where human rights are respected and employees can work under safe and healthy conditions without discrimination
y and human
  Main responsibilities
・Promote measures and systems that enhance work-life balance
  t
Global environment
International Community/ Local Community
Famil
・Conduct employee awareness surveys
・Family Open Day
・Informal Management Committee comprised of both labor and
management members
・Publication of internal newsletter and operation of the intranet
   Communication methods
            Communication methods
Traceability confirmation in timber
stitute)
Employees and
18.0 hours
anies
Number of hours each employee took part in in-house training on average per year (non- consolidated basis)
Hours of overtime work (compared with fiscal 2013) (non-consolidated basis)
30.2% reduction
    International Community/Local
Amount of donations related to social contributions
Approx. ¥727 million
Cost of social contribution activities
Approx. ¥98million
  Topics Donated 8,000 dust-proof masks to support medical facilities
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, medical facilities are experiencing a shortage of masks for medical use that can prevent the spread of infection through airborne droplets containing the virus. In light of this situation, We donated 8,000 dust-proof masks which possess the same properties as medical masks that had been stockpiled in an emergency. The donation was made in response to a request by the KEIDANREN (Japan Business Federation) and was sent to the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.
Community The Sumitomo Forestry Group proactively promotes business activities in harmony with local communities, thereby aiming to revitalize local economies and promote employment. We aim to advance business development in each country and region by providing more insight into the Group through regional community engagement, cooperation and information disclosure. At the same time, we will continue to create both economic and social value for regional communities through business activities.
 M respon
ain sibilities
・Help solve social problems
・Reduce environmental impact in business ・Preserve the natural environment and biodiversity
    ・Help form communities through social contributions ・Contribute to the environment and society through
collaboration with NPOs/NGOs
・Volunteers for planting and forest development ・Supporting employee volunteer activities
  Communication methods
                  procurement
   54
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 55
  
    ■ Human Rights Initiatives
In July 2019, we formulated the Sumitomo Forestry Group Human Rights Policy based on respect for the International Bill of Human Rights (the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenants on Human Rights), the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Core Labor Standards, the 10 Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We also joined the United Nations Global Compact and World Business Council for Sustainability Development(WBCSD).
The Sumitomo Forestry Group Code of Conduct contains language for respecting human rights and creating healthy workplaces. With the aim of spreading acceptance of these policies at our business partners, we periodically conduct assessments of our partners. We also conduct due diligence of human rights,address risks related to human rights, and further engage in reducing risks related to human rights.
Due Diligence and Addressing Significant Risks
Through human rights due diligence, the Sumitomo Forestry Group identifies factors that may have a negative impact on human
Respect for Human Rights in the Supply Chain
■ Initiatives towards Sustainable Procurement
The Sumitomo Forestry Group strives to contribute to realization of a sustainable and prosperous society through business
Sumitomo Forestry Group Human Rights Policy website http://
Respect for Human Rights at Overseas Plantations
Based on the Sumitomo Forestry Group Procurement Policy, the Group carries out due diligence to ensure the legality
of our timber procurement. Each division that procures timber reports to the Timber Procurement Committee on the progress with this due diligence, and works to promote continual improvement in the supply chain.
Access to Information
The Timber & Building Materials Division, Housing & Construction Division, and the timber procurement divisions across the Group conduct due diligence to ensure suppliers supply timber and wood products that meet logging compliance requirements. Procurement managers gather information in accordance with the due diligence manual for timber procurement.
Risk Assessments and Measures to Reduce Risk
With this information sorted by country, region, wood species, and timber type, risk assessment on illegal
logging or human rights violation is carried out based on procurement standards stipulated by the committee. Risk categories are A (low risk), B (medium risk) and C (high risk). Timber and wood products in the B (medium risk) and C (high risk) categories should not be solely evaluated with documentation to prove that they are legally harvested according to that country’s laws and regulations. In addition, when necessary, company staff are sent for on-site inspections to ensure traceability back to the logging site.
At our plantation forest operations in West Kalimantan of Indonesia (PT. Wana Subur Lestari / PT. Mayangkara Tanaman Industri), operations are carried out with respect for human rights and the environment. We conduct
joint surveys with the International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank Group, and interview local residents to hear their opinions.
sfc.jp/english/corporate/philosophy/humanrights.html
Initiatives for Enabling Sustainable Timber Procurement
Sustainability
      rights and works to prevent or reduce them.
Sustainability Fact-Finding Surveys
   We engage in fair and responsible procurement activities based on the Sumitomo Forestry Group Procurement Policy. For importing and procuring timber, we conduct surveys of our suppliers and on-site interviews to ensure our procurement activities take into account human rights, labor, biodiversity conservation and local communities.
countermeasures to prevent, avoid, mitigate and rectify the risks for each stakeholder.
Regarding the initiatives of each Group company, in fiscal 2019, a survey was conducted involving 59 Group companies around the world, confirming that 42 companies provided human rights training, 42 companies have systems to handle grievances, and 39 companies have risk mitigation plans in place. Based on this survey, we did not find any human rights violations.
 Identifying and
Addressing Significant Human Rights Risks
The Company identified significant human rights risks in 2019 by mapping out risks at stakeholders in the value chains of each business division. The Company has already taken steps to address these identified significant risks, and is drawing up plans and advancing
 Timber Procurement Management
The Sumitomo Forestry Group established the Timber Procurement Committee, comprising managers from departments in charge of timber procurement, to promote Group-wide management of timber procurement through confirming legality of imported timber, setting procurement standards and risk assessments for illegal logging and such.
In fiscal 2019, the committee met four times and confirmed legal compliance and conducted sustainability surveys at all 162 direct suppliers subject to inspections,
as well as 48 suppliers for overseas Group companies (distributors). Sumitomo Forestry periodically checks legal compliance and sustainability at these suppliers, including new and existing suppliers, once a year—no more than two years from the current year.
        56
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 57
〈2012〉
Sumitomo Forestry signed an advisory agreement with the IFC. Along with the IFC, we conducted surveys of business locations to understand whether land usage plans at business sites were being properly implemented and adequate consideration is made for the livelihoods of local residents while respecting the rights of indigenous people and protecting cultural assets.
〈2013 and 2015〉
Public hearings were held with invitations sent to local residents, neighboring companies, academics, NGOs, government officials and other stakeholders.
〈2018〉
With help from the IFC, Sumitomo Forestry set up grievance mechanisms at WSL and MTI to collect information and opinions from local residents. With the University of Indonesia, Sumitomo Forestry launched a three-year social survey covering its business sites and surrounding areas.
activities that utilize wood as a renewable natural resource. To undertake practical implementation of procurement activities that are considerate of economic, social, and environmental issues, we have established the Sumitomo Forestry Group Procurement Policy.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group Procurement Policy (Excerpt)
The Sumitomo Forestry Group utilizes wood as a renewable natural resource in its business operations. To contribute to a sustainable society, we are committed to procurement activities that take into account economic, environmental and societal interests and comply with the following policy:
1. Procurement based on legal and highly reliable supply chains 2. Procurement based on fair opportunity and competition
3. Procurement of sustainable timber and wood products
4. Communication
     
  Initiatives for Enabling Sustainable Timber Procurement
Consideration for Human Rights, Labor, Biodiversity Conservation and Local Communities
The following items are checked, through supplier surveys and local interviews for the products that are being procured:
. Whether the rights of workers, local and indigenous communities are abused in the area where we procure the products and . their raw materials from. If this is the case, whether suppliers check their logging practices with consideration for these rights.
Whether forests with high conservation value are included in the area where we procure the products and their raw materials from. If this is the case, whether suppliers check their logging practices with consideration to forests with high conservation value.
Each procurement division reports the status and progress of these initiatives to the Timber Procurement Committee, facilitating continuous improvements throughout the supply chain. In fiscal 2019, based on a social and environmental perspective, we added more fundamental content to the questions in the survey which we had conducted up until now and revised it as the “Sustainability Procurement Survey.” We strengthened the management system by scoring survey outcomes to improve the visualization of suppliers’ sustainability initiatives.
Strengthening Sustainability Initiatives for Timber and Wood Products
Amid growing concerns over deforestation as a factor in climate change, the Sumitomo Forestry Group established a new Action Plan in May 2019, in addition to its own timber
Policy on “Sustainable Timber and Wood Products”
In the Medium-Term Sustainability Targets as part of the 2021 Medium-Term Management Plan, we set a target
of 100% procurement of sustainable timber and wood products by the end of fiscal 2021. Even in situations where legality can be confirmed, we will promote the gradual
procurement due diligence mechanism. We have reinforced and newly implemented sustainability evaluation standards for suppliers.
increased use of alternative wood (natural timber from forest thinning or plantation timber) to stop the handling of items that do not fall under our definition of sustainable timber or timber products.
Sustainability
      Procurement
divisions
Check Timber Procurement progress
 Step 1
Step 2
Step 3
Access to Information
We confirm that suppliers are using only legally harvested timber or that they are providing timber products using only timber that has been legally harvested
Risk Assessment
We conduct an assessment based on the country or region and type of tree or timber to determine the risk of illegal harvesting (we also confirm sustainability items not related to legality through questionnaires and local hearings)
Risk Reduction Measures
We implement measures to reduce risk such as confirming and obtaining additional information, dispatching Sumitomo Forestry Group employees for detailed on-site surveys and switching to procuring timber from certified forests
Committee
Procurement divisions
   * In addition, issues other than legality are verified via questionnaires and/or interviews
Implementation check
Engagement
As part of timber procurement initiatives, we organized a stakeholder dialogue in July 2019 to meet with environmental NGOs and ESG experts and researchers. Experts from the certified NPO Sustainable Management Forum of Japan, World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Japan, FoE Japan, Global Environment Forum, Institute for Global
A smooth response to the Clean Wood Act
In May 2017, Japan implemented the “Act on Promotion of Use and Distribution of Legally-Harvested Wood and Wood Products,” commonly known as the “Clean Wood Act.” This law aims to encourage the use of timber made from trees harvested in conformity with the laws and ordinances of Japan and other countries of origin, and to
Environmental Strategies, Takasaki City University of Economics and Waseda University participated to discuss various themes, such as the implementation of the Sustainability Procurement Survey, the process and time frame for improvements, timber from conversion forests and recycled timber.
form markets that exclude illegally logged wood that leads to environmental destruction. At Sumitomo Forestry, each business division has been registered as a business operator under this law, and the entire Group makes every effort to procure legal timber.
   Sustainability Procurement Survey Conducted
Beginning in fiscal 2019, the Housing and Construction Division launched a new Sustainability Procurement Survey aimed at existing building and housing equipment customers to be conducting annually in addition to the Green Procurement Survey which was aimed at new customers. The survey, which targeted building and housing equipment manufacturers, was conducted among 30 direct customers and 12 indirect customers to assess a total of 53 items pertaining to governance, human rights and work safety committees, and the environment as well as the sustainability of timber procurement.
Topics
Before conducting the survey, Sumitomo Forestry held a briefing about the sustainability procurement survey in October 2019 for target customers. The meeting was attended by approximately 50 people, and was intended to share views about responsible procurement as exemplified by the Sumitomo Forestry Group Code of Conduct and Sumitomo Forestry Group Procurement Policy and to promote mutual understanding. With a response rate of 100%, we were able to confirm that many customers understand our views on responsible procurement. On the other hand, we held discussions and provided feedback to customers whose assessments did not meet expectations. Moving forward, we will conduct continuous follow-up.
Briefing about the sustainability procurement survey
   58
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 59
Our thinking regarding “sustainable timber and wood products”
1 Certified timber and pre-certified timber: FSC, PEFC, and SGEC
(Regardless of CoC connection, we place emphasis on certification at time of production and promote a shift to certified timber)
3 Natural timber where forestry management and
distribution can be assessed as sustainable
(This does not include timber from conversion forests = timber harvested from natural forests that were converted to farm- land such as palm oil plantations)
4
Timber from plantation forests
Recycled timber
  2
   
    ■ Diversity (Fair Employment and Benefits that Respect Diversity)
Equal opportunity and diversity in employee hiring and compensation practices are respected based on international standards for the human rights of people from all walks of life. These principles are set out in the Sumitomo Forestry Group Code of Conduct and the Sumitomo Forestry Group Human Rights Policy.
■ Work-Life Balance
We aim to improve employee motivation and productivity through various initiatives to create a workplace where employees can
Ratio of female employees*1
Ratio of female employees in management positions*1
Ratio of female employees*1
(fiscal year)
(fiscal year)
2016
2017
2018
2019
Sustainability
  Activities for Diverse Talent Acquisition
In its recruitment activities, the Group emphasizes the ambition and volition of the applicant, and does not differentiate selection processes according to academic background or gender. At Group companies outside Japan, the employment of local staff is actively promoted, and talented personnel are employed and promoted to management positions, irrespective of race or gender.
If there has been a compliance violation, the employee will be dealt with appropriately in accordance with
Employment Regulations. Unfair dismissals are not allowed. Sumitomo Forestry strives for talent acquisition, a major issue for management, by properly reflecting these employment and treatment policies in our recruitment activities. The Workstyle Diversification Department, an independent organization within the Personnel Department, takes the lead in supporting the activities of our diverse workforce, including female employees, re-employed
lead a mentally and physically fulfilling private life.
Initiatives to Reduce Long Working Hours
In fiscal 2017, we overhauled our personnel system and have since been placing greater importance on preventing long working hours and encouraging productivity improvements. Some initiatives include a switch to a system where overtime hours worked are actually counted (as opposed to our previous deemed working hours system), the launch of flex- time and work interval systems, and the rollout of an hourly productivity assessment system.
We recognize that long working hours pose a significant business risk; if such a situation is left ignored,
it will likely lead to occupational accidents and damage the reputation of our brand, and ultimately lead to future labor shortages. Workstyle Enhancement Committees have been set up at branches of the Housing & Construction Division to implement initiatives to reduce long working hours. Additionally, for work system and operational flow reforms at the head office, the Long Working Hours Mitigation Committee was set up within the division to lead the campaign to reduce long working hours by making system improvement proposals.
retirees, and employees with disabilities.
 Supporting Diverse Workstyles
 The 6th Next Generation Law Action Plan (Fiscal 2015 to 2019)
 Sumitomo Forestry has formulated and implemented action plans for supporting employees who are raising families, in accordance with the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children (Next Generation Law).
1. Host seminars themed on workstyle reforms in order to foster a work environment that actively involves female employees who are raising children.
2. Hold “Family Open Days” to create a pleasant work environment for all employees to execute their talent.
3. Establish a system in which male employees and their seniors can discuss using childcare support programs as a means of promoting paternal involvement in childcare. Also, disclose the participation status of childcare-related programs on the Company’s intranet.
Supporting Workstyles for Employees Caring for Family Memb
As a part of measures to help employees continue working while caring for family members, we have set up systems such as reduced work hours, in addition to revising the care leave system. Employees may take time off for the equivalent of ten days a year in 30-minute increments under our family care leave and medical leave.
            ers
  Telecommuting System
 Employment and Promotion of Women (Non-Consolidated)
Status of Female Recruitment / Employment (Domestic Subsidiaries)
Employment of Persons with Disabilities (Non-Consolidated)
19.4%
2.6 %
26.8%
30.4%
4.0 %
48.0%
20.0%
2.8 %
22.8%
30.7%
4.2 %
40.3%
20.4%
3.2 %
18.0%
31.6%
4.6 %
40.2%
21.0%
3.7 %
24.8%
32.0%
6.0 %
43.5%
21.6%
4.2 %
26.9%
32.7%
6.1 %
45.7%
2.40%
        Ratio of newly graduated female recruits*2
    2015
2019
    Ratio of female employees in management positions*1
    Ratio of newly graduated female recruits*2
  *1 The ratio of female employees and the ratio of female employees in management positions are calculated based on the number of employees as of March 31 each year.
 *2 The ratio of newly graduated female recruits is calculated based on the number of employees as of April 1 each year.
 (fiscal year)
2015
2.12 %
2.12 %
2.26 %
2.32 %
We offer a telecommuting system to all employees (excluding new graduates who have been at the Company less than three years and newly hired employees yet to pass six months at the Company). There are no limitations on how long an employee may telecommute and most users utilize the system for childcare or nursing care reasons, or to avoid long commuting times.
2016
2017
2018
2019
 Ratio of employees with disabilities
 * For fiscal 2017, the calculation includes special subsidiary company Sumirin Wood Peace Co., Ltd.
* For fiscal 2018, the calculation includes special subsidiary company Sumirin Wood Peace Co., Ltd. and
Group affiliate Sumirin Business Service Co., Ltd.
   Topics Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Sumitomo Forestry greatly accelerated plans to expand the scope of employees eligible to work remotely, which had already been a part of plans for workstyle reforms. For now, we are promoting active use of telework for all employees as a special measure to reduce the risk of infection. As employees continue to work from home, we intend to enhance support measures for employees who are working at home, such as sending information about how to avoid insufficient exercise.
   Topics Introduction of Selectable Retirement Age System
Aiming to further active careers of senior employees, in fiscal 2020, Sumitomo Forestry raised the mandatory retirement age from 60 to 65 years and introduced the Flexible Retirement Age System, which allows employees to choose a retirement age based on their life plans. Also, the Senior Human Resource Bank allows employees to work past the age of 65 if they desire. We eliminated the age limit for this program.
60
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 61
2015
2016
2017
2018
  
    Encouraging Different Systems for Paid Leave
We encourage employees to take planned paid leave of more than 14 days every year, including so-called “refresh” leave and summer holiday leave. The average number of paid leave days used in fiscal 2019 was 11.5 (60.2%), up from 10.1 (53.2%) the previous year.
Also, for employees at our housing and construction
Practicing Mental Healthcare
Based on the Guideline on Maintaining and Improving Mental Health of Workers formulated by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, Sumitomo Forestry offers care for mental health through self-care, care provided by line managers, care provided by occupational health staff within the workplace, and care using resources from outside the business.
* Employee Assistance Program (EAP) : A workplace mental healthcare service
■ Human Resource Development
Preserving Traditional Building Techniques for Wooden Houses
Training program
business branches which are opened on Saturdays and Sundays to meet with customers, we strive to improve our workplace environment by offering “Family-Friendly Day Leave.” It allows employees to take one Saturday or Sunday off every month to spend time with their family or engage in their favorite pastime.
The Company has established the Workstyle Diversification Department within the Personnel Department. In order to further enhance mental healthcare, the Company has assigned an employee who is a qualified clinical psychologist to the Workstyle Diversification Department, and has closely cooperated with an external provider of the Employee Assistance Program (EAP)* to provide follow-up support and help in returning to work for individuals with mental disorders.
The Sumitomo Forestry School of Professional Building Techniques is an educational institution certified by the Governor of Chiba Prefecture, and was founded by the Company in 1988 as an in-house training center. Through
a one-year training curriculum, the school provides training for new employees at Sumitomo Forestry Home Engineering Co., Ltd. who aspire to work in carpentry. In terms of construction-related subjects, students study classroom- based subjects such as an introduction to building, structures, drawing, methods of construction, materials
and supervision, as well as practical subjects, including tool operation and maintenance, the traditional technique of marking timber with sumi ink and a carpenter’s square,
New Students and Performance at the Sumitomo Forestry School of Professional Building Techniques
Winners of WorldSkills Competitions
as well as processing, safety work, model-based practical training, demonstration-based practical training and computing. By the end of their training, the students aim to obtain Grade 2 Carpenter Skills Certification.
Students receive individualized instruction in small class settings (The Sumitomo Forestry School of Professional Building Techniques)
63 67 69 57 61 61 66 68 55 -
-
Number of new students
Number of graduates
(fiscal year)
Sustainability
                   Students who acquired Grade 2 Carpenter Skills Certification
57
49
62
55
      Based on the concepts of autonomy and support in human resource development, we are developing employees who are highly motivated and proud to work at Sumitomo Forestry. And Sumitomo Forestry also endeavors to train personnel who contribute to the realization of its corporate philosophy by nurturing a corporate culture that is open and inclusive.
The Company promotes independent efforts for capacity building and career development, and has regulations for assisting employees who seek to obtain qualifications or take classes at external educational institutions.
Moreover, we believe it is our mission to pass along to the next generation the carpentry techniques that can be applied in a majority of situations, such as wooden houses, renovation work, and large-scale wooden structures. We are concentrating on the development of human resources with these valuable skills.
Development of the Sumitomo Forestry Business Institute
 (fiscal year)
Participants in WorldSkills competitions
 Regional competition (Chiba Prefecture event)
 National competition (Chiba Prefecture representative)
 International competition
2010
28 people (all 28 received a skills certificate)
5 people (one gold, one silver, one bronze, two medallions for excellence)
 2011
  27 people (all 27 received a skills certificate)
  5 people (one silver, one medallion for excellence)
  1 person (silver medal at the London competition)
 2012
 40 people (all 40 received a skills certificate)
 5 people
(one silver, two bronze, two medallions for excellence)
  2013
35 people (28 received a skills certificate)
5 people (one silver, two medallions for excellence)
1 person
(medallion for excellence at the Leipzig competition)
 2014
 56 people (46 received a skills certificate)
 4 people (three medallions for excellence)
  2015
 57 people (54 received a skills certificate)
 2 people (two silver)
  2016
  61 people (57 received a skills certificate)
  5 people (one bronze, two medallions for excellence)
   2017
 65 people (49 received a skills certificate)
 7 people (three bronze, three medallions for excellence)
  2018
68 people (62 received a skills certificate)
7 people
(one gold, two silver, one bronze, three medallions for excellence)
 2019
  55 people (all 55 received a skills certificate)
  8 people (one silver, two medallions for excellence)
  1 person (Kazan competition)
    The Sumitomo Forestry Business Institute, which was created in fiscal 2011, is based on the concept of “Supporting Motivated People,” and focuses on skill development with
Number of Employees Attending Main Training Programs (FY2019)
Hours of Training Courses Taken and Training-Related Costs per Employee (Non-Consolidated)
an emphasis on self-initiative. We also provide an e-learning curriculum that domestic Group employees can use to learn on their own.
 Number of people attending (non-consolidated)
     Training for specific levels (15 courses)
    Self-development training (79 courses)
     Hours of training courses taken
(fiscal year)
2015
9.3 91
1,512 150 182 4,890
9.4 13.1* 100 100
221 27 0 6,418
13.6 18.0 97 102
National competition of WorldSkills in fiscal 2019
2016
2017
Number of people attending (Group companies)
 Selective training (22 courses)
  e-learning (6 mandatory courses)
 2018
2019
      Spending on training (¥ thousand)
  62
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 63
* The calculation method was changed in fiscal 2017.
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
  
  64
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 65
Director
Tatsumi Kawata
Representative Director Executive Vice President
Shigeru Sasabe
Outside Director
Junko Hirakawa
Representative Director Chairman of the Board
Akira Ichikawa
Representative Director President
Toshiro Mitsuyoshi
Outside Director
Izumi Yamashita
Representative Director Director
Executive Vice President Atsushi Kawamura
Tatsuru Satoh
Governance
The Sumitomo Forestry Group seeks to ensure management transparency as well as the appropriateness and legality of its business and strives to promote expeditious decision-making and business execution.
Through these efforts, the Company aims to continuously increase its corporate value and conduct management that lives up to the expectations of various stakeholders.

 (As of June 23, 2020)
Directors
Position
Representative Director / Chairman of the Board
Representative Director / President
Representative Director
Representative Director
Director Director Outside Director Outside Director
Name
Akira Ichikawa
Toshiro Mitsuyoshi
Shigeru Sasabe
Tatsuru Satoh
Tatsumi Kawata
Atsushi Kawamura
Junko Hirakawa
Izumi Yamashita
(Fiscal Year 2019: 15 times)
Governance
 Introducing the Board of Directors and Statutory Auditors
Reason for appointment as a director
Akira Ichikawa has abundant experience and achievements related to the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s business, serving in the Group’s management since April 2010 as President and Director, and since April 2020 as Chairman of the Board.
Toshiro Mitsuyoshi has abundant knowledge and management experience related to the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s business. After serving as Divisional Manager of the Overseas Business Division and other roles, he was appointed President and Representative Director in April 2020.
Shigeru Sasabe has abundant experience and achievements related to the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s business and management. He was appointed as Director in 2010, and has successively held positions such as Divisional Manager of the Lifestyle Service Division. He currently serves as Executive Vice President and Executive Officer and Divisional Manager of the Timber and Building Materials Division.
Tatsuru Satoh has abundant experience and achievements related to the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s business and management. He was appointed as Director in 2013, serving as an Executive Officer who oversees General Administration, Personnel, and other departments. He currently serves as Executive Vice President and Executive Officer.
Tatsumi Kawata has abundant experience related to the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s business. After successively serving as the General Manager of the Personnel Department, General Manager of the Corporate Planning Department and other roles, he was appointed as Director in June 2018. He currently serves as Managing Executive Officer.
Atsushi Kawamura has abundant experience related to the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s business. After serving as Divisional Manager of the Overseas Housing and Real Estate Department and Deputy Divisional Manager of the Overseas Business Division, he was appointed Executive Officer in 2016. He currently serves as Managing Executive Officer and Divisional Manager of the Overseas Housing and Real Estate Division.
As an attorney, Junko Hirakawa has practical knowledge of corporate law in Japan and abroad, and has been judged to play an appropriate role in strengthening the Company's corporate governance by making recommendations to management from an expert's perspective.
Izumi Yamashita has abundant experience in the financial industry and deep insight as a corporate manager, and has been judged to play an appropriate role in strengthening the Company's corporate governance by making recommendations to management.
Attendance
Company shares held (As of March 31, 2020)
70 thousand shares
13 thousand shares
37 thousand shares
31 thousand shares
8 thousand shares
13 thousand shares
—shares —shares
Number of Directors and Composition Ratio
    15 times 15 times
15 times 15 times 15 times
—
15 times 15 times
Outside Directors 2
25% 75%
Directors 6
(As of June 23, 2020)
       Representative Director and Chairman of the Board
Akira Ichikawa (Born Nov. 12, 1954)
Representative Director and President
Toshiro Mitsuyoshi (Born May 23, 1962)
Number of Statutory Auditors and Composition Ratio
        Apr. 1978 Jun. 2007 Jun. 2008
Apr. 2010 Apr. 2020
Joined the Company Executive Officer
Director
Managing Executive Officer Representative Director (current position)
President / Director
President and Executive Officer Chairman of the Board (current position)
Apr. 1985 Jun. 2010 Apr. 2011 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2015
Apr. 2017 Apr. 2018
Apr. 2020
Joined the Company Executive Officer Managing Executive Officer Director
President and Representative Director of Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech Co., Ltd.
Divisional Manager of Housing Division
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Housing and
Construction Division
Representative Director (current position) President / Director (current position)
President and Executive Officer (current position)
Outside Statutory Auditors 3
Statutory
Auditors 40% 2
60%
      (As of June 23, 2020)
   Outside Directors’ Board of Directors Meeting Attendance Rate (Fiscal Year 2019)
       Statutory Auditors * Independent Officer
Senior Statutory Auditor Akihisa Fukuda Statutory Auditor
(full-time) (full-time)
Noriaki Toi
Outside Statutory Auditors
Yoshitsugu Minagawa*, Yoshimasa Tetsu*, Makoto Matsuo*
100%
            Representative Director 
Shigeru Sasabe (Born Feb. 28, 1954)
Representative Director 
Tatsuru Satoh (Born Dec. 14, 1955)
Executive Officers * Doubles as Director and Executive Officer President Toshiro
Executive Ryoji Machino Officers
President and Director of Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.
        Executive Vice Presidents
〃
Managing Executive Officers
〃
〃
〃
〃
〃 〃
Mitsuyoshi*
Shigeru Sasabe*
Tatsuru Satoh*
Tatsumi Kawata*
Atsushi Kawamura*
Akira Sekimoto
Kanpei Tokunaga
Takahisa Higaki
Kunihiko Takagiri
Ikuro Takahashi
Administering Environment and Resources Division, Divisional Manager of Timber and 〃 Building Materials Division
Administering Lifestyle Services Division, in charge of General Administration,
Secretary, External Relations, Personnel, IT Solutions, Intellectual Property, Internal 〃 Audit, and the Tsukuba Research Institute
Administering Housing and Construction Division, in charge of Corporate Planning, Finance, Corporate Communications and Sustainability
Akio Numazaki
Deputy Divisional Manager of Housing and Construction Division (Oversees Construction Materials Development, Construction Management, Quality Assurance)
In charge of Workstyle Reform and Women’s Empowerment and General Manager of Workstyle Diversification Department, Personnel Department
General Manager of IT Solutions Department
Deputy Divisional Manager of Timber and Building Materials Division and General Manager of Manufacturing Department
Deputy Divisional Manager of Timber and Building Materials Division and General Manager of International Marketing Department
President and Director of Sumitomo Forestry Landscaping Co., Ltd.
Deputy Divisional Manager of Timber and Building Materials Division and General Manager of Tokyo Branch of Timber and Building Materials Division
Deputy Divisional Manager of Overseas Housing and Real Estate Division (In charge of North American Business) and President of Sumitomo Forestry America, Inc.
  Joined the Company Executive Officer Managing Executive Officer Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Overseas Business Division Representative Director (current position)
Executive Vice President and Executive Officer (current position) Divisional Manager of Overseas Housing and
Real Estate Division
Divisional Manager of Timber and Building Materials Division (current position)
Director 
Tatsumi Kawata (Born Oct. 4, 1962)
Joined the Company Executive Officer Managing Executive Officer Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer Representative Director (current position) Executive Vice President and Executive Officer (current position)
Apr. 1977 Jun. 2008 Apr. 2010 Jun. 2010 Apr. 2014
Apr. 2016 Apr. 2018 Apr. 2020
Apr. 1978 Jun. 2012 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2013 Apr. 2016 Apr. 2018
Junko Saishu 〃 Koichi Shimizu
               [Notable concurrent jobs] Statutory Auditor at Kumagai Gumi Co., Ltd.
Director 
Atsushi Kawamura (Born Feb. 24, 1965)
Divisional Manager of Overseas Housing and Real Estate Division 〃
Divisional Manager of Environment and Resources Division 〃
President and Director of Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech Co., Ltd. 〃
President and Director of Sumitomo Forestry Residential Co., Ltd. 〃
Divisional Manager of Lifestyle Service Division 〃 Divisional Manager of Housing and Construction Division
Kazutaka Horita Yoichi Hosoya Yutaka Kamiya Koji Tanaka Atsushi Iwasaki
                Outside Directors
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2016
Apr. 2017
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Joined the Company
General Manager of Corporate Planning Department Executive Officer
General Manager of Corporate Planning Department Managing Executive Officer
General Manager of Corporate Planning Department Managing Executive Officer (current position) Director (current position)
Apr. 1987 Apr. 2014
Apr. 2016 Jun. 2016
Apr. 2017 Apr. 2018
Apr. 2020 Jun. 2020
Joined the Company
General Manager of Overseas Housing and Real Estate Department
Deputy Divisional Manager of Overseas Business Division Executive Officer
Deputy Divisional Manager of Overseas Business Division Managing Executive Officer (current position)
Deputy Divisional Manager of Overseas Housing and Real Estate Division
Divisional Manager of Overseas Housing and Real Estate Division (current position)
Director (current position)
Corporate Governance System
The Company has adopted the structure of a company with a board of statutory auditors and has a Board of Directors comprising 8 directors (7 male and 1 female), including 2 Outside Directors (1 male and 1 female), and a Board of Statutory Auditors comprising
Corporate Governance System
Provision of Financial Statements and Business Reports
Audit Reporting / Enjoinment of Acts
5 statutory auditors (5 male), including 3 Outside Statutory Auditors (3 male). Under this organizational structure, we have introduced an executive officer system to separate decision-making and supervisory functions from execution functions.
     Appointment / Dismissal
Board of Statutory Auditors
Decision-Making / Supervisory Functions
Recommendation Appointment / Supervision
Board of Directors
Appointment / Supervision
Reporting / Reporting Reporting / Recommendation Recommendation
Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee
President (Executive Committee)
      Executive Committee
 Administrative Divisions
     Dismissal Reporting
Business Divisions
 Accounting Auditor
Risk Management Committee
  Compliance BCM Sub-Committee Sub-Committee
Sustainability Committee
  Internal Audit Department
Internal Auditing
Subsidiaries and Affiliates
 Independent Officer
Junko Hirakawa (Born Oct. 9, 1947)
Independent Officer
Izumi Yamashita (Born Feb. 1, 1948)
Jul. 1971 Apr. 1998
Mar. 2002
Apr. 2003 Apr. 2005 Oct. 2007
          66
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 67
Apr. 1973 Feb. 1979
Oct. 1983 Jul. 1997
Feb. 2003 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2014
Registered as Attorney at Law admitted in Japan Registered as Attorney at Law admitted in the State of New York, U.S.A.
Partner of Yuasa and Hara
Established Hirakawa, Sato & Kobayashi
(currently City-Yuwa Partners ~)
Partner of Hirakawa, Sato & Kobayashi
Partner of City-Yuwa Partners (current position) Outside Statutory Auditor of the Company
Outside Director of the Company (current position)
Joined the Bank of Japan
Director-General of Financial Markets Department,
Bank of Japan
General Manager of Financial Marketing Division, Accenture Japan Ltd.
Executive Director of Japan Post
Deputy Governor of Japan Post
President, CEO, Representative Executive Officer of JAPAN POST INSURANCE Co., Ltd.
Chairman, Representative Executive Officer of
JAPAN POST INSURANCE Co., Ltd.
Resigned as Chairman, Representative Executive Officer of JAPAN POST INSURANCE Co., Ltd.
Outside Director of the Company (current position)
Management Strategy Directives
Reporting Supervision
Reporting
  [Important concurrent jobs] Lawyer / Outside Director of Tokyo Financial Exchange Inc. / Outside Director of Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.
Organizational Structure / Company with a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors  Number of Independent Officers / 5  Number of Board of Directors Meetings (Fiscal 2019) / 15  Adoption of the Executive Officer System / Yes  Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee / Yes  Accounting Auditor / Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC Sumitomo Forestry Basic Policy on Corporate Governance / http://sfc.jp/english/ir/management/pdf/CorporateGovernance.pdf
Auditing
Jun. 2012
Jun. 2013
Jun. 2016
[Important concurrent jobs] Outside Director of AEON Bank, Ltd.
Appointment / Dismissal
Appointment / Dismissal
General Meeting of Shareholders
Financial Audit Reporting Reporting
Execution Functions

 Governance
  status confirmation) of the role of the Board of Directors as designated by the Sumitomo Forestry Basic Policy on Corporate Governance, and by exchanging opinions with Outside Directors and Outside Statutory Auditors.
2. Results of Evaluation
・The Company’s Board of Directors was found to be functioning effectively overall, based on the results of the questionnaire, the status confirmation and an exchange of opinions with Outside Officers.
・As initiatives to address issues identified in the fiscal 2018 evaluation, the Company revised the procedures for debate at the Board of Directors as a step toward more defensive corporate governance, and clarified procedures for the impairment of fixed assets, with the aim of strengthening the monitoring functions of the Board of Directors. In meetings for interacting with Outside Officers, discussions were held about the Company’s human resources strategy and reforms to its corporate culture.
・As for future issues, the Company will steadily address issues identified in the questionnaire, such as improving the way Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee meetings are run, and better utilizing preliminary meetings among officers in
a bid to enhance deliberations by the Board of Directors. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, it was suggested that more in-depth discussions be held about the state of future business strategies.
The Company will continue to work on improving these topics to further enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Reforms to Corporate Governance
and the statutory auditors of major subsidiaries, arly in an effort to strengthen the monitoring
functions regarding the status of execution of Group management. Furthermore, in line with the monthly Board of Statutory Auditors meeting, opportunities are provided for the assigned executive officers to explain matters discussed at the Executive Committee meeting so that all statutory auditors
and Outside Directors can understand important matters in detail. The statutory auditors and representative directors
also exchange opinions regularly. This system ensures that the statutory auditors can provide adequate monitoring functions of the directors’ execution of operations from the perspective of shareholders.
The Board of Statutory Auditors met 15 times and the Group Board of Statutory Auditors met 6 times in fiscal 2019.
Attendance of Outside Officers at Board Meetings
 Corporate Philosophy
1996
2000
2005
2010
2018
2019
2020
                  1996: Formulated our Corporate Philosophy
2001: Revised the Corporate Philosophy, designated Our Values
2007: Established Our Values and Ideals and revised Our Values 2017: Added a Code of Conduct
2018: Revised to current corporate policies
             Separation of business decision- making, supervision and execution
2002 onward
: Introduced executive officer system
2014: Appointed a woman as a director
2014 onward: Total set at 12 or fewer people (Articles of Incorporation)
 Directors
 Outside Directors
2014 onward: One person 2016 onward: Increased
 Until 2009: Two people
2010 onward: Increased to three p
to two people
 Outside Statutory Auditors
eople
            Executive remuneration/ personnel
2005: Abolished
the executive retirement bonus 2015 onward: Established
the Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee
2015-2017: Introduced stock-based compensation stock option system
⇒ 2018 onward: Changed stock option to a remuneration plan for shares with
restriction on transfer
 2020 onward:
Terms of directors shortened to one year
        Various committees
2002 onward
: Established the Risk Management
Committee
2018 onward: Es
tablished the Susta
inability Committee
           Board of Directors and Executive Committee
The Board of Directors usually meets once a month, making decisions on important issues, checking up on performance and other matters, and carrying out its supervisory functions. Prior to the Board of Directors meeting, the Executive Committee, an advisory body
for the president, holds a meeting twice a month, in principle, and is attended by those directors who also serve as executive officers, as well as the full-time statutory auditors. The Board of Directors met 15 times and the Executive Committee met 31 times in fiscal 2019. Directors and statutory auditors strive to maintain a Board of Directors meeting attendance rate of at least 75%.
At the Company’s Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 23, 2020, a resolution was passed to partially amend the Articles of Incorporation that shortens the terms of directors from two years to one year, in order to increase the confidence extended by shareholders while also building a management structure able to more quickly adapt to changes in the business environment.
Director:
(fiscal 2019)
Position and Name
Board of Directors Meetings (convened 15 times)
Board of Statutory
Auditors Meetings (convened 15 times)
 Number of meetings attended
 Attendance rate
 Number of meetings attended
 Attendance rate
Director:
Junko Hirakawa
15
100 %
―
―
  Environment
1. Greenhouse gases, 2. Preservation of biodiversity (including protected lands), 3. Waste, 4. Water resources, 5. Soil pollution, 6. Noise, 7. Other
Society
1. Relationships with suppliers, 2. Prevention of corruption in various forms, including coercion and bribes, 3. Respect for human rights of workers and other stakeholders, 4. Diversity
in workforce, 5. Prohibition of forced labor and child labor, 6. Appropriate work hours and wages, 7. Occupational health and safety, 8. Impact on local communities (including residents, residents’ association, industry groups, NPOs, civic groups, and indigenous peoples)
By evaluating matters from multiple angles, including non- financial factors, the Executive Committee contributes to sustainable business management. At the same time, the Sumitomo Forestry Group will proactively continue with sustainability management.
  15 100% ― ― 15 100% 15 100%
Reasons for Appointment as Outside Director and Statutory Auditor
Izumi Yamashita
Statutory Auditor:
Yoshitsugu Minagawa
14
93%
15
100 %
Statutory Auditor:
Yoshimasa Tetsu
Statutory Auditor:
Makoto Matsuo
15
100 %
15
100 %
Statutory Audit System
Each statutory auditor audits the directors’ execution of duties utilizing the deep insights and diverse perspectives they have acquired from their various backgrounds. As assistants to
the statutory auditors, ten auditing inspectors, who double
as senior managers of major departments, are assigned particularly to enhance the function of audits from a practical perspective. Under this system, the statutory auditors attend important meetings such as Board of Directors meetings and Executive Committee meetings, and are able to obtain accurate information regarding the managerial decision-making process at appropriate times. To enhance the effectiveness of audits,
the statutory auditors strive to cooperate with the accounting auditor as well as the Internal Audit Department, receive reports regularly from the divisions responsible for risk management and compliance, accounting and labor, and monitor and verify that internal controls are functioning effectively. The statutory auditors are also provided with opportunities to express their opinions regarding the directors’ execution of operations whenever needed. In addition, the Group Board of Statutory Auditors, attended by the Company’s full-time statutory auditors
Izumi Yamashita
Assumed office in June 2016 (Reappointed in June 2018 and June 2020)
Yoshimasa Tetsu
Assumed office in June 2018
Since he has abundant experience in the financial industry and deep insight as a business manager, the Company believes that he is playing an appropriate role in strengthening the Company’s corporate governance by, among other things, making recommendations to management.
As a certified public accountant, he has a high level of specialized knowledge and a wealth of experience in financial and accounting matters, which we have determined can be utilized in the Company’s audit operations.
    Yoshitsugu Minagawa
Assumed office in June 2016
(Reappointed in June 2020)
<Analysis/Evaluation and Its Results of Effectiveness of the Board of Directors>
1. Evaluation Method
In fiscal 2019, all directors and auditors filled out a questionnaire (their names were not used and answers were sent directly
to an external party to protect anonymity) about their self- evaluation and analysis of effectiveness, while enlisting the help of an external party. The Board of Directors also evaluated its effectiveness by confirming the implementation status (below,
Name
Junko Hirakawa
Assumed office in June 2014 (Reappointed in June 2016, June 2018 and June 2020)
Reason for appointment
 As an attorney, she has practical knowledge of corporate law in Japan and abroad, and has been judged to have been playing an appropriate role in strengthening the Company’s corporate governance by, among other things, making recommendations to management from an expert’s perspective.
 Since he has abundant experience and deep insight on forestry administration as well as the agricultural, forestry and fishing sectors, the Company believes that he is utilizing these factors in auditing duties.
 <Risk Check for New Business Plans by the Executive Committee>
In addition to normal business risks, Sumitomo Forestry checks for risks throughout the entire supply chain that may affect the environment and society when the Executive Committee, which debates important matters, draws up plans for new businesses and projects. If risks are identified in this process, details about each risk and countermeasures are compiled in a report that is referred to when business execution decisions are made.
  Makoto Matsuo
Assumed office in June 2018
As a lawyer with extensive experience in corporate legal affairs both in Japan and abroad, he is expected to appropriately execute the Company’s audit operations with his specialized perspective.
68
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 69

 Governance
 Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee has been established as an advisory body to the Board of Directors to ensure transparency and fairness, and solicit opinions, in the nomination of director and statutory auditor candidates and executive officers; the removal of directors, statutory auditors and executive officers; the evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers; and decisions about remuneration for directors and executive officers. The committee is comprised of the Chairman of the Board, the President, and all of the Outside Officers (2 Outside Directors and 3 Outside Statutory Auditors) so that the majority of members are Outside Officers. An Outside Director serves as the committee chair.
Attendance at Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee Meetings (fiscal 2019)
Upon completion of an audit, the Internal Audit Department submits audit reports to the president, assigned executive officers and statutory auditors and shares information with them.
Executive Remuneration
Sumitomo Forestry has created an officer remuneration system commensurate with the duties of directors and statutory auditors that are expected by stakeholders in order to realize its Corporate Philosophy.
(Remuneration for Directors (Excluding Outside Directors))
Remuneration for directors, excluding Outside Directors, is comprised of three different types: monthly remuneration and restricted stocks as basic remuneration and a bonus as performance-linked remuneration.
The Company sets the amount of remuneration commensurate with the duties and responsibilities of each director’s position. Basic remuneration is paid in a fixed amount of cash according to position, with a certain percentage paid
in the form of restricted stocks. The amount of cash payments complies with a remuneration framework approved by resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders. The amount of restricted stocks paid out does not exceed ¥100 million per year, per a resolution passed by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Restricted stock remuneration is offered as a medium- and long-term incentive to increase the motivation and ambition of officers to enhance the corporate value of Sumitomo Forestry, while also sharing this value with our shareholders to increase the Company’s share price.
Performance-linked remuneration is awarded in amounts approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders that are commensurate with profit attributable to owners of the parent as well as consolidated recurring income, excluding actuarial differences in retirement benefit accounting.
Basic Remuneration: Monthly Remuneration
At the 76th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 24, 2016, passage of a resolution set remuneration at up to ¥40 million per month.
Basic Remuneration: Restricted Stock
As of the 78th General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 22, 2018, the Company introduced a remuneration system for allocating shares with restrictions on their transfer, in lieu of stock-based compensation stock options. The maximum limit of monetary remuneration for Directors (excluding Outside Directors) allocated through restricted stock was resolved to be ¥100 million annually. In addition, with this resolution, excluding those that have already been issued, remuneration of stock- based compensation stock options in the form of share options was abolished.
Performance-Linked Remuneration
A set amount is approved at the annual Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
(Outside Director Remuneration)
Remuneration for Outside Directors consists solely of monthly remuneration as basic remuneration.
A resolution was approved by the 76th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 24, 2016, that limits this monthly remuneration to no more than ¥5 million per month. (Statutory Auditor Remuneration)
Statutory auditor remuneration consists solely of monthly remuneration as basic remuneration. A resolution was approved by the 74th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 20, 2014, that limits this monthly remuneration to no more than ¥8 million per month.
At the 65th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2005, the Company abolished the executive retirement bonus. We reference the results of a third-party assessment of executive remuneration at Japanese companies to ensure the objectivity and fairness of executive remuneration and set an appropriate level of remuneration.
shareholders and investors, actively and in a swift and fair manner.
(Initiatives to Encourage Execution of Voting Rights)
The Company sends out notices three weeks prior to the General Meeting of Shareholders and avoids dates when many companies hold their meetings so that a greater number of shareholders can participate. A resolution to partially amend the Articles of Incorporation, changing the start and end of the fiscal year to January 1 and December 31, was approved at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 23, 2020. As a consequence, the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders will be held every March starting in 2021.
In addition, shareholders can use the internet and other electronic means to exercise their voting rights. We also make use of the electronic proxy voting platform for institutional investors operated by ICJ, Inc. for proxy voting.
(Disclosure of a Wide Range of Information)
On the Company’s website, we release a wide range of information related to our investor relations (IR) activities, including securities reports (Japanese only), notices of shareholder meetings and subsequent resolutions, financial results, earnings presentation materials, and monthly order information.
(IR Activities)
The Company is enhancing its IR activities to communicate its management vision, the state of operations, financial position and other information timely and clearly with shareholders and investors. As a means to directly communicate with shareholders and investors, the Company holds earnings presentations and telephone conferences for securities analysts and institutional investors in Japan. For overseas investors, the Company visits locations in Europe and the United States and holds individual meetings continuously. For individual investors, the Company regularly participates in joint company presentations and IR forums.
 Position*
Name
Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee
 Number of meetings attended
 Attendance rate (%)
Director, Chairman of the Board
Ryu Yano
3
100
Director, President
Akira Ichikawa
3
100
Director (Outside)
Junko Hirakawa
3
100
Director (Outside)
Izumi Yamashita
3
100
Statutory Auditor (Outside)
Yoshitsugu Minagawa
3
100
Statutory Auditor (Outside)
Yoshimasa Tetsu
3
100
Statutory Auditor (Outside)
Makoto Matsuo
3
100
Remuneration (fiscal 2019)
Statutory
Auditors (Excluding Outside Statutory Auditors)
(Millions of yen)
  Total Remuneration
Total Remuneration by Type
  Monthly Remuneration
Stock Compensation
Bonuses
Number of Eligible Officers
        * Positions as of March 31, 2020.
Cooperation between Statutory Auditors, the Accounting Auditor and the Internal Audit Department
Statutory auditors monitor the independence of the accounting auditor and comprehensively verify the appropriateness of financial reports, accounting policies, accounting methods
and other matters with reference to fair accounting standards, referring to opinions from the accounting auditor. Statutory auditors and the accounting auditor hold meetings, and information is exchanged in a timely fashion to facilitate smooth and effective audits. The Internal Audit Department is in
charge of conducting internal audits and periodically performs implementation audits and documentation audits of Sumitomo Forestry and Group companies. After audits are concluded,
the results of the audits are reported to related parties with guidance for corrective actions and other initiatives to ensure the appropriateness of business operations. The Internal Audit Department collaborates with statutory auditors to conduct audits of the appropriateness and legality of daily business activities across the entire Group.
* The 80th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 23, 2020 approved a resolution that sets the amount of performance-linked remuneration for eight directors, excluding Outside Directors.
System to Ensure Management Transparency
(Basic Policy on Disclosure)
To increase transparency in management, we actively disclose not only the information required to be disclosed by various laws and regulations, but also other items deemed useful to
Directors (Excluding Outside Directors)
516
335
38
143*
8
            48
48
-
-
2
      Outside Officers
55
55
-
-
5
      Sustainability Committee
Sumitomo Forestry established a Sustainability Committee in fiscal 2018 in response to increased demand for medium- to long-term initiatives regarding Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) and the disclosure of such information, and also in order to address SDGs, TCFD guidelines, and human rights issues. The Sustainability Committee is comprised of executive officers and directors, as well as general managers, with the President and Executive Officer acting as the committee chairman. At committee meetings held four times a year, committee members monitor the Company’s operational status and effectiveness within the context of Our Values and the Code of Conduct, along with the formulation and promotion of initiatives that address medium- to long- term ESG issues which concern the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s sustainability, starting with climate change. The meetings also analyze risks and opportunities, and manage progress on the Medium-Term Sustainability Targets, which incorporate business strategies that contribute to achieving SDGs.
For example, regarding climate change, the Company evaluates risks and opportunities that could have a serious financial impact at the Companywide and division level, based on the latest information and data gathered from each department. Since fiscal 2018, the Company has been analyzing scenarios based on TCFD while coordinating with each business division.
Minutes of the committee’s meetings are reported in their entirety to the Board of Directors with the aim of integrating business with solutions to social issues.
   70
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 71

 Governance
 Risk Management
Establishment of Internal Controls System
The Company has adopted a basic policy on the establishment of an internal controls system at the Board of Directors
meeting as well as Our Values to embody our corporate philosophy, summarizing the Code of Conduct that all officers and employees of the Group should follow, and has established a system to secure the soundness of our business in accordance with the Companies Act.
Risk Management System
To strengthen the risk management system for the entire Group, the Company has formulated the Risk Management Basic Regulations. Accordingly, the President and Executive Officer of Sumitomo Forestry has been appointed as the
highest authority on risk management for the Sumitomo Forestry Group. Executive Officers in charge of the Head Office Administrative Division and each business division are appointed to positions responsible for risk management and head office risk management, while general managers are responsible
for advancing risk management. The basic regulations also comprehensively encompass risks with ESG aspects.
The Company has established the Risk Management Committee, which is chaired by the President and Executive Officer and comprised of all other executive officers. Each executive officer identifies and analyzes manageable risks in their respective field and formulates action plans. The committee meets regularly once every quarter to share and discuss the
state of plan execution. The committee discusses short-term risks, such as compliance pertaining to prevention of corruption and other matters, and responses to risks that have already materialized. These activities are reported to the Board of Directors, and reflected in business execution.
Established under the umbrella of the Risk Management Committee, the Compliance Subcommittee and the BCM Subcommittee are comprised of the general manager of the General Administration Department, who serves as committee chairman, and the staff in charge of risk management, including those of the departments supervising subsidiaries. These subcommittees work to enhance the effectiveness of
risk management pertaining to Group-wide risks, namely, compliance risks related to core business and business interruption.
In fiscal 2019, the Risk Management Committee convened four times, the Compliance Subcommittee twice, and the BCM Subcommittee four times, and the Board of Directors received reports from them four times.
At the outset of fiscal 2020, to properly address changing risks in the environment surrounding the Sumitomo Forestry Group, the seriousness of each risk was analyzed in terms of the degree of impact and probability it will materialize, and added to the scope for risk management. In this way, the Company strengthens its risk management structure by seeking continuous improvements through a PDCA cycle for risks it initially identified as critical.
(Rapidly Identifying and Responding to Risk)
In addition to the normal reporting line, we have a "two-hours rule," which is a system designed to rapidly and accurately relay information to the management via the headquarters’ risk management division in the event of an emergency situation that may cause a serious impact on Company management.
This allows us to make swift and optimal management decisions and take immediate action so as to avoid or minimize losses. The information thus reported is also used to compile case studies, which are shared to prevent recurrences of the same incident and improve business operation. When a major issue arises, the information is shared with the Corporate Communications Department and disclosed to stakeholders in a timely and appropriate manner.
Compliance Promotion System
The Compliance Subcommittee responds to compliance risk across the Group. The subcommittee has set Group standards, including management systems and tools for legal compliance with the Construction Business Act and other laws and regulations, and efficiently responds to compliance risk. The subcommittee was convened twice in fiscal 2019 and undertook ongoing improvement of the compliance system. Specific steps included continuing Group-wide initiatives from the previous fiscal year of conducting simultaneous inspections of risks regarding legal and regulatory requirements, such as permits and licenses business. Moreover, at a compliance seminar to which external experts were invited as instructors, the Group provided opportunities for individuals in charge of compliance at each company, including subsidiaries, to keep up with up-to- date knowledge, improve their skill levels, work on the same
level as others, and develop a shared awareness of risk. These activities of the subcommittee are reported quarterly to the Board of Directors, putting a system in place to reflect the findings in business execution. The activities are also reported to the Statutory Auditors and the Internal Audit Department monthly. Critical Group-wide matters and risk information are shared with the statutory auditors of each Group company through the Group Board of Statutory Auditors. We maintain a compliance promotion framework through an approach on and off the business execution line.
(Internal Audits)
Sumitomo Forestry’s Internal Audit Department operations encompass a scope of around 200 business sites including subsidiaries, and the department selects around 60 business sites to undergo internal auditing each year. These business sites are given priority and selected based on two perspectives: operational risks (performance, scale, business complexity)
and risk control (management system for risks). The audits
are conducted to verify the status of each business site’s business execution, including compliance, and management
of administrative actions. The results of these assessments
are reported to the president, executive officer in charge of internal audits and statutory auditors as well as managers, executive officers and directors in charge of the business sites being audited. In the case that audit findings are made, the Internal Audit Department verifies that improvements are being implemented at the business site by requesting written reports and implementing quarterly follow-up audits in line with laws and internal regulations. These actions are reported to the president and executive officer in charge of internal audits.
     Two-Hours Rule and Use of Risk Information
 Incident occurs
Within two hours
Incident reported
Division where the incident occurred
General Administration Department
Management
Information shared
Corporate Communications Department
    Make swift and optimal management decisions
Minimize loss with appropriate initial response
Utilize the incident report to prevent recurrence and improve operations
    * The previous BCP Subcommittee's name was changed to the BCM Subcommittee in April 2019 in order to facilitate the reinforcement of the Business Continuity Management (BCM) structure of the entire Group inside and outside Japan. The BCM Subcommittee aims to improve business continuity against various risks, expand alternative bases, and strengthen functions at the Emergency Headquarters.
     Risk Management Structure of the Sumitomo Forestry Group
President
[ Head Office ] [ Division ]
 Highest Authority on Risk Management
Executive officer responsible for general administration
(concurrently works as the person responsible for risk management at the head office)
Assistant to the Highest Authority on Risk Management
General Manager of the General Administration Department
   < Risk Management Unit >
Each Field with Person Responsible for Risk Management (including supervising affiliated companies)
 Office Manager
  Executive Officer in Charge
General Manager *Including oversight of subsidiaries
Person designated by General Manager
Divisional Manager
General Manager *Including oversight of subsidiaries
Person designated by General Manager
Other Executive Officers (Deputy Divisional Manager, etc.)
  Person Responsible for Risk Management
 Person Responsible for Risk Management
 Person in Charge of Risk Management
Person Responsible for Head Office Risk Management
  Person Responsible for Risk Management
 Person in Charge of Risk Management
Assistant to the Person Responsible for Head Office Risk Management
   72
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 73

  Governance
 Managing Business Continuity
System for Managing Business Continuity
Sumitomo Forestry has established the BCM Subcommittee to address risks such as major natural disasters and outbreaks of new strains of influenza, which could interrupt operations, that are extremely difficult for a company to prevent on its own, and can have serious impacts on headquarters functions. The BCM Subcommittee is responsible for spreading awareness
of and strengthening the business continuity management (BCM) structure, formulating, revising and improving business continuity plans (BCP), and conducting drills based on BCP. In fiscal 2019, the BCM Subcommittee met four times to address issues related to improving business continuity and enhancing the resilience of the entire Group, including ascertaining important initial actions to be taken in the event of a major earthquake, such as one underneath the Tokyo metropolitan area, and planning and operating various emergency drills.
Ensuring Employee Safety and Continuation of Company Operations
The Sumitomo Forestry Group has distributed a portable
risk response card to all Group employees in Japan. The
card contains instructions to follow in the event of a major earthquake as well as rules for reporting to supervisors in their divisions. All Group companies in Japan have introduced safety confirmation systems linked to weather information, in addition to the emergency contact networks within the organization in order to obtain as much information as possible about the safety of employees before communication lines become congested and restrictions are placed on outgoing communications. These initiatives allow safety confirmations to be made via multiple routes. Furthermore, safety confirmation drills are conducted at domestic Group companies every year. In fiscal 2019, a total of 14,669 people participated in these drills.
In response to COVID-19, Sumitomo Forestry introduced a flexible work schedule system Companywide, and put employees on staggered shifts to reduce the number of people at work at the same time, while encouraging employees to balance working from home with commuting to work. During the state of emergency, employees in regions subject to lockdown were required in principle to work from home.
Initiatives towards Supply Chain Business Continuity Initiatives
In preparation for the potential disruption of its Housing and Construction Business supply chain following a major disaster, Sumitomo Forestry shares the specifications and processes for
property construction along with site progress statuses and other information with business partners, including component makers and building contractors. By enabling advanced procurement of materials and production, the Company is striving to reduce the risk of a disruption to operations.
The COVID-19 outbreak spreading across the world in 2020, however, led to delays in parts and materials procurement and construction projects. In light of these circumstances, in
the event of an earthquake or other natural disaster, or a fire accident, we asked our suppliers to examine their methods
for reporting disasters to Sumitomo Forestry and developing systems for historical records management.
To deal with delays in parts and materials procurement caused by COVID-19, Sumitomo Forestry asked its suppliers
to stockpile inventories of materials that experienced delays,
as a short-term preparation for a second wave of coronavirus infections. For medium- to long-term preparations, Sumitomo Forestry plans to work with its suppliers on reducing risk by geographically dispersing their production bases. Regarding suppliers of construction materials and other materials, Sumitomo Forestry added questions related to business continuity, such as whether alternate supply routes can
be ensured during an emergency, to the supplier survey it conducts every year to facilitate decisions on whether to continue transactions with each supplier. Through these efforts, the Company strives to further reduce the risk of business disruption.
Maintaining Customer Service
Sumitomo Forestry has set up call centers in Tokyo and Okinawa that are able to provide 24-hour after-sales services, developing a mechanism whereby either call center can back up the functions of the other call center in the event of a disaster.
By managing information for each base through a unified emergency system, the Company can share disaster information pertaining to owners nationwide, enabling a quick response to requests for repairs.
BCP simulation training sessions
Financial Section
 74
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 75
 
 Eleven-Year Consolidated Financial Summary
¥ Million
2010
¥723,923 124,269 114,522
9,747 9,465 2,377 7,101
¥469,738 88,338 66,786 162,930
¥ 37,239 (19,117)
11,546 71,662
¥ 10,636 1,561 395 12,592 8,502
Yen
¥ 13.42 917.82 15.0
%
17.2 1.3 1.3 2.1 1.5 34.6 29.1 140.3 31.8
Financial Section
            (Years ended March 31)
Operating Results:
Net sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income
Recurring income
Profit attributable to owners of the parent / Net income Recurring income (excluding actuarial differences)
Financial Position:
Total assets
Working capital*1 Interest-bearing debt Total net assets
Cash Flows:
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investment activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
Capital Investment:
Tangible fixed assets Intangible fixed assets Others
Total
Depreciation and amortization
Per Share Data:
Profit attributable to owners of the parent / Net income Net assets
Cash dividends
Financial Ratios:
Gross profit margin
Operating income margin Recurring income margin Return on assets (ROA)*2 Return on equity (ROE)*2
Equity ratio
Interest-bearing debt ratio*3 Current ratio
Interest coverage ratio (times)*4
2020
2019
¥1,308,893 232,146 182,899 49,247 51,436 29,160 54,846
2018
¥1,221,998 219,315 166,294 53,021 57,865 30,135 55,574
2017
¥1,113,364 204,138 150,149 53,989 57,841 34,532 52,860
2016
¥1,040,524 183,134 153,041 30,093 30,507 9,727 42,038
2015
¥997,256 169,492 135,498
33,994 36,424 18,572 36,681
¥665,538 158,110 103,369 260,782
¥ 14,709 (23,575) (17,286)
103,296
¥ 12,617 2,488 282 15,388 11,453
¥ 104.85 1,387.39 21.5
17.0 3.4 3.7 5.6 8.0 36.9 29.6 154.1 12.6
2014
¥972,968 160,162 126,747
33,415 33,567 22,531 34,586
¥645,197 120,725 92,975 226,078
¥ 54,057 (10,476)
8,511 128,343
¥ 14,735 2,417 252 17,404 9,810
¥ 127.20 1,234.53 19.0
16.5 3.4 3.4 5.6 11.0 33.9 29.8 137.0 44.2
2013 2012 2011
¥845,184 ¥831,870 ¥797,493 141,436 136,873 132,568 116,105 117,682 118,330
25,330 19,191 14,238 26,981 20,714 14,206 15,923 9,271 5,175 26,630 25,631 16,998
¥547,973 ¥503,496 ¥489,417 91,335 94,509 89,665 69,229 67,923 69,229
193,250 169,335 163,110
¥ 45,910 ¥ 26,873 ¥ 17,515 (28,662) (32,903) (13,247)
(5,305) (5,622) 372 75,658 63,839 75,582
¥ 7,058 ¥ 10,970 ¥ 11,923 2,890 2,786 2,434 343 194 215 10,291 13,950 14,572 8,978 8,469 8,437
¥ 89.89 ¥ 52.34 ¥ 29.21 1,086.68 954.81 919.54 17.0 15.0 15.0
16.7 16.5 16.6 3.0 2.3 1.8 3.2 2.5 1.8 5.1 4.2 3.0 8.8 5.6 3.2
35.1 33.6 33.3
26.5 28.7 29.8 133.1 137.1 136.8
             ¥1,104,094
 242,689
 191,312
 51,377
 58,824
 27,853
 61,396
                                                                                                         ¥
¥
¥ 17,079 2,171 1,302 20,552 13,727
¥ 168.49 1,719.05 40.0
17.9 4.3 4.7 6.8 10.3 34.7 39.2 158.8 9.6
899,120 209,506 200,630 345,639
13,732 (46,250) 25,156
125,555
¥
¥
¥ 50,940 2,839 349 54,128 12,887
¥ 194.95 1,552.04 35.0
18.3 4.8 5.2 7.7 13.3 34.6 37.3 158.8 27.1
794,360 190,386 163,817 295,857
40,337 (62,350) 14,267
132,707
¥
¥
¥ 18,042 2,006 400 20,448 11,753
¥ 54.92 1,374.47 24.0
17.6 2.9 2.9 4.4 4.0 34.3 32.8 156.9 43.1
710,318 178,215 119,069 265,257
45,705 (9,972)
1,813 141,265
                                                                                                                                                                                                            17.7
 3.8
 3.9
 5.5
 9.3
 32.8
 43.9
 163.2
                                                                                                    20.1
34.9 20.0
13.7
           76
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 77
*1. Working capital = Current assets – Current liabilities
*2. ROA and ROE are calculated using the simple average of beginning and end of term balance sheet figures. *3. Interest-bearing debt ratio = Interest-bearing debt / (Interest-bearing debt + Shareholders’ equity)
*4. Interest coverage ratio (times) = Cash flows from operating activities / Interest payments
¥1,004,768
¥ 970,976
  273,167
 357,064
236,047
  268,491
248,885
 353,489
    ¥ 45,724
¥ 40,689
  (38,874)
(71,659)
  1,142
11,523
  112,565
105,102
    ¥ 32,473
¥ 16,925
  4,028
3,439
  1,402
850
  37,903
21,214
  14,388
13,696
     ¥ 153.54
¥ 160.80
  1,777.57
 40.0
1,755.06
 40.0
   22.0
 4.7
 5.3
 6.0
 8.8
 32.1
 45.4
 175.3
 16.9
 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis (FY Ended March 2020)
in the proviso of Section 84 of the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition,” the cumulative impact of retroactively applying the new accounting policy to fiscal years prior to the fiscal year under review is reflected in retained earnings at the beginning of the fiscal year under review, and the new accounting policy is applied starting with the balance at the start of the fiscal year.
1 Separate out fulfilled and unfulfilled performance   obligations
2 Calculate transaction prices
3 Allocate transaction prices to fulfilled and unfulfilled   performance obligations
The result of these changes was to decrease net sales by ¥240,302 million and the cost of sales by ¥245,901 million in the fiscal year under review, and to increase operating income, recurring income and income before income taxes and minority interests by ¥5,599 million each. Additionally, the balance of retained earnings at the beginning of the fiscal year was reduced by ¥6,437 million.
  Market Overview
During the fiscal year under review, the world economy moderately improved overall, thanks to a stronger economy in
the United States amid robust employment conditions, despite a minor deceleration in the Chinese economy due to trade friction with the United States. The Japanese economy gently recovered on improvement in employment and wage conditions, despite signs of weakness in exports and manufacturing. However, the COVID-19 outbreak at the beginning of the year has depressed economic activities both inside and outside Japan, increasing uncertainty about future business conditions.
In the domestic housing market where the Sumitomo Forestry Group has deep ties, the number of new housing starts decreased from the previous fiscal year, owing to a sharp drop in construction of rental housing due to financial institutions taking a stricter stance on lending, in addition to a snapback from the consumption tax hike. In the United States, where
the Sumitomo Forestry Group develops business, the housing market was brisk thanks to favorable employment conditions and lower interest rates for home mortgages. In Australia, the housing market slumped due to the ongoing correction in home prices and stricter lending standards for home loans.
In this business environment, the Sumitomo Forestry Group kicked off the 2021 Medium-Term Management Plan, a three-year plan that targets net sales of ¥1,260 billion, recurring income of ¥85 billion (excluding actuarial differences under retirement benefit accounting) and ROE of at least 10% by its final year which will be the Company’s 82nd fiscal year.
The four basic policies of the medium-term management plan are to promote future-oriented business strategies for further growth, strengthen the management base for sustainable growth, accelerate R&D and technological innovation utilizing timber, and promote further integration
of business operations and ESG initiatives. Based on this plan, Sumitomo Forestry will strengthen its business foundation and advance its operations into the future.
During the fiscal year under review, the Sumitomo Forestry Group concentrated on advancing operations towards further growth by participating in real estate development projects in Southeast Asia and expanding its business area
in Australia, in addition to further developing the real estate development in the United States, which is involved in the detached housing business, and the development of multi-family housing and commercial and mixed-use facilities. In September 2019, the Tsukuba Research Institute, the Sumitomo Forestry Group’s R&D base, constructed a new research building out of wood. As a research base for the W350 Plan*, this new research building utilizes many new technologies that increase the value of trees.
income grew 14.4% to ¥58,824 million and profit attributable to owners of the parent declined 4.5% to ¥27,853 million.
Actuarial differences arising from accounting for retirement benefits had a negative impact of ¥3,410 million
in the previous fiscal year and a negative impact of ¥2,572 million in the fiscal year under review. Excluding these actuarial differences, recurring income was ¥54,846 million in the previous fiscal year and ¥61,396 million in the fiscal year under review, an increase of 11.9% year on year.
As a result of the adoption of accounting standards for revenue recognition from the fiscal year under review, net sales decreased by ¥240,302 million, while operating income and recurring income each increased by ¥5,599 million.
Return on equity (ROE) was 8.8%, a decline from 9.3% in the previous fiscal year. The Company still targets ROE of at least 10%.
procuring some housing materials in the domestic housing business as a result of restrictions on exports in China.
“Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30). From the fiscal year beginning on April 1, 2018, this accounting standard
can be adopted, and Sumitomo Forestry decided to apply
this accounting standard for revenue recognition from the beginning of the fiscal year under review. Revenue is now recognized in amounts expected to be received for the exchange of deliverables or services at the time when control over promised deliverables or services are transferred to the customer. Below are the main changes that resulted from the adoption of accounting standards for revenue recognition.
1 Revenue recognition related to agent transactions
2 Revenue recognition related to construction contracts 3 Revenue recognition related to warranty services
In accordance with the transitional treatment set forth
* Research and technology development concept that aims to realize a timberized eco-city centered on 350-meter ultra-high-rise wooden building structures.
Consolidated Operating Results
Net sales fell 15.6% year on year to ¥1,104,094 million, operating income increased 4.3% to ¥51,377 million, recurring
Financial Section
   78
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 79
Impact from COVID-19
The COVID-19 outbreak did not have a significant impact on earnings for the fiscal year under review, despite delays
 Change in Accounting Policy
On March 30, 2018, the ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29) and
Number of New Housing Starts in Japan
(Thousands of units)
Amount of Orders Received
in Japan (Housing and Construction Business)
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
1,500 1,200 900 600 300 0000
1,000 800 600 400 200
Owner-occupied housing
Built-for-sale housing
Rental housing Corporate housing
Source: Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism
SG&A Expenses and SG&A Expenses Ratio
(Billions of yen) (%)
400
300
200
100
Custom-built detached housing (Left) Apartment (Right)
Recurring Income and Recurring Income Margin
40
30
20
10
                              200 150 100
50 0
2060 1545 10 30
5 15 0 0
6.040
4.530
3.0 20
1.5 10
0.0 0 (Years ended March 31)
Recurring income
Excluding the effect of actuarial gains and losses) (Left) Recurring income margin
Excluding the effect of actuarial gains and losses) (Right)
16
12
8
4
0
(Years ended March 31)
Profit attributable to owners of the parent (Left) ROE (Right)
16 17 18 19 20
(Years ended March 31)
16 17 18 19 20
(Years ended March 31)
16 17 18 19 20
(Years ended March 31)
Profit Attributable to
Owners of the Parent and ROE
(Billions of yen) (%)
(Billions of yen)
(%)
                                        16 17 18 19 20
(Years ended March 31)
16 17 18 19 20
16 17 18 19 20
SG&A expenses
( Excluding the effect of actuarial gains and losses) (Left)
SG&A expenses ratio*
( Excluding the effect of actuarial gains and losses) (Right)
*SG&A expenses ratio = SG&A expenses / Net sales
( (
 
 Financial Section
 Housing and Construction Business
(Years ended March 31)
Orders
Custom-Built Detached Housing Apartment
Renovation (Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech Co., Ltd.) Sales
Custom-Built Detached Housing Apartment
Spec Homes
Renovation (Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech Co., Ltd.)
2017
¥288,458 7,427 ¥ 22,540 1,519 ¥ 63,202
¥306,307 8,098 ¥ 22,125 1,551 ¥ 11,206 292 ¥ 61,245
2018
¥290,326 7,608 ¥ 17,195 948 ¥ 63,315
¥288,582 7,556 ¥ 20,114 1,353 ¥ 12,360 308 ¥ 62,700
2019 2020 ¥343,204
8,513 ¥ 20,872 1,071 ¥ 73,661
¥291,921 7,628 ¥ 17,821 1,074 ¥ 11,929 272 ¥ 66,720
Segment Performance Highlights
2019 Net Sales ¥1,308,893 Timber and Building Materials Business 487,091 Housing and Construction Business 452,839 Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business 364,878 Environment and Resources Business 19,526 Other Businesses 22,272
Adjustments (37,712) Recurring Income ¥ 51,436
2020
(Millions of yen)
Change Percent of change – 204,799 – 15.6% – 263,463 – 54.1% + 21,165 + 4.7% + 34,481 + 9.5% – 263 – 1.3% + 1,153 + 5.2%
   (Years ended March 31)
   ¥289,342
 7,726
 ¥ 18,294
 966
 ¥ 60,701
   ¥310,999
 7,427
 ¥ 17,957
 959
 ¥ 13,979
 311
 ¥ 66,982
        ¥1,104,094
 223,627
 474,003
 399,360
 19,263
 23,425
 (35,584)
   ¥ 58,824
 6,095
 22,570
 34,541
 3,551
 1,484
 (9,419)
            (¥ million) (Units) (¥ million) (Units) (¥ million)
(¥ million) (Units) (¥ million) (Units) (¥ million) (Units) (¥ million)
+ 2,127
̶
                                                        + 7,387 + 14.4% – 1,885 – 23.6% + 972 + 4.5% + 8,729 + 33.8% – 461 – 11.5%
        Timber and Building Materials Business 7,980
Housing and Construction Business 21,598
Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business 25,812
Environment and Resources Business 4,012
Other Businesses 85
Adjustments (8,052) – 1,368
̶ ̶
                                + 1,400
                *Net sales include intersegment sales and transfers.
Adjustments under net sales and recurring income include net sales and some selling, general and administrative expenses at the General Administration Department that cannot be allocated to specific businesses.
 Net Sales and Recurring Income of Main Subsidiaries
Timber and Building Materials Business
(Years ended March 31)
Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.
(Years ended December 31)
Overseas Subsidiaries*
PT. Kutai Timber Indonesia (Indonesia) Nelson Pine Industries Ltd. (New Zealand)
Housing and Construction Business
(Years ended March 31)
Sumitomo Forestry Residential Co., Ltd. Sumitomo Forestry Home Service Co., Ltd. Sumitomo Forestry Landscaping Co., Ltd. Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech Co., Ltd.
Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business
(Years ended December 31) Overseas Subsidiaries* Housing Business in the U.S. Housing Business in Australia
(Millions of yen)
Net Sales     Recurring Income
  2019 2020 33,752
2018
13,470 17,327
2019 2020
 ¥ 33,119
 ¥ 387
 ¥ 503
 2019
   2018
  2019
    ¥
¥
¥
¥262,195 80,377
    ¥ 12,472
 ¥ 72
 ¥ 193
 14,841
  2,039
  740
       Net Sales     Recurring Income
  2019 2020 27,748
7,579 25,565 70,317
2019 2020
  ¥ 29,357
 ¥ 1,465
 ¥ 1,702
 8,107
 536
 698
 27,599
  1,317
  1,168
 70,226
 3,229
 2,297
           Net Sales     Recurring Income
  2018 2019
2018 2019
     ¥303,968
 ¥31,040
 ¥35,876
 72,271
  4,560
  2,944
         * Figures for overseas subsidiaries have been translated into Japanese yen at the following rates:
US$ 2018.12: 110.44 2019.12: 109.01
AU$ 82.53 75.80
NZ$ 76.43 71.86
 80
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 81
Financial Position and Cash Flow
1 Financial Position
Total assets were ¥1,004,768 million at the end of fiscal 2020, an increase of ¥33,792 million year on year. The increase in total assets was attributable mainly to an increase in receivables for completed construction work, reflecting a change in accounting methods for revenue recognition for construction contracts, as well as an increase in buildings and structures in conjunction with the building of new serviced homes for the elderly. Liabilities increased ¥30,217 million compared to the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥647,704 million due mainly to the new issuance of corporate bonds and an increase in long-term debt. Net assets totaled ¥357,064 million, and the equity ratio was 32.1%.
2 Cash Flow
Cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2020 stood at ¥112,565 million, an increase of ¥7,463 million from the end of the previous fiscal year.
A summary of cash flows in fiscal 2019 is presented below.
Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled ¥45,724 million (compared with ¥40,689 million in the previous fiscal year). This increase reflected the posting of ¥55,118 million in income before income taxes and minority interests, despite
a decline in capital resulting from an increase in inventories
associated with expansion of the domestic and overseas house and land package business.
Cash flows from investment activities
Net cash used in investment activities totaled ¥38,874 million (compared with ¥71,659 million in the previous fiscal year). This was due mainly to the use of funds to develop multi-family housing and commercial and mixed-use facilities in the United States, and to acquire stakes in equity-method affiliates.
Cash flows from financing activities
Net cash provided by financing activities totaled ¥1,142 million (compared with ¥11,523 million in the previous fiscal year). This was due to an inflow of funds provided by the issuance of straight corporate bonds, despite outflows for the payment of dividends.
Regarding the capital resources and capital liquidity of the Sumitomo Forestry Group, the Company’s basic policy is to take a flexible approach to optimizing fund-raising methods based on the long/short-term use of funds, while staggering repayment timelines and reducing procurement costs. In response to the COIVD-19 pandemic, Sumitomo Forestry has taken a variety of measures to lessen risks in fund procurement, such as by maintaining business relationships with financial institutions, dispersing fund-raising sources, and setting up commitment lines with a number of financial institutions. As of the end of the fiscal year under review, interest-bearing debt totaled ¥268,491 million, including loans and lease obligations.

 Consolidated Balance Sheet
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2020 and 2019
ASSETS Current assets:
Cash and time deposit (Notes 7, 11, 15)
Notes and accounts receivable, trade (Notes 7, 15, 16)
Accounts receivable from completed construction contracts (Note 7) Marketable securities (Notes 5, 11, 15, 16)
Finished goods, logs, lumber, boards and others
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts (Note 7)
Real estate for sale (Note 7)
Real estate for sale in process (Note 7)
Short-term loans receivable (Note 11)
Accounts receivable, other (Notes 7, 15)
Other (Note 7)
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Noncurrent assets:
Property, plant and equipment:
Buildings and structures (Notes 7, 18):
Accumulated depreciation
Buildings and structures, net
Machinery, equipment and vehicles (Note 7):
Accumulated depreciation
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net Land (Notes 7, 18)
Timber
Leased assets:
Accumulated depreciation
Leased assets, net Construction in progress (Note 7) Other:
Accumulated depreciation
Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets: Goodwill
Other
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities (Notes 5, 7, 15) Long-term loans receivable
Asset for retirement benefits (Note 17) Deferred tax assets (Notes 7, 8)
Other (Note 7)
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets Total noncurrent assets
Total assets
Financial Section
 3 Capital Expenditures (Capital Investment)
The Sumitomo Forestry Group (Sumitomo Forestry and its consolidated subsidiaries) spent ¥37,903 million on capital expenditures. In the Timber and Building Materials Business, capital expenditures amounted to ¥4,061 million, including
for the construction of a construction material manufacturing plant and the purchase of machinery and equipment. In the Housing and Construction Business, capital expenditures totaled ¥3,399 million, for investments to build new model homes and in systems to improve business efficiency. Capital expenditures came to ¥13,962 million in the Overseas Housing and Real
Estate Business, mainly for the building of new model homes and the development of multi-family housing and commercial and mixed-use facilities. In the Environment and Resources Business, capital expenditures of ¥1,677 million were made
for afforestation activities. In Other Business, the Company spent ¥10,705 million on capital expenditures to construct serviced homes for the elderly and for investments in systems to increase business efficiency. The amounts shown above include investments in tangible fixed assets, intangible fixed assets, and long-term prepaid expenses. The Company did not dispose or sell any critical equipment during the fiscal year under review.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 4)
 2020
  2019
  2020
     ¥ 92,774
 ¥ 82,421
 $ 852,464
 123,030
 135,636
 1,130,477
 34,766
  9,601
  319,451
 3,658
5,304
33,612
 18,949
 20,588
 174,115
 1,254
  1,443
  11,521
 8,188
8,039
75,240
 14,164
 26,945
 130,146
 66,734
 63,736
 613,195
 185,405
  173,472
  1,703,625
 20,461
20,267
188,004
 46,377
 45,967
 426,140
 20,845
  16,756
  191,537
 (545)
 (355)
 (5,006)
 636,059
 609,820
 5,844,520
           Total Assets and Total Net Assets
(Billions of yen)
1,000 800 600 400
Capital Expenditures and Depreciation and Amortization (Billions of yen)
60 45 30
Interest-Bearing Debt and Interest-Bearing Debt Ratio (Billions of yen) (%)
300 60 240 48 180 36 120 24
                200 15 60 12 0000
     16 17 18 19 20
(As of March 31) Total assets Total net assets
16 17 18 19 20
16 17 18 19 20
(As of March 31)
Interest-bearing debt (Left) Interest-bearing debt ratio (Right)
(Years ended March 31) Depreciation and amortization
Capital expenditures
             100,932
  87,084
  927,427
 (42,496)
(39,850)
(390,484)
 58,436
 47,234
 536,944
 76,946
  76,357
  707,025
 (51,583)
(49,245)
(473,979)
 25,362
 27,113
 233,046
 39,603
  39,513
  363,899
 34,243
35,439
314,645
 11,211
  8,535
  103,017
 (4,138)
 (4,115)
 (38,025)
 7,073
4,419
64,992
 9,399
 11,770
 86,367
 17,537
  15,328
  161,137
 (12,207)
 (10,815)
 (112,162)
 5,330
4,513
48,975
 179,446
  170,000
  1,648,867
             Business Risk
The main business and other related risks pertaining to the Sumitomo Forestry Group that may influence the decisions of investors are described below. Aware that these risks may materialize, the Sumitomo Forestry Group makes every effort to avoid these risks and minimize their impact if they materialize.
The risks shown below, which include future risks, are those identified by the Company as of the end of March 2020. This is not an exhaustive list of all business risks.
1 Risks related to trends on domestic and  overseas housing markets
3 Risks related to foreign exchange rates
4 Risks related to product assurance
5 Risks related to provision of credit to business partners
6 Risks related to business activities overseas
7 Risks related to owning and managing mountain  forests and reforestation operations
8 Risks related to information leaks
9 Risks related to retirement benefit accounting
      7,588
  12,651
  69,724
 14,886
13,900
136,780
 22,474
  26,551
  206,504
      137,845
 140,968
 1,266,608
 4,165
 2,501
 38,268
 92
 238
 846
 5,983
  4,945
  54,974
 19,564
 16,991
 179,767
 (860)
 (1,039)
 (7,900)
 166,789
164,605
1,532,562
 368,709
  361,156
  3,387,932
      10 Risks related to climate change
11 Risks related to emergency situations, such as natural
    82
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 83
2
Risks related to laws and regulations
 disasters
12 Risks related to business impact from COVID-19
  outbreaks
¥970,976
¥1,004,768
$9,232,452
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 4)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 4)
Consolidated Statement of Income
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Net sales (Note 19)
Cost of sales (Note 19)
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses (Note 10)
Operating income
Non-operating income:
Interest income
Purchase discounts
Dividends income
Equity in earnings of affiliates Other
Total non-operating income Non-operating expenses:
Interest expense
Sales discount
Foreign exchange losses Other
Total non-operating expenses
Recurring income
Extraordinary gains:
Gain on sales of noncurrent assets (Note 9) Gain on sales of investment securities (Note 5) Gain on step acquisitions
Gain on change in equity interest
Total extraordinary gains Extraordinary loss:
Loss on sales of noncurrent assets (Note 9)
Loss on retirement of noncurrent assets (Note 9) Loss on devaluation of investment securities (Note 5) Loss on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
Loss on change in equity interest
Impairment loss
Loss on disaster
Total extraordinary loss
Income before income taxes and minority interests
Income taxes, current (Note 8) Income taxes, deferred (Note 8)
Total income taxes
Net income
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent
Per share of common stock:
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent (Note 21): Basic
Diluted Cash dividends
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Net income
Other comprehensive income (Note 22):
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Translation adjustments
Share in equity method affiliates
Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Shareholders of parent Non-controlling interests
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Financial Section
 2020
  2019
  2020
  2020
 2019
 2020
 ¥1,104,094
 ¥1,308,893
 $10,145,126
 861,405
 1,076,747
 7,915,144
 242,689
 232,146
 2,229,982
 191,312
 182,899
 1,757,898
 51,377
  49,247
  472,083
   LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS Current liabilities:
Notes and accounts payable, trade (Notes 5, 15, 16) Accounts payable for construction contracts (Note 15) Short-term loans payable (Notes 6, 7)
Lease obligations (Note 6)
Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts Allowance for employees’ bonuses
Allowance for directors’ bonuses
Allowance for warranties for completed construction Asset retirement obligation (Note 23)
Other
Total current liabilities
Long-term liabilities:
Bonds issued (Notes 6, 15)
Bonds with subscription rights to shares (Note 6) Long-term loans payable (Notes 6, 7, 15, 16) Lease obligation (Note 6)
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 8)
Allowance for directors’ retirement benefits Liabilities for retirement benefits (Note 17)
Asset retirement obligation (Note 23)
Other
Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities
Net assets:
Shareholders’ equity (Note 12):
Common stock—
Authorized: 400,000,000 shares
Issued and outstanding: 182,752,036 shares in 2020 and 182,698,636 shares in 2019
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock: 1,326,898 shares in 2020 and 1,325,804 shares in 2019
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Subscription rights to shares Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Per share of common stock:
Net assets (Note 21)
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen
U.S. dollars (Note 4)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 4)
    ¥ 109,179
  ¥118,547
  $1,003,210
 83,281
75,595
765,242
 39,403
  61,506
  362,059
 495
584
4,551
 4,862
  4,902
  44,679
 35,224
52,198
323,662
 15,337
 14,353
 140,931
 143
 143
 1,314
 5,388
 3,733
 49,510
 857
  853
  7,876
 68,721
41,359
631,452
 362,892
  373,772
  3,334,487
          451
 437
 4,141
 365
 363
 3,353
 1,552
 1,677
 14,265
 8,097
  1,715
  74,399
 3,020
2,382
27,747
 13,485
  6,573
  123,905
              2,706
 2,015
 24,860
 693
 710
 6,369
 101
  190
  927
 2,538
 1,469
 23,325
 6,038
4,384
55,480
 58,824
  51,436
  540,508
             102
 86
 939
 3
 4,740
 29
 —
  629
  —
 —
16
—
 105
  5,471
  968
   90,000
 70,000
 826,978
 10,070
  10,090
  92,528
 120,537
102,269
1,107,570
 7,986
 4,436
 73,383
 6,262
 11,474
 57,539
 125
 127
 1,149
 22,574
 19,822
 207,424
 1,378
  1,157
  12,662
 25,880
 24,339
 237,798
 284,811
243,714
2,617,031
 647,704
  617,486
  5,951,518
            35
 —
 320
 227
 162
 2,088
 1,943
 —
 17,850
 265
 —
 2,439
 111
 —
 1,019
 389
  126
  3,577
 840
 —
 7,722
 3,811
289
35,014
 55,118
 56,618
 506,462
 16,730
  15,468
  153,725
 (477)
 724
 (4,382)
 16,253
16,192
149,343
 38,865
  40,426
  357,119
 11,013
 11,266
 101,192
 ¥ 27,853
 ¥ 29,160
 $ 255,928
                                     32,786
 32,752
 301,254
 21,290
 22,247
 195,626
 255,545
  241,427
  2,348,114
 (2,339)
(2,337)
(21,493)
 307,282
  294,088
  2,823,502
             ¥153.54
 ¥160.80
 $1.41
 149.68
  155.32
  1.38
 40.00
 40.00
 0.37
          16,842
 25,196
 154,758
 2,531
 752
 23,253
 (4,240)
  (1,733)
  (38,964)
 82
17
754
 15,215
 24,232
 139,801
 120
  135
  1,099
 34,448
 35,034
 316,532
 357,064
 353,489
 3,280,934
 ¥1,004,768
 ¥970,976
 $9,232,452
     Millions of yen
  2020
 2019
 2020
 ¥38,865
  ¥ 40,426
  $357,119
       (8,128)
  (8,144)
  (74,684)
 1,778
 974
 16,338
 (2,990)
 (8,075)
 (27,477)
 (286)
 (282)
 (2,625)
 (9,626)
 (15,527)
 (88,449)
 ¥29,239
 ¥ 24,899
 $268,671
          Yen
U.S. dollars (Note 4)
      ¥18,835
  ¥ 15,293
  $173,070
 10,404
 9,606
 95,601
   ¥1,777.57
  ¥1,755.06
  $16.33
      84
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 85

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Financial Section
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Millions of yen Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥241,427
(6,437) 234,990
(7,297) 27,853
20,555 ¥255,545
Millions of yen Accumulated other comprehensive income
                       Common stock
¥32,752
32,752 26 8
34 ¥32,786
Valuation difference on available-for- sale securities
¥25,196 25,196
Capital surplus
¥22,247
22,247 26 8
(991)
(957) ¥21,290
Treasury stock
¥(2,337) (2,337)
(2)
(2) ¥(2,339)
Total shareholders’ equity
¥294,088
(6,437) 287,651
52
15 (7,297)
27,853 (2)
— (991)
19,630 ¥307,282
Valuation
difference on Deferred available-for- gains (losses) sale securities on hedges
¥33,258 ¥(221)
Translation adjustments
¥ 5,053
Re- measurements of defined benefit plans
¥ 9
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥ 38,099
Subscription rights to shares
¥129
Non- controlling interests
¥33,873
Total net assets
¥345,639 53 106
(7,295)
29,160 (5)
0
(1,470)
(12,700) 7,850 ¥353,489
       Balance at April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in
accounting policies Restated balance
Changes during the period:
Issuance of new shares
Issuance of new shares (exercise of
subscription rights to shares) Cash dividends (¥40.00 per share) Net income attributable to
shareholders of parent Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in ownership interest of
parent due to transactions with
non-controlling interests
Net changes in items other than
shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period
Balance at March 31, 2020
Balance at April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance
Changes during the period:
Issuance of new shares
Issuance of new shares (exercise of
subscription rights to shares) Cash dividends (¥40.00 per share) Net income attributable to
shareholders of parent Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in ownership interest of
parent due to transactions with
non-controlling interests
Net changes in items other than
shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period
Balance at March 31, 2020
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Balance at April 1, 2018 Changes during the period:
Issuance of new shares
Issuance of new shares (exercise of
subscription rights to shares) Cash dividends (¥40.00 per share) Net income attributable to
shareholders of parent Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in ownership interest of
parent due to transactions with
non-controlling interests
Net changes in items other than
shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period
(8,062) 974
(8,062) 974 ¥25,196 ¥ 752
(6,786)
(6,786) ¥(1,733)
8
8 ¥17
(13,867)
(13,867) ¥ 24,232
Total shareholders’ equity
6
6 ¥135
1,161
1,161 ¥35,034
                                                                                                                                                                              Balance at March 31, 2019
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
                           Millions of yen Accumulated other comprehensive income
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 4) Shareholders’ equity
                       Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
¥ 752 752
Re- measurements of defined benefit plans
¥17 17
Subscription rights to shares
¥135 135
Non- controlling interests
¥35,034 35,034
Retained earnings
$2,218,386
(59,147) 2,159,239
(67,053) 255,928
Treasury stock at cost
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥24,232 24,232
Common Capital stock surplus
$300,943 $204,422
300,943 204,422 240 240 71 71
(9,106)
311 (8,795)
$301,254 $195,626 $2,348,114
       Translation adjustments
¥(1,733) (1,733)
Total net assets
¥353,489
(6,437) 347,052
52
15 (7,297)
27,853 (2)
—
(991)
(9,619) 10,012 ¥120 ¥34,448 ¥357,064
Balance at April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in
accounting policies Restated balance
Changes during the period:
Issuance of new shares
Issuance of new shares (exercise of
subscription rights to shares) Cash dividends ($0.37 per share) Net income attributable to
shareholders of parent Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in ownership interest of
parent due to transactions with
non-controlling interests
Net changes in items other than
shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period
Balance at March 31, 2020
Balance at April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in
accounting policies Restated balance
Changes during the period:
Issuance of new shares
Issuance of new shares (exercise of
subscription rights to shares) Cash dividends ($0.37 per share) Net income attributable to
shareholders of parent Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in ownership interest of
parent due to transactions with
non-controlling interests
Net changes in items other than
shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period
Balance at March 31, 2020
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
$(21,478) $2,702,273 (59,147)
                               (21,478)
(15)
(15)
$(21,493) $2,823,502
2,643,126
481
141 (67,053)
255,928 (15)
— (9,106)
                                                                                                                                                      (8,354)
1,778
1,778 ¥2,531
(2,507)
(2,507) ¥(4,240)
Millions of yen Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥219,562
(7,295) 29,160
21,865 ¥241,427
65
65 ¥82
Treasury stock
¥(2,333)
(9,017)
(9,017) ¥15,215
Total shareholders’ equity
¥273,538 53 106
(7,295)
29,160 (5)
(15)
(586)
188,875
180,376
               (8,354) ¥16,842
(15)
(586)
               Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 4) Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                         Balance at April 1, 2018 Changes during the period:
Issuance of new shares
Issuance of new shares (exercise of
subscription rights to shares) Cash dividends (¥40.00 per share) Net income attributable to
shareholders of parent Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in ownership interest of
parent due to transactions with
non-controlling interests
Net changes in items other than
shareholders’ equity
Total changes during the period
Balance at March 31, 2019
Common Capital stock surplus
¥32,672 ¥23,637 26 26 53 53
0 (1,470) 80 (1,390)
¥32,752 ¥22,247
Valuation difference on available-for- sale securities
$231,518 231,518
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
$ 6,914 6,914
Translation adjustments
$(15,927) (15,927)
Re- measurements of defined benefit plans
$154 154
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
$222,659 222,659
Subscription rights to shares
$1,240 1,240
Non- controlling interests
$321,916 321,916
Total net assets
$3,248,088
(59,147) 3,188,941
481
141 (67,053)
255,928 (15)
—
(9,106)
(88,382) 91,994 $3,280,934
                                                                                          (5) 00
                                                            (5) ¥(2,337)
(1,470)
20,550 ¥294,088
(76,759)
16,338
16,338 $23,253
(23,037)
(23,037) $(38,964)
600
600 $754
(82,858)
(82,858) $139,801
(141)
(141) $1,099
(5,383)
(5,383) $316,532
               (76,759) $154,758
                        86
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 87

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Cash flows from operating activities:
Income before income taxes and minority interests Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Allowance for (reversal of) doubtful accounts
Allowance for (reversal of) employee’s bonuses
Allowance for (reversal of) directors’ bonuses
Allowance for (reversal of) warranties for completed construction Allowance for (reversal of) directors’ retirement benefits
Net defined benefit liability
Interest and dividends income
Interest expense
Equity in losses (earnings) of affiliates
Loss (gain) on sales of marketable securities and investment securities Loss on devaluation of marketable securities and investment securities Loss on disaster
Loss (gain) on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates Loss (gain) on step acquisitions
Loss (gain) on change in equity interest
Loss (gain) on sales/disposal of fixed assets
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable, trade Inventories
Other current assets
Notes and accounts payable, trade
Advances received
Advances received on completed construction contracts Accrued consumption taxes
Other current liabilities
Other
Subtotal
Interest and dividends income received Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash flows from investment activities:
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Decrease (increase) in short-term loans receivable
Proceeds from sales and redemption of marketable securities
Payments for purchases of fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of fixed assets
Payments for purchases of intangible assets
Payments for purchases of investment securities
Proceeds from sales and redemption of investment securities
Payments for purchase of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation Payments for long-term loans payable
Repayments of long-term loans receivable
Other payments
Other proceeds
Net cash used in investment activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Net Increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable Repayments of finance lease obligations
Proceeds from long-term loans payable Repayments of long-term loans payable
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Proceeds from issuance of bonds with subscription rights to shares
Payment for redemption of bonds with subscription rights to shares
Proceeds from share issuance to non-controlling interests
Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Payment for purchase of shares of subsidiaries not resulting in change in scope of consolidation Net decrease (increase) in deposits with withdrawal and usage restrictions
Other proceeds
Other payments
Net cash provided by financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Note 12)
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2020 and 2019
1. Nature of Operations
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its affiliated companies (together, the “Group”) are involved in various business activities related to wood and houses, with forestry operations serving as the foundation of its business. Specifically, the Group’s operations encompass forest management as well as timber and building materials- related operations, including procurement, manufacture, processing and sale of timber and building materials; housing and construction-related operations, including construction, maintenance, renovation and landscaping of custom-built and other homes and sale and brokerage
of real estate; overseas housing and real estate-related operations, including sale of spec homes, construction of detached houses and development of multi-family housing and commercial complexes; environment and resources-related operations, including biomass power generation business and forestation business; and other businesses, including private-pay elderly care facilities business and civil engineering/ construction work.
2. Basis of Presenting Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company and its domestic subsidiaries maintain their books of account in conformity with the financial accounting standards of Japan, and its foreign subsidiaries maintain their books of account in conformity with those of their countries of domicile.
Effective April 1, 2008, the Company adopted the “Practical Solution on Unification of Accounting Policies Applied to Foreign Subsidiaries for Consolidated Financial Statements (PITF No. 18).”
In accordance with PITF No. 18, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared by using the accounts of foreign consolidated subsidiaries prepared in accordance with either International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”)
as adjusted for certain items including those for goodwill, actuarial differences and capitalized development costs.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company and consolidated subsidiaries (together, the “Companies”) are prepared on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of IFRS and US GAAP, and are compiled from the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Company as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan.
The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements include information which is not required under Japanese GAAP but is presented herein as additional information.
3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Basis of consolidation and investments in affiliates
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and those of its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts and unrealized intercompany profits are eliminated on consolidation.
Financial Section
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 4)
Investments in affiliates (15 to 50 percent-owned companies
except subsidiaries) in which the ability to exercise significant influence exists are stated at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings (losses).
Net consolidated income includes the Company’s share of the
current net earnings (losses) of such companies, after elimination of unrealized intercompany profits. As of March 31, 2020, the numbers
of consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for by the equity method were 244 and 100 (195 and 79 in 2019), respectively. SFKG Property Asia Pte. Ltd. and 48 other companies, whose shares were newly acquired, have been included in the scope of consolidation from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. PT. Kusumasentral Kencana and 21 other companies, whose shares were newly acquired, have been included as equity-method affiliates from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. On the other hand, MOS Lumber Products Co., Ltd., which was included in the scope of consolidation in the previous fiscal year, has been excluded from the scope of consolidation due to the transfer of equity in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The account closing date of the Company’s domestic consolidated subsidiaries is mainly March
31, and the account closing date of the Company’s consolidated foreign subsidiaries is mainly December 31. Additionally, necessary adjustments are made to the consolidated financial statements to reflect any significant transactions from the next day of the closing date to March 31 in each subsidiary.
(b) Translation of foreign currency transactions and accounts
Current and long-term receivables and payables in foreign currencies are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date.
The Company translates the revenue and expense accounts of the foreign consolidated subsidiaries at the average rates of exchange in effect during the year. The balance sheet accounts, except for the components of net assets, are also translated into yen at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The components of net assets are translated at their historical rates.
(c) Statement of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments, generally with original maturities of three months or less, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are near enough to maturity that they present only an insignificant risk of changes in value.
(d) Allowance for doubtful accounts
Allowance for doubtful accounts is stated based on the default ratio sustained over a specific period in the past and the estimated uncollectible amount based on the analysis of certain individual accounts, including probable bad debts and claims in bankruptcy.
This amount is considered sufficient to cover possible losses on collection.
(e) Allowance for employees’ bonuses
Allowance for employees’ bonuses is stated based on estimated bonuses to be paid to employees, which are to be charged to income in the current year.
(f) Allowance for directors’ bonuses
Allowance for directors’ bonuses is stated based on an estimated amount, which is to be charged to income in the current year.
(g) Allowance for warranties for completed construction
Allowance for warranties for completed construction is stated for repair costs which may be required and is estimated based on past experience and future estimates.
 2020
  2019
  2020
     ¥ 55,118
 ¥ 56,618
 $ 506,462
 14,388
 13,696
 132,208
 389
 126
 3,577
 6,143
 6,418
 56,447
 35
 (1,341)
 318
 1,021
 1,457
 9,385
 —
 (3)
 —
 1,681
 137
 15,448
 (2)
  15
  (19)
 2,814
3,154
25,859
 (2,003)
  (2,114)
  (18,406)
 2,706
2,015
24,860
 (8,097)
  (1,715)
  (74,399)
 (3)
(4,740)
(29)
 1,943
 —
 17,850
 840
  —
  7,722
 265
 —
 2,439
 —
(629)
—
 111
 —
 1,019
 160
 76
 1,469
 (1,152)
  (8,694)
  (10,589)
 (7,415)
 (21,173)
 (68,138)
 (1,986)
(3,959)
(18,247)
 (10,506)
  6,118
  (96,537)
 1,041
1,122
9,567
 (2,789)
  2,234
  (25,623)
 (1,142)
212
(10,496)
 2,274
  993
  20,892
 (847)
1,457
(7,782)
 54,987
 51,482
 505,254
 10,991
 6,337
 100,991
 (2,697)
  (2,027)
  (24,784)
 (17,557)
(15,103)
(161,323)
 45,724
  40,689
  420,138
                                     (7,273)
 (5,236)
 (66,830)
 5,298
  5,294
  48,684
 304
138
2,793
 305
  10
  2,803
 (21,998)
(20,204)
(202,132)
 2,816
 1,584
 25,873
 (3,156)
  (2,839)
  (29,003)
 (15,810)
(13,556)
(145,275)
 6
  8,901
  59
 (1,158)
(46,771)
(10,644)
 (1,771)
  (1,342)
  (16,277)
 262
1,741
2,407
 (3,762)
  (2,186)
  (34,570)
 7,065
2,807
64,915
 (38,874)
  (71,659)
  (357,198)
                  (17,153)
 8,817
 (157,611)
 (1,565)
  (1,632)
  (14,381)
 39,782
25,789
365,542
 (22,682)
 (10,648)
 (208,418)
 20,000
  20,000
  183,773
 —
 10,100
 —
 —
(19,900)
—
 3,576
 32
 32,859
 (7,297)
  (7,295)
  (67,053)
 (11,108)
(6,652)
(102,069)
 (3,449)
  (6,715)
  (31,693)
 1,040
(371)
9,555
 0
  0
  0
 (2)
 (3)
 (15)
 1,142
 11,523
 10,490
                  (1,007)
 7,463
(20,453)
(4,854)
  68,576
    88
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 89
(528)
   105,102
125,555
965,742
   ¥112,565
¥105,102
$1,034,317
   
90
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 91
(h) Liability for retirement benefits
Liability or asset for retirement benefits for employees has been recorded mainly at the amount calculated based on the retirement benefit obligation and the fair value of the pension plan assets as of the balance sheet date.
The retirement benefit obligation for employees is attributed to each period by the benefit formula method over the estimated years of service of the eligible employees.
Unrecognized actuarial gains (losses) and unrecognized prior service cost are charged to income, with minor exceptions, in the fiscal year in which they arise.
(i) Allowance for directors’ retirement benefits
Allowance for directors’ retirement benefits of certain subsidiaries are provided based on the amount required for at year-end in accordance with established internal policies.
(j) Marketable securities and investment securities
Marketable securities and investment securities are classified and accounted for, depending on management’s intent, as follows:
i) held-to-maturity debt securities, which are expected to be held
to maturity with the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity,
are reported at amortized cost; and ii) marketable available-for-sale securities, which are not classified as the aforementioned securities, are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable taxes, reported in a separate component of net assets.
Non-marketable available-for-sale securities are carried at cost.
The Company determines cost of securities sold by the moving average method.
(k) Derivatives
Derivatives are carried at fair value with changes in unrealized gains or losses charged or credited to profit or loss, except for those which meet the criteria for hedge accounting.
(l) Inventories
Finished goods, logs, lumber and boards are stated at moving average cost.
Real estate for sale, construction projects in progress and real estate for sale in process are stated at cost, which is determined by the specific identification method.
The amount on the balance sheet is calculated using a write-down method based on the decrease in profitability.
The Company recognized ¥601 million ($5,523 thousand) in valuation loss on inventories in cost of sales for the year ended March 31, 2020.
(m) Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment, including significant renewals and additions, are capitalized at cost. Maintenance, repairs, minor renewals and improvements are charged to income. In the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries, depreciation is computed, with minor exceptions, by the declining balance method at rates based
on the estimated useful lives of the assets according to general class, type of construction and use. In its foreign consolidated subsidiaries, depreciation is computed by the straight-line method, with minor exceptions. In the case of retirement or disposal, the difference between the net book value and salvage or sales proceeds is charged or credited to income.
(n) Intangible assets
Amortization of intangible assets is computed by the straight-line method. Internal use software costs are amortized by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of 5 years.
(o) Impairment of fixed assets
Fixed assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. When amounts of undiscounted future cash flows of fixed assets are less than the carrying amounts, the fixed assets are determined to be impaired. Then, the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds
the recoverable amount is recognized as an impairment loss in the consolidated statements of income. The recoverable amount of fixed assets is the greater of the net selling price or the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the fixed assets.
(p) Hedge accounting
i) Hedge accounting method
The deferred hedge accounting method is applied.
The allocation method is applied to foreign exchange hedging transactions. The exceptional method is used for interest rate swaps in case they satisfy the requirements for the exceptional method.
ii) Hedging method
Foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign currency swaps
are utilized to mitigate foreign exchange risks. Interest rate swap transactions are utilized to mitigate interest rate risks.
iii) Scope of hedging
Certain transactions, including planned transactions and borrowings exposed to interest rate fluctuation risk, etc., in accordance with policies laid out in management regulations.
iv) Hedge effectiveness evaluation method
The Companies believe foreign exchange forward contracts and
foreign currency swaps to be highly effective as hedging instruments and the exceptional method is used for interest rate swaps; therefore, effectiveness evaluation is not carried out.
(q) Amortization method and period of goodwill
Goodwill is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, up to a maximum of 20 years. Insignificant amounts are charged to income when incurred.
(r) Revenue recognition
The Company adopted “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29, March 30, 2018) and Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition (ASBJ Guidance
No. 30, March 30, 2018) from the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, as they are applicable from the beginning of fiscal years starting on or after April 1, 2018.
The amount expected to be received in exchange for promised goods or services is recognized as revenue at the time when the control of those goods or services is transferred to the customer.
(s) Income taxes
The Companies accrue income taxes based on taxable income. The Companies include many items for financial reporting purposes which, in the case of expenses, are not currently deductible and, in the case of income, are not currently taxable.
Income taxes based on temporary differences between tax and financial reporting purposes are reflected as deferred income taxes in the consolidated financial statements using the asset and liability method.
(t) Consumption taxes
Transactions subject to consumption taxes are recorded at amounts exclusive of consumption taxes.
(u) Appropriations of retained earnings
Appropriations of retained earnings reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements are recorded upon approval by shareholders as required under Japanese law.
(v) Earnings per share of common stock
The computation of net income attributable to shareholders of parent per share and cash dividends per share is based on the average number of shares outstanding during each period.
(w) Finalization of provisional accounting treatment of business combinations
The revised purchase price allocation arising from the finalization of provisional accounting treatment is reflected on the consolidated financial statements for the period in which the business combination occurs.
(x) Accounting standards issued but not yet effective
(Accounting Standard and Implementation Guidance on Revenue Recognition)
“Revised Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29), “Revised Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30) and “Revised Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Guidance No. 19) were issued on March 31, 2020.
i) Overview
Principles for disclosures related to revenue recognition (presentation and notes) were determined.
ii) Scheduled date of adoption
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard and implementation guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022.
(Accounting Standards for Fair Value Measurement)
The ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Statement No. 30), “Revised Accounting Standard for Measurement of Inventories” (ASBJ Statement No. 9), “Revised Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Statement No.
10), “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Guidance No. 31) on July 4, 2019 and “Revised Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Guidance No. 19) on March 31, 2020.
i) Overview
The ASBJ developed the accounting standard and implementation guidance on fair value measurement mainly focusing on the guidance and disclosure on the fair value measurement of financial instruments based in international accounting standards with nearly identical detailed guidance issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) (IFRS 13 by the IASB and Topic 820 by the FASB) and issued them from a standpoint of enhancing comparability between financial statements of companies in Japan and overseas.
As the basic policy of the ASBJ in developing accounting standards for fair value measurement, the ASBJ accepted the basic principle
of IFRS 13 from a standpoint of enhancing comparability between financial statements of companies in Japan and overseas with a unified calculation method. Furthermore, the ASBJ added alternative accounting
treatment without impairing comparability when there are matters to be considered related to common accounting practices in Japan, etc.
ii) Scheduled date of adoption
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard and implementation guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022.
iii) Impact of the adoption of accounting standard and implementation guidance
The Company is currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of these accounting standards and implementation guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
(Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates) On March 31, 2020, the ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No. 31). i) Overview
Based on requests for disclosing the assumptions and other sources of estimation uncertainty underlying amounts, which is required in paragraph 125 “Presentation of Financial Statements” (IAS 1) issued by the IASB in 2003, as highly useful information for users of financial statements, the ASBJ developed and issued “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates.”
As the basic policy of the ASBJ in developing the accounting standard, the ASBJ used paragraph 125 of the IAS 1 as a reference and clarified the principles for the disclosure but did not elaborate on each note, and left for entities to decide the specific details on disclosures in accordance with the underlying principles.
ii) Scheduled date of adoption
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard and implementation guidance from the end of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021.
(Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections)
On March 31, 2020, the ASBJ revised “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No. 24).
i) Overview
The ASBJ issued “Revised Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections” in light of proposals to consider the development of notes where accounting principles and procedures based on specific accounting standards are unclear.
In case of developing such notes, the ASBJ decided to apply the policies of note 1-2 on Corporate Accounting Principles in order not to impact treatment where requirements in the appropriate accounting standard are clear.
ii) Scheduled date of adoption
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard and implementation guidance from the end of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021.
(y) Changes in accounting policy
(Application of Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition)
The Company adopted “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29, March 30, 2018) and Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition (ASBJ Guidance
No. 30, March 30, 2018) from the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, as they are applicable from the beginning of fiscal years starting on or after April 1, 2018. The amount expected to be received
in exchange for promised goods or services is recognized as revenue at the time when the control of those goods or services is transferred to the customer.
Financial Section

The main changes resulting from application of the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition are as follows:
(1) Revenue Recognition in Agency Transactions
Previously, in regard to revenue related to the domestic distribution business, primarily in the Timber and Building Materials Business,
the total amount of consideration received from the customer was recognized as revenue on a gross basis. However, for transactions where the Company is acting as an agent in providing products to customers, the method has been modified to recognize the net amount as revenue after deducting the amount paid to the supplier.
(2) Revenue Recognition in Construction Contracts
Previously, in regard to construction contracts in the Housing and Construction Business and Overseas Housing and Real Estate Businesses, the Company applied the percentage-of-completion method for the construction contracts of which the outcome could be estimated
reliably and the completed contract method for short-term construction contracts. However, revenue for all construction contracts over a specific period is now recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied.
In addition, the method of estimating progress on the performance obligations satisfied over time is mainly the input method based on
costs incurred. An alternative treatment is applied for the construction contracts for which the period from the commencement date to the date when it is expected that the performance obligations will be fully satisfied is very short. In these cases, revenue is recognized at the time of completion, not as the performance obligation is satisfied.
(3) Revenue Recognition in Warranty Service Contracts
In the Housing and Building Business, the Company provides customers with free-of-charge inspection services after delivery based on construction contracts or sales contracts for detached houses or other products. Previously, revenues from these services were not recognized separately. However the performance obligations related to these services have been identified separately from delivery of the detached houses or other products, and respective revenue is recognized when these performance obligations are satisfied.
The Company applied the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition in accordance with transitional measures of the proviso of Paragraph 84 of the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition. The cumulative effect of retroactively applying new accounting policies was reflected in the beginning balance of retained earnings. However, the Company applied the method prescribed in provision (1) of Paragraph 86 of the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition. For the contract changes made before the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the treatment set forth in 1 to 3 below was applied based on the contract conditions after all changes was reflected, and the cumulative effect was reflected in the beginning balance of retained earnings for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
1. Classification of satisfied or unsatisfied performance obligations
2. Determination of the transaction price
3. Allocation of transaction price to satisfied and unsatisfied
performance obligations
As a result, net sales and cost of sales for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2020 decreased by ¥240,302 million ($2,208,046 thousand) and ¥245,901 million ($2,259,497 thousand), respectively. Operating income, recurring income, and income before income taxes increased by ¥5,599 million ($51,451 thousand). The balance of retained earnings at the beginning of the year decreased by ¥6,437 million ($59,147 thousand). The impact on per-share information is provided in the relevant section.
4. U.S. Dollar Amounts
The U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for convenience and have been translated, as a matter of arithmetical computation only, at the rate of ¥108.83 =US $1, the approximate exchange rate prevailing in the Japanese foreign exchange market at the end of March 2020. This translation should not be construed as a representation that the yen amounts actually represent, have been or could be converted into, U.S. dollars.
As permitted under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law
of Japan, amounts of less than one million yen are rounded in the consolidated financial statements. As a result, the total amounts in Japanese yen and translated U.S. dollars shown in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto do not necessarily agree with the sum of the individual amounts.
5. Securities
(a) The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the securities classified as held-to-maturity at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Available-for-sale securities whose carrying amount exceeds their acquisition cost:
Equity securities Debt securities Other
Subtotal
Available-for-sale securities whose carrying amount does not exceed their acquisition cost:
Carrying amount
¥58,090 — — 58,090
Millions of yen
2019
Acquisition cost
¥21,152 — — 21,152
3,598 — 5,000 8,598 ¥29,750
Unrealized gain (loss)
¥36,938 — — 36,938
(642) —
— (642)
¥36,296
6. Short-Term and Long-Term Debt
Short-term and long-term debt at March 31, 2020 and 2019 are represented by short-term loans payable bearing interest of 2.41% and 3.13% per annum, current portion of long-term loans payable of 2.35% and 2.95%, and long-term loans payable of 2.67% and 3.45%, respectively. Long-term debt at March 31, 2020 and 2019 is summarized as follows:
Financial Section
                  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
$ 208,237
                      2,957 — 5,000 7,957 Total ¥66,047
Long-term loans payable, principally from banks and insurance companies,
due 2021 to 2035:
Secured:
Long-term loans payable
Unsecured: Bonds issued
Bonds with subscription rights to shares
Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
Portion due within one year: Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
2020
¥ 22,662
2019
¥ 40,601
70,000
10,090 61,668 4,436 186,795
16,255 584 ¥ 16,839
Equity securities Debt securities Other
             826,978
 92,528
 899,334
 73,383
 2,100,459
  90,000
10,070
97,874
7,986
228,593
    Subtotal
                   Millions of yen
2020
Estimated Unrealized
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Carrying Acquisition Unrealized
 amount
cost
gain (loss)
     109,835
 4,551
 $ 114,386
  11,953
495
¥ 12,449
             Held-to-maturity securities: Debt securities
Held-to-maturity securities: Debt securities
Held-to-maturity securities: Debt securities
Carrying amount
Carrying amount
¥1,762
fair value
Millions of yen
2019
Estimated fair value
¥1,803
gain (loss)
Unrealized gain (loss)
¥42
Available-for-sale securities whose carrying amount exceeds their acquisition cost:
Equity securities Debt securities Other
Subtotal
Available-for-sale securities whose carrying amount does not exceed their acquisition cost:
Equity securities Debt securities Other
Subtotal
Total
(c) Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities and the corresponding gross gains and losses, which are included in extraordinary gains (losses) on sales and retirement of noncurrent assets in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
The aggregate annual maturities of bonds issued (including bonds with subscription rights to shares), long-term loans payable and lease obligations, due within 5 years (with exception of portion due within 1 year) from fiscal year end are as follows:
 $430,805
 $194,033
 $236,771
 —
  —
  —
 —
—
—
 430,805
  194,033
  236,771
    ¥1,458
  ¥1,481
  ¥23
             Millions of yen Long-term
Thousands of U.S. dollars Long-term
     21,373
  32,012
  (10,638)
 —
 —
 —
 27,566
27,566
—
 48,939
  59,577
  (10,638)
 $479,744
 $253,610
 $226,133
       Bonds issued
2022 ¥—
Lease payable obligations
¥ 32,478 ¥1,120 49,309 878 11,118 667
8,222 520 ¥101,128 ¥3,185
Bonds issued
$— — 183,773 91,886 $275,659
loans payable
$298,429 453,086 102,164
75,548 $929,226
Lease obligations
$10,289 8,071 6,128 4,779 $29,266
loans
        Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Estimated fair value
2023
2024
2025
— 20,000 10,000 ¥30,000
           Carrying amount
Unrealized gain (loss)
       $13,396
  $13,606
  $210
   (b) The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the securities classified as available-for-sale at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
7. Pledged Assets and Secured Liabilities
Millions of yen
2019 ¥8,371 4,740 —
Thousands of U.S. dollars
(a) Pledged assets
Cash and time deposits
Notes and accounts receivable, trade Accounts receivable from completed
construction on contracts
Costs on uncompleted construction
contracts
Real estate for sale
Real estate for sale in process Accounts receivable, other Buildings and structures Machinery, equipment and vehicles Land
Construction in progress Investment securities
Other
Thousands of U.S. dollars
 2020
 $59
 29
 —
  2020
¥6
3
—
Millions of yen
2020
Acquisition cost
Proceeds Gross gains Gross losses
Millions of yen
     2020
 $ 2,889
 332
 7,041
 2,367
 29,745
 73,946
 1,231
 77,177
 95,966
 22,832
 21,672
 116,957
 17,667
 $469,823
   2020
¥ 314
36
766
258
3,237
8,048
134
8,399
10,444
2,485
2,359
12,728
1,923
¥51,131
2019 1,605 31
1,800
1,124 25,123 54,685
308 10,784 11,224 6,054 5,676 17,835 4,673 ¥140,922
     Carrying amount
Unrealized gain (loss)
¥
      Available-for-sale securities whose carrying amount exceeds their acquisition cost:
Equity securities Debt securities Other
Subtotal Available-for-sale securities
whose carrying amount does not exceed their acquisition cost:
Equity securities Debt securities Other
Subtotal Total
(d) Impairment of securities
Impairment losses on available-for-sale securities were ¥1,943 million ($17,850 thousand) for the year ended March 31, 2020.
(e) Investments in affiliates included in “Investment securities” as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were ¥84,906 million ($780,170 thousand) and ¥73,845 million, respectively.
    ¥46,884
  ¥21,117
  ¥25,768
 —
 —
 —
 —
—
—
 46,884
  21,117
  25,768
            2,326
 3,484
 (1,158)
 —
  —
  —
 3,000
 3,000
 —
 5,326
 6,484
 (1,158)
 ¥52,211
 ¥27,600
 ¥24,610
             92
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 93

(b) Secured liabilities
Short-term loans payable Long-term loans payable
8. Income Taxes
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Financial Section
          Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
2019
¥ 435 3,503 529
503
273 5,813 751
1,576 5,080 1,034
585
579 4,651 25,312
(4,911)
(5,345) (10,255)
15,057
(757)
(1,217)
(11,000) (853)
Between 1 and 2 years
Between 2 and 3 years
2020
Between 3 and 4 years
Between 4 and 5 years
Later than 5 years
       Millions of yen
2019 ¥16,602 40,601 ¥57,203
Deferred tax assets:
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Allowance for employees’ bonuses
Accrued legal welfare expense on employees’ bonuses
Enterprise taxes
Devaluation of real estate for sale
Liability for retirement benefits
Devaluation of fixed assets
Devaluation of financial instruments
Tax loss carryforwards
Impairment loss
Allowance for warranties for completed construction
Unrealized gain on fixed assets Other
Gross deferred tax assets
Valuation allowance for tax loss carryforwards
Valuation allowance for others Valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities:
Deferred gains on sales of fixed assets
Gain on securities contributed to employee retirement benefit trusts
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Land revaluation differences
Within 1 year
Total
   2020
 $ 25,848
 208,237
 $234,085
  2020
¥ 2,813
22,662
¥25,475
 $ 9,014
 $ 1,479
 $ 3,492
 $ 1,323
 $ 4,705
 $ 25,342
 $ 45,355
 (9,014)
  (1,479)
  (3,492)
  (1,323)
  (4,705)
  (22,218)
  (42,231)
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 3,124
 3,124
   Tax loss carryforwards* Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets
 $ 4,085
 33,230
 4,957
 4,069
 3,292
 61,102
 6,797
 18,375
 45,359
 16,317
 11,034
 5,848
 47,370
 261,836
 (42,232)
 (52,804)
 (95,036)
 166,800
  ¥ 445
3,616
539
443
358
6,650
740
2,000
4,936
1,776
1,201
636
5,155
28,496
(4,596)
(5,747)
(10,343)
18,153
        * Tax loss carryforwards are measured using the effective statutory tax rates.
9. Extraordinary Gains (Losses) on Sales and Retirement of Noncurrent Assets
11. Cash and Cash Equivalents
     Income taxes in Japan applicable to the Companies generally comprise corporation tax, enterprise tax, and prefectural and municipal in-habitants taxes. The effective statutory tax rate for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was 30.6%.
The table below shows the differences in the effective statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate.
2019 Effective statutory tax rate 30.6%
Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes 0.4 Non-taxable dividend income (0.9) Per capita portion of inhabitant tax 0.5 Amortization of goodwill 3.5 Equity in earnings of affiliates (0.9) Tax rate differences with oversea subsidiaries (6.5) Other 1.8
Effective income tax rate 28.6% The reconciliation between the effective statutory tax rate and the
effective income tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2020 is not disclosed because such difference is less than 5% of the effective statutory tax rate.
The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Extraordinary gains (losses) on sales and retirement of noncurrent assets for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:
Cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:
  Millions of yen
2019 ¥ 82,421
(228) 5,000 (2,091)
20,000 ¥105,102
Thousands of U.S. dollars
  2020
 $ 852,464
 (20,127)
 27,566
 (9,356)
 183,771
 $1,034,317
  2020
¥ 92,774
(2,190)
3,000
(1,018)
20,000
¥112,565
  Millions of yen
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Cash and time deposits
Less: Cash deposits and short-term investments which mature or become due over three months after the date of acquisition
Short-term investments Restricted cash
Cash equivalents included
in short-term loans receivable Cash and cash equivalents
12. Shareholders’ Equity
  2020
  $ 164
 520
 255
 $ 939
  $ 232
 88
 $ 320
  $1,200
 888
 $2,088
  2020
¥ 18
57
28
¥102
¥ 25
10
¥ 35
¥131
97
¥227
 2020
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
                              (6,954)
 (10,729)
 (68,359)
 (7,842)
 (27,282)
 (48,199)
 (169,364)
 $ (2,565)
  (757)
(1,168)
(7,439)
(853)
(2,969)
(5,245)
(18,432)
¥ (279)
           Taxes on undistributed earnings of subsidiaries
Gain on sales of noncurrent assets:
Machinery, equipment and vehicles
Land Others
Total gain on sales of noncurrent assets
Loss on sales of noncurrent assets: Buildings and structures
Other
Total loss on sales of noncurrent assets
Loss on retirement of noncurrent assets:
Buildings and structures Other
Total loss on retirement of noncurrent assets
¥ 13 40 34
¥ 86
¥ — —
¥ —
¥ 79 83
¥162
The Japanese Corporate Law (“the Law”) enforced on May 1, 2006 provides that an amount equivalent to 10% of cash dividends must be appropriated as a legal reserve (a component of retained earnings) or as additional paid-in capital (a component of capital surplus) depending on the equity account charged upon the payment of such dividends. Legal reserve and additional paid-in capital may be reversed without limitation and no further appropriation is required when the sum of legal reserve and additional paid-in capital equals 25% of the common stock.
The Law also provides that the common stock, legal reserve, additional paid-in capital, other capital surplus and retained earnings can be transferred among the accounts under certain conditions upon resolution of shareholders.
The balances of the legal reserve of the Company at March 31, 2020 and 2019, which were included in retained earnings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, were ¥2,857 million ($26,253 thousand) and ¥2,857 million, respectively.
Year-end dividends are approved by shareholders at a meeting held subsequent to the fiscal year to which the dividends are applicable. In addition, semi-annual interim dividends may be paid upon resolution of the Board of Directors, subject to limitations imposed by the Law.
13. Finance Leases
(Lessee)
Depreciation costs of finance lease transactions that do not transfer ownership are calculated based on the straight-line method over the lease periods of the leased assets, with no residual value of the assets at the end of the lease periods.
Disclosure of information concerning lease transaction as lessor has been omitted, due to insignificance of disclosure of such information in the consolidated financial statements.
(2,201) Other (5,557) Gross deferred tax liabilities (21,586) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ¥ (6,528)
10. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
The components of “Selling, General and Administrative Expenses” for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
     The breakdowns of amount of tax loss carryforwards and deferred tax assets by expiration period as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Millions of yen
2020
Between 3 and 4 years
Millions of yen 2019
Between 3 and 4 years
¥ 382 (382)
—
Millions of yen
2019 ¥60,513 9,500 143 6,092
20 (47)
1,328
Thousands of U.S. dollars
 2020
 $568,657
 88,335
 1,314
 53,778
 237
 973
 28,525
  2020
¥61,887
9,613
143
5,853
26
106
3,104
                  ¥ 981
 ¥ 161
 ¥ 380
 ¥ 144
 ¥ 512
 ¥ 2,758
 ¥ 4,936
 (981)
  (161)
  (380)
  (144)
  (512)
  (2,418)
  (4,596)
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 340
 340
   Tax loss carryforwards* Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets
Tax loss carryforwards* Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets
Within 1 year
Within 1 year
¥ 520 (520)
—
Between 1 and 2 years
Between 1 and 2 years
¥ 994 (994)
—
Between 2 and 3 years
Between 2 and 3 years
¥ 164 (164)
—
Between 4 and 5 years
Between 4 and 5 years
¥ 146 (146)
—
Later than 5 years
Later than 5 years
¥ 2,874 (2,704)
170
Total
Total
¥ 5,080 (4,911)
170
Salaries and allowances
Allowance for employees’ bonuses
Allowance for directors’ bonuses
Allowance for benefit expenses
Allowance for directors’ retirement benefits
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Allowance for warranties for completed construction
                                       Research and development expenses charged to selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were ¥2,271 million ($20,865 thousand) and ¥2,112 million, respectively.
                94
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 95

14. Contingent Liabilities
Contingent liabilities as at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
(Risk management of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation and interest rate fluctuation)
With respect to investment securities, the Companies regularly monitor prices and the issuer’s financial status. Except for held-to-maturity bonds, the Companies constantly review investment strategy by taking the market situation and relationship with issuers into consideration. Derivative transactions are executed and managed in accordance with internal rules and policies by the responsible section of each Group Company, and the status of derivative positions is reported regularly to the Board of Directors.
The Companies believe that market risk relating to derivative instruments is very low since the contracts entered into are spread among highly creditworthy financial institutions both in Japan and abroad.
(Risk management of liquidity risk that the Companies cannot meet its contractual obligation in full on maturity dates)
The Finance Department of Company manages liquidity risk by establishing and revising cash flow plan based on reports from each section.
(d) Supplementary explanation of items relating to the fair values of financial instruments
The fair values of financial instruments include market prices or reasonably estimated values if there are no market prices. Because estimation of fair values incorporates variable factors, adopting different assumptions can change the values.
(e) Fair value of financial instruments
Fair values of financial instruments were as follows. Items for which fair values are extremely difficult to establish are not included in the following table.
Carrying amount
82,421 135,636
1,762 33,231 66,047
Millions of yen
2019
Fair value
¥ 82,421 135,636
1,803 32,390 66,047
¥ 318,297
¥(118,547)
(75,595)
(70,638) (117,900) ¥(382,680)
¥ (30) 1,081 ¥ 1,052
(2) Liabilities
(Notes and accounts payable, trade, Accounts payable for construction contracts)
Because these are settled in the short term, fair values and book values are nearly equivalent. Therefore, relevant book values are used.
(Bonds issued)
The fair values of bonds issued are based on market prices.
(Long-term loans payable)
The fair values of long-term loans payable with floating interest rates approximate book values because the interest rate of long-term loans payable reflects market interest rate quickly and the Company’s credit standing has not changed significantly since implementing the loans. Therefore, relevant book values are used. The fair values of long-term loans payable with fixed interest rates are principally estimated by discounting based on estimated interest rates if similar new loans were implemented.
(3) Derivative transactions See Note 16.
2. Financial instruments whose fair values are extremely difficult to determine
Financial Section
          Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Cash and time deposits
Notes and accounts receivable,
trade
Marketable securities
and investment securities: Held-to-maturity
Shares in affiliates Available-for-sale
Total
Notes and accounts payable,
¥
Difference
¥— —
42 (841)
— ¥(800)
¥—
— 638
(624) ¥15
      2020
2019
¥30,978
9,835 7,657
436 67 ¥48,973
  Guarantee on loans
from financial institutions:
Guarantees of housing loans to customers
Affiliated companies of Crescent Communities group
Kanda Biomass Energy K.K.
Kawasaki Biomass Electric Power Co., Ltd.
MOS Lumber Products Co., Ltd. Total
15. Financial Instruments
(a) Policy for financial instruments
¥ 319,096 trade ¥(118,547)
     $271,603
 251,050
 97,201
 2,621
 —
 $622,474
  ¥29,559
27,322
10,578
285
—
¥67,744
                           Accounts payable for construction contracts
Bonds issued
Long-term loans payable**
Total ¥(382,666) Derivatives***:
 (75,595)
     (70,000) (118,524)
                 Hedge accounting not applied
Hedge accounting applied Total
Cash and time deposits
Notes and accounts receivable,
trade
Marketable securities
and investment securities: Held-to-maturity
Shares in affiliates Available-for-sale
Total
Notes and accounts payable,
trade
Accounts payable for
construction contracts Bonds issued
Long-term loans payable** Total
Derivatives***:
Hedge accounting not applied Hedge accounting applied
Total
¥ ¥
(30) 1,081 1,052
¥
¥ —
— —
        The Companies invest temporary cash surplus in financial assets with high degrees of safety and mainly use bank loans and bonds in order
to raise funds. Furthermore, the Companies use derivative transactions to mitigate the risk of currency exchange rates related to normal
foreign currency-denominated transactions and the risk of interest rate fluctuation related to interest payment for loans, and do not conduct for speculative purposes.
(b) Details of financial instruments and related risk
Trade receivables are exposed to customers’ credit risk. Short-term loans receivable are mainly used for repurchase agreement that has a contract with a financial institution with a rating of more than a certain level, and therefore credit risk is insignificant. Marketable securities are mainly negotiable deposit certificates subject to settlement in the short term. Investment securities are mainly bonds for held-to-maturity and equities of customers and suppliers of the Companies and those are exposed to market price fluctuation risk. Almost all of trade payables have payment due dates within one year. Loans payable and bonds are mainly used for operating capital expenses and capital investment. Although loans with floating rate interest are exposed to market risk of interest rate fluctuation, the Companies use derivative transactions (interest rate swaps) for hedging a part of such loans. Derivative transactions include forward foreign currency exchange contracts and currency swaps to mitigate market risk of fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates related to foreign currency-denominated transactions and interest rate swaps to mitigate market risk of interest rate fluctuation related to interest payments for loans.
(c) Risk management for financial instruments
(Credit risk management)
The Companies review due date and receivable balance of each customer in accordance with the Credit Management Guideline. In addition, the Companies monitor credit standing of principal customers at least once a year.
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Fair value
           Carrying amount
Difference
Carrying amount
  $ 852,464
  $ 852,464
  $—
 1,130,477
 1,130,477
 —
  Millions of yen
2019 ¥ 4,618 40,614
Thousands of U.S. dollars
  2020
 $ 26,910
 469,452
  2020
¥ 2,929
51,090
 Unlisted equity securities Investment in affiliates
    13,396
 13,606
 210
 310,718
  215,128
  (95,590)
 479,744
 479,744
 —
 $ 2,786,798
 $ 2,691,418
 $(95,381)
 $(1,003,210)
$(1,003,210)
$—
 (765,242)
 (765,242)
 —
 (826,978)
  (822,893)
  (4,084)
 (1,217,406)
 (1,211,947)
 (5,459)
 $(3,812,836)
 $(3,803,293)
 $ (9,543)
    Millions of yen
2020
Fair value
3. The redemption schedule for monetary claims and held- to-maturity debt securities after the consolidated balance sheet date
         Cash and time deposits
Notes and accounts receivable,
trade
Marketable securities
and investment securities: Held-to-maturity
Shares in affiliates Available-for-sale
Total
Notes and accounts payable,
trade
Accounts payable for
construction contracts Bonds issued
Long-term loans payable** Total
Derivatives***:
Hedge accounting not applied Hedge accounting applied
Total
1 year or less
More than 5 years but within 10 years
More than 10 years
Carrying amount
Difference
Millions of yen
2020
More than 1 year but within 5 years
   ¥ 92,774
  ¥ 92,774
  ¥—
 123,030
 123,030
 —
        ¥ 92,093
123,030
¥—
—
¥—
—
¥—
—
   1,458
 1,481
 23
 33,815
  23,412
  (10,403)
 52,211
 52,211
 —
 ¥ 303,287
 ¥ 292,907
 ¥(10,380)
 ¥(109,179)
¥(109,179)
¥—
 (83,281)
 (83,281)
 —
 (90,000)
  (89,555)
  (445)
 (132,490)
 (131,896)
 (594)
 ¥(414,951)
 ¥(413,912)
 ¥ (1,039)
   $ 270
  $ 270
  $—
 32,443
 32,443
 —
 $ 32,713
 $ 32,713
 $—
          658
3,000
¥218,781
737
—
¥737
62
—
¥62
—
—
¥—
* Liabilities are shown in brackets
** Long-term loans payable include the current portion.
*** Assets and liabilities from derivatives transactions are shown in the net amount.
If the total is negative, the amount is shown in brackets.
Notes:
1. Method of estimating the fair values of financial instruments
and items relating to securities and derivative transactions
(1) Assets
(Cash and time deposits, Notes and accounts receivable, trade) Because these are settled in the short term, fair values and book values are nearly equivalent. Therefore, relevant book values are used.
(Marketable securities and investment securities)
The fair values of equity securities, including shares in affiliates, are based on market prices. The fair values of debt securities are based on market prices or quoted prices obtained from financial institutions. For negotiable deposit certificates, the book value is almost the same as the market value because of their short maturities.
Cash and time deposits
Notes and accounts receivable, trade
Marketable securities
and investment securities:
Government bonds
Other Total
Cash and time deposits
Notes and accounts receivable, trade
Marketable securities
and investment securities:
Millions of yen
2019
More than 1 year but within 5 years
¥— —
1,239 — ¥1,239
         1 year or less
¥ 81,999 135,636
305 5,000 Total ¥222,940
More than 5 years but within 10 years
¥— —
218 — ¥218
More than 10 years
¥— —
—
— ¥—
 ¥ 29
  ¥ 29
  ¥—
 3,531
 3,531
 —
 ¥ 3,560
 ¥ 3,560
 ¥—
         Government bonds
 Other
  96
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 97

Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Thousands of U.S. dollars
The changes in the retirement benefit obligation for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows (except the plans under the simplified method):
Financial Section
    1 year or less
5 years or less but more than 1 year
10 years or less but more than 5 years
More than 10 years
Millions of yen
2020
Contract amount
Contract amount due after one year
  2020
Contract amount
Contract amount due after
one year Fair value
Hedged item
Accounts payable, trade
Accounts payable, trade
Accounts receivable, trade
Long-term loans payable
Long-term loans payable
Fair value
Millions of yen
2019 ¥72,224 3,216 524 2,845
(2,075) 8
(56) ¥76,685
Thousands of U.S. dollars
   $ 846,213
1,130,477
 $—
—
$—
—
$—
—
Cash and time deposits
Notes and accounts receivable, trade
Marketable securities
and investment securities:
Government bonds
Other Total
Forward foreign currency exchange contracts:
Accounted for by the deferred hedge method:
Sell (U.S. dollar) Sell (Euro)
Sell (Thai baht) Buy (U.S. dollar) Buy (Euro)
Accounted for by the allocation method: Sell (U.S. dollar)
Total
Interest rate swap contracts:
Accounted for by the exceptional method:
Pay fixed / receive variable
Total
Interest rate and
currency swap contracts: Accounted for by the exceptional method
and allocation method: Pay fixed Yen / receive
variable U.S. dollar Total
Forward foreign currency exchange contracts:
Accounted for by the deferred hedge method:
Sell (U.S. dollar) Sell (Euro)
Sell (Thai baht) Buy (U.S. dollar) Buy (Euro)
Accounted for by the allocation method: Buy (U.S. dollar)
Buy (Euro) Total
Interest rate swap contracts: Accounted for by the exceptional method:
Pay fixed / receive variable
Total
Interest rate and currency
swap contracts: Accounted for by the
exceptional method and allocation method:
Pay fixed Yen / receive variable U.S. dollar
Total
Hedged item
Accounts payable, trade
Accounts payable, trade
Accounts receivable, trade
Long-term loans payable
Long-term loans payable
Hedged item
Accounts payable, trade
Accounts payable, trade
Accounts payable, trade
Long-term loans payable
Long-term loans payable
Forward foreign currency exchange contracts:
Accounted for by the deferred hedge method:
Sell (U.S. dollar) Sell (Euro)
Sell (Thai baht) Buy (U.S. dollar) Buy (Euro)
Accounted for by the allocation method: Sell (U.S. dollar)
Total
Interest rate swap contracts:
Accounted for by the exceptional method:
Pay fixed / receive variable
Total
Interest rate and
currency swap contracts: Accounted for by the exceptional method
and allocation method: Pay fixed Yen / receive
variable U.S. dollar Total
Balance at the beginning of the year Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial gain and loss Retirement benefits paid
Prior service cost
Other
Balance at the end of the year
 2020
 $704,634
 31,381
 3,564
 7,922
 (20,734)
 —
 300
 $727,067
  2020
¥76,685
3,415
388
862
(2,257)
—
33
¥79,127
          $ 36,724
14,462
27,182
245,736
39,702
$—
—
27,182
170,788
—
$ (486)
(31)
(822)
34,026
(244)
      6,046
27,566
$2,010,302
6,772
—
$6,772
570
—
$570
—
—
$—
     ¥ 3,997
1,574
2,958
26,743
4,321
¥—
—
2,958
18,587
—
¥ (53)
(3)
(89)
3,703
(27)
                 250
$364,056
—
$197,970
*
$32,443
   16. Derivatives and Hedging Activities
The changes in plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows (except the plans under the simplified method):
  Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
    27
¥39,620
—
¥21,545
*
¥3,531
    Millions of yen
2020
Millions of yen
2019 ¥56,953 1,595
(566) 2,201
(1,723) ¥58,461
Thousands of U.S. dollars
    $ 16,631
$ 16,631
$ 9,618
$ 9,618
*
$—
 2020
 $537,177
 11,281
 (15,712)
 16,350
 (16,778)
 $532,317
  2020
¥58,461
1,228
(1,710)
1,779
(1,826)
¥57,932
           ¥ 1,810
¥ 1,810
¥ 1,047
¥ 1,047
*
¥—
Contract amount
Contract amount due after one year
Fair value
Unrealized gain (loss)
Balance at the beginning of the year Expected return on plan assets Actuarial gain and loss Contributions
Retirement benefits paid Balance at the end of the year
       Forward foreign currency exchange contracts:
Sell (Yen)
Sell (U.S. dollar)
Total
Interest rate swap contracts:
Pay fixed / receive variable Total
Forward foreign currency exchange contracts:
Sell (Yen)
Sell (U.S. dollar) Sell (Thai baht) Buy (U.S. dollar)
Total
Interest rate swap contracts:
Pay fixed / receive variable Total
Forward foreign currency exchange contracts:
Sell (Yen)
Sell (U.S. dollar)
Total
Interest rate swap contracts:
Pay fixed / receive variable Total
* Derivative transactions that meet certain hedging criteria, regarding forward foreign currency exchange contracts, or interest rate swap contracts, are treated in combination with the hedged items; trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable or long-term loans payable, and the fair values of these derivatives are included in those of the hedged items.
Note: The fair value of derivative transactions is measured at the quoted price obtained from the financial institutions, etc.
17. Employees’ Retirement Benefits and Pension Plans
The Company and most of its consolidated subsidiaries have either funded or unfunded defined benefit plans and/or defined contribution plans. Certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries have a Smaller Enterprise Retirement Allowance Mutual Aid Plan.
The changes in the liability for retirement benefits, which were calculated by the simplified method for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, were as follows:
    ¥1,787
273
¥2,060
¥—
—
¥—
¥36
(7)
¥29
¥36
(7)
¥29
   $ 26,273
$ 26,273
$ 26,273
$ 26,273
*
$—
            ¥ 2,859
¥ 2,859
¥ 2,859
¥ 2,859
*
¥—
 ¥1,578
¥1,578
¥—
¥—
¥—
¥—
¥—
¥—
      Millions of yen
2019
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
2019 ¥1,315 263
(91) (93) (35)
¥1,359
Thousands of U.S. dollars
  2020
 $12,490
 2,421
 (960)
 (660)
 (1,463)
 $11,829
  2020
¥1,359
263
(104)
(72)
(159)
¥1,287
   Contract amount
¥1,679 128 917 3 ¥2,727
¥1,598 ¥1,598
Contract amount
Contract amount due after one year
¥— — 917 — ¥917
¥200 ¥200
Fair value
¥(20) (3) (15) (0) ¥(37)
Unrealized gain (loss)
¥(20) (3) (15) (0) ¥(37)
2019
Contract amount
¥ 5,721 1,861 346 29,294 5,196
262
146 ¥42,824
¥ 1,810 ¥ 1,810
¥ 2,859 ¥ 2,859
Contract amount due after
one year Fair value
¥— ¥6 — 16 346 6 19,290 1,105
— (51)
— *
— * ¥19,636 ¥1,081
¥ 1,117 * ¥ 1,117 ¥—
¥ 2,859 * ¥ 2,859 ¥—
Balance at the beginning of the year Retirement benefit expense Retirement benefits paid Contributions
Other
Balance at the end of the year
                 The following table sets forth the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 for the Company’s and the consolidated subsidiaries’ defined benefit plans:
         ¥ 8
¥8 ¥8
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have defined
benefit plans, i.e., lump-sum payment plans, annuity payment plans,
the amounts of which are determined by reference to their basic rates
of pay, length of service, and the conditions under which termination
occurs. 2019
¥ 8
    Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
  2020
 $ 686,347
 (539,385)
 146,962
 59,616
 $ 206,578
 $ 207,424
 (846)
 $ 206,578
  2020
¥ 74,695
(58,701)
15,994
6,488
¥ 22,482
¥ 22,574
(92)
¥ 22,482
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Certain consolidated subsidiaries use a simplified method for calculating retirement benefit expenses and liabilities.
In certain cases, special retirement benefits may be paid to employees.
Funded retirement benefit obligation
Plan assets at fair value
Unfunded retirement benefit obligation
Net liability for retirement benefits in the balance sheet
Liability for retirement benefits
Asset for retirement benefits
Net liability for retirement benefits in the balance sheet
      Contract amount due after one year
Fair value
Unrealized gain (loss)
¥ 72,718 (59,192)
13,526
6,058
¥ 19,584 ¥ 19,822
(238) ¥ 19,584
           $16,416
2,510
$18,926
$—
—
$—
$334
(65)
$270
$334
(65)
$270
           $14,497
$14,497
$—
$—
$—
$—
$—
$—
        Note: The fair value of derivative transactions is measured at the quoted price obtained from the financial institutions, etc.
  98
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 99

The components of retirement benefit expense for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
The main components of net change in carrying amount above included an increase of ¥4,974 million ($45,706 thousand) due to acquisitions
of real estate and a decrease of ¥7,601 million ($69,840 thousand) due to change in the holding purpose of properties to real estate for sale,
a decrease of ¥40 million ($368 thousand) due to change in the use
of property from rental use to in-house use, a decrease of ¥50 million ($462 thousand) due to exchange rate fluctuations and a decrease of ¥176 million ($1,615 thousand) due to depreciation for the year ended March 31, 2020.
Additionally, fair value is evaluated mainly by third-party appraisers.
19. Revenue Recognition
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized based on the following five-step approach, at the amount of consideration for which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for goods or services when the control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the customer.
Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer
Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract
Step 3: Determine the transaction price
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract
Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the
performance obligation
(1) Revenue from sales of goods
Revenue from the sales of goods mainly includes the sales of timber and building materials through wholesale, retail, manufacturing and processing, and the sales of real estate for sale. At the time of delivery, the performance obligation is satisfied with the customer having control over the goods, and the Company recognizes revenue at that time.
(2) Revenue from construction contracts
Revenue from construction contracts mainly includes construction of detached houses and development of multi-family homes. Revenue is recognized over a certain period of time as the performance obligation is satisfied. The method of estimating the progress on the performance obligations satisfied over time is mainly the input method based on costs incurred.
However, for construction contracts for which the period from the commencement date of the contract to the date when it is expected that the performance obligation will be fully satisfied is very short, revenue
is not recognized over a certain period of time, and the performance obligation is judged to be satisfied at the time of delivery, and revenue is recognized at that time.
(3) Revenue from services and other sales
Revenue from services and other sales mainly includes commissions related to agency transactions for timber and building materials, commissions related to guarantee services for detached houses and multi-family housing, and commissions related to the management and brokerage of real estate. Revenue from these transactions is recognized when the performance obligation is satisfied when the contractual terms of the contracts are fulfilled. For transactions that satisfy the performance obligation over a certain period of time, revenue is recognized based on the degree of progress in satisfying the performance obligation
20. Segment Information
The reportable segments of the Group are components for which discrete financial information is available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the board of directors to make decisions about resource allocation and to assess performance. The Group’s operations are based on the comprehensive strategies for products and services planned by each division. Accordingly, the Company is classified into four segments (Timber and Building Materials, Housing and Construction, Overseas Housing and Real Estate, and Environment and Resources) based on division and identified by products, services and geographical areas:
Timber and Building Materials: procurement, manufacture, processing and sale of timber and building materials, etc.
Housing and Construction: construction, maintenance and renovation of detached houses and apartment buildings, sale of spec homes, leasing,
management, purchase and sale and brokerage of real estate, house exterior fixtures, landscaping works contracting, urban
greening works, CAD, site surveys, etc.
Overseas Housing and Real Estate: sale of spec homes, and construction of detached houses, development of multi-family housing and commercial
complexes in overseas markets, etc.
Environment and Resources: biomass power generation business and forestation, etc.
Other: private-pay elderly care facilities business, insurance agency business, and contracted civil engineering/construction work, etc.
(Changes in reportable segments)
In conjunction with the reorganization in April 2019, effective from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the reporting segments have been changed from “Timber and Building Materials,” “Housing and Construction,” and “Overseas Housing and Real Estate” to “Timber and Building Materials,” “Housing and Construction,” “Overseas Housing and Real Estate,” and “Environment and Resources.”
The main change is that the biomass power generation business and overseas reforestation business, which had been included in “Other,” are included in the “Environment and Resources” business.
Millions of yen
2019 ¥ 3,216 524
(1,595)
3,410 8
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Financial Section
 2020
 $ 31,381
 3,564
 (11,281)
 23,634
 —
 2,421
 0
 $ 49,720
  2020
¥ 3,415
388
(1,228)
2,572
—
263
0
¥ 5,411
 Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of actuarial gain and loss
Amortization of prior service cost
Retirement benefit expense under the simplified method
     263 Other 11 Retirement benefit expense ¥ 5,837
   The fair value of plan assets, by major category, as a percentage of total plan assets as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
2019 Bonds 46% Stocks 25% General account 13% Other 16% Total 100%
The expected return on assets has been estimated based on the anticipated allocation to each asset class and the expected long-term returns on assets held in each category.
The assumptions used in accounting for the above plans were as follows:
2019 Discount rates 0.000%–0.622%
Expected rates of return
plan assets 2.8%
Expected rate of salary increase
(point based plan) 5.0%
Contributions to defined contribution retirement benefit plans of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries were ¥1,343 million ($12,338 thousand) and ¥1,214 million for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
18. Investment Property
The Company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries hold some rental properties such as rental condominiums in Tokyo and other areas and overseas (mainly in the United States). The net income from the investment properties for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was ¥714 million ($6,563 thousand) and ¥373 million, respectively. The income is recognized in net sales and the expense is principally charged to cost of sales. The amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets and fair values related to investment properties were as follows:
Segment information from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 has been prepared based on the new reporting segments.
 2020
 47%
 23%
 13%
 17%
 100%
              As of/Year Ended March 31, 2020
Sales and contract revenues: Unaffiliated customers Inter-segment transfers
Total
Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation and amortization Amortization of goodwill Interest income
Interest expense
Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates Investments in affiliates
Increase in tangible and intangible assets
Timber and Building Materials
Housing and Construction
Overseas Housing and Real Estate
Environment and Resources
Millions of yen Subtotal
Other
Total
Adjustments
Consolidated
   ¥202,525
21,102
223,627
6,095
195,591
¥473,151
852
474,003
22,570
181,789
¥398,780
579
399,360
34,541
336,580
¥16,248
3,015
19,263
3,551
75,900
¥1,090,705
25,548
1,116,253
66,758
789,860
¥12,765
10,661
23,425
1,484
77,146
¥1,103,470
36,209
1,139,678
68,243
867,007
¥ 625
(36,209)
(35,584)
(9,419)
137,761
¥1,104,094
—
1,104,094
58,824
1,004,768
    2020
 0.000%–0.451%
 2.1%
 5.0%
        2,987
—
73
777
(559)
7,827
4,061
4,632
—
45
560
7
1,337
3,399
2,449
5,975
187
3,098
6,535
37,928
13,962
2,022
—
123
516
391
1,932
1,677
12,090
5,975
428
4,951
6,374
49,024
23,098
1,649
168
0
207
1,722
34,132
10,705
13,739
6,143
428
5,158
8,096
83,156
33,804
649
—
23
(2,453)
0
8
4,099
14,388
6,143
451
2,706
8,097
83,164
37,903
           Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Notes: 1. Adjustments for sales and contract revenues on unaffiliated customers include ¥625 million ($5,739 thousand) of administration department profit.
2. Adjustments for segment income and loss include ¥482 million ($4,431 thousand) of elimination of inter-segment income and loss, ¥2,572 million ($23,634 thousand) of
retirement benefits liability adjustments (loss), and ¥6,365 million ($58,486 thousand) of corporate general administration expense, which are not allocable to the reportable
segments.
3. Adjustments for segment assets include ¥8,314 million ($76,391 thousand) of inter-segment eliminations, ¥146,075 million ($1,342,230 thousand) of corporate assets, which are
not allocable to the reportable assets.
 100
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 101
2020
Carrying amount
¥26,683
Fair value
¥25,610
2019
Carrying amount
¥29,576
Fair value
¥28,374
Carrying amount
$245,185
Fair value
$235,320

As of/Year Ended March 31, 2019
Sales and contract revenues: Unaffiliated customers Inter-segment transfers
Total
Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation and amortization Amortization of goodwill Interest income
Interest expense
Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates Investments in affiliates
Increase in tangible and intangible assets
Timber and Building Materials
¥464,091 22,999 487,091 7,980 207,408
3,073 — 101 706
(49) 8,937 2,178
Housing and Construction
¥452,234 604 452,839 21,598 155,773
4,699 — 39 520
(1) — 6,865
Overseas Housing and Real Estate
¥364,365 513 364,878 25,812 321,486
1,760 6,250 127 2,257 923 28,205 7,984
Environment and Resources
¥15,138 4,388 19,526 4,012 75,873
1,679 — 137 96 315 1,396 3,914
Millions of yen Subtotal
¥1,295,829 28,505 1,324,333 59,403 760,540
11,210 6,250 405 3,579 1,188 38,538 20,941
Other
¥12,466 9,805 22,272 85 66,968
1,688 168 0 199 526 33,556 1,287
Total
¥1,308,295 38,310 1,346,605 59,488 827,508
12,898 6,418 405 3,777 1,714 72,094 22,228
Adjustments Consolidated
¥ 598 ¥1.308,893 (38,310) — (37,712) 1,308,893
(8,052) 51,436 143,467 970,976
798 13,696 — 6,418 32 437
(1,762) 2,015 0 1,715 (8) 72,086 (1,014) 21,214
(2) Geographic area information
Sales information by geographic area was as follows:
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Year Ended March 31, 2019
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Information of property, plant and equipment by geographical areas was as follows:
Japan
Japan
¥894,910
Japan
New Zealand
New Zealand
¥35,668
Millions of yen United States
Millions of yen United States
¥292,151
Other Area
Other Area
¥121,832
Total
Total
¥1,308,893
Total
Total
Total
¥170,000
Total
Total
Total
¥126
Total
Total
Financial Section
        ¥675,686
  ¥331,894
  ¥96,514
  ¥1,104,094
                        Thousands of U.S. dollars
      $6,208,638
  $3,049,651
  $886,837
  $10,145,126
               Notes: 1. Adjustments for sales and contract revenues on unaffiliated customers include ¥598 million of administration department profit.
2. Adjustments for segment income and loss include ¥382 million of elimination of inter-segment income and loss, ¥3,410 million of retirement benefits liability
adjustments (loss), and ¥4,260 million of corporate general administration expense, which are not allocable to the reportable segments.
3. Adjustments for segment assets include ¥7,683 million of inter-segment eliminations, ¥151,151 million of corporate assets, which are not allocable to the reportable
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Year Ended March 31, 2019
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Japan
Japan
¥95,676
Japan
United States
Millions of yen United States
Millions of yen United States ¥23,906
Other Area
Other Area
Other Area
¥14,750
Other Area
 ¥104,932
  ¥33,753
  ¥20,286
  ¥20,475
  ¥179,446
    assets.
As of/Year Ended March 31, 2020
Sales and contract revenues: Unaffiliated customers Inter-segment transfers
Total
Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation and amortization Amortization of goodwill Interest income
Interest expense
Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates Investments in affiliates
Increase in tangible and intangible assets
(Related information)
(1) Products and services information
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars
            Timber and Building Materials
Housing and Construction
Overseas Housing and Real Estate
Environment and Resources
Subtotal
Other
Total
Adjustments
Consolidated
Thousands of U.S. dollars New Zealand United States
             $964,180
  $310,144
  $186,400
  $188,141
  $1,648,867
     $1,860,931
193,899
2,054,830
56,007
1,797,216
$4,347,614
7,830
4,355,444
207,390
1,670,390
$3,664,251
5,321
3,669,572
317,390
3,092,715
$149,300
27,702
177,003
32,633
697,421
$10,022,097
234,753
10,256,849
613,420
7,257,744
$117,290
97,957
215,247
13,639
708,871
$10,139,387
332,709
10,472,097
627,059
7,966,614
$ 5,739
(332,709)
(326,971)
(86,551)
1,265,838
$10,145,126
—
10,145,126
540,508
9,232,452
   (3) Customer information
Customer information has been omitted since sales and contract revenues from no single customer exceeded 10% of consolidated net sales.
   (Information of loss on impairment of fixed assets)
 27,449
—
667
7,142
(5,138)
71,920
37,319
42,564
—
417
5,145
64
12,282
31,229
22,500
54,899
1,722
28,470
60,051
348,505
128,290
18,579
—
1,126
4,737
3,595
17,755
15,405
111,092
54,899
3,933
45,494
58,573
450,462
212,243
15,148
1,548
0
1,904
15,823
313,629
98,368
126,240
56,447
3,933
47,398
74,395
764,091
310,610
5,968
—
208
(22,538)
4
72
37,666
132,208
56,447
4,141
24,860
74,399
764,163
348,276
         Timber and Building Materials
Timber and Building Materials
¥89
Timber and Building Materials
Timber and Building Materials
Housing and Construction
Housing and Construction
¥—
Housing and Construction
Housing and Construction
Millions of yen Overseas
 Year Ended March 31, 2020
Loss on impairment of fixed assets
Year Ended March 31, 2019
Loss on impairment of fixed assets
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Loss on impairment of fixed assets (Amortization and balance of goodwill)
As of/Year Ended March 31, 2020
Amortization of goodwill Balance of goodwill
Housing and Real Estate
Overseas Housing and Real Estate
¥—
Environment and Resource
Millions of yen
Environment and Resource
¥—
Other
Other
¥38
Elimination and/ or Corporate
Elimination and/ or Corporate
¥—
Elimination and/ or Corporate
Elimination and/ or Corporate
 ¥—
  ¥249
  ¥—
  ¥—
  ¥140
  ¥—
  ¥389
                               Millions of yen
Housing Other Total
Millions of yen
Housing Other Total
Thousands of U.S. dollars
            ¥205,287
  ¥871,932
  ¥26,875
  ¥1,104,094
   Sales and contract revenues to unaffiliated customers
Year Ended March 31, 2019
Sales and contract revenues to unaffiliated customers
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Sales and contract revenues to unaffiliated customers
Timber and Building Materials
Timber and Building Materials
¥464,874
Timber and Building Materials
¥816,749 ¥27,270 ¥1,308,893
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Housing Other Total
Overseas Housing and Real Estate
Overseas Housing and Real Estate
Environment and
Resource Other
Millions of yen
Environment and
Resource Other
 $—
  $2,288
  $—
  $—
  $1,288
  $—
  $3,577
                               ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥5,975
 ¥—
 ¥ 168
 ¥—
 ¥6,143
 —
  —
  5,061
  —
  2,527
  —
  7,588
    $1,886,304
  $8,011,873
  $246,948
  $10,145,126
      102
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 103

       As of/Year Ended March 31, 2019
Amortization of goodwill Balance of goodwill
As of/Year Ended March 31, 2020
Amortization of goodwill Balance of goodwill
21. Amounts per Share
Timber and Building Materials
¥— —
Timber and Building Materials
Housing and Construction
¥— —
Housing and Construction
Overseas Housing and Real Estate
¥6,250 9,956
Millions of yen
Environment and Resource
Other
Elimination and/ or Corporate
Total
¥ 6,418 12,651
Total
23. Asset Retirement Obligations
In accordance with exhibition contracts at housing exhibition sites and tenancy contracts for offices, the Company and certain subsidiaries are obligated to remove leasehold improvements attached to these housing exhibitions and offices and return the property to its original state after vacating the premises.
The asset retirement obligations are determined and discounted to their present value using the discount rates ranging from 0.00% to 2.15% and the anticipated future useful lives ranging from 5 years to 49 years.
The changes in the asset retirement obligations for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were summarized as follows:
24. Related Party Transactions
Principal transactions between the Company, the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries and their related parties for the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were summarized as follows:
Financial Section
        ¥— ¥168 ¥—
              Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Name
Relative of Toshiro Mitsuyoshi
Millions of yen Balance at the
Thousands of U.S. dollars Balance at the
—
2,695
Other
—
Elimination and/ or Corporate
         Overseas Housing and Real Estate
Title
Transactions
Receipt of rent for private-pay elderly care facility
Amounts
end of the year
Amounts
end of the year
 Environment and Resource
 $—
 $—
 $54,899
 $—
 $ 1,548
 $—
 $56,447
 —
  —
  46,505
  —
  23,219
  —
  69,724
     Millions of yen
2019 Balance at beginning of the year ¥1,507
Liability incurred
for assets acquired 157
Change in estimates 417
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Notes: 1. The terms and conditions of the transactions were determined using the same methods as third party transactions.
2. The transaction amounts do not include consumption tax.
 2020
 $18,466
 1,991
 731
 95
 (744)
 $20,539
  2020
¥2,010
217
80
10
(81)
¥2,235
22. Other Comprehensive Income
2019
Name
Hitoshi Hayano
Noriaki Toi
Millions of yen
Balance at the Amounts end of the year
¥67 ¥— ¥31 ¥—
  (a) Basic and diluted net income attributable to shareholders of parent per share
Details on the computation of net income per share and net income per share fully diluted as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Reclassifications and income tax effects attributable to other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Accretion expense
Liabilities settled Balance at end of the year
12 (84)
¥2,010
Title
Senior statutory auditor
Statutory auditor
Transactions
Sales of housing
Sales of housing
    Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Millions of yen
2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
  Millions of yen
2020
¥
2019
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities:
Amount incurred during the year
Reclassification adjustments for gains and losses included in net income
Amount before tax effect
Tax effect
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges:
Amount incurred during the year
Reclassification adjustments for gains and losses included in net income
Amount before tax effect
Tax effect
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Translation adjustments:
Amount incurred during the year
Reclassification adjustments for gains and losses included in net income
Amount before tax effect
Tax effect Translation adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of affiliates accounted for by the equity method:
Amount incurred during the year
Reclassification adjustments for gains and losses included in net income
Share of other comprehensive income of affiliates accounted for by the equity method
Total other comprehensive income
2019
(6,610)
(4,740) (11,349)
3,206 (8,144)
1,386
15 1,400
(427) 974
(8,075)
— (8,075)
— (8,075)
(215) (67)
(282) ¥(15,527)
Notes: 1. The terms and conditions of the transactions were determined using the same methods as third party transactions.
2. The transaction amounts do not include consumption tax.
       Net income attributable to shareholders of parent per share—Basic:
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent
Net income not attributable to shares of common stock
Net income attributable to shares of common stock
Weighted average number of shares issued
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent per share fully diluted—Diluted:
Adjusted net income attributable to shareholders of parent
Common shares increase
(Bonds with subscription rights to shares)
(Subscription rights to shares)
¥
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, estimates of asset retirement obligations that were recorded as part of an obligation to restore a site to its original condition associated with the real estate rental agreement for the head office have changed due to obtaining new information regarding site restoration expenses. The related asset obligations have increased by ¥80 million ($731 thousand) as a result of this change.
25. Stock Option Plan
(a) Stock option expenses per accounts for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Selling, general and administrative expenses
 $(109,325)
 1,925
 (107,401)
 32,716
 (74,684)
  ¥(11,898)
209
(11,688)
3,560
(8,128)
  $255,928
 —
 255,928
 —
  ¥ 27,853
—
27,853
181,406,905
29,160 — 29,160 181,345,520
— 6,396,884
(6,281,036) (115,848)
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2017 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Directors of the Company: 8 Executive officers of the Company: 12 Total: 20
Common stock: 38,500 shares August 18, 2017
No provisions
No provisions
From August 19, 2017 to August 18, 2037
        24,817
 (994)
 23,823
 (7,485)
 16,338
  2,701
(108)
2,593
(815)
1,778
   —
 —
 —
 —
  —
4,671,111
(4,562,044)
(109,067)
  Millions of yen
   2020
  2019
  2020
 ¥—
 ¥12
 $—
      (26,427)
 (1,513)
 (27,941)
 463
 (27,477)
  (2,876)
(165)
(3,041)
50
(2,990)
    (b) Net assets per share
Details on the computation of net assets per share as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
(b) Description of stock options
(1) Description of stock options
Individuals covered by the plan
Number of stock options granted by class of share (Note)
Grant date Vesting conditions
Eligible service period Exercise period
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2016 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Directors of the Company: 8 Executive officers of the Company: 13 Total: 21
Common stock: 41,400 shares August 19, 2016
No provisions
No provisions
From August 20, 2016 to August 19, 2036
           Millions of yen
2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2015 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Directors of the Company: 8 Executive officers of the Company: 11 Total: 19
Common stock: 38,800 shares August 20, 2015
No provisions
No provisions
From August 21, 2015 to August 20, 2035
            (2,289)
 (337)
 (2,625)
 $ (88,449)
  (249)
(37)
(286)
¥ (9,626)
Net assets per share:
Total net assets
Amounts deducted from total net assets:
(Subscription rights to shares)
(Non-controlling interests)
Net assets attributable to shares of common stock
The number of shares of common stock used for the calculation of net assets per share
2019
353,489 35,169
(135) (35,034)
318,320
181,372,832
 $3,280,934
 317,631
 (1,099)
 (316,532)
 2,963,303
 —
  ¥ 357,064
34,568
(120)
(34,448)
322,496
181,425,138
 ¥
                         104
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 105
Note: Converted into the number of equivalent shares.
Director’s relative
¥18
¥—
$165
$—
   (2) Volume and changes in stock options
The number of stock options is converted into the number of equivalent shares.
 
 1) Number of stock options
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Unvested stock options As of March 31, 2019 Granted
Forfeited
Vested
Unvested
Vested stock options
As of March 31, 2019 Vested
Exercised
Forfeited
Unexercised
2) Unit price information
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Exercise price
Average stock price when exercised Fair unit value on the grant date
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Exercise price
Average stock price when exercised Fair unit value on the grant date
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2015 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2016 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2017 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Financial Section
     —
 —
 —
 —
  —
  —
 —
—
—
 —
 —
 —
 —
  —
  —
         35,300
  40,500
  37,600
 —
—
—
 5,700
 3,700
 3,400
 —
  —
  —
 29,600
 36,800
 34,200
          Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2015 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2015 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Yen
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
2016 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
U.S. dollars
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
2016 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2017 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
Sumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd. 2017 stock acquisition rights (stock-based compensation type)
 ¥1
 ¥1
 ¥1
 ¥1,502
  ¥1,625
  ¥1,625
 ¥1,233
 ¥1,092
 ¥1,256
          $ 0.01
 $ 0.01
 $ 0.01
 $13.80
  $14.93
  $14.93
 $11.33
 $10.03
 $11.54
      106
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 107
(c) Method for estimating a fair unit price for stock options
No stock options were granted in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
(d) Method for estimating the number of vested stock options
Because it is difficult to reasonably estimate the number of options that will expire in reflected.
the future, the number of options that have been forfeited is
Total face value: ¥40,000 million ($367,546 thousand)
Issue price (total): ¥39,958 million ($367,160 thousand)
Date of issue: April 1, 2020 – April 8, 2020
Maturity date: June 30, 2020 – March 31, 2021
Interest rate: determined by taking into account the short-term financial market interest rate
Collateral, etc.: unsecured, unguaranteed
26. Additional Information
(Effect of COVID-19 on accounting estimates)
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the business activities of the Company and its subsidiaries, however, it is extremely difficult to predict the future spread of the disease and when it will end.
To determine the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the recognition of impairment loss, etc., the Company made best estimates assuming that the impact would continue over the following fiscal year based on the information available at the time of preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
In the event that there are major changes in the assumptions in the next fiscal year upon which the estimates were formed, it is probable the estimates will be revised taking account of such changes.
27. Subsequent Events
(Issuance of commercial paper)
In order to secure sufficient liquidity, the Company has issued the following commercial paper.
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5)
(6)
(Significant borrowings)
In order to raise long-term working capital, the Company has entered into the following long-term borrowing arrangement.
(1) Lenders: Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and 13 other
financial institutions
(2) Borrowing amount (total): ¥20,000 million ($183,773 thousand)
(3) Borrowing date: May 29, 2020
(4) Repayment dates: May 29, 2026; May 31, 2027; and May 31, 2030 (5) Interest rate: determined by taking into account the long-term
interest rate in the financial market
(6) Collateral, etc.: unsecured, unguaranteed

  108 Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 109
Financial Section

  Sumitomo Forestry Group Overview (As of end of July 2020)
   Manufacture and sale of various types of plywood, building components for housing, and adhesives, etc.
     Procurement and sale of timber and forestry-related businesses
     Secondary processing and sale of aluminum sashes, exterior finishing
     Sale of door and window sashes for housing and low- and mid-rise buildings and exterior finishing materials
     Secondary processing and sale of aluminum sashes, exterior finishing
     Sale of housing materials and equipment
     Sale of housing materials and equipment, interior and exterior finishing
     Sale of housing materials and equipment, ancillary work
     Distribution services for home building materials
     Fiduciary business of design assistance of custom-built wooden detached homes, sale of software
     Manufacture and sale of ceramics and building materials
 Sales agent for land and housing
     Management of condominiums and apartments
     Renovation and maintenance of Sumitomo Forestry’s custom-built wooden detached homes and renovation of regular detached houses, stores and offices, as well as condominiums
     Urban greening, landscaping for private residences, plant management, procurement and sale of trees and landscape materials, plant rental, production and sale of nursery compost, culture soil for gardening, etc.
     Construction and construction supervision of Sumitomo Forestry’s custom-built wooden detached homes
     Design, production support, site and foundation surveys, analysis of foundation and application for housing performance evaluation for Sumitomo Forestry’s custom-built wooden detached homes
     Redevelopment of headquarters, etc. of Nagoya Port Authority
     Spatial production, management of commercial facilities, advertising business
 Intermediate processing of industrial waste products, supply and sale of wood chips
     Electric power generation using wood-chip biomass, wholesale of electric power
     Supply and sale of wood chips
     Electric power generation using wood-chip biomass, wholesale of electric power
     Supply and sale of wood chips
     Electric power generation using wood-chip biomass, wholesale of electric power
     Electric power generation using wood-chip biomass, wholesale of electric power
     Electric power generation using wood-chip biomass, wholesale of electric power
 Development of computer systems, etc.
     Bed log shiitake mushroom cultivation and sale, production and processing of timber and interior products, printing
     Various services for insurance agency, equipment leasing, office services, etc.
     Staffing business, training, business contracting
     Management of the Takinomiya Country Club golf course
     Management of private-pay elderly care facilities, etc.
     Management of private-pay elderly care facilities, home nursing care service
     Construction and peripheral businesses
     Ownership, management and rental business of accommodation facilities
                                                                                                         110 Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Domestic Group Overview
■ Sumitomo Forestry Crest Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Forestry Wood Products Co., Ltd.
■ Sumirin Sash Co., Ltd.
■ Sumikyo Wintec Co., Ltd.
■ Sumikyo Co., Ltd.
■ Igeto Co., Ltd.
■ Daiichisansho Co., Ltd.
■ Nihei Co., Ltd.
■ Home Eco Logistics Co., Ltd.
■ Home Express Structure Design, Inc.
■ Nichiha Fuji Tech Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Forestry Home Service Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Forestry Residential Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Forestry Landscaping Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Forestry Home Engineering Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Forestry Archi Techno Co., Ltd.
■ Meikan Honchosha PFI Co., Ltd.
■ AIM CREATE Co., Ltd.
■ Japan Bio Energy Co., Ltd.
■ Kawasaki Biomass Electric Power Co., Ltd.
■ Okhotsk Bio Energy Co., Ltd.
■ Mombetsu Biomass Electric Power Co., Ltd.
■ Michinoku Bio Energy Co., Ltd.
■ Hachinohe Biomass Electric Power Co., Ltd.
■ Tomakomai Biomass Power Co., Ltd.
■ Kanda Biomass Energy K.K.
■ Sumitomo Forestry Information Systems Co., Ltd.
■ Sumirin Wood Peace Co., Ltd.
■ Sumirin Enterprises Co., Ltd.
■ Sumirin Business Service Co., Ltd.
■ Kawanokita Development Co., Ltd.
■ Sumirin Fill Care Co., Ltd.
■ Sumirin Care Life Co., Ltd.
■ Kumagai Gumi Co., Ltd.
■ Aquaignis Taki Hotel Asset Co., Ltd.
■ Timber and Building Materials Business ■ Housing and Construction Business ■ Environment and Resources Business ■ Other Businesses Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 111

         Sumitomo Forestry Group Overview
        < Indonesia >
■ PT. Sumitomo Forestry Indonesia
■ PT. Mayangkara Tanaman Industri
■ PT. Wana Subur Lestari
 Import/export and wholesale of timber and building materials
        Large-scale forestation
        Large-scale forestation
     Manufacture and sale of plywood, secondary processed plywood, processed timber products and particle board
     Manufacture and sale of particle board and melamine faced chipboard
     Manufacture and sale of wooden interior products
     Manufacture and sale of materials for musical instruments and wooden building materials
      Development of detached houses in Indonesia
 Overseas Group Overview
< U.S.A. >
■ Sumitomo Forestry America, Inc.
■ Canyon Creek Cabinet Company
■ Bloomfield Homes Group
■ Gehan Homes Group
■ MainVue Homes Group
■ Dan Ryan Builders Group
■ Edge Homes Group
■ Crescent Communities Group
■ Mark III Properties, LLC
< Australia >
■ Sumitomo Forestry Australia Pty Ltd.
■ Henley Properties Group
■ Wisdom Properties Group
■ Scott Park Group
< New Zealand >
■ Sumitomo Forestry NZ Ltd.
■ Nelson Pine Industries Ltd.
■ Tasman Pine Forests Ltd.
< Papua New Guinea >
■ Open Bay Timber Ltd.
< Singapore >
■ Sumitomo Forestry (Singapore) Ltd.
■ SFKG Property Asia Pte. Ltd.
< China >
■ PT. Kutai Timber Indonesia
■ PT. Rimba Partikel Indonesia
■ PT. Sinar Rimba Pasifik
■ PT. AST Indonesia
■ PT. Summa Sinar Fajar < Myanmar >
■ Sumitomo Forestry (Singapore) Ltd. Yangon Branch < Thailand >
■ SF Holdings (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
■ PAN ASIA PACKING LTD.
■ Grand Star Co., Ltd.
■ Grand River Forest Co., Ltd.
■ PF Forestry Co., Ltd. < Vietnam >
■ Sumitomo Forestry Vietnam Co., Ltd.
■ Vina Eco Board Co., Ltd.
■ An Cuong Wood-Working Joint Stock Company < India >
Wholesale of timber and building materials, collect information on overseas locations
   Oversight and participation in management of affiliated companies in the U.S.A.
     Manufacture and sale of kitchen cabinets, etc.
     Construction and sale of spec homes
     Construction and sale of spec homes
     Construction and sale of spec homes
     Construction and sale of spec homes
     Construction and sale of spec homes
     Construction and sale of multi-family housing developments, commercial complex developments, etc.
     Land development
                                                Oversight and participation in management of affiliated companies in Australia; import/export and wholesale of timber and building materials
     Construction and sale of custom-built homes and spec homes
     Construction and sale of custom-built homes and spec homes
     Construction and sale of custom-built homes
      Management of affiliated companies in Thailand
     Procurement and sale of wooden packaging materials and wood products
     Development, construction and sale of condominiums
     Development, construction and sale of condominiums
     Development, construction and sale of detached houses
               Management of affiliated companies in New Zealand
     Manufacture and sale of medium-density fiberboard (MDF), veneer and laminated veneer lumber (LVL)
     Large-scale forestation
             Import/export and wholesale of timber and building materials
     Manufacture and sale of particle board
     Manufacture and sale of secondary processed board
Manufacture, sale and construction of wooden interior building materials
        Large-scale forestation
   Import/export and wholesale of timber and building materials, oversight and participation in management of affiliates in Asia
     Real estate development business in Asia region
 Import/export and wholesale of timber and building materials, etc.
     Manufacture and sale of wooden interior products
 ■ ■
Sumitomo Forestry India Pvt. Ltd. Spacewood Furnishers Pvt. Ltd.
        Overseas Offices
Vancouver Office (Canada) Amsterdam Office (Netherlands)
 Import/export and wholesale of timber and building materials
     Interior design and construction of housing and offices, manufacturing, processing and sale of trusses
     Contracted CAD work and other business processing
 ■
■ ■
住友林業(大連)商貿有限公司
Sumitomo Forestry (Dalian) Ltd.
派爾剛木製品(上海)有限公司
Paragon Wood Product (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
大連住林信息技術服務有限公司
Dalian Sumirin Information Technology Service Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
        112
■ Timber and Building Materials Business ■ Overseas Housing and Real Estate Business ■ Environment and Resources Business Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 113

  Organization Chart (As of April 1, 2020)
Corporate Profile
   Tsukuba Research Institute
Company Outline (As of March 31, 2020)
Major Shareholders (As of March 31, 2020)
 ShareholdersNumber of shares held (Thousand shares)Shareholding ratio
(%)Company NameSumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.Founded1691Incorporated
1948Paid-In Capital¥32,786 millionStock Exchange ListingTokyoTotal Number of Authorized Shares
400,000,000Total Number of Shares Issued182,752,036Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
June*Number of Shareholders10,780Head Office
Keidanren Kaikan, 3-2,
Otemachi 1-chome,
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8270, JapanConsolidated Subsidiaries244 (Overseas 212)Affiliated Companies100 (Overseas 92)Number of Employees (Consolidated)
19,332Homepagehttp://sfc.jp/english/Independent AuditorsErnst & Young ShinNihon LLCContact InformationSumitomo Forestry Co., Ltd.
Corporate Communications Department IR Team
Tel: 81-3-3214-2270
Fax: 81-3-3214-2272Strategic Business Research Department
Customer Service Department
Quality Control and Worker Safety Management Department Corporate Planning Department
Secretarial Department
External Relations Department
General Administration Department
Personnel Department
Finance Department
IT Solutions Department
Corporate Communications Department
Sustainability Department
Intellectual Property Department
Internal Audit Department
Environment & Resources Division
Timber & Building Materials Division
Forest and Landscape Research Center
Niihama Office
Sumitomo Forestry Business Institute Workstyle Diversification Department
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
The Iyo Bank, Ltd.
Kumagai Gumi Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Life Insurance Company
The Hyakujushi Bank, Ltd.
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account No. 9)
12,861 7.0
10,110 5.5
9,803 5.3
5,849 3.2
5,197 2.8
4,383 2.4
4,227 2.3
4,197 2.3
3,536 1.9
3,535 1.9
                    Management and Administration Department Forestry Department
Environment and Energy Department Overseas Resources Department
Administration and Planning Department
New Business Development Department Manufacturing Department
Management and Administration Department North America Business Department
Asia and Oceania Business Department
Administration and Planning Department Human Resources Development Department Customer Relations Department
Marketing and Promotion Department
Interior Design Department
Technology and Product Development Department
Design Management Department
Construction Management Department
Construction Materials Development Department
Quality Assurance Department Building Compliance Department
style Service Department
* Rounded down to the nearest thousand.
* The shareholding ratio is calculated by subtracting treasury stock from the total number
  of outstanding shares.
Breakdown of Shareholders
Treasury Stock 0.15%
Securities Firms 0.54%(As of March 31, 2020)
   Executive Committee
President
Board of Executive Officers
INOS Department
3 Sales Departments 5 Branches
Wooden Construction Development Department
Individuals and Other 11.31%
Foreign Investors 24.82%
Financial Institutions 40.01%
*A resolution to partially amend the Articles of Incorporation, changing the start and end of the fiscal year to January 1 and December 31, was approved at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 23, 2020. As a consequence, the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders will be held every March starting in 2021.
Domestic Corporations 23.14%
 