  Housing and Construction Segment
Housing and Construction Business
Business Outline       The Forest BF  Managing Executive Officer Divisional Manager of Housing and Construction Division
Ikuro Takahashi
Comfortable homes worth living in forever, with unique feeling and functionality of wood
Since it entered the Custom-Built Detached Housing Business in 1975, the Sumitomo Forestry Group has provided quality living environments by proliferating high-quality homes that last a long time. “Sumitomo Forestry Home Houses,” made from advanced construction methods while fully expressing the attractiveness and qualities of wood, is a leading brand in custom- built wooden detached homes. They have received high accolades for being gentle on the environment, and as comfortable, safe and secure homes that can be lived in for a long time.
Today, leveraging the designing and technological capabilities it accumulated in the custom-built housing business, Sumitomo Forestry has diversified its operations into the apartment business & residential property development (spec homes business), landscaping business, and existing homes business.
Over the past few years, Sumitomo Forestry has been promoting the use of wood materials in non-residential building construction fields, with the aim of expanding the new production and use of wood materials as a part of national policy.
The Sumitomo Forestry Group will continue to offer abundant lifestyles by providing high-value-added products and services while harnessing synergies in housing-related businesses.
Initiatives towards Growth
The number of new housing starts is likely to tend downward, alongside the declining population and number of households amid a falling birthrate and aging population. In addition, the business environment has become more challenging due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, new demand is emerging amid the “new normal” and values unique to mature markets. In the Housing and Construction Business, we are keen to diversify the contract work business and expand the existing homes business while keeping an eye on changes in the future.
In the Custom-Built Detached Housing Business, Sumitomo Forestry builds highly satisfactory homes for customers by proposing layouts with home office spaces and interior wood materials that only Sumitomo Forestry can offer, in addition to providing living environments that are comfortable yet strong against natural disasters, while
Progress in Fiscal 2019
In the custom-built detached housing business, we continued to bolster efforts to offer highly customized proposals to first- time buyers looking for land. We also focused on expanding orders for ZEH (net zero-energy house) specification housing. In our apartment business, we launched the Forest Maison CARRÉ apartment series featuring buildings with enhanced design and highly durable exterior materials such as roofs and outer walls.
In the renovation business, we worked to promote earthquake resistance renovations leveraging our advanced technical expertise rooted in the Group’s original seismic- resistance and seismic-vibration damper construction methods. In the spec homes business, we concentrated on expanding business in the three major metropolitan areas of Tokyo, Osaka, and Nagoya. As a result, both procurement
DATA
Number of Employees
Japan 8,853
promoting net zero-energy houses (ZEH). Furthermore,
to address serious labor shortages, we are accelerating initiatives to strengthen and streamline productivity and cut costs by reducing the number of processes with pre-cast foundations, pre-cut parts and materials, and panels.
In the existing homes business, we are building and strengthening a framework for leveraging Group-wide management resources in each business to their fullest, including renovation, real estate distribution and real estate management, in order to meet the various requests and needs of customers for selling existing housing, rebuilding housing and renovation.
Sumitomo Forestry will establish a diverse earnings base through initiatives to expand the Apartment Business and spec homes business, while promoting the use of wood in non-residential building construction fields.
and sales trends were robust.
In our MOCCA (Timber Solutions) business, we
continued to encourage the use of wood in non-residential buildings, including by completing construction of a day care center as well as a mixed-use building with office and retail space.
In May 2019, we forged a business agreement with Marui Group Co., Ltd. to comprehensively collaborate in the housing and construction business fields and invest in its subsidiary AIM CREATE Co., Ltd. By utilizing AIM CREATE Co., Ltd.’s know-how in the planning, interior design
and construction of commercial facilities to enhance our ability to propose ideas for the interior renovation of non- residential properties, we aim to further bolster our business performance.
    Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
466.3 449.2 452.8 474.0
Recurring Income 32.3 (Billions of yen)
          (Years ended 17 18 19 March 31)
20*
(Years ended March 31)
17
24.9 21.6 22.6 18 19 20*
 24 Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 25
*Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Sumitomo Forestry adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29). For transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, instead of the total amount, revenue is now recognized in the net amount.
  Business Outline Custom-Built Detached Housing Business
Incorporation of solar power
Landscaping Business Forest Maison CARRÉ apartments
Apartment Business Residential Property Development (Spec Homes Business) Business
An example of spec homes
 An example of environmental landscaping
(Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Surugadai Building (ECOM Surugadai)) Renovation of a traditional Japanese-style house (more than 195-year-old building)
Existing Homes Business
MOCCA (Timber Solutions) Business
●ZEH (net zero-energy house)
ZEH denotes housing that combines high thermal insulation
Next-generation thermal insulation specification
Solar power generation systems
High-efficiency water heater (ENE-FARM, ECO OME ECO CUTE, etc.)
HEMS (Home Energy Management System)
High-efficiency air conditioners
Annual energy consumption
   performance and energy-saving equipment with energy-
generating equipment such as solar power systems to achieve
annual primary net energy consumption of zero or less. We have
long provided homes that are comfortable to live in throughout
the year by using wood, which is a renewable natural resource
that absorbs and stores CO2 during its growth process, as a primary structural material, and by incorporating our Ryouonbou natural heating and cooling design concept, which takes advantage of natural blessings like wind and sunlight. Along with our expertise in utilizing those unique properties of trees and nature’s bounties, we
are employing techniques to reduce energy consumption such as enhancing insulating performance and introducing energy-saving equipment as well as technology
that facilities smart energy use such as equipment that creates and stores energy and HEMS* to enhance energy efficiency in the home. In doing so, we aim to reduce household CO2 emissions.
Ryouonbou
Sumitomo Forestry Home Houses
High-efficiency lighting
0 (zero)
   * HEMS stands for Home Energy Management System. It is a system that manages energy in the home, and visualizes the amount of electricity generated and consumed.
 Start of Sumirin Denki Electricity Service for Post-FIT Owners
In November 2019, the Group began offering services as an agent for the purchase of surplus electricity from home solar power generation as well as for electricity supply for Sumitomo Forestry Home House owners whose 10-year purchase period under the renewable energy feed-in-tariff (FIT) scheme has ended (“post-FIT”). Dubbed Sumirin Denki, this service is increasing customer satisfaction while helping us to achieve our Science Based Targets (SBT) for 2030 by effectively utilizing our offices, model homes, and other locations.
Topics
Please see page 51 for more details about SBT.
  Elementary school (Higashimatsushima City, Miyagi Prefecture)
    Reducing Burden of Housing on Global Environment
harnessing the wealth of ideas and know-how that we have built up to date to make our customers’ dream homes a reality. In doing so, we focus on providing housing meeting the requests of an array of customers,
from first-time home buyers looking
to acquire the first place of their own to double-income households and married couples that are done raising their children and seeking a residence for themselves. With telecommuting on the rise due to the spread of COVID- 19, we are also making proposals for floor plans that secure space for work. Using the Internet of Things (IoT), we are developing a new service that seeks to provide rapid support to customers who have been caught up in natural disasters. In the future, this service could be applied to areas such as the smart city concept. By making housing with new value-added features more widely available in society, we will contribute to the reliability and safety of as many customers as possible.
Beautiful townscapes in harmony with nature
In the apartment business, the Group provides apartments with an appeal that only it can offer by fully utilizing
its expertise in wood, including its original construction methods that leverage its technological capabilities and specifications from the viewpoint of residents. For residential property development, the Group's spec homes operations construct quality detached houses based on the technology and knowledge accumulated in the Group’s businesses, such as the Custom-Built Detached Housing Business and the Landscaping Business. Features of these homes are that they respect regional histories, environments, and cultures, and that they are built as townscapes in harmony with nature.
In addition to the design codes of buildings that consider all aspects of housing, from location selection through to space designs, our aim is to create townscapes with a sense of unity between the homes and nature.
Home renovation with value to “sustain and utilize”
As Japan’s housing stock has risen to around 62 million homes while the number of households is roughly 54 million, the Japanese government is promoting policies
to make use of established housing and ensure the “formation of housing stock of good quality.” The Group is developing home renovation technologies to improve disaster prevention and mitigation performance, such as by enhancing seismic-reinforcement construction methods. We also conduct businesses including, resales of renovated properties, real estate brokerage, and real estate rental and management with the aim of contributing to society as an eco-friendly business toward facilitating the effective utilization of housing stock as properly evaluated, high- quality assets.
Support for charming environments
surrounded by nature
The landscaping business encompasses all aspects of “greenery,” from general housing to urban spaces and the creation of communities with an emphasis on biodiversity. In residential exterior landscaping, we offer a range of services from planning and design to the installation and maintenance of exterior and outdoor greenery in order
to enhance the value of the residence. In environmental landscaping, we can provide total support for the design, construction and maintenance of parks or office buildings and other urban spaces. We also offer landscaping consulting services for a variety of facilities, including factories and research centers.
Promoting wooden construction methods and the use of wood for medium- to large- sized buildings in non-residential fields
Interest is growing in wooden construction non-residential buildings in consideration of aspects like responding to climate change and being considerate to the environment. Using the expertise in wood that we have accumulated in various businesses, as well as our technological and design capabilities in the Housing and Construction Business, we are concentrating our efforts on expanding the MOCCA (Timber Solutions) business, which promotes wooden construction methods and the use of wood in low-rise, non- residential wooden buildings, such a children’s facilities, welfare facilities and lodging facilities. Going forward, with this business, we will continue to hand down the culture of wood while seeking to reinvigorate Japan’s forestry industry and contribute to the realization of a sustainable society where the economy is in harmony with the environment.
We construct most of our houses using either the Big-Frame (BF) construction method that uses a wooden-beam Rahmen structure or the Multi-Balance (MB) construction method, an evolved iteration of the wooden post-and-beam construction. Both approaches enable us to satisfy a variety of customer needs by allowing flexible floor plan design.
In addition, there has been a strong need for long-lasting, high-quality homes that reflect full consideration of factors such as safety, durability,
and environmental impact. In this environment, we have been promoting the widespread adoption of homes specified as ZEH (net zero-energy house) that reduce the annual energy consumption of each household.
We supply living environments that
are resilient to natural disasters and comfortable year-round.
People are thinking about housing in many more different ways than before as a result of changes
in their values and lifestyles. We are
  26
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 27