  Environment and Resources Segment
Environment and Resources Business
Business Outline           Planting trees, growing forests, and utilizing them as resources. Realizing the effective use of resources and local production- consumption for energy.
Based on a “sustainable forestry” approach of planting, growing, logging, and utilizing trees, and then replanting trees, Sumitomo Forestry owns a total of approximately 48 thousand
ha of forest in Japan (approximately 1/800th of the country’s land area), for which we are conducting planned forestry management, including acquiring forestry certification from the Sustainable Green Ecosystem Council (SGEC). Overseas, we own and manage approximately 231 thousand ha in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and New Zealand, including forests
that have acquired third-party certification such as FSC®, while we are also contributing to preserving biodiversity and developing local communities. In addition, in the Renewable Energy Business, which effectively utilizes wood and other resources, we are mainly conducting a wood biomass power generation business in Japan.
Initiatives towards Growth
Currently in Japan, forests planted after WWII have
matured and reached their harvesting period, and reforms are being progressed to turn the forestry industry into a growth industry by promoting the use of wood. Securing reliable supplies of the seedlings needed for reforestation
is becoming an integral issue due to the expectation that
the use of domestic timber is promoted in tandem with advancing clear-cut logging. In the Group’s domestic
forestry business, we are aiming to improve productivity by introducing advanced forestry machinery, while at the same time, we are establishing and strengthening the seedling production system and working to realize sustainable forestry
Progress in Fiscal 2019
In the domestic forestry business, we are working to improve the efficiency of forestry management, while in January 2020, we established a seeding center in Minamiaizu, Fukushima Prefecture, our sixth such center nationwide. We also concluded partnership agreements in the forestry and wood industry fields with Nagato, Yamaguchi Prefecture in September 2019 and Nagano Prefecture in December of the same year. In such ways, we are working to progress the forest asset management business for municipalities. In the
management that is competitive internationally.
In the overseas forestation business, it is anticipated
that the amount of natural wood supplied will be further reduced by global deforestation and the strengthening
of logging restrictions in natural forests. In this situation,
we will continue to grow stably and over the long term by supplying sustainable high-quality wood from the forests we have planted, while also looking to expand the forest area.
We are also focusing even more on the Renewable Energy Business, which is attracting attention as a way to solve environmental problems, and we are accelerating the effective use of sustainable resources.
overseas forestation business, in our New Zealand forest
we are advancing operations to keep down to the greatest possible extent the loss due to the forest fire that occurred in February 2019 and its impact on the future, while we
also continue to cooperate with the government and local residents to enhance fire-prevention and fire-fighting structures. In the Renewable Energy Business, we have worked to secure the stable operations of the wood biomass power generation business.
  Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Environment and Resources Division
Akira Sekimoto
DATA
Number of Employees
Japan 113
(FSC® license code: FSC-C113957)
 32
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 33
Overseas 176
19 20*
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
19.5 19.3
Recurring Income 4.0
(Billions of yen) 3.6
      289
  19 20 *
*From FY3/20, the Environment and Resources Business was transferred from the “Other” segment.
(Years ended March 31)
(Years ended March 31)
Sumitomo Forestry Group plantation forest (Indonesia)
 ● Company-Managed and Owned Forests (As of March 31, 2020)
 Hokkaido Approx.18thousand ha
9% 22%
Kyushu Approx.9thousand ha
7% 19% 74%
15% 23%
Indonesia Approx. 164thousand ha
Papua New Guinea Approx. 31thousand ha
New Zealand Approx. 36thousand ha
    69%
5% 61%
62%
34% Honshu
 Approx.6thousand haOverseasApprox. 231thousand haJapanApprox. 48thousand haShikoku Approx.15thousand ha
Plantation forest Natural forest Other
  Business Outline  Domestic Forestry Business
Commitment to “sustainable forestry” connecting trees and forests to people
Renewable Energy Business
Utilizing construction waste and forestland unused timber as an energy resource
The Group steadily promotes greater efficiency in forest management by deploying high-performance forestry machinery, such as the lumber-gathering tower yarder that facilities safer and more efficient operations in steep forests and harvester that combines
the functions of felling, collecting, and lumbering trees in a single machine. It also pursues development of the latest technologies as seen in developments of a forestry assistance suit that reduces work burden and seedling transport drones and test forestation with fast- growing tree species. The Group
has seedling cultivation centers in six locations nationwide as a production infrastructure for cedar, larch, and other seedlings. The centers seek optimization of cultivating conditions and facilitate production throughout the year with production technology that uses a
greenhouse.
The Domestic Forestry Business
is a foundation of our business that constitutes the roots of the Sumitomo Forestry Group. Using the expertise
and experience we have developed from managing the forests we own,
we are working to help revitalize local economies and the domestic forestry sector along with promoting sustainable business in the future. Initiatives include efforts to develop forest-based asset management businesses for the public and private sector.
Wood Chips for Fuel
The wood biomass power generation business, which uses chips made from construction waste, forestland unused timber*, and other materials as fuel, possesses an operational advantage
of stable access to fuel leveraging the Group’s procurement sources cultivated in the timber and building materials business and has important social significance through effective utilization of timber, curtailment of CO2 emissions, and contributions to advances in forestry
such as fostering forest environments in regional areas. The Group is promoting renewable energy business suited to local characteristics and conditions by harnessing know-how, networks, and other management resources as well
as experience in the wood biomass power generation business and aims to build operations with 300 MW of power generation (confirmed project basis), mainly in wood biomass power generation.          34
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 35
Timberland in New Zealand
Reducing environmental burden and creating sustainable forests
Companies, etc.
Forestry assistance suit that reduces muscle load
Development of drones to improve the efficiency of seedling transport
* Refers to thinned wood and felled timber left in forests without being used because of curving or small diameter. This wood harms the forest environment when it is abandoned and causes disruptions to forest management and forestation efforts.
  Carbon neutral mechanism
Wood biomass power generation is premised on a “carbon neutral” concept of not resulting
in changes in CO2 levels. Since CO2 emitted by combustion of the wood is the CO2 in air that is absorbed by trees through photosynthesis during the growth process, the power generation does not increase CO2 in the atmosphere during the tree’s lifecycle. This concept of a carbon cycle is known as carbon neutral and curtails increase in CO2 concentration in the atmosphere.Larch seedlings
Overseas Forestation Business
Main flow of wood biomass power generation
 Forestland unused timber, construction waste, and other wood materials
Production of wood chips
Supply of wood chips for fuel
Biomass power generation
Electricity
Electric power company
Electricity Radiata pine trees planted in New Zealand grow quickly and provide stable supply. With its homogeneity and broad usability, this tree species has price competitiveness. Furthermore, the Group has built an integrated supply chain by utilizing trees obtained from these forests as raw material
in production of medium-density fiberboard (MDF) and laminated veneer lumber (LVL) in the country. The supply chain carries out sustainable forest management and industrial material production in harmony with the local society and environment.
In Indonesia, the Group has operated a large-scale forestation business in West Kalimantan since 2010 and gained recognition for its initiative to manage peatland in a way that maintains the business while curtailing
greenhouse gas emissions as “innovative high-quality peatland management.” It has also obtained favorable assessment each year for COP presentations for three consecutive years since COP23 in 2017 at the request of the Indonesian government.
In Papua New Guinea, the Group manages forests and operates clinics and markets for local areas that lack sufficient social infrastructure, thereby contributing to improvements in health and living conditions of local people.