  Other Segment
Lifestyle Services Business
Business Outline      Care manager 
● Sumirin Fill Care
Number of private-pay elderly care facilities operated 16 facilities
(As of end of July 2020)
Sumirin Fill Care Co., Ltd. operates 16 private-pay elderly care facilities, mainly in the Greater Tokyo area, under the themes of “the warmth of people and wood” and “elderly care services adopted for changing times.” With the introduction of advanced systems that use ICT and the guidance
of specialists in that field, the company is actively undertaking initiatives that use the latest technology for elderly care, such as launching the original service “Forest Life” which maintains and improves the living environment and health status of facility users.
  ● Sumirin Care Life
Gran Forest Gakugeidaigaku
  Elegano Nishinomiya
Number of private-pay elderly care facilities operated 3 facilities
Number of elderly residents that combines living support services 1 facility (As of end of July 2020)
The Group provides living assistance services that address changes in life stages from people capable of living autonomous healthy lives to those who require high-level medical assistance and operates three large-scale paid nursing homes that offer robust support capabilities through collaboration with medical entities and extensive staffing as well as seven stations that provide home care services.
In May 2020, it opened Elegano Nishinomiya (Hyogo Prefecture), the largest serviced senior housing facility in Japan with 309 rooms.Initiatives towards Growth
In elderly case business, the Group continuously pursues “good people, good facilities, and good services” with the aim of maintaining and improving the sociability and health capabilities of customers and lightening care burden on families and strives to raises the occupancy rate and stabilize business operations. It intends to contribute to realization of a society in which people are able to enjoy vibrant healthy lives by supporting the lives of service users and their families and delivering advanced, high-quality service through collaboration with local society.
Besides elderly care business, the Group is participating in the VISON lodging business being developed in Taki (Mie Prefecture) as a new business. This is a project jointly promoted by industry, government, and academia with goals of industrial promotion and job creation utilizing local resources and key words of food, nature, and health. The Group intends to expand business opportunities
and contribute to local revitalization by strengthening collaboration with other participant companies and government.
  Managing Executive Officer
Divisional Manager of Lifestyle Service Division
Kunihiko Takagiri
Supporting an even more fulfilling life for seniors with rich experience through the warmth of people and wood
In lifestyle services business, the Group handles business in downstream areas that support people’s lives and offers a wide range of living-related services, particularly elderly care business.
The aging rate in Japan has continued moving upward, even after it became an ultra- aged society in 2010, and reached 28.1%* in October 2018. Forecasts indicate that it will be above 30% in 2025. Response to the super-aged society, which is rapidly advancing, is one of the most important social issues for Japan.
To address these issues, the Group delivers a variety of services that utilize our know- how in creation of comfortable living spaces cultivated over many years in our housing business, mainly in provision of a reliable and safe living environment for seniors, with the aim of enabling seniors to live vibrant lives without fear, and strives to enhance the quality and quantity of such services.
The Group focuses on creation of new services that contribute to rich lives by operating elderly care facilities and day services that are rooted in local communities.
*2019 Annual Report on the Aging Society
DATA(Other Segment) Number of Employees
Japan 1,127
  Net Sales 37.0 (Billions of yen)
23.0
(Years ended 17 18 March 31)
Recurring Income 4.9 (Billions of yen)
      22.3 23.4
19 20*
2.2
0.1
1.5
    36 Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020 37
* Starting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Sumitomo Forestry adopted the “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No.
29). For transactions where the Company’s role in providing the product to the customer is fulfilled by an agent, instead of the total amount, revenue is now recognized in the net amount.
We also separated the Environment and Resources Business as an independent category from the Other segment in FY3/20. Net sales and recurring profit for FY3/18 and prior years are results based on the category prior to this change.
The Other segment covers elderly care business, insurance agency business related to homes, and various other service businesses. Recurring profit includes equipment-method investment income from Kumagai Gumi Co., Ltd.
(Years ended 17 March 31)
18 19 20*
 
  Column
 Using the new research building at the Tsukuba Research Institute for W350 Plan research
  Research and Development (R&D)
Promoting the W350 Plan to Changing Cities into Forests
The Group completed construction of a new research building that utilizes many advanced technologies that enhance the value of wood in October 2019 with the aim of strengthening and accelerating R&D. The beams,pillars, and walls use arawashi*1 exposed timber that has received Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) certification based on the full building evacuation safety verification method*2 and designed using the semi- fireproofing technique. It also deploys various energy-saving technologies and renewable energy facilities to realize
a zero-energy building (ZEB). Key points are significant reduction in CO2 emissions by utilizing roof solar panels and absorption water chiller-heaters fired using wood
Collaboration with Kumagai Gumi
Aiming to create new markets with innovation
The Group has been promoting collaboration with Kumagai Gumi through eight working groups in five areas since the business and capital alliance started in November 2017.
We are undertaking full-fledged initiatives. For instance, K&E (Kumagai Gumi Group) and Sumitomo Forestry Home Tech are engaged in joint pursuit of non-residential renewal and reform business, and we have launched a joint team for design and construction of mid- to large-sized wooden buildings. In greenery and civil projects, the alliance is steadily accumulating results in environmental real estate that utilize Kumagai Gumi’s construction technology and Sumitmo Forestry Landscaping's environmental landscaping know-how.
In overseas business, the two Groups established a joint venture in Singapore in January 2020 to jointly develop
pellets, validation tests for greenery technology in the roof, balconies, and exterior walls of medium- and large- scale wooden architectural structures, and assessment of a design that contributes to enhancement of intellectual productivity within office spaces.
The building accommodates up to 140 people as an office building and has been highly rated as a research center with a qualities of wood, including receipt of the 33rd Nikkei New Office Award.
*1 This method certifies safety performance for safe evacuation of all people in a building to the ground level in a pre-determined fire scenario.
*2 This design method decides the cross-section measurements of materials by factoring in the portion of wood burned in a pre-determined fire scenario.
*3 This method exposes pillars, beams, and other structural materials in a wood building.
    Structural characteristics
Wall pillars use a post-tension structure*4 that arranges thick laminated veneer lumber (LVL) in the vertical direction with a checkered pattern and has steel rods in the center. This achieves a space with the warmth of lumber.
*4 This technology enhances fixation among materials by applying tensile force to high- strength steel rods and wire ropes integrated with materials.
Fireproof verification
This is the first wood building in Japan to obtain Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) certification based on the full building evacuation safety verification method. It relaxed interior restrictions to show the wood structure of pillars and beams.
Environmental features
The building’s louver brings sunlight into the first floor’s inner courtyard in all four seasons, and natural draft provides effective ventilation using updraft in the stairwell.
Landscaping plan
The roof, balconies, and exterior walls have greenery layouts that fit the wood building. This site should contribute to R&D on greenery technologies for medium- and large- scale wooden architectural structures.
      In order to enhance the potential of trees and their added value, it will be absolutely essential to continuously develop technologies. The Tsukuba Research Institute will serve
as the driving force behind this effort. Ever since it was established in 1991, the Tsukuba Research Institute has supported the foundations of the Sumitomo Forestry Group. At present, it conducts two main types of R&D activities: (1) Corporate R&D, which seeks to create future technologies over the long term, and (2) Business-related R&D, which aims to boost earnings over the short and medium terms. The Tsukuba Research Institute is pushing ahead with these R&D activities through the seven groups listed to the right.
Materials Group
Breaking new ground for wood materials
Resources Group
Transforming the world by creating new value through forestry resources
Architecture & Housing Group Shaping the future of wood construction
Housing Technology and Product Development Center Overseeing short- and medium-term development related to housing technology
Administration Group Supports the research base
 Wood Innovation Group Increasing the value
of living spaces
Deciding and implementing R&D policy and strategy, and guiding toward the future vision
W350 Plan
Planning Group
Tsukuba Research Institute
Exterior view of the new laboratory wing of the Tsukuba Research Institute
    The W350 Plan is the Research Technology Development Concept to be completed by 2041, which will mark the 350th year since the Company’s founding. The plan includes construction of a wooden high-rise building and is intended to realize an “Environmentally friendly and timber utilizing cities”. We strive to bring about innovation that encourages a sustainable cycle for timber-utilization and forestry management, and realize a vision for Environmentally friendly and timber utilizing cities where people, trees and diverse plant and animal life can coexist with the planet.
The potential of trees is expected to provide important solutions to a host of issues we face. These issues range from the global environment to urban environments, living environments, and the mental and physical wellbeing of every individual. The Tsukuba Research Institute has produced various research achievements.
The Group, through its business activities, will return the benefits derived from these R&D achievements to individuals and society as a whole. By doing so, the Group will contribute to the realization of a sustainable and prosperous society.
real estate in Asia. The first collaborative overseas project
is development of a high-rise condominium building and commercial and mixed use complexes with a local company in Jakarta (Indonesia).
The two Groups intend to continue their efforts to create new markets with innovation that transcends their existing frameworks through collaboration.
   Overseas construction and development
Forest conservation
Large-sized wooden buildings
Research and development
Existing home renovation
 Greening/ civil engineering
Renewable energy
    Material distribution 38
Sumitomo Forestry Integrated Report 2020
Sumitomo Forestry
Integrated Report 2020 39