  Tennoz Parkside Building
5-8, Higashi-Shinagawa 2-chome, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 140-0002, Japan
Inquiries
Corporate Communications Department Corporate General Affairs Division
TEL: +81-3-5462-4111
URL: https://www.sumibe.co.jp/english/
Integrated Report 2021
      The cover illustration depicts an image of the "Ikoi no Mori" (comfort forest), biotope of the Shizuoka Plant. In Ikoi no Mori, flowers and trees change with the turning of the seasons, and waterfowls such as kingfishers visit. It is a place where quiet and motion coexist, and healing scenery can be enjoyed.
Printed on paper made with wood from forest thinning. “Morino Chonai-Kai” (Forest Neighborhood Association)---- Supporting sound forest management.
     Published: October 2021
SUMITOMO BAKELITE CO.,LTD. Integrated Report 2021
  Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
contribute to realizing a sustainable society
by expanding the possibilities of plastic.
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. is committed to offering life-enhancing products through high performance manufacturing.
Business Philosophy (Company Policy)
The “Business Philosophy” for the Group of Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. is as follows:
● Business Philosophy (Company Policy)
Our Company places prime importance on trust and sureness, and shall commit itself to contributing to
the progress of society and enhancement of people’s welfare and livelihood through its business activities.
For more information, visit https://www.sumibe.co.jp/english/company/philosophy/index.html
Our Code of Conduct (Code of Ethics)
● Our Code of Conduct
1. We provide products and services designed from the viewpoints of social benefit as well as customer satisfaction on which we place highest priority.
2. We endeavor to improve business performance of the Group of Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. from a global perspective.
3. We observe corporate ethics, abide by all applicable laws and regulations as well as our internal rules, and, above all, value
fairness and transparency in our business activities.
4. We place importance on safety, and voluntarily take actions for environmental protection.
5. We honor and respect each individual’s personality and rights, and make efforts to create amicable and lively workplaces.
Our Vision
● Vision
We aim to become “a company that makes your dreams for the future a reality” by expanding the
possibilities of plastic and creating value for our clients.
Sumitomo’s Business Philosophy and Business Philosophy of our Company Group (Company Policy)
CONTENTS
004 Concept Story
006 Top Message
010 Value Creation
012 Interview with the President
016 Special Feature on SDGs
020 Outline of Medium-term Business Plan
022 Message from Finance and Accounting Officer
024 Financial and Non-financial Highlights
026 Business Risks
Editorial Policy
Starting from last fiscal year, we have reorganized the Integrated Reports and CSR Reports we had been is suing up until then, and now issue only an Integrated Report that serves as a tool for conveying our business strategy and ESG management in a cohesive manner. This will report on our policies, initiatives, data, and more, related to our Company’s value creation, mid-term business targets, the performance and strategies of each of our business divisions, and sustainability.
For the editing of this report, discussions were held within the divisions in charge of preparing this report over the policy for its creation and content to be included in the 2021 edition. The editorial policy for the report was approved at a meetingof the Sustainability Promotion Committee in March 2021. This report was organized by referring to and/or conforming with various guidelines to ensure it could be easily read and understood by all stakeholders. In addition, we prepared:
(1) A “Full Online Version” (No. of pages: 112) disclosing information in accordance with guidelines, and containing the details of our approaches to each activity, target, and result.
(2) An “Abridged Print Version” (No. of pages: 60), which is easy to read and focuses on our actively-reports and messages that we want stakeholders to know about.
It also has been written in a simple, concise manner that is easy to understand by all.
028 Business Overview by Segment
028 Semiconductor Materials 030 High-performance Plastics 032 Quality of Life Products 034 R&D / Intellectual Property
036 ESG Initiatives
036 Promoting Business That Helps Solve Social IssuesRelations with Stakeholders
Promoting Business That Helps Solve Social Issues
038 Sustainability Promotion Structure
040 Highlights of Fiscal 2020 Sustainability Activities
042 Environment 046 Social
050 Governance
Data
056 Corporate Data 058 Financial Data
● Period
In principle, the report covers fiscal 2020 (April 2020 through to March 2021). Cases in which the coverage is different from this period are listed separately.
● Published
October 2021 (The Fiscal 2020 Report was published in October 2020 and the Fiscal 2022 Report will be published in October 2022)
● Boundary
(The names of the companies are generally stated in simplified forms by omitting “Co., Ltd.” and “Inc.,” etc.)
In principle, this report covers Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Regarding environmental and occupational health and safety, the coverage is limited to the following business sites, which are mostly production sites.
【Japan】
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Head Office and marketing offices etc.,*1 Amagasaki Plant, Kanuma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Shizuoka Plant, Kobe Facility Office, Akita Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd., S.B. Techno Plastics Co., Ltd., Hokkai Taiyo Plastic Co., Ltd., Yamaroku Kasei Industry Co., Ltd., Kyushu Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd., S.B. Sheet Waterproof Systems Co., Ltd., Tsutsunaka Kosan Co., Ltd., S.B. Research Co., Ltd. (Osaka Center), Seibu Jushi Co., Ltd., Softec Co., Ltd.*1, SB Bioscience Co., Ltd.
【Overseas】
Sumitomo Bakelite Singapore Pte. Ltd., SumiDurez Singapore Pte. Ltd., SNC Industrial Laminates Sdn. Bhd., P.T. Indopherin Jaya, P.T. SBP Indonesia, Sumitomo Bakelite (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., Sumitomo Bakelite (Dongguan) Co., Ltd., Sumitomo Bakelite (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Sumitomo Bakelite Macau Co., Ltd., Sumitomo Bakelite (Nantong) Co., Ltd., Sumitomo Bakelite (Taiwan) Co., Ltd., Vaupell China (Dongguan) Co., Ltd., Durez Corporation, Durez Canada Co., Ltd., Sumitomo Bakelite North America, Inc., Promerus, LLC, Sumitomo Bakelite Europe NV, Sumitomo Bakelite Europe (Barcelona) S.L.U., Vyncolit NV, Vaupell Industrial Plastics, Inc., Vaupell Molding & Tooling, Inc., Russell Plastics Technology Company, Inc.
*1 These business sites and companies are included in the compilation of energy consumption and CO2 emissions data.
Note: The environmental and labor safety data for Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc., will be within scope from FY2021 onward.
Note: In this report, the names of Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. and its Group companies may be stated in simplified forms by omitting “Co., Ltd.” and “Inc.,” etc. Quantitative data presented in this report are rounded, in principle. Therefore, in certain cases, the sum of breakdowns may not equal the total.
         We have inherited Sumitomo’s Business Philosophy, passed down by the Sumitomo family, which has supported the Sumitomo Group for four centuries. The origins of this philosophy are found in the Monjuin Shiigaki (the Founder’s Precepts), a document written by Sumitomo family founder Masatomo Sumitomo. Approximately 400 years ago, Sumitomo (Monjuin) wrote to his family about business wisdom, urging at the beginning, “Strive with all your heart, not only in business, but in all situations.”
For more information, visit https://www.sumitomo.gr.jp/english/
The rigorous efforts and honesty demanded by the Monjuin Shiigaki as well as other personal character- building precepts continue to form the foundation of the Sumitomo Group’s Business Philosophy and make up the basis of our fundamental policy.
 Monjuin Shiigaki
● Guidelines referenced
・In compiling the report, we referred to the International Integrated
Reporting Framework published by the International Integrated Reporting
Council (IIRC).
・The “Full Online Version” follows the “core” option of the Global
Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines / Standards.
   Disclaimer
This report includes not only past or present facts, but also our forecasts, estimates, and plans for the future. These assumptions and judgements are based on currently available information and may be affected by various factors such as future changes in the business environment.
 002 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 003

 Concept Story
   In the functional chemical sector,
Aiming to realize a sustainable society
by creating value in keeping with the SDGs
    As a pioneer in plastics, we create innovative products and technologies.
“Our Company places prime importance on trust and sureness, and shall commit itself to contributing to the progress of society and enhancement of people’s welfare and livelihood through its business activities.”
This is our Business Philosophy (Company Policy), deeply in keeping with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), under which we advance our business operations.
Today, the world joins in taking specific action toward solutions for a wide range of problems, from environmental issues to human rights, human health and lifestyles. Our Company, which aims to achieve top share in niche markets in the functional chemicals field, looks carefully to discover what we can change, and where we can make a contribution as we accelerate our initiatives toward the SDGs and contribute to realizing a sustainable society.
004 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 005
Steadfast
Management
Trust and
Confidence
By creating innovative plastics, we contribute to the development of society and the people's livelihood.
Contribution to society
 Vision
“A company that makes your dreams for the future a reality”
We take steadfast steps in   We value trust and confidence of all
managing our Group without pursuing speculative profit.
concerned and endeavor to meet all the expectations given to us.
 u
l
a
V
g
n
i
t
a
e
e
w
r
i
t
h
S
C
D
G
s

 Top Message
  We continue to create plastics that can contribute to the development of society and people's livelihood, and provide dreams for the future.
I would like to open by expressing my heartfelt sympathies to all those who have suffered from infections of COVID-19, and to everyone impacted by the spread of the viral infection. At our Group, we have been taking a variety of steps in response, including our own infection prevention measures, as well as providing products and services by which we can help prevent infections through our business operations.
More than 100 years have passed since plastics production began in Japan.
During that time, many different types of plastic products have been invented or developed, and they have been continually developed and advanced as an essential materials across a wide variety of uses, including everyday items, transport equipment, medical equipment, semiconductors and the aerospace industry. As a pioneer in plastics, we have pursued the potential of plastics amid rapid social changes, expanding our business on a global scale.
We consider it our mission to create plastics with more advanced functionality, and to focus on the concept of “Customer Satisfaction (CS) First” to contribute to the development of society and the standard of living through building customer value.
 ■Business performance in fiscal 2020
During fiscal 2020, the impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections resulted in major declines in sales, primarily related to automobile and aircraft interior parts applications. In terms of sales, despite these circumstances, sales of semiconductor materials increased, in addition to consolidation of Kawasumi Laboratories resulting in an increase in revenue for fiscal 2020 of 1.2% over fiscal 2019
to ¥209.0 billion. In terms of profit, demand of semiconductor materials grew active, while the automotive market recovered during the second half, in addition to which our Group made progress in reducing fixed costs from the beginning of fiscal 2020. The result was a 16.0% increase in business profit from fiscal 2019 to ¥16.6 billion.
● Performance Highlights
    Revenue
Business profit
Operating profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
ROE
Fiscal 2019
¥ 206.6 billion
¥14.3 billion
¥ 10.3 billion
5.0%
Fiscal 2020 ¥ 209.0 billion
¥ 16.6 billion ¥ 19.9 billion
7.0%
Increase/Decrease 1.2%
16.0% 93.6%
46.9%
ー
                                      ¥ 9.0 billion
           ¥13.2 billion
              ■New Medium-term Business Plan
 006
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 007
President and Representative Director
Kazuhiko Fujiwara
In addition to pursuing SDGs including carbon neutrality as key measures toward realizing our Vision and Basic Policy, we will also promote digital transformation (DX) and evolve our organizational culture.
To begin with, in our efforts on the SDGs we have specified priority SDG areas based on our Group’s business fields and strengths. To our existing priority areas we have added SDG 13 "CLIMATE CHANGE", in consideration of the recent international movement toward carbon neutrality and green-growth policies. We are accelerating our efforts to contribute to priority SDG areas by setting new long-term targets for the ratio of our revenue attributable to SDG-contributing products. We also expressed our support in February 2021 for the TCFD Recommendations as a concrete measure with respect to climate change. One of our intention is that we need to make greater efforts than ever before with respect to climate change, and heightened internal momentum by expressing our proactive stance on initiatives for climate change internally and externally. Ahead of this, we addressed
the increasing severity of environmental problems by advancing activities from a long-term perspective through the formulation of "Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero)*1" in March 2020. We intend to formulate specific action plans and build frameworks to achieve this vision for carbon neutrality by 2050. Regarding DX, we will continue to move forward with ongoing initiatives on the research front with materials informatics*2, as well as IoT/AI autopilot in the production field, and robotic process automation (RPA) utilization in day-to-day work tasks. Future efforts will include the deployment of DX in sales and marketing, and in the fostering of human resources development and a corporate culture that encourages progress with DX. While responding to the digital shift in society and changes in industrial structure, we will move ahead with management with an awareness of DX, and by building new business models, create competitive new products and services.
Toward evolving our organizational culture, we will further promote our cross-organizational One
Basic Medium- term Policy
Aiming at “Top shares in niche markets” in the functional chemical sector as well as expanding our business in keeping with the SDGs
The impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections forced reconsideration of the Medium-term Business Targets launched in fiscal 2019. Having subsequently moved ahead with the formulation of a new plan, we announced this three-year plan, which begins with fiscal 2021, on June 24.
In this plan, we have set that our vision is to aim to become “a company that makes your dreams for
the future a reality” by expanding the possibilities of plastic, and creating value for our clients. We will now continue to advance sustainable management that leads to the future as we link the accelerating changes in society and values caused by the spread of COVID-19 to growth opportunities under our Basic Policy and Basic Strategy which follow the targets of our previous Medium-term Business Targets.
■Key measures of the new Medium-term Business Plan
Top Message

Top Message
  Sumibe Activities, through which we continually scrutinize and adjust the value that we provide to customers in step with changes in society, and build co-creation relationships that enable us to create value together with business partners. In addition, we are advancing work-style reforms and promoting diversity to foster a culture in which each and every employee can be active and take on challenges. In order to improve the “human ability” of employees, we promote next-generation human resource development as a source of new value creation.
*1 See page 42 for details.
*2 Initiatives to efficiently search for new materials and substances through data
science technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) and Big Data.
Basic Strategy
Basic Strategies of new Medium-term Business Plan
01. Develop new products with competitive advantage, aiming at their prompt contribution
02. Strengthen profitability of existing products and expand new customers, applications and regions
03. Proactive strategic investment in growth areas (M&A, DX, etc.)
Our priority SDG areas
From “5+1” to “6+1” Goals
■ESG initiatives
The Sustainability Promotion Committee launched in 2019
is at the forefront of the progress we are making in ESG management among all departments and employees, with a central focus on the three core principles of environment (E), society (S) and governance (G).
Our environmental considerations include our formulation of "Environmental Vision 2050 (net zero)", which makes explicit the direction our activities will take. We are proactively pursuing the reduction of CO2 emissions through energy conservation activities, material flow cost accounting (MFCA) activities and improvements in process efficiency, while also increasing our ratio of renewable energy. In product development, we intend to contribute to CO2 reduction by considering such improvements as high efficiency, lightweight design, long-life, recycling and mono-material use.
We believe that we can contribute to progress toward SDGs by increasing the ratio of revenue from products that contribute to priority SDG areas. Since fiscal 2018, we have been setting and pursuing targets using the ratio of revenue from SDG-contributing products as an indicator. In fiscal 2020, our revenue from SDG-contributing products was ¥77.9 billion, for a 37.2% ratio of revenue.We were thus able to achieve our fiscal 2021 target of 30% one year early. Given these results, the Sustainability Promotion Committee on which I serve as Chairperson has decided to set a new goal of 50% or greater for our fiscal 2023 ratio of revenue from SDG-contributing products, and 70% or greater for fiscal 2030. These targets are somewhat stretched, but I intend for our whole Group to pull together in achieving them.
■To stakeholders
When I assumed office as the President in 2018, I declared that our vision is to aim to become “a company that makes your dreams for the future a reality” by expanding the possibilities of plastic, and creating value for our clients. This vision is born out in the innovation created by our competitive advantage, the fundamental technologies that we have built up over many years—in other words, the material technologies for resin formulation and design as well as monomer/polymer synthesis, process design technologies, and evaluation technologies. Further, as part of the chemical industry, it is vital that we fulfill our social responsibility and we will continue to support and implement our Responsible Care Global Charter. Through these efforts, we will both create business opportunities and help solve social issues, making our contribution to sustainable development for the world. Strengthening our ESG management foundation will further heighten
From the societal perspective, we will continue to engage in ongoing activities under the Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Production System (SBPS) in our manufacturing activities. Meanwhile, we are accelerating the digitalization of production undertaken in collaboration with NEC Corporation since last year, and moving forward we will work on implementing Smart Factory operations not just in Japan but worldwide. In order to make rational and meaningful progress in DX, we are holding internal workshops and are training our own data scientists for expertise in both IT and chemistry.
SB School, our internal educational institution, has now provided courses to a total of more than 270,000 students, contributing enormously to the human resources development of our Group. In relations with business partners, we are continuing with our preexisting policy of making customer satisfaction (CS) a top priority, as well as One Sumibe Activities based on that policy. As a result, we have made progress with the performance of products across departments as all employees engage in activities that are not bound by any given department.
We are moving to ensure diversity of work styles through work-style reforms such as working from home, expansion of eligibility for working from home and annual leaves based on hourly increments. Through active promotion of younger personnel and promotion of women’s career advancement, we are making progress with diverse, next- generation human resources development. We are also advancing personnel system reforms for members of management as part of our efforts to emphasize “human ability.” Regarding occupational health and safety, in 2019 we enacted our Safety Philosophy: Prioritizing Safety in Everything We Do and our Safety Action Guidelines, and have since implemented it Company-wide. We had no serious accidents in 2020, a year with fewer occupational accidents than any of the most recent years.
In the area of governance , we have changed to a system that ensures greater independence and diversity in our Board of Directors than in the previous year. In previous years, the Appointment and Remuneration Committee acted as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. We have since changed its status to a body that is commissioned by the Board of Directors to decide matters of compensation, now doing so independent of the Board. This system ensures its autonomy and transparency. The change is aimed at further improving our corporate governance.
our corporate value, as we continue to be a company that makes dreams a reality for all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your continued support.
  ● About TCFD
TCFD refers to the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, which was established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) in response to a G20 request, and is tasked with considering climate-related information disclosure and how financial institutions go about it.
  ■Impacts of and responses to the COVID-19 pandemic
In February 2020, we formed the COVID-19 Emergency Task Force, and continue to implement its countermeasures from time to time as appropriate. While taking thorough-going measures to prevent infection in the workplace, we are using such work arrangements as working from home and staggered working hours. Regarding our supply chain, there has been no major impact, due to prior application of our BCP response. Moreover, in order to keep our customers informed on the very latest supply system and conditions, we gather information and report immediately, while also asking customers about their operational status to ensure that our supply chain does not get backed up.
In the business surrounding our Group, because of expansion of telecommunication services including 5G in association with the spread of remote work, there has been a major increase in demand for semiconductor materials. We are therefore working at a rapid pace to secure the supply capability it takes to respond. Moreover, since the spread of COVID-19 infections is expected to occasion major future medical- and bio- related growth, we converted Kawasumi Laboratories, with which we already had a capital and business alliance, into a wholly-owned subsidiary in October 2020. We also converted SB Bioscience, an in-vitro diagnostics business firm, into a wholly-owned subsidiary in March 2021, and have newly set up the Bio & Science Research Laboratory as we move ahead in building up our ability to respond with alacrity to market
needs.
Strengthening our management foundation to adapt to change will be essential to advancing sustainable management amid major changes in industry structure, lifestyles and society. I see the current situation as an opportunity to take a fresh look at the value we provide to our customers. In each business department, we will rethink what kind of value we are to provide, to whom, in what ways, and what we need to do to accomplish this.
  008 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 009
Top Message

Value Creation
Value &
  Value Creation
Our Company has always worked to expand the potential of plastics and create value,
helping solve the issues confronting society in every age.
We will continue to grow and evolve as the fields in which plastics are utilized expand in the future.
ourFuture Value Creation
 The value creation process
           Realization of Principles
Our Business Philosophy
(Company Policy) that inherits Sumitomo's Business Philosophy.
Realization of SDGs, which is ultimate potential needs, is consistent with our Business Philosophy (Company Policy)
Universal goals SDGs
Input
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. capital resources
Priority issues
Issues related to ensuring harmony with environment
・Environmental Impact mitigation ・Resource and energy conservation
Issues related to providing safety and peace of mind
Business activities/output
Medium-term Business Plan, "Top shares in niche markets", Priority SDG areas (“6+1” goals)
Our aspiration to be
a company that makes your dreams for the future a reality
Outcome
Creating business opportunity Financial results (fiscal 2020)
 ● ●
● ●
●
●
Financial capital Sound financial foundation
Manufacturing capital
Ratio of equity
attributable to owners of parent
57.9% Capital
● Revenue ¥209.0 billion
● Business profit to revenue ratio
8.0%
● Business profit ¥16.6 billion
● ROE 7.0%
   Global manufacturing network
Intellectual capital
Cumulatively cultivated foundation of advanced technology
Human capital
Human resources contributing to continual growth
expenditures ¥11.1 billion
R&D expenses ¥10.4 billion
Number of consolidated employees
High- performance plastics business
         Semiconductor ・Safety and security materials
・Chemical substance management business ・Product liability
Quality of life products business
SB School activities (human resource
development)
Early commercialization of priority development themes
R&D
SDG-contributing product ratio of revenue
37.2%
Helping to solve social issues
Non-financial results (fiscal 2020)
● CO2 emissions (compared to fiscal 2005)
45%
    7,937*1 Social/ Consolidated
Issues impacting
society
・Biodiversity conservation ・Improving stakeholder satisfaction ・Human resources development ・Diversity and work-life balance
Issues representing the foundation of business activities
・CSR procurement ・Compliance
One Sumibe Activities
Open innovation
* SBPS
  related capital
Relationships of trust with stakeholders
Natural capital
Efficient use of resources/energy
subsidiaries Japan 13
Overseas 32
Energy consumption (Crude oil equivalent)
Japan 40,755kL Overseas 63,673kL
*SBPS: Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Production System
Core technologies
Domestic business sites ▲
 ● Materials technology (resin formulation & design, monomer/polymer synthesis)
23%
 Overseas business sites ▲
● Ratio of female management staff
  A history of value creation
1907─1955
A pioneer of Japanese plastic manufacturing
1956 ─1988
Advancing into new fields to open a
new era
● Production and sales of products in various fields began, including phenolic resin copper-clad laminate SUMILITE PLC, rigid PVC sheets SUMILITE VSS, epoxy resin molding compounds for encapsulation of semiconductors SUMIKON EME, and various kinds of medical devices.
1989 ─2020
Business implemented
throughout the world
● Plant in Sumitomo Bakelite Singapore Pte. Ltd. completed, as a start to business deployment in countries worldwide.
● Business expansion through corporate acquisitions, accelerating entry into new domains.
2021─
Achieving top shares in niche markets in
the functional chemical sector, while further expanding our scale of business
toward becoming “a company that makes your dreams for the future a reality”
*1 The number of employees (7,937) is the total number of employees (7,896) shown in the “Number of Employees in Japan and Overseas” table on page 61 of the Full Online Version , plus the number of directors and officers (41) of subsidiaries in Japan and overseas.
● Process design technology ● Evaluation technology Our Business Philosophy (Company Policy)
that inherits Sumitomo's Business Philosophy
Contribution to formation of a sustainable society
3.12%
    ●1907 ●1911
●1932 ●1955
Dr. Baekland developed phenolic resin, named it “Bakelite”. Sankyo Company (currently Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd.) began test manufacturing of phenolic resin.
Nippon Bakelite Co., Ltd. established to take over the phenolic resin business from Sankyo.
Nippon Bakelite Co., Ltd. merged with Sumitomo Synthetic Resin Industries, Ltd. Resulting in the launch of Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
                   010 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 011
 
Value Creation
Contributions for stakeholders

   Interview with the President
Top Dialogue
  Contributing to abundant living for everyone and a sustainable society through functional plastics
Our Company is working to contribute to a sustainable society through a wide variety of functional plastic products.
We met for an interview on our Company’s efforts with Yukiko Motomura, an Editorial Board Member of The Mainichi Newspapers with deep knowledge of environmental issues who heads the news organization’s Science and Environment News Department.
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. President and Representative Director
Kazuhiko Fujiwara
The Mainichi Newspapers Deputy Chief Editorial Writer
Yukiko Motomura
Pursuing the potential of plastic without taking our eyes off environmental problems
Motomura: Your Company has a long history as a “pioneer in plastics.” Tell us about the approach you take toward your current business operations. Fujiwara: We originated as the first company in Japan to manufacture plastics, and we have conducted R&D of the diverse potential of plastics in an effort to create products with value. More than 100 years have passed since plastic manufacturing began in Japan, and it has developed into a material that is essential to every industry. Working with a material that makes such a large contribution to society is accompanied by great responsibility. In doing so, we place great importance on the precepts of our business philosophy: “Our Company places prime importance on trust and sureness, and shall commit itself to contributing to the progress of society and enhancement of people’s welfare and livelihood through its business activities.” That is, we think it is very important to continue business activities with a view to contributing, through plastics, to the development of society and abundant living for everyone.
Motomura: You handle a diverse range of products. Has this emerged in response to the needs and requirements of your customers?
Fujiwara: That’s exactly right. As a manufacturer of the functional chemical products giving plastics the necessary functionality, we have been moving forward with research and development of plastic processing technologies in consideration of our customers’ needs and requirements, and offering those products to the world. They are in widespread use, from familiar applications to those that do not meet people’s eyes, including telecommunications devices such as smartphones and PCs, household electronics, transport systems such as automobiles, railways and aircraft, as well as in the fields of food products and healthcare. As the times and technologies advance and lifestyle convenience
and values change, we place due importance on flexibility, creating new things from time to time as the need arises.
Motomura: In a word, plastics are extremely broad in scope.
Fujiwara: Yes, Ms. Motomura. Without even being aware of it, you yourself might pick up one of our products. For example, do you know of our P-Plus product used in packaging of fruits and vegetables? It is used in places such as supermarkets and convenience stores. We developed it to help fresh fruits and vegetables keep longer so they are fresh when eaten. Each package has invisible holes in it of about 100μ to preserve freshness. The number and size of the holes are varied according to how a given fruit or vegetable breathes.
Motomura: I’m surprised that it has such ingenuity designed into it. Plastic products like these are definitely essential to the abundance in our lives. At the same time, I believe plastic is associated with issues such an environmental problems.
Fujiwara: That’s exactly right, so while pursuing convenience, we also respond to the environment. A certain kind of gap does exist there, and in aiming to achieve a sustainable society, we cannot avert our eyes from the environmental problems that surround plastics. The key to a solution lies in the technological and R&D capabilities that are among our Company’s strengths. With regard to the problem of plastic waste, for instance, we are working to reduce plastic waste through daily management of the raw materials we use and the plastic products we manufacture, by advancing their recycling, and moreover by considering life cycle assessments (LCA) from the product development stage. From the standpoint of recycling, we have been moving forward with development of plastics that include biomass-derived materials to reduce environmental impact even when discarded, as well as mono-material films for packaging conducive to recycling. We have also been helping to reduce the volume of waste itself with thinner plastic films. Moreover, from a circular-economy standpoint, at our Shizuoka Plant we have established an innovative technology that can turn cured phenolic resins back into phenolic resins through a recycling system using supercritical fluid technology.
  012 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
013
Top Dialogue

  2021 015
   Interview with the President Top Dialogue
  Motomura: The prevailing popular tendency to simply equate plastics with environmental harm is a fact. However, if we aim for a life without plastics by, for example, switching drink containers from PET bottles to glass bottles, the added weight results in increased CO2 emissions volume during transport. That’s the other side of things of which I think it can be difficult to gain the understanding of consumers. We in the news media have our role to play, but I’m glad that a company like your Company that provides materials is getting the word out as well.
Accelerating efforts to contribute to SDGs and realize a decarbonized society
Motomura: I’d also like to ask you about SDGs. Your Company has changed its priority areas for imperative efforts from 5+1 to 6+1. Tell us about the background to the change.
Fujiwara: Until fiscal 2020, Our Company had established 5+1 of the 17 SDGs as priority areas to address through our efforts. These five consisted of Goals 3 “GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING”, 7 “AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY", 8 “DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH”, 9 “INDUSTRIAL INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE”, and 12 “RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION”, to which we added Goal 14 “LIFE BELOW WATER”. In April of 2021, we added to these Goal 13 “CLIMATE ACTION” for 6+1 priority areas. In recent years, many of our customer companies have been undertaking Goal 13 “CLIMATE ACTION”, and the possibility of being left behind if unable to keep up with this worldwide movement has given rise to a sense of crisis. In addition, the government has issued a declaration on its aim of achieving a decarbonized society by 2050. I thought that, as a company that
President and Representative Director
Kazuhiko Fujiwara
Joined the Company in 1980. BecameTeam Leader of the Biotechnology- related Product Development Project in 2003, Department Manager of S-Bio Development Department in 2007, General Manager of S-Bio Business Division and Executive Officer in 2009, Managing Executive Officer in 2013, Director and Managing Executive Officer in 2014, Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer in 2016, and President and Representative Director in 2018.
handles plastics, it is incumbent upon us to present concrete measures for what we must do toward achieving that goal, and to take action. Amid these background circumstances, we also expressed our support in February of this year for the TCFD recommendations.
Motomura: I think CO2 reduction is an issue for every industry. I’ve heard that there has been a broad revision of the goals for 2030 that were established in 2018. Can you give us the details?
Fujiwara: We made the revisions in response to the government’s “2050 Carbon Neutral Declaration.” In addition to the energy conservation activities and process efficiency reforms that our Company has long engaged in, we have also formed an internal cross- sectional organizational body to implement phased CO2 reductions. We determined, however, that taking on the challenge of zero emissions would require a greater acceleration of efforts than is currently underway. We therefore formulated our “Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero)” ending in 2050. Subsequently, the government has established its goal for 2030 as a milestone. We are therefore aiming for the government’s specified goal of a 46% reduction in CO2 (compared to fiscal 2013) by 2030 as a must. Motomura: What do you think will be the key point in reducing CO2?
Fujiwara: I think it’s electric power. In this effort, we will have to start by getting a handle on the electric power situation of each country, then increase the ratios of renewable energy. Rather than solar power alone, there are a variety of candidates for this, such as hydrogen, biomass and CO2 adsorption technologies. I would like to scrutinize the state of advancement of each technology, then consider technological applications that are appropriate to a given region or plant. I think that crucial factors in working toward our “Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero)” will include product development that is mindful of lifecycle CO2 reduction, as well as cooperation with our supply chains.
The Mainichi Newspapers Deputy Chief Editorial Writer
Yukiko Motomura
Assigned to the Science and Environment News Department since 2001, serving in positions including Department Manager before her current position. Received the first Science Journalist Award in 2006 for her work with the news crew for the Rikei Hakusho series. Authored several books on science and technology themes, based on her knowledge cultivated through reporting and other work, including Kagaku no Mikata and Ki ni Naru Kagaku. Active in a broad range of digital and TV media in addition to newspaper work.
Improving the “human ability”
of employees to become a
company that makes your
dreams for the future a reality
Motomura: I think that for a materials manufacturer, R&D is a lifeline. What do you focus on and put into practice in acquiring and developing human resources?
Fujiwara: Our R&D costs represent about 5% of revenue, which is a relatively high ratio for a materials manufacturer. Since human resources development is more important to a company than anything else, we tell our employees to undertake efforts without fear of failure.
Motomura: Those are promising words.
Fujiwara: Innovation will not emerge unless we take on challenges. I myself come from an R&D background, and have accomplished things after piling up many failures. As part of that message, I have designated “improving human ability” our Company’s internal watchword for this year. “Human ability“ is the cumulative effect obtained from multiplying motivation, capability, personality and character together. Diligent training is essential to achieving this improvement. While day-to-day OJT and self-training are a matter of course, I want for us to improve every category of our human ability so that we can be the kind of company in which employees are given many opportunities, enabling each and every one of us to speak to customers about aspirations and value.
Motomura: At the same time, it seems the impact of COVID-19 will remain with us for some time. What kind of impact have changes in work styles due to the COVID-19 pandemic had on your Company and all of its employees?
Fujiwara: In terms of our actual work, while we have switched those things that could be substituted for online, the change in environment may have caused the burden on our employees to increase. While we give the highest consideration to our employees’ health and mental care, I think it is very important to flexibly maintain a comfortable work environment that is responsive to circumstances at any given time. At the same time, some work arrangements have emerged that could only be possible online. I think that these may provide opportunities to lighten the
load, depending on how they are understood. Online meetings enable us to connect worldwide locations, and the fact that we can efficiently and seamlessly connect with customers is a major factor for our Company, which emphasizes customer service. Motomura: How about promotion of diversity? Fujiwara: The abilities of our employees bear no relation to gender. Rather, I think it is critical that we create an environment in which each and every person can fully exercise their individuality. Our female employees do have maternity leave, however. I think we need to give some consideration to this, since we cannot allow it to pose a handicap. In fact, the number of women managers at our Company in fiscal 2020 was double that of fiscal 2014. The goal here is not merely to boost the numbers. I think it shows how we have cultivated an arena in which we maintain an environment conducive to women fully exercising their capabilities, and in which evaluations are unrelated to gender differences. Motomura: We’ve come to hear the term “degrowth” lately in society. I think a corporation is something that is run on the assumption of growth. What are your thoughts on this?
Fujiwara: For a manager commissioned by shareholders to increase corporate value, degrowth is a difficult topic. At present, I have not arrived at any thought of rejecting growth. However, I do think that it is extremely crucial for us to thoroughly engage in management that avoids an obsession with profit, and is mindful of our contribution to society, of diversity and of environmental considerations, such that all of our shareholders and investors choose us. Motomura: Through today’s interview, I think I’ve been able to glimpse not only the role that plastics play in our lives and society, but also something of the thinking of your Company. In closing, could you tell us about the future your Company looks to amid the uncertainties that the COVID-19 pandemic has cast on times to come?
Fujiwara: It is required of any company that does business globally to look beyond mere economic value such as sales and profit, and to contribute through its business operations to the realization of a sustainable society. We aim to become “a company that makes your dreams for the future a reality” by meeting the expectations of our stakeholders, expanding the potential of plastics, and creating value for our clients. I think our mission is first to open the way to a society abounding in people with smiling faces.
   014
Rigorous infection prevention measures were taken for
the interview, including the installation of an airborne droplet transmission prevention panel and ventilation.
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report

 Feature Articles
Special Feature on SDGs
Efforts on SDGs adopted in
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Basic Policy
Point 01
SDGs provide a guiding light to the path our Group must take
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. established the SDG Promotion Committee in 2018 and the Sustainability Promotion Committee in 2019, with the President serving as Chairperson, thus putting in place a framework for full-fledged efforts on SDGs. Our Company conducts efforts on SDGs under an understanding that SDG efforts, societal needs, and our Company’s business objectives and Business Philosophy (Company Policy) are roughly equally interconnected. The spread of COVID-19 has brought drastic change and numerous elements of uncertainty to contemporary society, making it extremely difficult to forecast what kinds of products will gain acceptance. However, I think that SDGs represent one rallying point that indicates a way forward for our Group as a plastics manufacturer.
Director, Executive Vice President of the Company Vice Chairperson, Sustainability Promotion Committee Chairperson, SDG Promotion Committee
Masayuki Inagaki
Point 02
Priority areas for SDGs: from “5+1” to “6+1”
Point 03
Efforts to contribute to SDGs
As countries and companies all over the world steer a course toward achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, it is highly likely that we would be sidelined if we were to miss this departure. In taking on the challenge of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, we are working to respond throughout all of our supply chains. In committing to an initial 46% reduction (compared to fiscal 2013), we are naturally reducing our internal energy use and considering greening action, and the effort also includes consideration of eliminating petroleum materials from our Group’s products, and thoroughgoing calculation of life cycle assessments (LCA) as part of our recycling considerations. In February 2021, we agreed to the recommendations of the
Point 04
Taking ownership of SDGs
Although SDG efforts advance under the command of top management, it is the individual will and desire of each employee that generates the motive force to drive them forward. Through the activities of the SDG Promotion Committee, we have also grasped the fact that there are generational and individual differences in levels of awareness and understanding of the status of current issues. In order to keep the 6+1 Goals from becoming a mere abstraction, I think it is very important that we continue with internal educational activities such as study sessions, SDG poster displays, e-learning and use of the Company intranet, in order to pervasively inculcate the understand of SDG efforts as an issue for all employees.
At the same time, momentum is growing toward thinking of our business operations in conjunction with SDGs. Primarily through the Sustainability Promotion Committee, our Group is implementing certification of SDG-contributing products, and the ratio of our Company’s products that are
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Behind the assent, there are our strengthening of efforts on climate change, and the aim of actively demonstrating this stance both internally and externally. Regarding the TCDF recommended disclosure items, we have disclosed "Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero)" in our Integrated Report issued in 2020 as a first risk management step. In terms of disclosure item indicators and targets, we are moving forward with preparations to bring greater visibility to the degree of our contributions with respect to SDGs and climate change through a certification system begun in fiscal 2018 for the revenue ratios of SDG-contributing products.
certified is increasing year by year. When we first began our SDG education, there were gaps in awareness, resulting in numerous products not being certified as contributing. But now that the key points of SDGs have been clarified, those gaps have been eliminated, so that numbers of highly accurate applications accompanied by evidence have greatly increased. There has also been an increase in cases of what we call embryonic projects, in which consultation is initiated with the SDG Promotion Committee at the idea stage, and then after several months of advising, we manage to come up with a concrete proposal for new product commercialization. We have begun to closely link the thinking on SDGs to the work of each and every employee, and as this process flow becomes the standard for our Company, it leads to the embodiment of our Business Philosophy (Company Policy), which I think is exactly the ideal.
            TOPIC
● Posters
Posters explaining the 17 Goals and 169 targets at a glance have been put on display in each office.
● Internal newsletter Bake News SDG-related articles
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. SDG education
● e-learning
From the President
down, e-learning is
administered for all
employees. It has
been administered as
part of environmental education in fiscal 2018 and 2019, and in fiscal 2020 it was narrowed to focus for the first time on SDGs alone. We also conduct Studies on Basic SDG Knowledge
and Thinking for executive and management personnel, and this will be expanded to include all employees in the future.
● Mobile SDG card
A pocketbook-sized portable card enabling quick reference to the 17 Goals and 169 targets has been produced and distributed Company-wide.
● Study sessions
We invite external lecturers and hold SDG Study Sessions for Executive/ Management Staff.
●Intranet
We have included guidelines for SDGs, a list of SDG contribution certifications, as well as SDG standards and regulations as part of our internal education work.
       The SDGs include 17 Goals, and while the ultimate aim is to achieve all of them, there are limits to what one company can contribute through its business operations. This is why, in applying the strengths of our Group business operations to full-fledged SDG efforts, we identified five areas (SDGs 3, 7, 8, 9 and 12) as those in which we could make a contribution as a single Company, plus Goal 14, issues involving the oceans, which could be addressed by society as a whole. These were designated our “5+1” priority areas on which to focus our management resources. We subsequently came to understand, through our business activities, that Goal 13 "CLIMATE ACTION", is being pursued by many of our customers as an SDG theme. Since we believe it is crucial that we meet expectations as a manufacturer of materials that help our Group customers achieve their goals, we added this Goal to our priority areas, now “6+1.” I think that the expectations on our company’s products will become all the greater, particularly with respect to Goal 13.1, one of the SDG13 targets, on strengthening adaptive capacity to climatic disasters stemming from last year’s efforts toward carbon neutrality.
Priority SDGs of Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
Taking into account our Company’s business domains and strengths, “six Goals + one Goal” are selected (focusing on the Goals that suit our Company to put particular effort in)
  016 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 017

 Point 05
SDG-contributing products responsive to social issues
   Since fiscal 2018, our Company Group has been accrediting products, technologies, and activities that contribute to the SDGs as SDG-contributing products, SDG-contributing technologies, and SDG-contributing activities. Certification is granted by the SDG Promotion Committee, subject to approval
by the Sustainability Promotion Committee, upon meeting the assessment criteria: the target must be appropriately selected, and a concrete explanation of contributions must be provided, including objective figures based on actual data or publicly disclosed information.


Epoxy resin molding compound for fixing motor magnet
Application of fastening technology using epoxy resin with greater resin strength than conventional liquid resins has made it possible to boost motor rotation speeds by 50% for greater power output and miniaturization. This helps reduce power consumption by electric vehicles and CO2 emitted when generating electric energy.
7.3 Improve energy efficiency
9.4 Environmentally sound technologies 13.2 Climate change countermeasures

Crushing a biomass-derived raw material and using it effectively as a molding compound filler is an effective use of natural resources that reduces waste and contributes to carbon fixation.
12.2 Efficient use of natural resources 12.5 Reduce waste generation
13.2 Climate change countermeasures

Help save more lives and improve prognoses by enabling early treatment through early diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction, heart failure and thrombosis.

A food packaging film that blocks oxygen to suppress bacterial growth.
In the case of raw meats, the current period of two days before the use-by date when tray-wrap packaging is used can be extended to 10 using skin-type packaging, thus helping reduce food loss.
12.3 Reduce food loss

This material is used to protect highly heat-resistant, pressure-resistant power modules and semiconductors. This material ensures operation of power devices with highly efficient energy conversion, affording high reliability and miniaturization, thereby contributing to improved energy efficiency, expansion of environmentally sound technology, waste reduction and climate change countermeasures.
7.3 Improve energy efficiency
9.4 Environmentally sound technologies 12.5 Reduce waste
13.2 Climate change countermeasures

Increasing the moisture-barrier characteristics of pharmaceutical product packaging helps preserve the quality of tablets longer, while eliminating the aluminum pillow outer packaging helps reduce waste.

The material’s light weight makes tasks less burdensome, prevents injuries if the cutting board is dropped, and reduces the amount of waste when it is discarded.
8.8 Promote a safe, secure work environment
12.5 Reduce waste

These sheets are used in rail car interiors. During rail car maintenance, old damaged or soiled interior materials are removed before replacements are affixed. This product, however, can be affixed on top of the previous surface, which helps reduce waste produced during the life cycle of the car.

This material is used in insulated roofing for steel-frame buildings. With insulating properties superior to those of conventional double-folded plate roofing, this material contributes to conservation of energy used for air conditioning, etc.

Outline of Medium-term Business Plan
  Taking drastic social and environmental change as growth opportunities, we aim to become "a company
that makes your dreams for the future a reality” by creating value that contributes to solving social issues.
The spread of COVID-19 infections has brought about many changes in people‘s values and business styles. In order to contribute to solutions of changing social issues, we have formulated a new Medium-term Business Plan (2021-2023), which defines our orientation toward further growth and evolution.
■Vision of the Medium-term Business Plan
We aim to become “a company that makes your
■Medium-term Business Plan numerical targets
 Numerical targets
Final fiscal year (fiscal 2023)
Revenue (¥250.0 billion)・Business profit (¥25.0 billion)・ROE (10%)
■= Results
■= Medium-term Business Plan Target
250.0 25.0
2023 (FY)
 Revenue
(Billion yen)
Business profit
(Billion yen)
230.0 240.0
206.6 209.0 22.0 14.3 16.6 19.0
  2019 2020
2021 2022
■Key measures of the Medium-term Business Plan Vision
  dreams for the future a reality” by expanding the possibilities of plastic and creating value for our clients.
01 A company that contributes to solving social issues and continuously grows and evolves
02 A company that walks together with customers and other stakeholders
Aiming at “Top shares in niche markets”
in the functional chemical sector as well as expanding our business
in keeping with the SDGs.
“A company that makes your dreams for the future a reality”
Basic Medium-term Policy
Aiming at “Top shares in niche markets” in the functional chemical sectors
Vision
Ideal Image
A company where employees can be active
■Basic Policy and Basic Strategy of the Mid-term Business Plan
Challenge toward
a new business model
Key measures
Evolution of organizational culture
       03
Cross-organizational activities through One Sumibe
● R&D
● Marketing function
● Manufacturing foundation
● Cultivating a challenging culture
● Revision of the personnel system ● Work-style reform
3. Improve sluggish businesses 4. BCP measures
   Basic Policy
1. Proactive investment in growth areas
2. To be a pioneer in environmental areas
  01 Develop new products with competitive advantage, Basic aiming at their prompt contribution
Contribution to SDGs (Carbon neutrality)
 strategy
02 Strengthen profitability of existing products and expand new customers, applications and regions
● Addition of Goal 13 "CLIMATE ACTION" as our priority SDG area.
Priority SDG area (”6 + 1” goals)
● SDG-contributing product revenue ratio target Fiscal 2020 (results) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2030
37% 50% or greater 70% or greater ● Expression of support of the TCFD recommen-
dations, start consideration by our team
● Formulation of Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero), taking on the challenge of achieving 2050 carbon neutrality
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 021
03 Proactive strategic investment in growth areas (M&A, DX, etc.) 020 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Outline of Medium-term Business Plan
DX promotion
Management Priority foundation measures
 By maintaining a stable financial foundation, we aim at improvement of medium- to long- term corporate value which is supported by our stakeholders.
Director Senior Managing Executive Officer
Takashi Nakamura
 Fiscal 2020 results
Revenue
Business profit
Operating profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
ROE
¥209.0 billion
¥16.6 billion
¥19.9 billion
¥13.2 billion
7.0 %
      Message from Finance and Accounting Officer
   Message from Finance and Accounting Officer
■Outlook for business performance in fiscal 2021
 ■Review of business performance in fiscal 2020
Given the additional economic measures being taken in each country, and expectations of continued strong semiconductor-related demand, we anticipate an even greater upturn than in the previous fiscal year. At the same time, the road ahead remains unclear as apprehensions of a renewed epidemic due to the spread of valiants of COVID-19 have yet to be dispelled. It thus appears likely that some
■Basic policy for financial strategy
For a corporate Group like us, in an industry where development periods are long and stable long-term supply is required even after a product has been completed, maintaining a stable, robust financial foundation is an extremely critical requirement in forming relationships with clients. The current spread of COVID-19 infections has brought this fact into bold relief. Maintaining our existing stable financial foundation is therefore a major premise behind our financial strategy. However, becoming exclusively engrossed with responding to contingencies could stall future growth, raising concerns of being left behind by a post-COVID rebound. For these reasons, we are carrying out strategic allocation of management resources to such initiatives as proactive investments considered effective and necessary for the expansion of promising business operations and M&A for the implementation of our business.
In addition, we believe that the following three perspectives are crucial in increasing our corporate value. From the first
time will be required before economic activity returns to normal in the Japanese economy as well. Given these factors, the outlook for consolidated business performance during fiscal 2021 includes forecasts of ¥230.0 billion in revenue (up 10.0% year on year), ¥19.0 billion in business profit (up 14.2% year on year), and ¥14.5 billion in profit attributable to owners of parent (up 9.9% year on year).
perspective, profitability, our goal is a profit base in which the business profit to revenue ratio for each of our three business segments is stable at 10% or more. From the second perspective, ROE, we achieved 7.0% in fiscal 2020, up 2 percentage points from the previous fiscal year. Our target is an increase to 10% for the final fiscal year of our Medium-term Business Plan. Our third perspective is that of financial stability. We understand that cash allocation is necessary for investment and M&A in new business domains with a view to long-term growth. However, our general aim is to avoid exceeding the standards in effect at the time of our 2014 acquisition of the U.S. firm Vaupell with respect to reliance on interest-bearing debt and debt/equity ratio, even for processes involved in proactive investment. While focusing effort on immediate recovery during fiscal 2021, we will continue to work toward increasing corporate value through business structure reform and improvement initiatives while bearing these points in mind.
During the first half, the impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections led inevitably to a major decline in business performance. A particularly major impact resulted from a downturn in the automotive market under overseas lockdowns and the declared state of emergency in Japan. On the other hand, demand related to staying at home helped bolster business performance in the semiconductor field. Moreover, I think that initiatives to cut fixed costs from the beginning of the fiscal year enabled us to hold the damage to business performance to a minimum.
The favorable tone was maintained in the semiconductor industry during the second half, as 5G-related investment increased and stay-at-home demand continued. In the automotive field, the second half saw a sudden recovery
in production and sales volumes, which boosted business performance. Meanwhile, in the areas of aircraft interior component applications and domestic housing & construction- related applications, sales for the full year declined greatly as the spread of COVID-19 infections continued to have an impact. Looking back on the full year, while we cut costs to cope during the first half, we subsequently managed to increase business performance during the second half by riding the wave of business performance recovery. Cutting costs was a particularly positive factor in terms of gain and loss, as it continued into the second half, enabling us to achieve profit exceeding that of the previous year. In addition, consolidation of Kawasumi Laboratories on October 7, 2020 made no small contribution to our business performance.
■Message to all of our shareholders and investors
■Initiatives of New Medium-term Business Plan
Regarding our shareholder return policy, the posture we have always taken, of effecting stable continual shareholder returns, has not changed. While our business performance during fiscal 2020 improved over the previous year, we would like to preserve a certain degree of retained earnings as a resource for strategic investment toward future growth and expansion. We therefore maintained our annual cash dividend at ¥75, the same amount as for the previous year. Our aim is to maintain 30% as the rough target for dividend payout ratio. From a medium- to long-term standpoint, strategic investment and the resulting business expansion will increase our corporate value, a result which will be returned to our shareholders. As we move forward, it is our policy to focus efforts on business performance recovery and improvement so that we can return profits to our shareholders stably and continuously. In fiscal 2021, based on the previously mentioned business performance forecast, we are planning an annual dividend distribution of ¥90, divided into an interim distribution of ¥45 and a year- end distribution of ¥45.
Continued uncertainty is forecast for the world economy in the near future. As we indicated in our Medium-term Business Plan, it will be necessary for us to continue stable business operations by building a highly resilient financial foundation while sustaining our current business
performance as a group. In the medium- to long-term, our goal is to expand and grow our business operations, and the direction that growth takes will be toward manifesting the SDGs through our Business Philosophy (Company Policy). As a company that provides materials and solutions adapted to state-of-the-art technologies and trends, we will step up the presence that we present as we move forward, continuing with initiatives that make a contribution to the world.
The period since the spread of COVID-19 began have been an extremely harsh time for us. I think that taking a variety of measures, with our employees all managing to pull together to overcome challenges, has been an extremely valuable experience. Although the road ahead remains unclear, a time of great social change can also be taken as an opportunity to move forward. While it goes without saying that we must ably meet the needs of our clients with respect to product manufacturing, I think it is very important that we offer forward-thinking solutions, not just from each business department, but by deploying operations that take full advantage of the total Group capabilities we have accumulated up to this point. I would like to ask all of our shareholders, investors and other stakeholders for their understanding of our management posture, and for their continued support.
The impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections forced reconsideration of the Medium-term Business Targets launched in fiscal 2019, but as of June 24, 2021, we had formulated a new three-year plan, which begins with fiscal 2021. The impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections greatly altered international affairs and the social environment. Social issues and people's sense of values have undergone major changes amid a heightened awareness of environmental issues, changes in behavior and lifestyle, acceleration of the digital shift, and changes in supply chains. Amid these circumstances, we take social changes as growth opportunities as we advance management in adaptation to change while steering a course toward growth.
Contributing to efforts on SDGs is one of the key measures we will be pursuing over the coming three years. More of our customers have recently been engaging in production
and development activities conceptually informed by the thinking behind the SDGs, and we consider it crucial that we provide value in line with these customer needs. Since before the thinking behind the SDGs became widespread, we have pursued a corporate ideal of products that are friendly to people and the environment, and we intend to continue to act according to this thinking. Moving forward, we will continue providing products and services with high added value as we achieve top share in niche markets on a global basis and establish a presence as a company that can provide solutions trusted by the customer. We will do this by strengthening and enhancing ESG management while advancing DX and engaging in work-styles and activities adapted to the “with- COVID” concept, thus realizing further improvements in business performance through a higher level of reforms and improvements in human ability.
022 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 023
Message from Finance and Accounting Officer

Financial and Non-financial Highlights
  Financial and Non-financial Highlights
■Financial Highlights ● Revenue
(Millions of yen)
● Business profit (Millions of yen)
■Non-financial Highlights ● CO2 emissions
● Amount of material loss (thousand t)
220,000
210,000
200,000 198,100
190,000 5,000
19,251
2017
50 40 30 20 10
 211,819
2016 2017 2018 2019
● Profit attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen)
10,000
0
14,346
2019
153
150
16 17 13 12 12 14 14 14 14 14
212,952 16,658 206,620 209,002 15,000
16,642
2020 (FY)
345,763
2020 (FY)
20,000
17,293
2018
(thousand t-CO2)
500 400 300
200 151 100
In Japan
137
Overseas
127
In Japan
Overseas
        90 84 83 75 76 00
  180,000
2020 (FY)
13,198
2020 (FY)
2016
2016 2017 2018 2019 * Details on page 47 (article) and 104 (data) of the Full Online Version.
● Chemical substance emissions
2020 (FY)
Overseas
127 128
2020 (FY)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) * Details on page 47 (article) and 104 (data) of the Full Online Version.
● Frequency rate of occupational accidents In Japan
  20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
2016
350,000 325,000 300,000 275,000 250,000
5.0 4.63 4.0
    9,521
15,078
2017
15,084
2018
8,986
2019
148 167
137
173
3.0 2.94 2.0
● Total assets (Millions of yen)
In Japan
132 120
 272,247
2017
284,898
2018
283,322
2019
1.0 0.65 0.51
0.35
0.54 0.54
019 2020 (year)
(t)
500
400
300
200 126 100
139
0
2017
* Details on page 47 (article) and 104 (data) of the Full Online Version.
Overseas subsidiaries 3.23 3.07 3.38
  253,763 2016
0.0
2016 2017 2018
 2016
2018
2019
  ● Basic earnings per share (Yen)
● Profit to equity attributable to owners of parent ratio (ROE)
● Trends in the proportion of female management staff
● Employment rate of people with disabilities (%)
400
300
200
100
(%)
10
9.3 8.7
2017 2018
(%)
3.5
7.0 3.0 2.5
2.8 2.6
2.4 2.33 2.37
* Details on page 53 of the Full Online Version.
    40.45
320.36 320.51
280.46 8 6
4
3.12
2020 (FY)
2.66
2.64
190.96
6.3
2016
5.0
2019
2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5 0.0
1.83
2018
2.41
2019
 2 00
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
* As the share consolidation of each 5 shares of common shares into 1 share was exercised effective on October 1, 2018, basic earnings per share is calculated with the assumption that the share consolidation had been exercised at the beginning of fiscal 2017.
1.34 1.52
2016 2017
2.2 2.0 1.8
2.17
2017 2018
 Statutory employment rate
  2020 (FY)
2016
2019 2020 (FY)
  024 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 025
* Details on page 63 of the Full Online Version.
* Details on page 63 of the Full Online Version.
Financial and Non-financial Highlights

Business Risks
  Business Risks
● Business risks (1)Product
quality
For details on risk management, see page 82 of the Full Online Version.
The items listed below are among the principal risks in our business operations. This is not, however, an exhaustive list of all risks faced by our Group, since other risks exist which are difficult to foresee.
In order to reduce the frequency of occurrence and the impact of these risks, we have established, maintain and operate systems for corporate governance and internal control. Moreover, each company and department in the Group ascertains and assesses the risks in its own business operations. Upon doing so, the Group establishes a Basic Policy for risk management, and performs management and practices that precisely address the range of risks associated with business operations.
The future-oriented items in this text are those which have been decided by our Group as of the end of fiscal 2020.
 Risk factors
Risk content
Potential impacts
Responses
      ・Large-scale product incidents
・Major costs due to recalls, compensation for damages
・Loss of community trust
    ・Advances in science and technology
・Changes in customer markets
・Changes in methods of use
・Occurrence of unforeseeable quality problems due
to increases in quality management standards sought by customers after placement on the market
     ・Earthquake ・Explosion, fire and
leakage
・Storm and flood damage
・Pandemic
  ・Geopolitical risk
・Changes in supply-demand balance
・Changes in economic conditions on metallic materials
・Human casualties among neighbors & employees and damage to plant/equipment
・Product supply stoppage due to disruptions of electricity, gas, water or telecommunications services
・Supply chain separation due to disruption of customer, supplier, distribution functions
・Major costs due to compensation for damages
 ・Delays in reflecting petroleum, naphtha or metallic materials price increases in product prices
・Raw materials supply disruptions, temporary restrictions and price spikes resulting from factors such as altered conditions or climate change in the country of origin
・Reduction in sales, impairment of profitability, or obstruction of business continuity due
to the withdrawal from business by a raw materials manufacturer
   Risk factors
Risk content
Potential impacts
Responses
       ・Demands made from a health and environmental issues standpoint for additional measures such as chemical substance management and environmental impact reduction
・Exclusion from markets due to delay of measures responding to climate change
     ・Conflict with regulations
in Japan and overseas affecting chemical substance management
in our business activities, and with regulations on waste, CO2, wastewater and dust emissions
・Occurrence of major losses due to criminal penalties, surcharges and civil litigation
・Loss of community trust
     ・Unauthorized access, cyber- attacks
・Principal systems failure, stoppage
・Confidential information leakage
・Loss of community trust ・Business operations disorder
or disruption
・Costs such as compensation to business partners
  ・Creation of a product quality management framework that is consistent from design management to manufacturing and sales, and adheres to quality manuals compliant with international quality management standards (ISO 9001, IATF-16949, AS9100, etc.)
・Regular verification of quality management status through on- site quality audits by qualified internal and external experts
・Identification of potential quality risks and mitigation response using FMEA and FTA
・Thorough caution during initial production control and change control
・Deployment throughout our principal location networks, including overseas, of the system in our domestic network by which we use AI/IoT technologies to reduce human variable factors while strengthening and expanding traceability
・Creation of a uniform management system for quality issues at all business sites in Japan and overseas,
through which we will implement occurrence and release prevention measures, and initial responses to quality issues and prevention of the spread of any damage
・Production of a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) for use in the event of an emergency
・Implementation of disaster mitigation and continuity assurance measures by securing adequate inventories, establishing redundancy with our production systems at business sites in Japan and overseas, augmenting spare parts supplies, and systematizing our restoration systems
・Regular verification of the appropriateness of measures, ongoing BCP revision and training
・Gaining the cooperation of business partners in checking upstream supply chain BCP and considering additional measures
・Scientific analysis and proposal of countermeasures by the Corporate Safety Center (est. 2018) toward prevention of any occurrence of explosion, fire or leakage that could be caused by our Company
・Introduction of a predictive management system incorporating AI technology
・Risk reduction through pluralization of procurement sources, ensuring secure storage, etc., with stable procurement the foremost consideration
・Development of technologies to control regional variations in the composition and ingredients of raw materials derived from natural products such as plants and minerals
・Standardization of newly adopted raw materials at the time of utilization to ensure against future inclusion of controlled substances
・Application of the formula system for principal raw materials (automatically reflecting raw materials fluctuations in prices)
(4)Environmental impact
reduction measures
・Implementation of chemical substances management and environmental impact reduction measures based on Responsible Care activities
・Propose and execute strategies for establishing chemical and materials recycling technologies for raw materials and product waste
・Promote cross-organizational activities led by President (conversion to renewable/green energy, life cycle assessments [LCA], development of SDG-contributing products, chemical substance management)
・Proactive, continuous external communication of activity status and results through Integrated Reports, the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), etc.
・Proactive participation in industry projects,
and programs linking industry, academia and government, as well as development of the innovative technologies needed to reduce environmental impact
・Chemical substance management system operation/ improvement
・Establishment/improvement of various internal regulations and procedures
・Implement various compliance education and internal auditing measures
・Introduction of products to protect against information security, and implementation of monitoring for cyber-attacks
・Implementation of information security education and cyber-attack training for Corporate Officers and employees
・Participation in information security-related organizations such as the Nippon CSIRT Association and the Initiative for Cyber Security Information sharing Partnership of Japan (J-CSIP)
・Establishment of SUMIBE-CSIRT, a cross- organizational body created for preparedness for the occurrence of information security incidents
    (2)Disasters, accidents and pandemics
(5)Responses to laws and regulations
(6)Information security
incidents
    (3)Raw materials supply
problems and price fluctuations
    026 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 027
Business Risks

 Creating a hopeful and bright future with electronics and mobility by providing material solutions.
Director Senior Managing Executive Officer
Sumitoshi Asakuma
 Fiscal 2020 segment business performance ● Revenue
 ¥57.266billion
● Business profit ¥9.439billion
Year on year
Up 14.9
Year on year
Up 22.8
%
%
01. Expansion of semiconductor encapsulation materials share
・Further expansion from the top global share of 40%
02. Expansion of mobility-related business
・Materials for fixing motor magnet, direct molding materials for ECU, materials for power modules, etc.
・Newly installed European production line ・Newly established department specializing in
mobility materials
03. Acquiring a position in a changing society
・CS strategy & forward-thinking proposals using rapid information gathering and customer response
・Promotion of collaborative development with customers at Open Lab facilities worldwide
04. Establishing a flexible production structure
・Always maintaining top-level quality, while also giving production the latitude necessary for a flexible production system
05. Organizational reinforcement for strategic execution
・Building a solid production structure
・Creating an organizational culture that heightens personal autonomy and organizational flexibility
Strengths
・World's top share of product lineups including semiconductor encapsulation materials
・Global business structure integrating with R&D, manufacturing and sale forces
・Advanced materials, process and evaluation technologies
・Relationships of trust built with stakeholders worldwide
 TOPIC
Together with our newly established production line in Europe, and the capacity increase in China, we are considering production line construction in the United States during fiscal 2021. Since this will be a year in which not only semiconductors but also mobility applications we have been pursuing as development projects make a contribution to sales, I think it is crucial that we solidly build up our production structure. In terms of strategy, our aim is to add to our business performance with new products that have been under development, such as encapsulation materials with improved dielectric, magnetic or thermal properties, solder-alternative high-heat conductive paste, photosensitive materials for layer redistribution, and substrate materials for next-generation packages.
Global production system augmentation together with exploration of new-product sales channels
 Substrate materials for packages
Opportunities
・Acceleration of vehicle electrification, EV conversion
・Advances in IoT and 5G ・Expansion of smart society (energy
conservation), environmental
consciousness ・Increased demand for
telecommunications devices due to expanded telework, etc.
Weaknesses
・Susceptibility to market conditions
・High dependence on specific products
Threats
・Future uncertainty due to U.S.- China trade friction, etc.
・Intensified competition for main products
・Rising raw material prices due to Chinese environmental regulations
Business Overview by Segment
  Semiconductor Materials
Primary SDG targets
Strategic products
Materials for fixing motor magnets
     ■A review of fiscal 2020
Our primary products in this segment, in which we have maintained the top share of the global market since the 1980s, are semiconductor encapsulation materials, which insulate and protect semiconductor devices. In addition to semiconductor encapsulating materials, we currently also offer numerous other products essential to the semiconductor manufacturing process, such as wafer coating resins, paste for die bonding and substrate materials for semiconductor packages. These are also used in numerous fields including PCs, smartphones and other telecommunications devices as well as motor vehicles, household electronics and industrial equipment.
Our strength lies in our development prowess and production structure enabling us to respond rapidly to customer needs. We have established locations with structure integrating with R&D, production and sales forces in Japan (Fukuoka), China (Suzhou), Singapore, and Taiwan (Kaohsiung), all
of which have built systems for the same level of quality assurance. At each of our Asian business sites, as well as in Europe and the United States, we have established Open Lab facilities where we can engage in development together with customers. Through prototyping and evaluation with our customers, we can discover issues and take remedial steps rapidly, leading to new development projects. Making the most of our advantage in having multiple highly competitive products with high market share, we link up our operations globally while putting rapid information gathering and customer response into practice.
We continue to strengthen our partnerships with supply chain players such as manufacturers of raw materials and equipment. We thus build relationships of trust by proposing solutions that anticipate customer needs so that we not only can supply materials, but also contribute to our customers’ value creation starting from the development phase.
Starting off with unforeseeing circumstances, we kept cost outlays to a bare minimum, while establishing a flexible production system. During the first half, demand for some of our products diminished as some customers halted operations. At the same time, however, the increase in working from home boosted demand related to personal computers, tablets and telecommunications devices. In the second half, a note of recovery in the automotive industry and the spread of 5G smartphones expanded semiconductor demand. This led to record-high sales thanks to favorable performance of our mainstay products like semiconductor encapsulation materials, wafer coating resins, paste for die bonding and substrate materials for semiconductor packages.
Focusing on growth in both existing and new business domains,
■and also working to create internal organizations for employee growth
SWOT analysis
Business strategy overview for fiscal 2021
In this segment, we identify our purpose as being a material solution provider that makes dreams for the future a reality in the field of electronics and mobility. Toward this purpose, we have set our target for 2025 as generating revenue of ¥100 billion for a 20-25% ratio of total business profit. In our existing semiconductor materials business operations, rather than merely relying on growth in the semiconductor market, we aim to advance initiatives to further expand our market share for a compound annual growth rate of 6% over the coming five years. In the mobility-related domain that includes materials for fixing motor magnets and direct encapsulation materials for ECU, which we are pursuing as a new business domain, our aim is to expand the scale of operations by 2025 to ¥12 billion.
This segment involves business domains in which major
changes happen quickly. These include frequent major alterations like customer consolidation and evolutionary advances in technology so impactful that they can flip the landscape at a stroke. In order to obtain a strong position under these circumstances, it is critical to continually heighten technological capabilities in advance of the competition. The key to obtaining trust is how quickly we can grasp information and incorporate it into concrete action, and in our production plants, whether we can constantly maintain top-level quality while also giving production the latitude necessary for flexible production system. In order to accomplish these things, we are working to build systems for creating and constantly brushing up an organizational culture in which our way of working heightens personal autonomy and organizational flexibility.
Applying a higher level of CS strategy
■to continue holding the top global market share
Direct encapsulation materials for ECU
Materials for power modules
    028 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 029
Business Overview by Segment

   Aiming to make our customers' dreams a reality by expanding the possibilities of plastic through technological innovation.
Director Managing Executive Officer
Goichiro Kuwaki
 Fiscal 2020 segment business performance ● Revenue
 ¥72.559 billion
● Business profit ¥3.491 billion
Year on year
Down 14.5
Year on year
Down 14.1
%
%
01. Continual adjustment of administrative stature in keeping with demand fluctuations
・Through capital expenditure, production consolidation and SBPS activities, advancing thorough, continual adjustments to our administrative stature by cutting fixed costs
02. A strong and profitable high-performance plastics business recovery resulting from innovative strategy
・Introducing new products that break through previous limitations ・Building a new production process incorporating AI ・Competitive quality and costs due to high-speed
development enabled by MI
03. Expansion into new markets & business domains in anticipation of changes in market climate
・Focus on mobility, energy, aero markets ・Accelerating offerings of environment-responsive materials
04. Acquisition of partners through M&A, OEM, technology tie-ups
05. Deeper One Sumibe Activities and new product releases in search of three new elements: new markets, new customers and new applications
Strengths
・Technological prowess built as a pioneer in thermoset resins ・A total value chain for resins,
molding compounds and
molded parts
・Global business structure with four
regions responding to major markets
・Relationships of trust built with customers worldwide
 TOPIC We are introducing diverse new products while promoting One Sumibe Activities
 We are focusing efforts not on the high-performance plastics business alone, but also on cross-organizational One Sumibe Activities. In development, there are three new elements we seek in partnership with other departments: new markets, new customers and new applications. In manufacturing, we make the most of our global deployment of production sites, even cooperating in starting up mass production of products for other business operations. We offer new products to meet the needs of society. These include materials with high heat dissipation materials for power modules, materials with high dimensional accuracy for automotive uses, and highly heat-resistant materials for display devices, as well as environment- responsive materials such as water-soluble resins and plant-derived modified resins.
Plant-derived phenolic resins (Lignin modified phenolic resin)
Opportunities
・Acceleration of vehicle EV conversion ・Stronger environmental
controls in locations worldwide ・Reduction of aircraft weight ・Increasing demand for flame-
retardant insulation ・Increased demand for
electronic devices due to
expanded telework, etc. ・U.S.-China trade friction accelerating
the trend in China toward domestic production and demand
Weaknesses
・Maturity of main product markets
・Customer bias in aircraft business
Threats
・Intensified competition for main products
・Drastic changes in petroleum prices
・Reduced aircraft demand due to travel restrictions
Business Overview by Segment
  High-performance Plastics
■A review of fiscal 2020
Revitalizing a strong high-performance plastics business ■to win out in harsh competition amid new changes
This has been a year in which the spread of COVID-19 infections has made market changes more prominent. Some major changes have included worldwide first-half automotive market stagnation followed by second-half recovery, U.S.-China trade friction accelerating the trend in China toward domestic production of telecommunications devices and parts, as well as expanded domestic demand, and drastically reduced aircraft demand due to restrictions on domestic and overseas travel. In particular, we worked on shrinking global fixed costs during the first half by persisting in an administrative stature appropriate to sales, and came into the second-half sales recovery with this lean framework in place, which enabled us to exceed initial business performance forecasts.
This is a segment that once came close to producing sales of ¥100 billion and profit of ¥10 billion, but has now declined from the worldwide economic slowdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic. While accelerating our reduction of fixed costs, we are pursuing the three strategies of introducing new products that break through previous limitations, building a new production process incorporating AI, and achieving competitive quality and costs due to high-speed development enabled by MI. The urgent task before us is to use these three strategies as a tool enabling us to make maximum use of the worldwide deployment of our production structure, thereby revitalizing our strong high-performance plastics business.
In the automotive industry in particular, parts configurations are going to undergo major changes as efforts at environmentally oriented electrification are stepped up. As the needs for insulation, heat dissipation, miniaturization and lightweight design become increasingly significant, attention is being drawn to plastic products as the source of potential breakthrough solutions. Our Company must take a forward-thinking approach
to meet these expectations. In addition to the mobility market, I believe our technologies have applications in the energy and aviation markets as well.
Prominent market changes have been accompanied by major changes in supply chains, such that we cannot survive unless we stay at the forefront as a solution provider able to create and impart new functions to our products to heighten their added value. We must be able to handle the process from resin development to application development at a stroke with greater speed than ever before. In order to do so, we need to reliably gain market share so that we can expand business domains from upstream to downstream, and are therefore working on partner acquisition through M&A, OEM and technology tie-ups.
Moreover, responses to climate change such as carbon neutrality and working toward SDGs are essential issues. We are therefore proactively advancing these efforts through business activities with the constant acknowledgement of our stakeholders, including development and market placement of products that are environmentally responsive.
SWOT analysis
Business strategy overview for fiscal 2021
Primary SDG targets
Strategic products
Phenolic molding compound molded as brake pistons
    Tire durability increased by using phenolic resin
Gear pulley made using SiON,
a phenolic molding compound offering high dimensional accuracy
Thermal management materials (heat dissipation sheet)
As a true partner with performance and innovation, ■striving to make our customers’ dreams a reality
In 2021, 110 years have passed since phenolic resins were first produced in Japan. High-performance plastics including phenolic resins are the core business of our Company, which has built up innovative new technologies in responding to the needs of the times, expanding the possibilities. Following our full-fledged advance into global business operations in the 1980s, we established our own worldwide supply network, and earned the trust of our customers in terms of QCDSE*1. Today, we maintain a system that can handle our customers’ business implementation worldwide, enabling us to move our business operations forward on a borderless, seamless business foundation. Our customers know us not just as a supplier, but as a partner that engages with them from the product design phase. In particular, with respect to development of the phenolic resins that are fundamental for us, we position specialists in synthetic reactions all over the
world, where they support our customers on the axis of High Performance Plastic Technology Development Laboratory within the Shizuoka Plant. In addition to our strengths in resin development, innovative technologies for fiber and organic materials that give rise to high performance characteristics have enabled us to gain the top share in numerous market sectors by producing phenolic molding compounds adapted to all kinds of molding methods used in automotive, electric and electronic products, as well as industrial machinery applications. By making it our strategy to practically apply and validate products to make our customers dreams a reality, we serve as a true partner to our customers, helping solve their issues by realizing lightweight, volume production and lower costs.
*1 An acronym for “quality, cost, delivery, safety and environment.”
    030 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 031
Business Overview by Segment

 Contributing to abundant people's living, society and environment by providing plastics with superior functionality.
Director Managing Executive Officer
Takashi Kobayashi
 Fiscal 2020 segment business performance ● Revenue
 ¥78.583 billion
● Business profit ¥6.613 billion
Year on year
Up 10.4
Year on year
Up 18.8
%
%
01. Product development and service enhancement with the customer’s intentions in mind
・Response to consumption trends under the COVID-19 pandemic
02. Acceleration of SDG-contributing product development
・Business oriented toward environmental and social issues
03. Globalization of the films and sheets business
・Expanded market share in China
04. Focus on generating synergies with Kawasumi Laboratories
・Focus on R&D of specially controlled medical devices (Classes III & IV)
05. Rapid commercialization of biotechnology- related products with high added value
06. Enhanced sales expansion through DX
Strengths
・High market share in each niche market
・Accumulated technologies
for polymer design, microfabrication and assembly
・Polarization, optical control technology
・Sales activities with CS first
 TOPIC
Through our films and sheets business, our aim is to expand the market for skin packaging, which contributes to reductions in food loss by prolonging the use- by dates and delicious freshness of meats. In the field of packaging materials, we are introducing new environment-responsive products by using biomass plastics, reducing waste volume, switching to mono-materials, etc. In the field of healthcare, we plan to bring to market a succession of medical devices featuring minimal invasiveness. While remaining aware of SDGs, we will continue to manufacture products that are kind to people, society and the environment.
Remaining strongly aware of SDGs while focusing effort on manufacturing products chosen by consumers and society
 Promoting the introduction of environment- responsive products in packaging materials for food, pharmaceutical, etc.
Opportunities
・Aging, healthy and long-life society
・Advancement of medical care and expansion of minimally invasive treatments
・Crucial importance of early diagnosis
・Food safety, environmental orientation
・Recovery of the Chinese market from the COVID-19 pandemic
Weaknesses
・High dependence on domestic market
・Maturity of the building materials market
Threats
・Intensified competition in markets for main products
・Prolonged development, approval and licensing of medical devices
・Shortage of experienced, skilled construction personnel
・Orientation toward plastic reduction in daily living
・Difficulty discovering new customers due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Business Overview by Segment
  Primary SDG targets
Strategic products
Aortal stent graft In-vitro diagnostics skin packaging Optical-related products for mobility equipment such as automotive head-up
display
While responding to changes in society and people's living, ■improving product development and services
 Quality of Life Products
     ■A review of fiscal 2020
The four businesses that combine to form this segment produced aggregate increases in both revenue
and profit, although performance by business division was uneven. The films and sheets business quickly established a remote work structure, achieving increased revenue and profit without slackening its speed of sales and development. Both healthcare (medical devices and bio-related products) and industrial functional materials businesses suffered reduced revenue due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections, while also maintaining profit due to cost-cutting. The waterproofing-related business saw declines in both revenue and profits due in part to reduced numbers of domestic housing starts and postponement of construction projects.
Developing future mainstay business of this segment with identifying ■industrial trends at recovery
SWOT analysis
Business strategy overview for fiscal 2021
As one of the future visions of this segment, we set a target of making the films and sheets business global. Given the fact that telework is expanding worldwide, the PC, server and semiconductor markets are expected to maintain their favorable tone, as 5G smartphones also achieve robust business performance. Having emerged early on from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chinese market in particular is expected to provide opportunities for accelerated expansion in the areas of industrial and medical sheets and films by bringing to the market new products that are a good fit with local needs.
In the healthcare business as well, the synergy in our medical devices business generated by the consolidation with Kawasumi Laboratories is aimed at increasing our market presence. Moving forward, we plan to pursue R&D primarily on specially controlled medical devices (Classes
III & IV), which are less susceptible to redemption price declines. In biotechnology-related business, we have set a course for unified management of the S-BIO Business Division and the Bio&Science Research Laboratory, which were established in April 2021, with SB Bioscience. While establishing a structure for rapid commercialization of products with high added value, our objective is to expand business operations by generating demand with the momentum created by the Japanese government’s medium-term plan for a bio-economy.
With no conclusion to the COVID-19 pandemic currently in sight, it appears quite likely that sales activities will be limited for some time. In particular, since the face-to- face sales work involved in discovering new customers is expected to remain in difficulty, we will focus effort on expanding sales through DX.
Many items in this segment are related to people’s daily living and health, including medical, food and home products, and are not readily impacted by external factors such as the global economy. In addition, domestic sales represent about 90% of gross sales in this segment, and the industrial sector is also broad in scope, so that from an overall perspective the impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections was not great.
At the same time, the COVID-19 pandemic provided an occasion to revise business models. This segment contains a blend of BtoB and BtoC business models. Conventionally, there were many cases in which a different strategy had
been established for each. Last fiscal year, however, the declaration of a state of emergency had the effect of disrupting the overall economy, and changes in the behavior patterns of business partners and consumers made it necessary to rethink our business strategies, even those for BtoB operations, in light of BtoC operations. Amid the major changes in society and people's living, we believe that the key to future business growth is in product development and service enhancement with the customer’s intentions in mind, as well as finding an overall approach to business that is in tune with global-scale issues and social problems.
    032 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 033
Business Overview by Segment

  R&D / Intellectual Property
  R&D
Innovation with SDGs in mind, advancing development of innovative ■products and technologies with strong competitive advantages
Intellectual Property
By advancing intellectual property strategy,
■we aim to boost business competitiveness and corporate value
 Our Group has decided to incorporate, as a component of our corporate policies, the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations in 2015 to realize a sustainable world. We have clarified our priority areas for SDGs, and are advancing the necessary measures on a Company-wide scale. In terms of R&D, we are advancing the development of innovative products and technologies with strong competitive advantages through innovation that is mindful of SDGs in the three creative domains: highly integrated devices, automotive and aircraft, and healthcare. We are undertaking these efforts not just in response to clearly evident needs involved in solving social issues, but also to address potential needs.
Optical Interconnection Business Development Department, the Carbon Materials Development Project Team, and the Corporate Engineering Center that supports these units with production technology development. These are the research and development activities by which our Company responds promptly to trends in each market of its core business domains: (1) semiconductor materials, (2) high-performance plastics and (3) quality of life products. This fiscal year, our Circuitry with Optical Interconnection Business Development Department, a corporate department, developed and placed on the market a polymer waveguide component for photoelectric sensors.
We also established overseas research and development sites comprising a corporate department site in the United States, information & telecommunication materials-related sites in China, Taiwan and Singapore, and high-performance plastics- related sites in the United States, Canada, Belgium, Spain, China and Indonesia. These sites will partner closely with our organizations in Japan while responding to global market needs.
The aim of our intellectual property activities is to contribute to improving corporate value by promoting our intellectual property strategy in a cohesive manner together with our business strategy and R&D strategy. We have set forth contributing to improving our business competitiveness through the use of intellectual property (rights) as a medium-term target for achieving this.
In responding to the globalization of R&D, we are working with each of our overseas subsidiaries on arrangements to establish their regulations regarding intellectual property (regulations on employee inventions and confidential information management), as well as rules on how to handle inventions when they emerge.
The structure of our Group’s R&D activities includes our
Advanced Materials Research Laboratory responsible for
medium- to long-term research of new products and the
component technologies they require. It also includes several
units responsible for researching commercialization of new
products and responses to market requirements, as well as
improvements to current products. These are the Information
& Telecommunication Materials Research Laboratory, the High
Performance Plastic Technology Development Laboratory, the
Films & Sheets Research Laboratory, the Industrial Functional (Millions of yen) Materials Research Laboratory, and the Healthcare Research 12,000 Laboratory at our subsidiary Akita Sumitomo Bakelite Co.,
● Activities related to intellectual property
01. Strengthening our business competitiveness by drafting and executing intellectual
property strategies for the major products from each of our business divisions
02. Strengthening our intellectual property competitiveness by drafting and executing intellectual property strategies for major themes from each research laboratory
03. Clarifying our response to intellectual property risks and reducing business risks
04. Carrying on with preventative legal approaches that support business scenarios and
research scenarios and implementing proposal-based preventative legal approaches
05. Establishing an intellectual property management structure for our Company Group as a whole (particularly for overseas subsidiaries)
06.Contributing to improvement of business competitiveness through IP landscape implementation
 ● R&D expenses
10,235 10,338 10,363
   Ltd. Other components of our Group R&D structure include a body established through the merger with Kawasumi Laboratories to advance research and development of next- generation medical devices, comprising the Circuitry with
9,000 6,000 3,000
0
10,448
9,659
10,053
   2020 (FY) Bio&Science Research Laboratory established to strengthen quality of life
■materials development
As part of our Group’s biotechnology-related business
restructuring, we established our Bio&Science Research Laboratory within our Kobe Facility Office. Our objective in gathering our operations for the growing biotechnology market in this one location is to maximize synergy. This makes it possible to unify management of the antibody
● Number of domestic patents published science, cultivation vessel, glycan and micro-channel (No.)
● Share of patents held by each business division (as of March 31, 2021)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
technologies which have been among our strengths. It will 500
enable us to accelerate basic development of new diagnostic 400 pharmaceuticals and unique diagnostic systems, as well as 341 materials development in the quality of life business field 300 (molecular, design, synthesis, etc.).
276
2017
311
2018
282
2019
311
2020 (FY)
Corporate 15%
Quality of Life Products
36%
Semiconductor Materials
37%
High-performance
Plastics
12%
    200 Developing products truly sought by customers and welcomed by society, and the technologies required to create them 100
 ● R&D responsive to social and customer needs
Ideas from priority areas Worldwide needs = ideas from ultimate potential needs 0
2016
       Highly integrated devices
Automotive and aircraft
Priority SDG areas 6+1
    Healthcare
01. Verification of market growth rate × market size
02. Interviews & verification with customers in collaboration with related departments 03. Competitive advantage function = clarify appealing points of each product
Rapidly conceptualize and plan research themes, leading to commercialization
034 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 035
R&D/Intellectual Property

ESG Initiatives
 Promoting Business That Helps Solve Social Issues
Field
Materiality item
Related stakeholders
Page number
 Issues related to ensuring harmony with environment
 VISION
Aiming to become “a company that makes your dreams for
the future a reality”
E
S
In order to fulfill our responsibility as a member of society as we meet stakeholder expectations, it is necessary that we think together as one about healthy, sustainable corporate growth and medium-term increase in corporate value. At Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd., we proactively engage in management with consideration for ESG through business operations that create new advanced functions from plastics.
■Solving social issues through business
The Basic Philosophy (Company Policy) of the Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Group is that: “Our Company places prime importance on trust and sureness, and shall commit itself to contributing to the progress of society and enhancement of people’s welfare and livelihood through its business activities.” In keeping with this, our Group has helped solve social issues that have arisen from time to time by expanding the potential of plastics through technological innovation. Based on this thinking, we engage in ESG management in order to help solve social issues, defining our materialities as “issues related to ensuring harmony with environment,” “issues related to providing safety and peace of mind,” “issues impacting society,” and “issues representing the foundation of business activities.”
■Materiality determination process
In fiscal 2015, we identified our Company’s materiality (priority items) in order to determine the social issues we should address and to carry out sustainability activities closely in tune with the needs and expectations of stakeholders in an integrated manner on a Company-wide basis. In fiscal 2016 and beyond, we have been reviewing and will continue to review the materiality we have identified, and continue to carry out activities.
 Issues related to providing safety and peace of mind
Issues impacting society
 Issues representing the foundation of business activities
Mitigate environmental impacts
Resource and energy conservation
Safety and security
Chemical substance management
Product liability
Biodiversity conservation
Improving stakeholder satisfaction
Human resource development
Diversity, work-life balance
 1 Identification Select issues by referring
to the GRI(Global Reporting Initiative)’s fourth generation Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (G4), ISO 26000, and other international guidelines on the basis of our previous sustainability activities.
2 Prioritization Evaluate the selected
issues in terms of their impact on our Group and stakeholders, and select 14 items that
are of particularly high priority through internal consultations.
Confirmation of 3 Validity
Hold hearings with departments within the company regarding the 14 high priority items and narrow these down to 11. Then verify these with external experts and confirm their validity at our internal Responsible Care Committee.
4 Review Promote sustainability
activities based on the materiality of these 11 items, and have external experts and employees review the contents of said activities. Harness the results of these reviews to report and plan future activities.
Initiatives for Fiscal 2016 and Beyond
Go through the PDCA cycle based on the materiality items. Also, move forward with arranging the relevance between materiality and our business activities (provision of value) and the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) and entrench this within the company. Then analyze any gaps by referring to the GRI Standards.
G
    CSR procurement
Compliance
Local communities, business partners
Business partners, employees
Local communities, governments, business partners, employees
Business partners, governments, employees
▶Page 55
Customers
Local communities ▶Page 72
Customers, shareholders/investors, local communities, governments business partners, employees
Employees ▶Pages 65 to 68
Employees
Business partners
Employees
▶Pages 44 to 51
▶Pages 46 to 50
▶Pages 52 to 54
▶Pages 56 to 58
▶Pages 59 to 75
▶Pages 61 to 65
▶Page 85 ▶Pages 83 and 84
 Relations with Stakeholders
* See pages 42-43 for the activity details of each materiality item. * Page related to “Web Full Report Version”.
■Main Methods of Communication
● Training of all employees through the SB School
● Perform a variety of human resources development and training
● Corporate-level meetings, labor-management meetings,
occupational safety meetings
● Sharing of information through publication of a monthly newsletter
● President’s homepage and intranet
● Whistleblower system, consultation
  ■Main Responsibilities
We work in good faith to live up to its responsibilities related to such issues as product quality, delivery dates,
and prices as well as to quickly respond to customer needs. To achieve this, we have established the CS Committee, which continuously endeavors to enhance customer satisfaction.
We are committed to distributing appropriate dividends and is taking steps to disclose all relevant information. To attain these goals, we are increasing the rigor of corporate governance, and ensuring the timely disclosure of relevant information.
Operating as a member of local communities, we seek to contribute to the regions in which it operates while giving careful consideration to environmental protection issues. We disclose information to local residents by organizing factory tours and proactively participating in local events.
Besides maintaining rigorous compliance with relevant laws and regulations, we endeavor to make information publicly available and engage in two-way communication with local government entities.
For this purpose, we are establishing internal mechanisms for monitoring the revision and enactment of laws.
We engage in impartial and fair business transactions and cooperates with our business partners to realize CSR procurement objectives. Accordingly, we maintain day-to-day dialog with business partners to confirm the propriety of transactions and clarify the terms of contracts.
We strive to create safe and pleasant working environments and provide employees with meaningful and satisfying careers. We are endeavoring to reduce workplace risks by implementing diverse risk assessments, and we are providing all employees with educational opportunities through the SB School.
● Communication through the conduct of daily business ●●
Quality assurance support Exchange of information through trade shows, etc. ● Provision of information through our website and customer support.
  Customers
  Shareholders
  Local Communities
  Government Entities
  Business Partners
  Employees
    contact point
● Engagement through purchasing and procurement activities
● Engagement through surveys and questionnaires
● Disclosure of information on our website
Employees
Business Partners
Customers
Our Group
Government Entities
Shareholders
Local Communities
● General shareholders' meeting
● Presentation of financial results and
business outlook
● Media response
● Publishing of Annual Report and
business reports for shareholders
● Information disclosure via the website
● Relations with local residents and mutual engagement
● Participation in local events
● Acceptance of next-generation
internships and site visits
● Participation in the conservation of the
local environment and beautification
events
● Activities via economic and industry
organizations
            036 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
● Engagement with local and regional governments
● Activities and engagement through economic and
industry organizations
● Reply to surveys and questionnaires
●
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 037
Submission of notifications
     Environment Society Governance
         
ESG Initiatives
  Sustainability Promotion Structure
■Sustainability promotion initiatives
Today, initiatives aimed at realizing a sustainable society are gathering speed around the world and the role of companies in these initiatives is increasing. Amidst this, the SDGs are a universal set of goals that both developing and developed countries are working to achieve. Japan, too, is advancing proactive efforts toward the SDGs.
Our Group has incorporated SDGs as one component of our corporate policies. We are aware of the influences that our corporate activities have on society, and of our social responsibilities. In order to meet these responsibilities, we propose, deliberate and decide on measures that contribute to the formation of a sustainable society, including those involving SDGs. We have established our Sustainability Promotion Committee in order to execute these efforts continuously and Company-wide, and have created our Basic Policy on Sustainability Promotion, under which we have begun a variety of initiatives with partnerships throughout our whole group. In strengthening our initiatives with respect to climate change, we have formulated Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero), adding SDG 13 on taking specific measures against climate change to our Group’s priority SDGs, increasing our priority areas from “5+1” to “6+1”.
The committee passed a resolution of agreement with TCFD, and we have begun responding accordingly.
In addition, we will further promote our carbon neutral (CN) initiatives in the future. In July 2021, we reorganized the
● Sustainability Promotion Structure
Environmental Impact Reduction Committee into the Carbon Neutrality Promotion Committee to strengthen and promote carbon neutrality.
At the same time, the Energy Conservation Subcommittee was reorganized into the CN Technology Review Subcommittee in order to promote activities that contribute to CN and to conduct more specialized research and studies on technologies that contribute to CN.
And moreover, we continue to pursue efforts with regard to corporate social responsibility (CSR) primarily through responsible care*1 initiatives centering on our Responsible Care Committee and Carbon Neutrality Promotion Committee. From our Corporate Management Department to our Research & Development Departments and each business site, we are engaged in a range of initiatives through Company-wide partnerships. Given the inseparable relationship between sustainability and CSR (because it
is through executing our corporate activities while keeping mindful of sustainability that we fulfill our corporate social responsibilities), our Group intends to improve sustainability by undertaking various CSR activities contributing to SDGs.
SDG Promotion Committee*3
Risk Management Committee
Information Security Committee
  ● Propose, deliberate and decide on measures that contribute to the formation of a sustainable society
● Determination of items and figures to be disclosed to the public
● Certification of SDG-contributing products, technologies, and activities ● Approval of plans of activities of subcommittees
         Responsible Care Committee*4
Carbon Neutrality Promotion
Committee*5 (reorganized July 2021)
Compliance Committee
    ■Basic Philosophy for Promoting Sustainability
Life Cycle Subcommittee
CN Technology Review
Subcommittee (reorganized July 2021)
  Group-wide Structure
Structure at each Business Site
Managers
 Corporate Management Services
● Corporate General Affairs Div.
● Personnel Div.
● Global Procurement Div.
 Production Technology Development
● Corporate Engineering Center
 Production Management
● Corporate SBPS Planning & Promotion Dept. of Corporate Production Management & Engineering Div.
● Corporate EHS Promotion Dept. of Corporate Production Management & Engineering Div.
● Corporate Quality Assurance Promotion Dept. of Corporate Production Management & Engineering Div.
 Research and
Development
● R&D Planning and Promotion Dept. of Corporate Research & Development Div.
● Intellectual Property Dept. of Corporate Research & Development Div.
● Research Laboratories
 Information Activities
● R&D Planning and Promotion Dept. of Corporate Research & Development Div.
● Intellectual Property Dept. of Corporate Research & Development Div.
● S.B. Research
● S.B. Information System
 Recycling
● S.B. Recycle
  We solve social issues and achieve sustainable growth and value creation under a structure comprised of our Sustainability Promotion Committee (which is chaired by the President) and its subcommittees based on our Business Philosophy, which esteems the Sumitomo’s Business Philosophy and sets forth our management principles.
We regularly and comprehensively verify the extent of the progress made by these committees, based on which we continuously revise the contents of our activities and actively improve upon them. We widely announce the results of our activities within the company and outside it in aiming for communication with our stakeholders.
■Policy on Responsible Care Activities of the Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Group
In all its operations, Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. will contribute to the sustainable development of society while promoting business activities by meeting the highest standards of the Responsible Care concept and giving due consideration to environmental preservation, human health and safety as well as product quality.
1. Evaluate the safety, health, and environmental aspects throughout the entire life cycle of a product, from product design to the procurement of raw materials through disposal, strive to minimize the environmental impact of our corporate activities, and undertake to develop safer products and technologies;
2. Makesustained,Group-wideeffortstopromoteresourceandenergyconservation,wastereductionandbiodiversityconservation;
3. Perform Environmental, Safety & Health Audit and Quality Assurance Audit as well as work to maintain and improve systems for managing environmental protection, safety promotion and disaster prevention, worker safety and health, and quality management;
4. Comply with all relevant laws, regulations and agreements associated with safety, health, the environment, and chemicals while autonomously establishing administrative rules with the aim of strengthening management capacity, so as to improve environmental, health and safety conditions for society, customers, and employees;
5. Work to ensure and improve the safety of raw materials, products, transportation operations and process safety, and provide product safety information to employees, customers, and others;
6. Promote continuous improvement in security over facilities, processes and technologies, and implement operational safety management programs to ensure the safety and health of employees and residents of local communities;
7. Publicly disclose information on the environment, safety and products to and promote dialog with interested parties such as customers, employees and residents of local communities, so as to identify their needs and deepen mutual understanding and trusting relationships;
8. In order to ensure environmental conservation, human health and safety as well as product quality, provide employees with training to develop necessary human resources for that end.
Philosophy
Policy
038 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 039
President
 Sustainability Promotion Committee*2
*1 Responsible care means that companies should work to secure the environment, safety, and health in all of their corporate activities from the development of chemical substances through production, distribution, usage, final consumption, disposal, and recycling. They should also make information publicly available on the results of their activities and implement measures to promote dialog and communication with the community (Japan Chemical Industry Association).
*2 The Sustainability Promotion Committee is a committee headed by the President, the committee is composed of directors and division representative and meets about once every 2-3 months.
*3 Chaired by the officer overseeing the Corporate Production Management & Engineering Div., the committee consists of members selected from each business division and meets once a month.
*4 Chaired by the officer overseeing the Corporate Production Management & Engineering Div., this committee meets twice each year. It has the objective of promoting Responsible Care activities related to the Company’s business operations. It has the objective of promoting Responsible Care activities related to the Company’s business operations.
*5 Chaired by the officer overseeing the Corporate Production Management & Engineering Div., this committee has two subcommittees—the Life Cycle Subcommittee and
CN Technology Review Subcommittee. It meets once or twice each year. Its goals are to strengthen and promote our Group's carbon neutral approach.
Corporate Management Services
● General Affairs Departments
● Environment Control
Departments
 Other Activities
● Units responsible for specific initiatives
 Dialog with Local Communities
● General Affairs
Departments
● Environment Control
Departments
ESG Initiatives

ESG Initiatives
  Highlights of Fiscal 2020 Sustainability Activities
Our Company Group aims to deliver safety and peace of mind as well as achieve harmony with the environment and coexistence with society.
We are working to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society by resolving various issues facing society through our businesses, including energy issues and environmental issues, linking all our activities to the SDGs. Toward that end, we carry out activities focused on social issues and businesses in need of attention in a steady manner while establishing plans and targets.
○: Target attained △: Target not attained (but improvement over the previous fiscal year) ▼: Target not attained (deterioration from the previous fiscal year)
59
       Area of activities
Relevant SDGs
Major items
Fiscal 2020 targets
● Continue to conduct e-learning programs and to organize product study sessions. Widening targets for cross-divisional activities for a broader scope of action, improving ability to serve customers
Fiscal 2020 results
Fiscal 2021 plan
Achievement evaluation
Related page*3
     Issues impacting society
● E-learning was held in Japan
and overseas, as well as product study sessions and digitalization information sharing sessions for the COVID-19 pandemic, improving ability to serve customers
● Together with e-learning and product study sessions, continue cross-divisional activities
            Improvement of customer satisfaction
● Develop and update contents for information dissemination tools through a wide range of media including external advertising, billboards, and websites
● Continued to provide support for the Japan Inclusive Football Federation, which the company signed a partnership agreement with
● Develop and update contents for information dissemination tools through a wide range of media including external advertising, billboards, and websites
○
            Communicating corporate information, advertising
● Provide Company-wide support for social contribution activities
● Continue to carry out employee training at SB School*2
● Provide Company-wide support for social contribution activities
○
            +
SDG-contributing product development
● Expand the ratio of revenue from SDG-contributing product, technology sales
  (fiscal 2021: 30%)
● Expanded the ratio of revenue from SDG-contributing product, technology sales
  Fiscal 2019 26.0% ⇒ Fiscal 2020 37.2%
● Expand the ratio of revenue from SDG-contributing product, technology sales
  Fiscal 2023 50% or greater
● Continue to carry out employee training at SB School*2
○
            Internal human resource development
● Carry out education for management staff
● Increase the share of women hired for main career track to 20% or more
● About 20,965 employees took part, representing about 30,300 hours
of training
● Ratio of women hirees: 19.35% (6 of 31 hires recruited upon graduation)
● Continue to carry out education for management staff
● Continue a ratio of female career- track recruits of 20% or greater
○
            Women’s empowerment
● Employment rate of people with disabilities: maintain at 2.2% level
● Discuss effective measures
to reduce overtime work and disseminate them throughout the company
● Carried out unconscious bias education for newly appointed management staff
● Employment rate of people with disabilities: 2.64% (From March 2021, the statutory employment rate was set to increase to 2.3%)
○
            Employment of people with disabilities
  (From April 2021, the statutory employment rate is set to increase to 2.3%)
● Internships accepted from schools for the deaf (2 internes from 2 schools)
● Employment rate of people with disabilities: maintain over 2.3% level
● Continue internships for people with disabilities
○
          Work style reform
● Promote work style reforms through he adoption of working from home
● Follow up on resolution of long work hours through assessing overtime work
● Continue implementing the Data Health Plan (preventing the worsening of illnesses) (in our Company and certain Group Companies in Japan)
● A 100% rate of returning to work after taking childcare leave or nursing care leave (In fiscal 2020 people who took childcare leave: 7; people who took nursing care leave: 1)
● Continued efforts to prevent illnesses from becoming severe
● Continue to support work with both childcare & nursing care
● Shorten prescribed work hours for employees working during
daytime hours
  ● Childcare and child nursing leave established in hourly increments
● Formal implementation of work-from- home system at all business sites completed as of January 1, 2021
● Average number of work hours: 1,801 hr. (▲40 hr. year on year)
● Continue implementing the Data Health Plan (preventing the worsening of illnesses) (in our Company and certain Group Companies in Japan)
○
            Promoting employee health
● Achieve a 100% rate of employees receiving regular scheduled health checks
● Achieved a 100% rate of employees receiving regular scheduled health checks
● Subsidy system for outpatient smoking cessation treatment used (1 employee successfully quit smoking)
● Continue to achieve a 100% rate of employees receiving regular scheduled health checks
● Promote the subsidy system for outpatient smoking cessation treatment
○
     Issues representing the foundation of business activities
● Confirm BCP measures with respect to suppliers in areas at high risk for typhoons and flooding. If any inadequacies emerge, meet and discuss them
● We administered a BCP survey on typhoon and flooding disaster risk among 57 of our major domestic suppliers located in areas of forecast flood hazard, and confirmed the completion of BCP measures with all of them
        Practice of CSR procurement
● Prepare initiatives and plans to reduce CO2 emissions, including our suppliers. Conduct surveys on the status of initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions on our major overseas suppliers as well
● Promote activities that raise awareness of compliance (including prevention of bribery and cartels, security export control, and protection of personal information)
● We administered surveys on the status of initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions among 48 of our main domestic and overseas suppliers. Four remaining companies lacked plans with CO2 reduction targets
● During Awareness Month, October 2020, we spread information on our Group's Code of Business Ethics and Conduct and Whistleblower System, and made revisions to our Articles for Emphasis in Compliance
● Conduct additional surveys
to determine whether BCP measures for typhoons and flooding are also effective against earthquake, fire, pandemic and other risks
 ● Continue to request that the four companies lacking CO2 reduction target plans establish targets
● Continue the system to achieve green power
○
          Practice of compliance
● Overhaul and promote the use of our Internal Whistleblower System (expand the eligible users out to include stakeholders other than executive officers and employees)
● Raised awareness on a monthly basis through the internal publication of a four-panel comic
● Revisions were made in August 2021 to our Group’s Whistleblower System. We expanded the eligible users out
to include stakeholders other than executive officers and employees
● Establish a Bribery Compliance Program (formulation of a Group-wide bribery prevention policy, etc.)
 ● Promote compliance education activities (reporting on revisions to our Group’s Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, Whistleblower System and Articles for Emphasis in Compliance, newsletter and various e-learning education opportunities)
○
       ● In Japan, we reduced energy usage by 1,535 kL of crude oil equivalent after implementing specific proposals. Overseas, we reduced energy usage by 2,270 kL
in crude oil equivalent by continuing to promote the rollout of best practices
● As in fiscal 2020, continue to provide technical support by establishing an energy conservation plan and raising the level of energy-saving technology
by sharing information across all our business sites in Japan, and to achieve this overseas by promoting the rollout of best practices through collaboration between the mother plants in Japan and offices throughout the company
60
・
73
・
74
 Area of activities
 Relevant SDGs
 Major items
  Fiscal 2020 targets
 Fiscal 2020 results
  Fiscal 2021 plan
  Achievement evaluation
  Related page*3
Issues related to ensuring harmony with environment
   Reduction in CO2 emissions (compared with fiscal 2005)
Reduction in material loss (compared with fiscal 2005)
Reduction in chemical substance emissions (compared with fiscal 2005) (overseas: compared with fiscal 2010)
Prevention of industrial accidents
Security and disaster prevention
In Japan: 43% reduction Overseas: 17% reduction In Japan: 34% reduction Overseas: 61% reduction In Japan: 79% reduction
Overseas: 60% reduction
Major accidents: in japan: 0
Major accidents: overseas: 0
Major accidents (fires/explosions): 0 Leakage-related incidents: 0
In Japan: 45% reduction Overseas: 23% reduction In Japan: 34% reduction Overseas: 60% reduction In Japan: 75% reduction
Overseas: 53% reduction
Major accidents: in japan: 0
Major accidents: overseas: 0
Major accidents (fires/explosions): 0 Leakage-related incidents: 0
In Japan: 45% reduction ○ 47 Overseas: 23% reduction ○ 47 In Japan: 38% reduction ○ 47 Overseas: 60% reduction 47 In Japan: 78% reduction 47
Overseas: 54% reduction 47
45
Major accidents: in japan: 0 ○ 53 Major accidents: overseas: 0 ○ 54 Major accidents (fires/explosions): 0 ○ 53 Leakage-related incidents: 0 ○ ・54
55
58
72
73
18
    ・
     19
・
    45
               65
・
66 63
63
                *1 SDS: Acrynym for Safety Data Sheet. This sheet contains the safety information regarding chemical substances, and is attached with products on their delivery to other businesses. *2 SB School is an internal educational institute for all employees, from new recruits to corporate officers.
*3 Page related to “Web Full Report Version”.
040 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 041
● As in fiscal 2019, continue to provide technical support by establishing an energy conservation plan and raising the level
of energy-saving technology by sharing information across all our business sites
in Japan, and to achieve this overseas by promoting the rollout of best practices through collaboration between the mother plants in Japan and offices throughout the company
      Energy conservation activities
○
   Issues related to providing safety and peace of mind
 64
・
65
69
85
  Chemical substance management
● Strengthen our management system: The new system began operation in October 2020
● In Japan: Carry out in six business sites under our direct control/belonging to subsidiary companies
● Although the new system was behind schedule, it began operation in January 2021. Complied with the South Korean Occupational Safety and Health Act, SDS*1 revision, etc., and began in January 2021. Monitoring of overseas laws and regulations is also under way
● Strengthen our management system: Establishment of chemical substance qualitative & quantitative measurement function, labeling system
           ● Promote legal & regulatory compliance in each country: K-REACH, SDS*1 revision, compliance with existing Taiwanese substance registration, etc
● Promote legal & regulatory compliance in each country: Information monitoring and policy formulation for countries planning to introduce new chemical substance reporting systems, including Thailand and Vietnam
○
        Overseas: Specify and implement priority business sites in China and Southeast Asia, as well as North America and Europe
● Raise the level of auditing proficiency by dividing internal auditing leader education into steps: Division auditors → education as internal auditing leaders, leaders → education for internal auditors
● In Japan: Carryied out in six business sites our direct control/belonging to subsidiary companies
  Overseas: Due to the impact of COVID-19, self-auditing carried out with eight business sites in China and Southeast Asia, as well as North America and Europe
● We established and implemented an educational plan in order to strengthen education for internal auditors by dividing into finely differentiated steps the process starting before internal auditing and proceeding beyond division audits
● In Japan: Nine business sites under our direct control/belonging to subsidiary companies
     ‘Monozukuri’ Audit
  Overseas: Specify and implement priority business sites in China and Southeast Asia, as well as North America and Europe
● We will follow up on whether the proper daily routine activities are being maintained
● Place emphasis on raising the level
at which we uncover genuine issues through internal auditing, we have begun carrying remote auditing trials to facilitate the implementation of division audits as needed (determining the subject business sites)
○
   Issues Impacting Society
● Continue with self-led conservation activities
● Continue to support forest thinning mainly in Iwate Prefecture through the use of Paper Products that Contribute to Forest Thinning (Forest Neighborhood Association)
● Promote conservation through voluntary activities (maintenance by the relevant parties) and site-wide activities (beautification activities within business sites)
● Contributed to thinning of 0.40ha of forest by using 5,976kg of paper from the Forest Neighborhood Association
● Continue with self-led conservation activities
         Biotope
● Continue to be open to the public and communicating externally, as well as regular meetings with schools
● Opening to the general public had to be halted to prevent the spread of COVID-19 infections, and visitors from the general public totaled only 33
● Due to ongoing dialogue with schools, 130 schoolchildren visited on school excursions. Also, based on requests from three schools, visiting guest lessons were presented to a total of 296 schoolchildren in 10 classes)
● Continue to be open to the public and communicating externally, as well as regular meetings with schools
● Continue to support forest thinning mainly in Iwate Prefecture through the use of Paper Products that Contribute to Forest Thinning (Forest Neighborhood Association)
○
           Initiative to protect forest ecosystems
○
       83
 ・
84
▲
▲ ▽
ESG Initiatives
7. Improving stakeholder satisfaction 8. Human resource development
9. Diversity, work-life balance 10. CSR procurement 11. Compliance
1. Mitigate environmental impacts 2. Resource and energy 3. Safety and security conservation
4. Chemical substance 5. Product liability 6. Biodiversity conservation management

  ESG Initiatives
Details on environmental initiatives are available on pages 44 to 51 of the Full Online Version.
Environment
Our Group Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero)
Environmental Management Structure
 Our Group relies upon the earth’s natural resources and energy in order to do business. However, doing business will generate garbage and air and water emissions. For this reason, we believe it is important for our Group to adhere to environmental laws and regulations, conduct business in an environmentally friendly manner, and engage in initiatives that reduce the environmental impact on the entire society through our products and services.
In fiscal 2018 our Group established a plan with medium- to long-term targets ending in fiscal 2030, and has been promoting activities based on this. However, considering the environmental issues that have become more severe recently, we thought it necessary to advance activities from a more long-term perspective, and have announced Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero) which ends with 2050.
Since then, due to the government’s “2050 Carbon Neutral Declaration” and subsequent presentation of its target of reducing GHG by 46% (compared to fiscal 2013) by 2030, we performed a revision based on the new standards and set 2050 as our target for taking on the challenge of carbon neutrality,
● Environmental Vision for 2050 (net zero) 01. Strive to achieve zero CO2 emissions
(Scope 1 and 2) by 2050.
● Reduce CO2 emissions via energy conservation activities, MFCA activities, and improving process efficiency
● Increase the share of our energy from renewable sources by getting a grasp of the electric power conditions in each country
and 2030 for a 46% reduction in CO2 emissions (compared to fiscal 2013).
● Taking on the challenge of zero CO2 emissions 250
Business Site Energy Conservation Committee
Our Group aims to contribute to the sustainable development of society through our environmental conservation efforts as a whole group based on our Policy on Responsible Care Activities.
To actively work toward carbon neutrality, conserve biodiversity, and prevent soil and groundwater pollution, our Responsible Care Committee and Carbon Neutrality Promotion Committee take the lead in checking compliance with environmental laws and regulations as well as conducting environmental assessments throughout the entire life cycle, from R&D to raw materials procurement, production, sales and final disposal. They also promote activities that contribute to carbon neutrality and advance studies and deliberation of technologies that make a contribution. Based on the results, each workplace and work site take appropriate actions.
● Environmental Management Structure President
Sustainability Promotion Committee
Responsible Care Committee
Carbon Neutrality Promotion Committee
Life Cycle Subcommittee
CN technology Review Subcommittee
* The above system diagram is only an excerpt of our committees related to environmental management. See pages 38 and 39 for details.
     Climate Change Project efforts: agreement to TCFD expressed
02.
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050 (year)
Contribute to reducing CO2, including along supply chains.
● Develop products that factor in reducing CO2 throughout their life cycle
(Improve efficiency, reduce weight, lengthen service lives, recycle, switch to mono-material design, etc.: Use LCA)
● We will work together with our supply chain
200 150 100
50 0
Previous target
2030 (target)
46% reduction
2°C Target
Activities of the Carbon Neutrality promotion Committee
Reference year: 2013
1.5°C Target
WB2°C Target
Net zero
In order to further strengthen and promote future efforts toward carbon neutrality (CN), the Environmental Impact Reduction Committee was reorganized as the Carbon Neutrality Promotion Committee in July 2021. Together with this change, the Energy Conservation Subcommittee, a subordinate organization, was reorganized as the CN Technology Deliberation Subcommittee.
The Environmental Impact Reduction Committee has recapped each year’s progress toward medium- to long- term environmental targets at the end of the fiscal year and then determined the targets for the following fiscal year. It has carried out its activities with the approval of the Sustainability Promotion Committee, which serves as its parent body. Moving forward, as the Carbon Neutrality Promotion Committee, it will take action toward achieving carbon neutrality together with the subordinate Life Cycle Subcommittee and CN Technology Deliberation Subcommittee.
The Life Cycle Subcommittee aims to establish production systems with minimal environmental impacts through scientific, quantitative, and objective assessments of environmental impacts, from the R&D phase onward, under the Policy on Responsible Care Activities. The subcommittee is moving forward with its activities under its set target of ensuring that 25% of its researchers are capable of performing life cycle assessments (LCA) at all research and development departments and instituting energy conservation on their own by fiscal 2022 by continuing to foster said researchers and developers. Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, all LCA-related education was conducted in online formats during fiscal 2020.
In fiscal 2021, the Life Cycle Subcommittee will work to enhance educational opportunities, horizontally deploy LCA evaluations on baseline products, and expand items on which LCA evaluations have been carried out for SDG- contributing products. Moving forward, they will make preparations to enable the speedy supply of LCA-related information on all products.
The Energy Conservation Subcommittee worked to establish, across all business sites in Japan, a mechanism for continuously soliciting and trying out ideas for saving energy through such means as voluntary implementation initiatives in business sites. In fiscal 2020, the subcommittee
successfully reduced energy consumption by as much as 1,535 kL (59,487 GJ) in crude oil equivalent, or 2,962t-CO2, compared with fiscal 2019, primarily by reducing city gas and electricity consumption. Furthermore, the subcommittee established and successfully achieved targets by carrying out unique activities to conserve electricity in the summer and winter months. Outside of Japan, the subcommittee worked to ensure a similar level of activities as in Japan and continued to promote the roll out of activity methods and best practices.
In fiscal 2021, in line with the objectives of the CN Promotion Committee, the CN Technology Review Subcommittee will formulate and work toward the latest 2030 targets, and will continue efforts aimed at achieving energy consumption reduction plans at the workplace level. In particular, the subcommittee will focus on creating a system across business sites in Japan for sharing practices for reducing energy consumption and technical information related to energy conservation in order to improve the level of energy- saving technology throughout our Company; and having the mother plants in Japan provide technical support to their affiliated sites through a tie-up with the Company-wide Energy Conservation Secretariat.
Although group education had been carried out before, remote education was implemented due to the COVID-19 pandemic
* The photo shows a conceptual image.
 CDP (headquartered in London)*1 is an international NGO established in 2000 in partnership with institutional investors from around the world. It carries out projects in which it sends out questionnaires to major companies and municipal governments around the world on issues such as climate change, water security, and forests, and that seek climate change strategies and specific declarations related to emissions of greenhouse gases.
With the CDP’s 2020 survey, survey activities were conducted on behalf of 515 institutional investors with net invested assets totaling 106 trillion U.S. dollars. More than 9,600 companies, accounting for over 50% of global market capitalization, disclose environmental data on their initiatives for climate change programs via the CDP.
Responding to a CDP request for responses to its Climate Change and Water Security 2021 questionnaires, our Company
received scores of A- and B-, respectively, in December 2020. Having received requests for responses in fiscal 2021 regarding climate change and water security as well, we have responded.
We also expressed our agreement in February 2021 to TCFD. Moving forward, our Group will conduct proactive information disclosure regarding risks and opportunities associated with climate change as we hold ourselves accountable to all of our stakeholders.
We will move forward with environmental information disclosure as we contribute to the response to climate change through environmental impact reduction, resource and energy conservation, chemicals management and development of products that contribute to the environment.
*1 Formerly “The Carbon Disclosure Project.” “CDP” is now the official name.
E
042 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 043
ESG Initiatives
Emissions (thousand t-CO2)

 ESG Initiatives
  Medium- to Long-term Environmental Targets
Material Flows
E
  In fiscal 2018, we established a medium- to long-term environmental plan ending in fiscal 2030, and are engaging in activities based on it, in which our CO2 emissions met the greenhouse gas emission reduction target in the Japanese government's INDC from COP21.
However, due to the government’s 2050 Carbon Neutral Declaration and presentation of its 2030 target, we performed a new revision according to the 2030 target, and reset our 2030 target policy to include a 46% reduction in CO2 emissions (compared to fiscal 2013). We are currently deliberating the
formulation of a new medium- to long-term plan that takes this policy into consideration. (The graph below show the existing medium- to long-term plan.)
In addition to the government policy noted above, deliberation of targets will include consideration of:
Raw Materials*1
Environmental Emissions
CO2: 202,607 tons
(Scope 1: 76,193 tons) (Scope 2: 126,414 tons)
(of which emissions from waste liquid combustion: 1,220 tons)
SOx*2: 27 tons NOx*3: 52 tons Soot and dust*4: 0.2 tons
    ● CO2 emissions
・Response to sustainable development needs shared by the international community with 2030 as the target year established in the SDGs.
Raw materials for resins
151,594 tons Base materials
and fillers 75,826 tons
Resins 56,599 tons
Solvents 8,101 tons
    ・Response to the Act on the Rational Use of Energy and the Act on Promotion of Global Warning Countermeasures.
INPUT
Each business site/plant
OUTPUT
OUTPUT
Drainage: 5,531thousand m3 *5 (Sewage: 617 thousand m3, Public water area: 4,914 thousand m3)
  (thousand t-CO2) (thousand t) 160 138 25 21
120 20 80 75 76 76 75 15
10 40 5
(t) 600
450 300 150
512
2005
(of which substances subject to the PRTR Act totaled 5 tons)
Waste: 16,277 tons *7
Secondary materials and others 18,381 tons
Water
5,089 thousand m3 (Waterworks: 745 thousand m3) (Industrial water: 595 thousand m3) (Groundwater: 3,749 thousand m3)
Energy
104,428 kL (Crude oil equivalent) (4,048 thousand GJ)
COD *6: 22 tons in Japan and 6 tons overseas Chemical substances: 255 tons
            14
14
13
Breakdown: Landfill
Incineration without heat recovery Recycled
Valuable materials 9,034 tons
Products
3,324 tons 3,112 tons 9,841 tons
 10
   120 128 113
77
    000
   2005
(thousand t-CO2)
120 80 40
2019
2020 2021 2030 (fiscal year) Result Plan Target
2005 2019 2020 2021 2030 (fiscal year) Result Plan Target
● Amount of material loss (thousand t)
2030 (fiscal year) Result Plan Target
2019 2020 2021
  ● Chemical substance emissions 350
343,630 tons
(Total sales of other products that are difficult to calculate by weight: ¥16,443 million)
   200 163 160
35
29
2005
(t)
300 250 200
12 12 12 12 150 100 50 0
   30 110 25 20 15 10 5 00
2005 2019 2020 2021 2030 (fiscal year) Result Plan Target
278
2010
  137
127
126
         Category
Emissions control
Energy conservation
Waste reduction, recycling, and treatment
Total
* Data covers the time period and business sites in Japan listed on page 3.
9 234 0
243
● Amount of material loss
   Compared to fiscal 2005 46% reduction
132
2019
127
127
110
*1
*2 *3 *4
*5 *6 *7
The ratio of renewable raw materials to total raw materials used is about 2.7% at the current point in time, but we will make efforts from the development stage onward in order to increase the ratio of renewable raw materials use.
SOx: Sulfur Oxide
NOx: Nitrogen Oxide
Soot and dust: Solid particulate matter found in smoke including dust and cinders. Since methods of calculating emissions of soot and dust differ among countries, this figure is compiled solely for business sites in Japan at present.
Drainage volume is determined by calculating drainage into sewages based on the breakdown of total usage. Drainage into public water areas is calculated using readings from flow meters installed at business sites; while water usage volume is used for business sites without flow meters.
COD: Chemical Oxygen Demand. Data on overseas COD covers sites that measure COD within drainage. Data for overseas sites are stated separately because the types of oxidant used for measurement differ from those used in Japan.
The volume of hazardous waste found in our total waste volume came to 5,714 t (based on the definitions used by each country).
           Investments for Environmental Protection
Our Group has compiled data annually on the amounts of investments in environmental protection of all Group companies in Japan since fiscal 2000. In fiscal 2020, a total of 240 million yen of this type of investment were made.
As part of our carbon neutral efforts, we began a full-fledged effort to adopt solar power generation in fiscal 2020, and from fiscal 2021 onward we will be phasing it in at each of our business sites. We will also consider proactive investments in CO2 emissions reduction moving forward.
●Amounts of Investments in Environmental Protection in Fiscal 2020
Disclosure of Scope 3*1 Data
In 2015, our Group began calculating and disclosing Scope 3 emissions in the supply chain of business sites belonging to Group companies in Japan because of the growing importance of understanding CO2 emissions covering the entire supply chain. In fiscal 2018, we enlarged the scope to cover overseas business sites. The scope of the said disclosures covers a total of eight categories including Category 1 “Purchased goods and services.” In addition, we confirmed that three categories including Category 8 “Upstream leased assets” are not applicable.
*1 Whereas Scope 1 concerns direct emissions due to combustion of fuel etc. and Scope 2 concerns indirect emissions from consumption of purchased electricity or heat, Scope 3 concerns other indirect emissions, both upstream and downstream, of the supply chain of the reporting entity. The international guidelines of the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol break down Scope 3 into 15 categories. For details, refer to page 48 of the Full Online Version.
Marine plastics
When it comes to the problem of marine plastics, we are moving ahead with activities to contribute to reducing plastic marine waste via a number of initiatives based on the Japanese government’s Plastic Resource Recycling Strategy. These initiatives include managing the raw materials used and the plastic products we manufacture, promoting the recycling of the said products, and developing new products.
We are currently taking part in the Japan Initiative for Marine Environment (JaIME), which was established by major companies and industry organizations in the chemical industry, as well as the Clean Ocean Material Alliance (CLOMA), which was established by a broad range of business operators related to supply chains for plastic products, including those in the chemical industry and distribution/retail industries, with the goal of forming cross-industry partnerships. Through this, we are working to address a variety of challenges by aiming to curb plastic waste across our supply chain as a whole and promoting recycling via 3R activities for plastic products.
Recycling
Our Group promotes recycling as a means to make effective use of resources. This recycling includes the recovery and recycling of phenol from waste liquid produced by phenolic resin reactions during the product production process, fine grinding of offcuts from phenolic laminated sheets and decorative melamine resin laminate for use as a filler in phenolic resin molding compounds reuse of molded article by-products (sprues and runners) as raw material for molding materials, as well as reuse of excess sludge from activated sludge effluent treatment equipment as compost (organic fertilizer).
2019
2030 (fiscal year) Result Plan Target
2030 (fiscal year) Result Plan Target
2020
2021
2020
2021
* See the business sites listed on page 3 regarding those included in the data.
* For definitions and the calculation method of CO2 emissions, material loss, and chemical substance emissions, refer to page 104 of the Full Online Version.
* The total of the 34 substances subject to the PRTR Act included in chemical substance emissions released by our Group’s sites in Japan amounted to 5.1 tons and the total amount
transferred amounted to 94 tons. For details of the transfer and release of substances subject to the PRTR Act, refer to the Data Section on the Full Online Version.
  Investment amounts (millions of yen)
       044 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 045
● Chemical substance emissions
    ● CO2 emissions
Compared to fiscal 2005 50% reduction
Compared to fiscal 2005 85% reduction
     Compared to fiscal 2005 33% reduction
Compared to fiscal 2005 60% reduction
Compared to fiscal 2010 60% reduction
ESG Initiatives
Business sites in Japan Business sites overseas

 ESG Initiatives
Details on social initiatives are available on pages 52 to 75 of the Full Online Version.
Social
Occupational Health and Safety Management System
Product Liability
Our Group has established quality management systems (QMS) based on ISO 9001 and is continuing to acquire relevant certifications (a total of 36 sites have been certified as of May 1, 2021). Recognizing the provision of products and services that customers can always feel satisfaction and peace of mind in using is an important social mission for our Company, all relevant departments collaborate on all processes—from product planning, research, design & development, preparation for production, production, sales & service, to quality assurance— with an awareness of the importance of ensuring the safety of products and create and appropriately implement and management frameworks within which to enhance and maintain product safety and quality. In order to ensure that every employee of our Group systematically implements product safety and quality assurance initiatives in accordance with QMS, we formulated our Quality Management Policy and have educated our quality management representative candidates by offering our Quality Management Representative Education Course.
’Monozukuri’ Audits
Conventional audits that have been conducted for quality, environment, and safety for each business site made it difficult for us to identify the root issues in each business site is faced with, due to factors such as insufficient man-hours spent on the audits, inadequate skills of the auditors, and a lack of information provided beforehand.
Furthermore, the internal audits conducted by each business site focused on the management system, and It was not possible to successfully link the activities from the extraction of essential issues to the prevention of recurrence and prevention. Therefore, in order to resolve these problems, we built an ongoing audit system (combining ‘Monozukuri’ Audits and internal audits) that is able to identify the root issues in each business site, correct and improve the situation, and prevent occurrence and recurrence of issues.
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal 2020, audits were conducted only on four directly managed business sites (Shizuoka Plant, Kanuma Plant, Amagasaki Plant, and Utsunomiya Plant) and two subsidiary companies (Kyushu Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. and Akita Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.) in Japan. Overseas audits were carried out at eight business sites in China, Southeast Asia and North America, where self-audits were administered with check sheets and subsequent follow-up on the results.
12
Our Group has established a Responsible Care Committee chaired by the director overseeing Company-wide safety. This committee determines health and safety activity policies along with important measures for preventing disasters and accidents, and based on these, rolls out health and safety activities across the entire Company. What is more, in October 2019 we enacted our uniform, Company-wide Safety Philosophy: "Safety is the first priority of all" and our three Safety Action Guidelines to promote the complete elimination of deaths, serious disasters and major accidents.
Each of our business sites makes efforts closely in tune with the needs of individual workplaces within a Company-wide framework and under an accountability structure involving the managers of business sites. At its monthly meetings, the Health and Safety Committee inspects health and safety management activities, ensures thorough compliance with relevant laws and ordinances, and considers capital investments to realize risk reduction, among other actions.
In 2009, our Group’s plants and main subsidiaries in Japan began pursuing OHSAS 18001 accreditation, followed by our Group’s overseas subsidiaries from 2010. Today, a total of 23 business sites have received accreditation, including five business sites and three subsidiaries in Japan and 15 subsidiaries overseas. In addition, we are making steady progress on transitioning over to ISO 45001 as a result of the repeal of OHSAS 18001 scheduled for 2021, and the transition has been completed at five business sites in Japan.
Accident Prevention
Accident Prevention is the top priority of all our business sites. Our projective is to make business safer and more secure, and thus earn the confidence of the local community, ensure employee safety, and maintain stable supplies of products to customers. The Disaster Prevention Committee is convened and implements activities systematically with the aim of helping all business sites achieve an accident and disaster- free record. It also, conducts drills and puts in place accident prevention measures to minimize damage in the event that an accident does occur.
● Management Structure
   Chemical Substance Management
We confirm that all of the chemical substances constituting the raw materials and products handled by the Group conform with the laws and regulations of each country. We are also making progress with the creation of a Chemical Substance Management System to centrally manage these chemical substances.
● Chemical Substance Management System
● Future State Vision of Appropriate New-Product Development and Commercialization Processes of the Group Quality Assurance at Each Process
Basic policy
Fiscal 2021 quality management policy
Placing the customer first, and quality first, thereby contributing to society in keeping with SDGs and to profit through essential improvements from process flow conducive to quality formation
One Sumibe / Zero Defect / Proactive
< Action Plan> SDGs 12. Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns
I. Working toward Ensuring Quality that Provides Safety and Peace of Mind (QA Department’s Role and Responsibility)
II. Quality Improvement Activities of Existing Businesses (Complaints Handling Aimed at Improving Customer Satisfaction)
III. Reducing Risks to New Products or New Businesses
IV. Improvement of the Entire Total Manufacturing (Monozukuri)
Process through Daily Inspection and Monozukuri Audit
V. Training Quality Management Representative who takes on the
Next Generation
3
     1. A ‘Monozukuri’ Audit at the Shizuoka Plant
2. A ‘Monozukuri’ Audit at the Utsunomiya Plant
3. A ‘Monozukuri’ Audit at Akita Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
    In Japan
Bases/ Plants
Research laboratories
Information sharing
Database
Overseas
Bases/ Plants
Research laboratories
Shareholders and Investors
We are working actively to enhance our corporate value and
regards returning a portion of profits generated by our businesses
to shareholders as one of its most important management
priorities. In allocating profits, we take into consideration the
balance with retained earnings that will be used for the future
development of the business, such as R&D expenditures, capital
investment, and M&A. In doing so, our intent is to continue a stable
allocation commensurate with consolidated business results.
Regarding information disclosure, We carry out appropriate and
timely disclosure of corporate information in accordance with
the disclosure standards of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the
“Information Disclosure Guidelines” in which we have set our
basic approach to disclosing information to stakeholders including
investors and employees simultaneously, fairly, and accurately. 047
Customer Requirements/ Needs and Market Trends
Initiatives
Information Analysis
Review & Selection of Issues
Design & Development (DR)
Transfer to Manufacturing (DR)
Initial Production Control / Production
Sales & Service
Provision of customer value
Voice of Customer
Enhancing Customer
Satisfaction (CS)
Our Group promotes “One Sumibe” as one of the key measures. These are activities through which we can provide Company- wide value and better happiness to our customers, rather than deriving from an individual department. By building strong relationships with customers, understanding their deep-seated needs and proposing solutions from the perspective of the whole Company, we aim to make ourselves useful as a problem-solving partner. In fiscal 2020, we expanded the scope of these activities from our customers in Japan to overseas customers as well, and from priority customers to all customers.Through e-learning, we have educated all employees while continuing with Company- wide product study sessions. The four study sessions that we held were each attended by more than 100 employees.
Relationships with
Framework Supporting the Initiatives
 Sumitomo Bakelite Macau Co., Ltd.: Fire drill
Sumitomo Bakelite (Dongguan) Co., Ltd.: Ethylene oxide gas leak drill
S
046 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021
President
 Company-wide General Manager of Health and Safety (General Director, Corporate Production Management & Engineering Division)
  Responsible Care Committee
Production Management & Engineering Division Corporate EHS Promotion Dept.
  General Manager of Health and Safety (Each business site Manager)
  Health and Safety Committee at each plant
Industrial physician
  Safety Task Forces in each department and section
Departmental Manager of Health and Safety
Workplaces
Superintendent,
Team Leader, Leader Operator
Health and Safety Staff
    Strict assessment Improvement of Improvement of Process quality Quick sharing of quality of issues design quality process quality control information and speedy response to issues found
● Implementation of the quality assurance function of the mother site ● Process improvement (new product development review, project review, design and development quality indices, etc.) ● Appropriate go/stop decisions at each milestone ● Change control ● Participation and collaboration of the divisions concerned from the initial stage of design and development ● Prevention of quality problems through reliability engineering, FMEA, DRBFM and FTA ● Close assessment during design reviews ● Reflection of the voice of customer through utilization of support tools, etc.  
  ● Defining rules
● Building organizations ● Fostering human
resources
 Safety data, information on laws and regulations, etc. are applied to chemical substance management.
ESG Initiatives

ESG Initiatives
  Initiatives to Promote the Advancement of Women
TOPIC My Jinken Declaration
As part of our effort to realize a society in which everyone respects each other’s
human rights, we became a participant in the My Jinken Declaration program in June 2021.
* The My Jinken Declaration is an initiative in which companies, organizations, and
individuals declare that they will take actions to respect human rights in order to realize a society in which everyone respects human rights.
Relations with Local Communities
S
  We acknowledge that it is important for each of our employees to be able to play active their roles and demonstrate their individuality so that we are able to respond to the diverse needs of our customers, and we promote this diversity of talent. Within this, we recognize there are issues that we must actively address concerning the promotion of female advancement, and we are working to provide gender-neutral personnel training and create workplaces in which people can play active roles regardless of their gender. These initiatives are monitored and reviewed by the Responsible Care Committee. By April 2020 we had reached more than 30 female managers, for a female management staff ratio exceeding 3%. Moreover,
Work-life Balance
We promote the creation of workplaces that are comfortable in terms of work-life balance in keeping with these objectives:
❶ To promote flexible approaches to work, while also reducing overtime hours and promoting the full use of annual leave entitlements, and encourage employees to devote the additional time available to worthwhile non- work activities, such as educational pursuits and activities related to family and communities.
❷ To offer a greater diversity of working styles that benefit employees who must deal with major life events, such as marriage, childbirth, and child rearing, and thus contribute to nurturing the next generation. We are deliberating and phasing in policies that will be effective in achieving these goals.
From June 2020, eligibility for child nursing care leave was expanded from employees with children up to the third grade
we formulated a new action plan in April 2020. The action plan addresses the issue of the low ratio of female career- track employees by calling for “a ratio of female career-track recruits of 20% or more each year.” This target specified in the action plan is being pursued beginning in fiscal 2020.
Of newly graduated recruits in fiscal 2020, the ratio of women was 19.4% (6 women among a total of 31 newly graduated recruits). We are also offering career education to raise awareness of diversity management in relation to management staff, and to foster awareness of career development for female employees.
at elementary school to those with children up to the sixth grade, and use of accumulated annual paid vacation is also possible. Also, in January 2021, we enabled employees to acquire child nursing care leave and family care leave in hourly increments, so that these can be accrued either in ten-minute or one-day increments. We will continue to implement such initiatives as part of efforts to further promote better work- life balance. We are focusing on creating an environment in which our employees can achieve their goals for both work and life events (such as childbirth and childcare). We are also encouraging employees to proactively utilize various programs provided by our Group to help them deal with important life events, and since the implementation of childcare leave and nursing care leave programs, the proportion of employees returning to work after taking childcare or nursing leave has been almost 100%.
My Jinken Declaration
Biodiversity Conservation Initiatives
Following the philosophy of our Responsible Care Activity Guideline, we recognize the importance of conserving biodiversity. We are promoting environmental impact reductions, compliance with our procurement policy, and dialogue with communities through preservation activities at biotopes set up at some of our business locations.
Biotope general information sign
Elementary school excursion and lesson
  Support for Education of the Next Generation (Fujieda City Science Education Support Project)
We are taking the lead in providing support for the education of the next generation as part of an industry-government-academia partnership in cooperation with other companies with production plants located in and around Fujieda City, Shizuoka Prefecture, an initiative that has been ongoing since 2009.
Although implementation was postponed in FY2020 due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections, events held up to this point have received high praise from local government and school officials. Future events are scheduled to include online formats.
Views from FY2019
  Human Resources Development
Relations with Local Residents and Participation in Local Events
We believe that the growth of each and every employee is a driving force behind the sustainable growth of our businesses. For this reason, we recognize that human resources development is a critical aspect of management. We have established a policy on human resources development and actively offer education so that employees can take action toward their own personal and professional growth. The Responsible Care Committee monitors and reviews these initiatives.
In September 2007, we opened the Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. School (SB School) as an in-house training institute.
The aim of SB School is to provide lifelong education and training courses that help our Group achieve sustainable growth of business operations while maximizing corporate value. The school offers courses for all grades of employees from all departments. These include “all-employee education” courses that confirm and reinforce employees’ awareness of the Company’s Business Philosophy as well as fundamental knowledge about such issues as enhancement of CS, compliance, human rights, occupational safety, quality, and environmental protection. The school also systematically plans and implements various other kinds of educational and training courses needed by employees. During fiscal 2020, many of the educational programs were changed from in-person to remote formats due to the impact of COVID-19. During the year April
2020 through March 2021, the cumulative participation in SB School courses was about 25,000 employees, and the number of hours of education provided was approximately 33,300. We will plan and implement an increasingly wide range of programs to develop the capabilities of all employees—the Company’s most precious management resource.
● SB School and Human Resource Development Human Resources
We are working to enhance the welfare of local communities by proactively interacting with local residents and participating in local events to deepen our ties with them, as well as engaging in volunteer activities and making
donations. We also cooperated with local government bodies and medical facilities during fiscal 2020 on suppressing the spread of COVID-19 infections.
 TOPIC
Face shield donation, stockpile agreements
  Development
Evaluation and Placement
Business Objectives
• Linkage with Corporate Management Objectives
• Establishment of Appropriate Targets
• Interview with Superiors
In order to suppress the spread of COVID-19 infections, our Company Group manufactures face shields and ensures that they can be used in regional community safety measures by donating them to local government bodies and entering into stockpile agreements.
Shizuoka Plant: Face shield donation (left)
    048 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 049
• •
As COVID-19 infections spread, hospitalizations increased in tandem with the rising infection rate. Many hospitals did not have sufficient personal protective equipment (PPE) to deal with the increase in caseload.
The area of Northeastern Ohio, where Promerus, LLC is located, was no exception. A call for PPE donations was put out to the general public through the health department. With Promerus, therefore made two donations of PPE through the Summit County Public Health Department to support local medical professionals, including a total of 11,400 gloves, 36 safety goggles, 3 face shields and 1,000 shoe covers, as well as protective clothing.
Right-Person-in-the-Right- Place Recruitment, Assignment, and Transfer
Further Challenges Self-Assessment System
SB School
Education and Training
• Mentoring System • Oversea trainee system
TOPIC
Support for medical professionals (Promerus, LLC)
ESG Initiatives

 ESG Initiatives
Details on governance are available on pages 76 to 85 of the Full Online Version.
Governance
Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
Appointment and Remuneration Committee
As a pioneer in plastics, we bring “delight” to customers through the creation of new advanced functions from plastics and through the use of its products, with the goal of contributing to value creation for customers and various other stakeholders. For this reason it is important to earn the trust
Management System Board of Directors
We are a company with a Board of Corporate Auditors. As of June 24, 2021, ten Directors (of which three are Outside Directors) and four Corporate Auditors (of which two are Outside Corporate Auditors) had been appointed. The Board of Directors is chaired by the Chairman and Representative Director.
At its monthly meetings, the Board of Directors renders
Board of Corporate Auditors
The Board of Corporate Auditors is comprised of two Standing Corporate Auditors and two Outside Corporate Auditors who serve part-time and have their independence. The activities of the Board of Corporate Auditors and the Corporate Auditors is assisted by one assistant of auditors who serves in another position concurrently and possesses the ability and experience
of society and be needed by society, and therefore, we are establishing efficient and effective structures for achieving management that are highly compatible with society and the environment and for addressing risks facing management, including rigorous compliance.
decisions on important operational matters and receives monthly performance reports and reports on progress regarding important operational matters from each of the Directors. The chair also holds hearings on the opinions of and reports from Corporate Auditors to ensure that thorough discussions are carried out.
including knowledge and experience of finance and accounting necessary to execute business duties.
Board of Corporate Auditors meetings are held on a monthly basis ahead of meetings of the Board of Directors, and also on an extraordinary basis as needed. During fiscal 2020, they met 16 times for an average time of 1 hour, 10 minutes per meeting.
The Appointment and Remuneration Committee has been established to take part in the appointment of Directors and decisions regarding and the amount of their remuneration. It is a voluntary committee chaired by Chairperson and Representative Director Shigeru Hayashi and also consisting of President and Representative Director Kazuhiko Fujiwara and three Independent Outside Directors (this refers to Outside Directors who has been submitted to the Tokyo Stock Exchange of their position as independent officers) who constitute a majority on the committee. These are Hiroyuki Abe, Kazuo Matsuda and Etsuko
Nagashima. This Committee holds deliberations regarding Directorship appointments, including assignments to and dismissals from Directorships, elections and dismissals of Representative Directors, as well as plans for successors of the President and Representative Director. It then reports its findings to the Board of Directors based on the results of these deliberations. This Committee makes a decision regarding items (including systems and policy) concerning remuneration for Directors responding to delegation based on resolution of the Board of Directors.
Executive Officer Structure and Executive Officers’ Meeting
Risk Management Structure
We have adopted an Executive Officer structure, in which Executive Officers, who are appointed by the Board of Directors, are responsible for executing their assigned tasks under the direction of the President based on the policies approved by the Board of Directors. As of June 24, 2021, 18 Executive Officers (including six who serve concurrently as Directors) had been appointed.
● Structure of Corporate Governance (as of June 24, 2021)\
Auditing
Executive Officers’ Meetings, which are comprised of Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Auditors, are held once a month. Here, the policies decided by the Board of Directors and important matters are informed, performance reports are confirmed and reports on the implementation operational status are given by each Executive Officer, and reviews of and information on important matters are shared.
Our risk management structure is described below.
● Risk Management Committee
The Committee identifies major risks that could have a serious impact on our business performance, confirms the validity of response measures to major risks, and gives instructions on what additional measure should be considered to our departments in charge of an individual risk and each business division. In fiscal 2020, the Risk Management Committee convened on four occasions to set targets for measures against major risks, redeliberate methods of identifying major risks, select major risks that must be addressed in fiscal 2021, and to take up individual topics including human and technological measures against business e-mail compromise (BEC).
● Departments in charge of individual risk
When it comes to risk oversight, the departments in charge
of an individual risk draft and promote response measures for our Group as a whole by coordinating with our various departments. These departments include the Corporate General Affairs Division, Personnel Division, Corporate Finance & Planning Division, Corporate Production Management & Engineering Division, Corporate Research & Development Division, Information Systems & Data Processing Department, Global Procurement Division, and more.
● Each business division
Each business division, which includes the sales departments, plants, R&D departments, and more at our Company and our group companies, take various different measures to properly manage risks that arise in the course of performing the duties of their sections and their company as part of their essential duties.
Executive Remuneration
The remuneration of Directors consists of monthly base pay and a bonus. The monthly base pay is fixed based on one’s job title, while the amount of the bonus is determined according to the Company’s business profit during the fiscal year, in order to raise Directors’ motivation to achieve the fiscal year business plan. The annual amount of the monthly base pay and bonus is determined within the total amount of remuneration approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting. The individual amounts of monthly base pay paid to each position of Representative Director / Chairperson, as well as President, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Managing Executive Officer, and Executive Officer serving concurrently as Directors are set. The net amount to be paid for bonuses is calculated by multiplying a fixed multiplier against business profit, and the amount paid to each individual
is calculated by multiplying a fixed multiplier determined according to the person’s title. Outside Directors are paid only a fixed monthly base pay.
The amounts of monthly base pay and bonuses paid to Directors are determined by the Board of Directors as noted above, with decisions entrusted to the Appointment and Remuneration Committee regarding the distribution of amounts of monthly remuneration payments and bonus amounts, which are determined according to Directorship position.
The remuneration of Corporate Auditors consists of base pay (monthly pay). The net amount and the amounts paid to each individual are determined by consultations with the Corporate Auditors within the total amount of remuneration approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting.
 Management oversight
Shareholders’ Meeting
Election Election
   050 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 051
Election
  Accounting Auditor Auditing Firm
Cooperation
Board of Corporate Auditors
Standing Corporate Auditors Outside Corporate Auditors
Oversight/supervision
Supervision
Business Continuity Plans (BCPs)
 Internal Audits and Risk Management
Approval of policy, planning, performance etc.
Direction/Instructions
Direction/
Board of Directors (Chair: Chairperson) Directors / Outside Directors
Appointment and Remuneration Committee
  Execution of duties, internal audits, and risk manageme
Cooperation
    Execution
of Duties Instructions
President
   Internal Auditing Departments (Internal Audit Dept., etc.)
Sustainability Promotion Committee
 Risk Management Committee Compliance Committee
Exchange of information
 Executive Officers
Executive Officers’ Meeting Directors Corporate Auditors Executive Officers
Of the foreseeable disasters and accidents that could occur, we regard earthquakes; explosions, fires, and leaks; storm and flood damage; and pandemics as major emergencies. We prepare BCPs designed to ensure the continuity of business when such emergencies occur, and share these with our clients as needed. What is more, we have also taken measures such as ensuring adequate inventories of products and raw materials, ensuring redundancy with our production systems, augmenting our supplies of spare parts, and systematizing our restoration structures.
Our response to the spread of infections with COVID-19
since 2020 has included the establishment of a COVID-19 Emergency Taskforce and a countermeasures secretariat at our head office, which operate flexibly as we deliberate measures to be taken in response to the state of the contagion, such as issuing notices as appropriate. We also consider the operation of these two bodies in revising our Company-wide COVID-19 Infection Countermeasures Manual as needed. We also refer to this manual in our work of formulating a response framework and action plan for each of our subsidiaries in consideration of the differences in laws, regulations and industry rules for the country in which each is located.
G
  ESG Initiatives

ESG Initiatives
  Compliance
We emphasize compliance because we recognize that adherence to laws and corporate ethics is integral to the conduct of business.
We established the Compliance Committee to minimize the risks of compliance violations at our Group, promote the creation of structures for compliance, and to promote activities to raise awareness of compliance.
We make efforts to inform our employees of our Business Philosophy (Company Policy) in which our business principal is shown, and our Group’s Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, such as by offering e-learning on a regular basis or having employees read this aloud from pamphlets in their
workplace. Our Group’s Code of Business Ethics and Conduct is consist of specific standards of conduct and explanations for Our Code of Conduct, which was enacted to serve as standards of conduct that our officers and employees must adhere to when carrying out their duties.
Workplaces in each department apply compliance to daily operations, decide on the key items for compliance and each prepare Articles for Emphasis in Compliance. Although the Articles differ among workplaces, they are displayed prominently and confirmed with all employees periodically by having them read aloud in unison. Our group companies, in Japan and overseas, also undertake similar activities.
Executives (as of June 24, 2021) Directors and Corporate Auditors
Chairman, Representative Director
Shigeru Hayashi
G
President, Representative Director
Kazuhiko Fujiwara
  Apr 1970 Mar 1999
Jun 2000 Jun 2004 Jun 2006 Jun 2008 Jun 2010 Jun 2018
Entered the Company
General Manager of Functional Compounds Sales Div. of the Company
Director of the Company
Managing Director, Managing Executive Officer of the Company Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company Representative Director, Executive Vice President of the Company President, Representative Director of the Company Chairman, Representative Director of the Company (to the present) Representative Director of Green Chemicals Co.,Ltd. (to the present)
Apr 1980 Jun 2009
Apr 2013 Jun 2014 Apr 2016
Jun 2018
Entered the Company
General Manager of S-BIO Business Div. of the Company
Executive Officer of the Company
Managing Executive Officer of the Company Director of the Company
Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company
President, Representative Director of the Company (to the present)
  Internal Whistleblower System
Apr 1985 Jun 2008
Jun 2010 Apr 2014 Jun 2015 Apr 2018
Jun 2018
Entered the Company
General Manager of Kobe Fundamental Research Laboratory of the Company Executive Officer of the Company
Managing Executive Officer of the Company Director of the Company (to the present) Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company (to the present)
Representative Director of Sumitomo Bakelite (Taiwan) Co.,Ltd. (to the present)
We have established an internal whistleblower system (which has been designated the “Compliance Whistleblower System” at our Group). Under this system, employees can report to an internal contact point (Dept. Manager of the Internal Audit Department) or an external contact point (Legal Counsel) when they have discovered a compliance violation or suspect there may have been such a violation, in an effort to promptly detect and prevent compliance violations. The privacy of whistleblowers is rigorously protected to ensure that they are not placed at a disadvantage as a consequence of reporting violations. In fiscal 2020 there were five cases reported to the Compliance Whistleblower System. The results of our investigations revealed that there were no major violations to laws and ordinances, such as violations to laws against child labor, forced labor, accounting fraud, bribery or corruption, or antitrust laws, nor were there any cases that could have a
Procurement Initiatives
We strive to ensure compliance with the laws, regulations, and social norms of Japan and the other countries and regions in which we operate. We also require our business partners to observe these standards of fulfilling their social responsibilities given the changing social expectations placed on companies. In principle, we conclude a basic contract with each business partner in the purchase of raw materials or equipment, which requires the contracting parties to fulfill their corporate social responsibilities (CSR). Our criteria for selecting business partners include their CSR and environmental impact reduction initiatives.
The Global Procurement Division is in overall charge of the purchasing of raw materials, fuel, and equipment for use at our Company’s plants and our Group Companies worldwide. Our procurement policy and Green Procurement Guidelines are posted on the Company’s website.
significant negative impact on society. Both cases were dealt with appropriately.
Moreover, some of our group companies have established their own unique internal whistleblower systems, which are distinct from our shared Compliance Whistleblower System, by taking into consideration factors such as the legal requirements of the country in which they are located, their company size, and so forth. In fiscal 2020 there were 7 cases reported to these unique internal whistleblower systems at these group companies. The results of investigations revealed that there were no major violations to laws and ordinances, such as violations to laws against child labor, forced labor, accounting fraud, bribery or corruption, or antitrust laws, nor were there any cases that could have a significant negative impact on society. All of these cases were dealt with appropriately.
Apr 1982 Jun 2009
Apr 2013 Apr 2014
Jun 2015 Apr 2017 Apr 2021
Entered the Company
Executive Officer of the Company
Plant Manager of Utsunomiya Plant of the Company Managing Executive Officer of the Company
General Manager of Corporate Production Management & Engineering Div. of the Company (to the present)
Director of the Company (to the present)
Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company Executive Vice President of the Company (to the present)
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Masayuki Inagaki
General Manager of Corporate Production Management & Engineering Div.; Overseeing Corporate Research & Development Div., Advanced Materials Research Laboratory, Bio & Science Research Laboratory and Circuitry with Optical Interconnection Business Development Dept.;
In charge of Corporate Engineering Center
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Sumitoshi Asakuma
Overseeing Semiconductor Materials segment
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Takashi Nakamura
Overseeing Corporate General Affairs Div., Personnel Div. and Osaka Office and Nagoya Office;
In charge of Corporate Finance & Planning Div., Corporate Planning Dept., Information Systems & Data Processing Dept. and Global Procurement Div.
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Goichiro Kuwaki
Overseeing High Performance Plastics segment
   ● Our Group’s Supply Chain Distribution &
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Takashi Kobayasi
Overseeing Films & Sheets Research Laboratory, Films & Sheets Div. and Amagasaki Plant; In charge of Healthcare Products Div. and S-BIO Business Div.
Apr 1987 Entered the Company
Sep 2007 General Manger of Sumitomo Bakelite (Nantong) Co., Ltd. Apr 2013 Executive Officer of the Company
Apr 2017 Managing Executive Officer of the Company (to the present) Jun 2018 Director of the Company (to the present)
Jan 2021 Representative Director of Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc. (to the present)
Standing Corporate Auditor
Tsuneo Terasawa
Outside Director Hiroyuki Abe Outside Director Kazuo Matsuda Outside Director Etsuko Nagashima
See page 55 for the Outside Directors’ career history.
Standing Corporate Auditor
Katsushige Aoki
Sales
Consumers
Voice of consumers
Distributors
Design & Development
Logistics
Materials Procurement
Manufacturers & Business partners
Manufacturing & Production
Apr 1974 Jun 1996
Jun 2002 Jun 2004 Jun 2006 Jun 2008 Jun 2010 Apr 2014 Jun 2015 Jun 2018
Entered the Company
Manager of Human Resources & Employee Relations Dept. of the Company
Director of the Company
Executive Officer of the Company
Managing Executive Officer of the Company
Director of the Company
Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company Executive Vice President of the Company
Representative Director of the Company
Standing Corporate Auditor of the Company (to the present)
Apr 1986 Mar 2012
Jun 2019
Entered Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd . General Manager of Internal Control and Audit Dept. of Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd.
Standing Corporate Auditor of the Company (to present)
Apr 1979 Apr 2015 Apr 2016 Jun 2018 Apr 2020 Jun 2020
Entered Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer of the Company
Managing Executive Officer of the Company
Director of the Company (to the present)
Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company (to the present) Representative Director of S.B. Information System Co., Ltd. (to the present)
Apr 1985 Jun 2010 Apr 2013 Apr 2017
Jun 2018
Entered the Company
Plant Manager of Shizuoka Plant of the Company Executive Officer of the Company
Managing Executive Officer of the Company
(to the present)
Director of the Company (to the present) General Manager of High Performance Plastic Products Business Unit of the Company (to the present)
   Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
 052 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 053
● Action for Stable Procurement
The Global Procurement Division takes a variety of measures, including auditing materials manufactures to ensure stable supply.
● Procurement Crisis Management
The Global Procurement Division prepares a list of locations of materials manufacturers and keeps it up to date.
In the event of a disaster, the division checks the statuses of manufacturers’ factories in the affected areas and formulates countermeasures.
Outside Corporate Auditor
Kazuhiko Yamagishi
Outside Corporate Auditor
Noriko Kawate
  Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officers
Executive Officers
Seiji Suzuki Nobuyuki Sashida
Keisuke Kurachi Atsushi Suzuki
Masaya Fumita Yoshikazu Takezaki
Makoto Suzuki Alex Geskens
Norihisa Fujimura Atsushi Tanaka Shinichi Kajiya Hisao Nakanishi
Apr 1984 Sep 1995 Mar 1998 Jun 2015
Jun 2019
Lawyer registration
New York State attorney registration
Partner of Asahi Law Offices (to the present)
Corporate Auditor of New Cosmos Electric Co., Ltd.
(to the present)
Outside Corporate Auditor of the Company (to the present)
Apr 1999 Jul 2001 Apr 2003
Nov 2004 Feb 2008
May 2011 Nov 2011 Feb 2015 Jun 2021
Entered Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC Certified Public Accountant registration Established Kawate CPA Office, Principal (to the present)
Certified Tax Accountant registration Established CLEA Consulting Co., Ltd., Representative Director (to the present) Director of Ichigo Inc. (to the present)
U.S. Certified Public Accountant registration Partner of Cast Global Group (to the present) Outside Corporate Auditor of the Company (to the present)
ESG Initiatives

    ESG Initiatives
Interview with the Independent Outside Directors
    Outside Director Kazuo Matsuda
Outside Director Hiroyuki Abe
Outside Director Etsuko Nagashima
―What are the issues at the Company, as seen from the outside?
Abe
"Our Company places prime importance on trust and sureness, and shall commit itself to contributing to the progress of society and enhancement of people’s welfare and livelihood through its business activities." As laid out in this expression of the Company's Business Philosophy, I think this is a solid company in which corporate officers and employees all pull together as they make ongoing steady efforts. We may come across as an unassuming company at first glance, but I think there are advantages to that. So this isn't an issue, but rather something I would like for us to take advantage of in our future corporate activities.
Matsuda
In the Company’s Medium-Term Business Plan, the Company raises its vision of aiming to be “a company that makes your dreams for the future a reality.” But I get the feeling that for someone looking from the outside, it may be a bit difficult to see who is going to realize that vision, and how they will do so. In aiming to expand the scale of a corporation, the Company will be required to make use of basic technology, manufacturing technology, production technology and also the global management technology that binds these together. I think the issue for the Company in realizing this in the future is going to be how to make these strategies concrete.
Nagashima
Given the distinctive characteristics of the work, I get the impression that there hasn't been much of a culture enabling women to successfully apply themselves, and the ratio of women in management positions is thus quite low. I feel that one issue for the Company is that of creating an organization in which people can work without regard to gender. This fiscal year, we are adding one Outside Director, so that we will have two female members in the Board of Directors. In the future, I think it will be good for us to go full ahead in training up appropriate female members of management and Directorships.
―What are your expectations for the Company moving forward?
Abe
The environment surrounding manufacturing companies has been changing, and restructuring has been accelerating both within the company and without. Most importantly, now that the pursuit of DX is a matter of central government policy, promoting it is an urgent task for us. Also, from an external perspective, I think that M&A and other strategic investments will become necessary. I look forward to applying the advantages of the Company's customer-centric orientation to the project of boosting its presence in a changing world.
Matsuda
With its foundation in the Sumitomo Group spirit of enterprise that "places prime importance on trust and sureness," the Company has as its greatest strength the forthright, earnest business ethic of the traditional Japanese Ōmi traveling merchant, emphasizing the importance of CS, which leads to “Sampo-yoshi” (“good for the seller, good for the buyer and good for society”). This ethos comports well with the stakeholder capitalism that has been the global trend in business management in recent years. My expectation is that, based on this thinking, the Company will become a global excellent company by generating a clear qualitative strategic vision that extends 10 or 20 years into the future.
Nagashima
With awareness of SDGs increasing in recent years, it is no longer possible to conduct business without regard for environmental issues. On that point, the Company has linked its Business Philosophy itself to the spirit of SDGs. We believe that developing products based on this thinking while increasing customer satisfaction will lead to sustainable growth in corporate value. Conducting M&A in recent years has also produced brisk progress in diversifying business operations and human resources. The Company is currently putting One Sumibe Activities into practice, and by advancing these activities, I hope the Company can maximize its innate capabilities by accelerating interactions among personnel and technologies in each domain.
G
Advice with meaning and breadth,
based on unique knowledge and experience
  ―Tell us about your roles as Outside Directors.
Abe
The Company recently appointed its first female Director, bringing the number of independent external directors with differing careers to three. This environment in which three people have three views will surely work very much to the advantage of the Company. I myself have been involved in fields related to science and technology, and considering my own career, it is with stirring feelings of motivation that I look forward to working on the tasks required of me.
Matsuda
I have been involved in management as the CFO of financial institutions and of a manufacturing corporation implementing business globally. The Company's business operations and customers are diverse and multifaceted. I hope I can give advice whereby the experience I've accumulated up to now will serve as a catalyst regarding how to differentiate ourselves as a manufacturing company, and how to maximize profit.
Nagashima
As a certified public accountant, I have engaged in audit work mainly in a manufacturing company for a long time. By using my experience of that work, and also of the outside officer I undertake for other companies, I hope to be able to give meaningful directions and advice. I think what is expected of Outside Directors is that they give diverse advice from perspectives that are difficult to see from within the company.
―What are your impressions of the Board of Directors meetings?
Abe
Before the Board of Directors meeting, we attended the Outside Officers’ Meeting, which was a very educational experience for me. I was able to participate in the Board of Directors meeting with an understanding of the Company's circumstances. However, the debate at the meeting was mostly constructive, with no harsh, divisive rhetoric to be seen. Management at the Company left me with an impression of administrative cohesion and health.
Matsuda
The Board of Directors meetings are places for deliberation of items that have come up through a number of processes such as the Management Meeting. However, the Board of Directors meetings tend to be little more than places for reporting. On that point, the Company's Board of Directors meetings are wonderfully administered in that all debates and agenda items raised are deliberated again by, regardless of whether internal or outside director. I have been an Outside Corporate Auditor for one year, and then an Outside Director for five years, and year by year, we have come to delve deeply into each individual matter.
Nagashima
Since the Outside Officers’ Meeting includes detailed explanations of the background on the agenda items raised, I feel that this resolves questions about operations and products, and deepens our understanding. In the Board of Directors meeting as well, we can obtain sufficient explanations from the Directors in charge, and the Chairperson takes care to ensure that the Outside Directors can speak freely, so we can make statements without restraining ourselves.
Career
    054 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 055
Oct 1977 Apr 1993
Apr 1996
Nov 1996 Nov 2002
Jan 2003 Jan 2007
Jun 2007 Jun 2015 May 2016
Outside Director
Hiroyuki Abe
Professor, School of Engineering, Tohoku University
Dean, Undergraduate School of Engineering / Graduate School of Engineering, Tohoku University
President of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers
President of Tohoku University
Professor Emeritus of Tohoku University (to the present)
Member of the Council for Science and Technology Advisor at the Japan Science and Technology Agency
Outside Corporate Auditor of the Company Outside Director of the Company (to the present) President of the Engineering Academy of Japan
Apr 1971 Apr 2000
Oct 2000 Jun 2009 Jun 2011
Jun 2015 Jun 2016
Outside Director
Kazuo Matsuda
Entered The Fuji Bank Limited (currently Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
Senior Managing Executive Officer of Fuji Securities Co., Ltd. (currently Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd.)
Managing Executive Officer of Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd.
Director, Representative Executive Vice President of NSK Ltd.
Special Advisor of NSK Ltd.
Standing Corporate Auditor of NSK-Warner K.K. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Daido Metal Co., Ltd. (to the present) Outside Corporate Auditor of the Company Outside Director of the Company (to the present)
Oct 1978 Jul 1980 Oct 1982 Jun 1988
Apr 2008 Jun 2016
Jun 2019 Jun 2021
Outside Director
Etsuko Nagashima
Entered Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC Entered Tsukeshiba CPA Accounting Office Certified Public Accountant registration Established Nagashima CPA Accounting Office (to the present)
Representative Partner of Veritas Audit Firm Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Board Member) of BULL-DOG SAUCE CO., LTD. (to the present)
Outside Corporate Auditor of the Company Outside Director of FALCO HOLDINGS Co., Ltd. (to the present)
Outside Director of the Company (to the present)
ESG Initiatives
Interview

 Data
Data
Corporate Data
Name Head Office
President Established
Share capital
(As of March 31, 2021)
Number of Shareholders (As of March 31, 2021)
Stock Listing
(As of March 31, 2021)
Number of Employees (As of March 31, 2021)
Net Sales / Revenue (Fiscal 2020)
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
5-8 Higashi-Shinagawa 2-chome, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 140-0002, Japan
Kazuhiko Fujiwara January 25, 1932
¥37.1 billion
10,504
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section
1,612 (non-consolidated) 7,937 (consolidated)
¥90.0 billion (non-consolidated) ¥209.0 billion (consolidated)
● Principal shareholders (as of March 31, 2021)
Business Location
We operate in 15 countries and regions, including Japan.
Production sites are color-coded according to the category of products manufactured.
● Major Products by Segment and Fiscal 2020 Revenue Composition by Segment (Consolidated)
Quality of Life Products ¥78,583 million (37.6%)
● Medical devices and drugs
Other ¥594 million (0.3%)
Total
¥209,002 million (consolidated)
Semiconductor Materials ¥57,266 million (27.4%)
● Epoxyresinmoldingcompoundsforencapsulationofsemiconductordevices ● Liquid photosensitive coating resins for semiconductor wafers ● Liquid resins for semiconductors
● Substrate materials for semiconductor packages
■ Kyushu Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
▶Global Network
■ Sumitomo Bakelite Europe NV
■ Vyncolit NV
■ Sumitomo Bakelite Europe (Barcelona), S.L.U.
■ Sumitomo Bakelite (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. SBE India Pvt. Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Bakelite (Dongguan) Co., Ltd. ■ Vaupell China (Dongguan) Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Bakelite (Thailand) Co., Ltd. ■ SNC Industrial Laminates Sdn. Bhd.
■ Sumitomo Bakelite Singapore Pte. Ltd. ■ SumiDurez Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Melamine resin decorative laminates and sheets
●
● Vinyl resin sheets and multilayer sheets
● Freshness preserving films
● Polycarbonate resin plates
● PVC resin plates
● Design and contracting of waterproofing work
● Biotechnology related products
Medical devices
Films and sheets
Plate products
Bio-related products
Freshness-preserving film
Waterproofing-related
Epoxy resin molding compounds for encapsulation of semiconductor
Liquid photosensitive coating resins for semiconductor wafers
Phenolic molding compounds
Liquid resins for semiconductors
“Lα Z” substrate materials for semiconductor packages
Molded parts
■ Vaupell Industrial Plastics, Inc. Vaupell Holdings, Inc.
Sumitomo Plastics America, Inc.
■■ Sumitomo Bakelite (Nantong) Co., Ltd.
Sumibe Korea Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Bakelite (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Sumibe (Taiwan) Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Bakelite (Taiwan) Co., Ltd. Sumitomo Bakelite (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.
■ Sumitomo Bakelite Macau Co., Ltd.
■ P.T. Indopherin Jaya ■ P.T. SBP Indonesia
High-Performance Plastics
● Phenolic molding compounds ● Phenolic resins for industrial use ● Molded parts
● Synthetic resin adhesives
¥72,559 million (34.7%)
● Phenolic resin copper-clad laminates ● Epoxy resin copper-clad laminates
● Aircraft interior components
Phenolic resins
Copper-clad laminates
056 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 057
Name
Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
Japan Post Insurance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. (Investment Trust Account)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Retirement Payment Account of Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank)
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation BBH FOR MATTHEWS JAPAN FUND Sumitomo Life Insurance Company
Number of stocks held (thousands)
10,509 4,403
2,743 2,575 1,180
946
873
872 809 523
Percentage of total number of issued stocks (%)
22.33
9.36
5.83 5.47 2.51
2.01
1.86
1.85 1.72 1.11
■ Semiconductor Materials
▶Domestic Network
■ Hokkai Taiyo Plastic Co., Ltd.
■ S.B. Techno Plastics Co., Ltd. (Head Plant)
Osaka Office
■ Yamaroku Kasei Industry Co., Ltd. ■ Amagasaki Plant
Kobe Facility Office
■ High-Performance Plastics
■ Quality of Life Products
■ Durez Corporation (Niagara Falls Plant)
■ Durez Canada Co., Ltd. Promerus, LLC
■ Durez Corporation (Kenton Plant)
■■ Vaupell Molding & Tooling, Inc. (Constantine,Michigan Plant)
■ Russell Plastics Technology Company, Inc.
(Notes) 1.The Company holds 2,532 thousand shares of treasury stock, which are excluded from stock held by the principal shareholders listed above.
2.Percentage of total number of issued stocks is calculated based on the total number of issued stocks less treasury stocks.
■■ Akita Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
■ Kanuma Plant
■ Utsunomiya Plant
Head Office
■■ Shizuoka Plant
Nagoya Office
■ S.B. Sheet Waterproof Systems Co., Ltd.(Nara Plant)
■■ Vaupell Molding & Tooling, Inc. (Agawan, Massachusetts Plant)
■■ Vaupell Molding & Tooling, Inc. (Hudson, New Hampshire Plant)
■ Sumitomo Bakelite North America, Inc.
 (Manchester Plant)
Aircraft interior components

Data
  Data
Financial Data
■Financial Summary Fiscal year
Financial results
Net sales
Operating income
Ordinary income
Income before income taxes and non-controlling interests
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Financial position
Japanese GAAP (Fiscal 2010-2016)
*1 *2
“Business profit” is calculated by deducting “cost of sales” and “selling, general and administrative expenses” from “revenue”. As the share consolidation of each 5 shares of common shares into 1 share was exercised effective on October 1, 2018, “equity attributable to owners of parent per share” and “basic earnings per share” are calculated with the assumption that the share consolidation had exercised at the eginning of fiscal 2017.
“Cash dividends per share” for fiscal 2018 is calculated with taking such share consolidation into consideration.
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS; Fiscal 2016 to 2020)
  2010
190,971 11,181 12,507
8,321 5,154
2011
185,237 4,726 5,931
3,689 2,525
201,315 117,997 27,433
489.78 10.48 12.50
2.1 2.9 2.6
58.6 23.2 41.6
0.9 119.3
14,565 10,465 13,047
6,997
(Millions of yen)
2016
198,199 16,879 17,324
14,466 10,622
263,742 165,353 43,133
23,427 (7,987)
15,440 (10,245)
702.63 45.14 10.00
6.6 6.6 8.5
62.7 26.1 14.8
1.0 22.2
10,341 10,003 9,659 5,958
Fiscal year
Financial results
2016
2017
211,819 19,251 18,598 19,495 15,078
272,247 168,450 43,694
22,054 (11,745) 10,310
(2,453)
3,579.19 320.36 12.00
9.3 7.4 9.1
61.9 26.0 14.7
1.3 18.7
11,024 9,793 10,053 5,708
2018
212,952 17,293 13,587 19,548 15,084
284,898 178,818 45,401
20,191 (15,616) 4,575
(2,224)
3,799.77 320.51 75.00
8.7 7.0 8.1
62.8 25.4 12.4
1.0 23.4
11,346 10,152 10,235
5,898
2019
206,620 14,346 10,285 11,499
8,986
283,322 177,138 48,607
22,206 (10,377) 11,829
(4,041)
3,764.17 190.96 75.00
5.0 4.0 6.9
62.5 27.4 12.0
0.6 39.3
10,773 11,278 10,338
5,969
(Millions of yen)
2020
209,002 16,642 19,914 16,139 13,198
345,763 200,205 76,748
27,405 (14,993) 12,412 21,768
4,254.48 280.46 75.00
7.0 5.1 8.0
57.9 38.3 16.1
1.1 26.7
11,138 12,259 10,363
7,937
2012
183,362 7,956 8,551
6,532 3,443
213,826 130,044 29,553
16,644
(13,088)
3,556
(3,942) (642) 2,722
2013
206,047 10,702 11,498
10,540 6,493
236,825 148,936 35,063
2014
209,659 10,904 11,263
11,344 7,113
285,927 169,215 61,066
15,672 (36,353) (20,681) 23,467
702.53 29.53 10.00
4.5 4.3 5.2
59.2 36.1 18.1
0.8 33.9
11,812 9,256 10,253 6,747
209.7 209.7
2015
206,956 10,241 10,598
7,410 3,828
260,122 157,319 50,898
19,233 (6,962)
12,271 (15,530)
668.44 16.01 10.00
2.3 3.9 4.9
60.5 32.4 27.5
0.7 62.5
9,697 10,843 10,448
6,358
Revenue 198,100
       Total assets
Equity 120,933
Business profit*1
Operating profit
Profit before tax
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Financial position
Total assets
Total equity attributable to owners of parent Interest-bearing liabilities
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flows
Cash flows from financing activities
Per-share data (Yen)*2
Equity attributable to owners of parent per share Basic earnings per share
Cash dividends per share
Financial indicators (%)
Profit to equity attributable to owners of parent ratio (ROE) Profit before tax to total assets ratio (ROA)
Business profit to revenue ratio
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of parent
Debt equity ratio (D/E) (times)
Price earnings ratio (PER) (times) Price book value ratio (PBR) (times) Dividend payout ratio
Others
Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization Research and development expenses Number of employees (persons)
16,658 12,061 12,715
9,521
253,763 154,222 40,007
23,538 (8,098)
15,440 (10,245)
655.32 40.45 10.00
6.3 5.0 8.4
60.8 28.5 16.6
1.0 24.7
10,426 9,905 9,659 5,958
 Interest-bearing debt
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flows
Cash flows from financing activities
Per-share data (Yen)
Net assets per share Earnings per share
Cash dividends per share
Financial indicators (%)
Return on Equity (ROE)
Return on Assets (ROA)
Ratio of operating income to net sales Equity ratio
Debt/equity ratio (D/E) (times)
Price earnings ratio (PER) (times) Price book value ratio (PBR) (times) Dividend payout ratio
Others
Capital expenditure
Depreciation and amortization Research and development expenses Number of employees (persons)
205,090 27,658
 16,292 (10,691) 5,601
2,151
501.95 21.39 15.00
4.2 6.1 5.9
59.0 22.9 23.9
1.0 70.1
10,656 11,014 12,440
7,724
6,730 (13,340) (6,609)
17,852 (15,220) 2,632
  539.81 618.28 14.29 26.96 10.00 10.00
2.8 4.7 4.1 5.1 4.3 5.2
60.8 62.9 22.7 23.5 27.4 14.7
0.7 0.6 70.0 37.1
17,588 13,263 10,393 10,969 12,325 11,881
5,215 5,262
      ■Operating Performance (billion yen) JapaneJsaepaGnAeAseP GAAP
InternaIntitoenrnalaFtiionnaanlcFiainl aRnecpioalrtRinegpoSrttaingdaSrtdasn(dIFaRrdSs) (IFRS)
Net saleNset sales191.0 OperatiOngperating
IncomeIncome 11.2
2010
206.0 206.0 183.4 183.4
207.0 207.0 198.2
198.2 16.9
RevenuReevenue
BusinesBsusiness
211.8 211.8213.0 213.0206.6 206.6209.0 209.0 198.1 198.1
191.0
185.2 185.2
16.9
16.7
16.7 19.3
19.3 17.3
17.3
2018 2019
16.6
2019 2020
16.6
(2fi0s2ca0l y(efiasrc)al year)
 14.3
14.3
     11.2
4.7 20102011
10.7
10.7 10.9
20132014
10.9 10.2
10.2
profit
profit
8.0 8.0
4.7
20112012 20122013
20142015
20152016
2016
2016
2016 2017
2017 2018
  058 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 059