Creating a hopeful and bright future with electronics and mobility by providing material solutions.
Director Senior Managing Executive Officer
Sumitoshi AsakumaFiscal 2020 segment business performance ● Revenue
 ¥57.266billion
● Business profit ¥9.439billion
Year on year
Up 14.9
Year on year
Up 22.8
%
%
01. Expansion of semiconductor encapsulation materials share
・Further expansion from the top global share of 40%
02. Expansion of mobility-related business
・Materials for fixing motor magnet, direct molding materials for ECU, materials for power modules, etc.
・Newly installed European production line ・Newly established department specializing in
mobility materials
03. Acquiring a position in a changing society
・CS strategy & forward-thinking proposals using rapid information gathering and customer response
・Promotion of collaborative development with customers at Open Lab facilities worldwide
04. Establishing a flexible production structure
・Always maintaining top-level quality, while also giving production the latitude necessary for a flexible production system
05. Organizational reinforcement for strategic execution
・Building a solid production structure
・Creating an organizational culture that heightens personal autonomy and organizational flexibility
Strengths
・World's top share of product lineups including semiconductor encapsulation materials
・Global business structure integrating with R&D, manufacturing and sale forces
・Advanced materials, process and evaluation technologies
・Relationships of trust built with stakeholders worldwideTOPIC
Together with our newly established production line in Europe, and the capacity increase in China, we are considering production line construction in the United States during fiscal 2021. Since this will be a year in which not only semiconductors but also mobility applications we have been pursuing as development projects make a contribution to sales, I think it is crucial that we solidly build up our production structure. In terms of strategy, our aim is to add to our business performance with new products that have been under development, such as encapsulation materials with improved dielectric, magnetic or thermal properties, solder-alternative high-heat conductive paste, photosensitive materials for layer redistribution, and substrate materials for next-generation packages.
Global production system augmentation together with exploration of new-product sales channels
 Substrate materials for packages
Opportunities
・Acceleration of vehicle electrification, EV conversion
・Advances in IoT and 5G ・Expansion of smart society (energy
conservation), environmental
consciousness ・Increased demand for
telecommunications devices due to expanded telework, etc.
Weaknesses
・Susceptibility to market conditions
・High dependence on specific products
Threats
・Future uncertainty due to U.S.- China trade friction, etc.
・Intensified competition for main products
・Rising raw material prices due to Chinese environmental regulations
Business Overview by Segment
  Semiconductor Materials
Primary SDG targets
Strategic products
Materials for fixing motor magnets
     ■A review of fiscal 2020
Our primary products in this segment, in which we have maintained the top share of the global market since the 1980s, are semiconductor encapsulation materials, which insulate and protect semiconductor devices. In addition to semiconductor encapsulating materials, we currently also offer numerous other products essential to the semiconductor manufacturing process, such as wafer coating resins, paste for die bonding and substrate materials for semiconductor packages. These are also used in numerous fields including PCs, smartphones and other telecommunications devices as well as motor vehicles, household electronics and industrial equipment.
Our strength lies in our development prowess and production structure enabling us to respond rapidly to customer needs. We have established locations with structure integrating with R&D, production and sales forces in Japan (Fukuoka), China (Suzhou), Singapore, and Taiwan (Kaohsiung), all
of which have built systems for the same level of quality assurance. At each of our Asian business sites, as well as in Europe and the United States, we have established Open Lab facilities where we can engage in development together with customers. Through prototyping and evaluation with our customers, we can discover issues and take remedial steps rapidly, leading to new development projects. Making the most of our advantage in having multiple highly competitive products with high market share, we link up our operations globally while putting rapid information gathering and customer response into practice.
We continue to strengthen our partnerships with supply chain players such as manufacturers of raw materials and equipment. We thus build relationships of trust by proposing solutions that anticipate customer needs so that we not only can supply materials, but also contribute to our customers’ value creation starting from the development phase.
Starting off with unforeseeing circumstances, we kept cost outlays to a bare minimum, while establishing a flexible production system. During the first half, demand for some of our products diminished as some customers halted operations. At the same time, however, the increase in working from home boosted demand related to personal computers, tablets and telecommunications devices. In the second half, a note of recovery in the automotive industry and the spread of 5G smartphones expanded semiconductor demand. This led to record-high sales thanks to favorable performance of our mainstay products like semiconductor encapsulation materials, wafer coating resins, paste for die bonding and substrate materials for semiconductor packages.