Contributing to abundant people's living, society and environment by providing plastics with superior functionality.
Director Managing Executive Officer
Takashi KobayashiFiscal 2020 segment business performance ● Revenue
 ¥78.583 billion
● Business profit ¥6.613 billion
Year on year
Up 10.4
Year on year
Up 18.8
%
%
01. Product development and service enhancement with the customer’s intentions in mind
・Response to consumption trends under the COVID-19 pandemic
02. Acceleration of SDG-contributing product development
・Business oriented toward environmental and social issues
03. Globalization of the films and sheets business
・Expanded market share in China
04. Focus on generating synergies with Kawasumi Laboratories
・Focus on R&D of specially controlled medical devices (Classes III & IV)
05. Rapid commercialization of biotechnology- related products with high added value
06. Enhanced sales expansion through DX
Strengths
・High market share in each niche market
・Accumulated technologies
for polymer design, microfabrication and assembly
・Polarization, optical control technology
・Sales activities with CS firstTOPIC
Through our films and sheets business, our aim is to expand the market for skin packaging, which contributes to reductions in food loss by prolonging the use- by dates and delicious freshness of meats. In the field of packaging materials, we are introducing new environment-responsive products by using biomass plastics, reducing waste volume, switching to mono-materials, etc. In the field of healthcare, we plan to bring to market a succession of medical devices featuring minimal invasiveness. While remaining aware of SDGs, we will continue to manufacture products that are kind to people, society and the environment.
Remaining strongly aware of SDGs while focusing effort on manufacturing products chosen by consumers and society
 Promoting the introduction of environment- responsive products in packaging materials for food, pharmaceutical, etc.
Opportunities
・Aging, healthy and long-life society
・Advancement of medical care and expansion of minimally invasive treatments
・Crucial importance of early diagnosis
・Food safety, environmental orientation
・Recovery of the Chinese market from the COVID-19 pandemic
Weaknesses
・High dependence on domestic market
・Maturity of the building materials market
Threats
・Intensified competition in markets for main products
・Prolonged development, approval and licensing of medical devices
・Shortage of experienced, skilled construction personnel
・Orientation toward plastic reduction in daily living
・Difficulty discovering new customers due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Business Overview by Segment
  Primary SDG targets
Strategic products
Aortal stent graft In-vitro diagnostics skin packaging Optical-related products for mobility equipment such as automotive head-up
display
While responding to changes in society and people's living, ■improving product development and services
 Quality of Life Products
     ■A review of fiscal 2020
The four businesses that combine to form this segment produced aggregate increases in both revenue
and profit, although performance by business division was uneven. The films and sheets business quickly established a remote work structure, achieving increased revenue and profit without slackening its speed of sales and development. Both healthcare (medical devices and bio-related products) and industrial functional materials businesses suffered reduced revenue due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections, while also maintaining profit due to cost-cutting. The waterproofing-related business saw declines in both revenue and profits due in part to reduced numbers of domestic housing starts and postponement of construction projects.
Developing future mainstay business of this segment with identifying ■industrial trends at recovery
SWOT analysis
Business strategy overview for fiscal 2021
As one of the future visions of this segment, we set a target of making the films and sheets business global. Given the fact that telework is expanding worldwide, the PC, server and semiconductor markets are expected to maintain their favorable tone, as 5G smartphones also achieve robust business performance. Having emerged early on from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chinese market in particular is expected to provide opportunities for accelerated expansion in the areas of industrial and medical sheets and films by bringing to the market new products that are a good fit with local needs.
In the healthcare business as well, the synergy in our medical devices business generated by the consolidation with Kawasumi Laboratories is aimed at increasing our market presence. Moving forward, we plan to pursue R&D primarily on specially controlled medical devices (Classes
III & IV), which are less susceptible to redemption price declines. In biotechnology-related business, we have set a course for unified management of the S-BIO Business Division and the Bio&Science Research Laboratory, which were established in April 2021, with SB Bioscience. While establishing a structure for rapid commercialization of products with high added value, our objective is to expand business operations by generating demand with the momentum created by the Japanese government’s medium-term plan for a bio-economy.
With no conclusion to the COVID-19 pandemic currently in sight, it appears quite likely that sales activities will be limited for some time. In particular, since the face-to- face sales work involved in discovering new customers is expected to remain in difficulty, we will focus effort on expanding sales through DX.
Many items in this segment are related to people’s daily living and health, including medical, food and home products, and are not readily impacted by external factors such as the global economy. In addition, domestic sales represent about 90% of gross sales in this segment, and the industrial sector is also broad in scope, so that from an overall perspective the impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections was not great.
At the same time, the COVID-19 pandemic provided an occasion to revise business models. This segment contains a blend of BtoB and BtoC business models. Conventionally, there were many cases in which a different strategy had
been established for each. Last fiscal year, however, the declaration of a state of emergency had the effect of disrupting the overall economy, and changes in the behavior patterns of business partners and consumers made it necessary to rethink our business strategies, even those for BtoB operations, in light of BtoC operations. Amid the major changes in society and people's living, we believe that the key to future business growth is in product development and service enhancement with the customer’s intentions in mind, as well as finding an overall approach to business that is in tune with global-scale issues and social problems.
   032 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 033