 ESG Initiatives
Details on social initiatives are available on pages 52 to 75 of the Full Online Version.
S     1. A ‘Monozukuri’ Audit at the Shizuoka Plant
2. A ‘Monozukuri’ Audit at the Utsunomiya Plant
3. A ‘Monozukuri’ Audit at Akita Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.  In Japan
Bases/ Plants
Research laboratories
Information sharing
Database
Overseas
Bases/ Plants
Research laboratories
Shareholders and Investors
We are working actively to enhance our corporate value and
regards returning a portion of profits generated by our businesses
to shareholders as one of its most important management
priorities. In allocating profits, we take into consideration the
balance with retained earnings that will be used for the future
development of the business, such as R&D expenditures, capital
investment, and M&A. In doing so, our intent is to continue a stable
allocation commensurate with consolidated business results.
Regarding information disclosure, We carry out appropriate and
timely disclosure of corporate information in accordance with
the disclosure standards of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the
“Information Disclosure Guidelines” in which we have set our
basic approach to disclosing information to stakeholders including
investors and employees simultaneously, fairly, and accurately. 047
Customer Requirements/ Needs and Market Trends
Initiatives
Information Analysis
Review & Selection of Issues
Design & Development (DR)
Transfer to Manufacturing (DR)
Initial Production Control / Production
Sales & Service
Provision of customer value
Voice of Customer
Enhancing Customer
Satisfaction (CS)
Our Group promotes “One Sumibe” as one of the key measures. These are activities through which we can provide Company- wide value and better happiness to our customers, rather than deriving from an individual department. By building strong relationships with customers, understanding their deep-seated needs and proposing solutions from the perspective of the whole Company, we aim to make ourselves useful as a problem-solving partner. In fiscal 2020, we expanded the scope of these activities from our customers in Japan to overseas customers as well, and from priority customers to all customers.Through e-learning, we have educated all employees while continuing with Company- wide product study sessions. The four study sessions that we held were each attended by more than 100 employees.
Relationships with
Framework Supporting the Initiatives
 Sumitomo Bakelite Macau Co., Ltd.: Fire drill
Sumitomo Bakelite (Dongguan) Co., Ltd.: Ethylene oxide gas leak drill
S
046 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd.
Integrated Report 2021
President
 Company-wide General Manager of Health and Safety (General Director, Corporate Production Management & Engineering Division)
  Responsible Care Committee
Production Management & Engineering Division Corporate EHS Promotion Dept.
  General Manager of Health and Safety (Each business site Manager)
  Health and Safety Committee at each plant
Industrial physician
  Safety Task Forces in each department and section
Departmental Manager of Health and Safety
Workplaces
Superintendent,
Team Leader, Leader Operator
Health and Safety Staff
    Strict assessment Improvement of Improvement of Process quality Quick sharing of quality of issues design quality process quality control information and speedy response to issues found
● Implementation of the quality assurance function of the mother site ● Process improvement (new product development review, project review, design and development quality indices, etc.) ● Appropriate go/stop decisions at each milestone ● Change control ● Participation and collaboration of the divisions concerned from the initial stage of design and development ● Prevention of quality problems through reliability engineering, FMEA, DRBFM and FTA ● Close assessment during design reviews ● Reflection of the voice of customer through utilization of support tools, etc.  
  ● Defining rules
● Building organizations ● Fostering human
resources
 Safety data, information on laws and regulations, etc. are applied to chemical substance management.
ESG Initiatives
ESG Initiatives
  Initiatives to Promote the Advancement of Women
TOPIC My Jinken Declaration
As part of our effort to realize a society in which everyone respects each other’s
human rights, we became a participant in the My Jinken Declaration program in June 2021.
* The My Jinken Declaration is an initiative in which companies, organizations, and
individuals declare that they will take actions to respect human rights in order to realize a society in which everyone respects human rights.
Relations with Local Communities
S
  We acknowledge that it is important for each of our employees to be able to play active their roles and demonstrate their individuality so that we are able to respond to the diverse needs of our customers, and we promote this diversity of talent. Within this, we recognize there are issues that we must actively address concerning the promotion of female advancement, and we are working to provide gender-neutral personnel training and create workplaces in which people can play active roles regardless of their gender. These initiatives are monitored and reviewed by the Responsible Care Committee. By April 2020 we had reached more than 30 female managers, for a female management staff ratio exceeding 3%. Moreover,
Work-life Balance
We promote the creation of workplaces that are comfortable in terms of work-life balance in keeping with these objectives:
❶ To promote flexible approaches to work, while also reducing overtime hours and promoting the full use of annual leave entitlements, and encourage employees to devote the additional time available to worthwhile non- work activities, such as educational pursuits and activities related to family and communities.
❷ To offer a greater diversity of working styles that benefit employees who must deal with major life events, such as marriage, childbirth, and child rearing, and thus contribute to nurturing the next generation. We are deliberating and phasing in policies that will be effective in achieving these goals.
From June 2020, eligibility for child nursing care leave was expanded from employees with children up to the third grade
we formulated a new action plan in April 2020. The action plan addresses the issue of the low ratio of female career- track employees by calling for “a ratio of female career-track recruits of 20% or more each year.” This target specified in the action plan is being pursued beginning in fiscal 2020.
Of newly graduated recruits in fiscal 2020, the ratio of women was 19.4% (6 women among a total of 31 newly graduated recruits). We are also offering career education to raise awareness of diversity management in relation to management staff, and to foster awareness of career development for female employees.
at elementary school to those with children up to the sixth grade, and use of accumulated annual paid vacation is also possible. Also, in January 2021, we enabled employees to acquire child nursing care leave and family care leave in hourly increments, so that these can be accrued either in ten-minute or one-day increments. We will continue to implement such initiatives as part of efforts to further promote better work- life balance. We are focusing on creating an environment in which our employees can achieve their goals for both work and life events (such as childbirth and childcare). We are also encouraging employees to proactively utilize various programs provided by our Group to help them deal with important life events, and since the implementation of childcare leave and nursing care leave programs, the proportion of employees returning to work after taking childcare or nursing leave has been almost 100%.
My Jinken Declaration
Biodiversity Conservation Initiatives
Following the philosophy of our Responsible Care Activity Guideline, we recognize the importance of conserving biodiversity. We are promoting environmental impact reductions, compliance with our procurement policy, and dialogue with communities through preservation activities at biotopes set up at some of our business locations.
Biotope general information sign
Elementary school excursion and lesson
  Support for Education of the Next Generation (Fujieda City Science Education Support Project)
We are taking the lead in providing support for the education of the next generation as part of an industry-government-academia partnership in cooperation with other companies with production plants located in and around Fujieda City, Shizuoka Prefecture, an initiative that has been ongoing since 2009.
Although implementation was postponed in FY2020 due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19 infections, events held up to this point have received high praise from local government and school officials. Future events are scheduled to include online formats.
Views from FY2019
  Human Resources Development
Relations with Local Residents and Participation in Local Events
We believe that the growth of each and every employee is a driving force behind the sustainable growth of our businesses. For this reason, we recognize that human resources development is a critical aspect of management. We have established a policy on human resources development and actively offer education so that employees can take action toward their own personal and professional growth. The Responsible Care Committee monitors and reviews these initiatives.
In September 2007, we opened the Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. School (SB School) as an in-house training institute.
The aim of SB School is to provide lifelong education and training courses that help our Group achieve sustainable growth of business operations while maximizing corporate value. The school offers courses for all grades of employees from all departments. These include “all-employee education” courses that confirm and reinforce employees’ awareness of the Company’s Business Philosophy as well as fundamental knowledge about such issues as enhancement of CS, compliance, human rights, occupational safety, quality, and environmental protection. The school also systematically plans and implements various other kinds of educational and training courses needed by employees. During fiscal 2020, many of the educational programs were changed from in-person to remote formats due to the impact of COVID-19. During the year April
2020 through March 2021, the cumulative participation in SB School courses was about 25,000 employees, and the number of hours of education provided was approximately 33,300. We will plan and implement an increasingly wide range of programs to develop the capabilities of all employees—the Company’s most precious management resource.
● SB School and Human Resource Development Human Resources
We are working to enhance the welfare of local communities by proactively interacting with local residents and participating in local events to deepen our ties with them, as well as engaging in volunteer activities and making
donations. We also cooperated with local government bodies and medical facilities during fiscal 2020 on suppressing the spread of COVID-19 infections.
 TOPIC
Face shield donation, stockpile agreements
  Development
Evaluation and Placement
Business Objectives
• Linkage with Corporate Management Objectives
• Establishment of Appropriate Targets
• Interview with Superiors
In order to suppress the spread of COVID-19 infections, our Company Group manufactures face shields and ensures that they can be used in regional community safety measures by donating them to local government bodies and entering into stockpile agreements.
Shizuoka Plant: Face shield donation (left)
    048 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 049
• •
As COVID-19 infections spread, hospitalizations increased in tandem with the rising infection rate. Many hospitals did not have sufficient personal protective equipment (PPE) to deal with the increase in caseload.
The area of Northeastern Ohio, where Promerus, LLC is located, was no exception. A call for PPE donations was put out to the general public through the health department. With Promerus, therefore made two donations of PPE through the Summit County Public Health Department to support local medical professionals, including a total of 11,400 gloves, 36 safety goggles, 3 face shields and 1,000 shoe covers, as well as protective clothing.