Aiming to make our customers' dreams a reality by expanding the possibilities of plastic through technological innovation.
Director Managing Executive Officer
Goichiro KuwakiFiscal 2020 segment business performance ● Revenue
 ¥72.559 billion
● Business profit ¥3.491 billion
Year on year
Down 14.5
Year on year
Down 14.1
%
%
01. Continual adjustment of administrative stature in keeping with demand fluctuations
・Through capital expenditure, production consolidation and SBPS activities, advancing thorough, continual adjustments to our administrative stature by cutting fixed costs
02. A strong and profitable high-performance plastics business recovery resulting from innovative strategy
・Introducing new products that break through previous limitations ・Building a new production process incorporating AI ・Competitive quality and costs due to high-speed
development enabled by MI
03. Expansion into new markets & business domains in anticipation of changes in market climate
・Focus on mobility, energy, aero markets ・Accelerating offerings of environment-responsive materials
04. Acquisition of partners through M&A, OEM, technology tie-ups
05. Deeper One Sumibe Activities and new product releases in search of three new elements: new markets, new customers and new applications
Strengths
・Technological prowess built as a pioneer in thermoset resins ・A total value chain for resins,
molding compounds and
molded parts
・Global business structure with four
regions responding to major markets
・Relationships of trust built with customers worldwideTOPIC We are introducing diverse new products while promoting One Sumibe Activities
 We are focusing efforts not on the high-performance plastics business alone, but also on cross-organizational One Sumibe Activities. In development, there are three new elements we seek in partnership with other departments: new markets, new customers and new applications. In manufacturing, we make the most of our global deployment of production sites, even cooperating in starting up mass production of products for other business operations. We offer new products to meet the needs of society. These include materials with high heat dissipation materials for power modules, materials with high dimensional accuracy for automotive uses, and highly heat-resistant materials for display devices, as well as environment- responsive materials such as water-soluble resins and plant-derived modified resins.
Plant-derived phenolic resins (Lignin modified phenolic resin)
Opportunities
・Acceleration of vehicle EV conversion ・Stronger environmental
controls in locations worldwide ・Reduction of aircraft weight ・Increasing demand for flame-
retardant insulation ・Increased demand for
electronic devices due to
expanded telework, etc. ・U.S.-China trade friction accelerating
the trend in China toward domestic production and demand
Weaknesses
・Maturity of main product markets
・Customer bias in aircraft business
Threats
・Intensified competition for main products
・Drastic changes in petroleum prices
・Reduced aircraft demand due to travel restrictions
Business Overview by Segment
  High-performance Plastics
■A review of fiscal 2020
Revitalizing a strong high-performance plastics business ■to win out in harsh competition amid new changes
This has been a year in which the spread of COVID-19 infections has made market changes more prominent. Some major changes have included worldwide first-half automotive market stagnation followed by second-half recovery, U.S.-China trade friction accelerating the trend in China toward domestic production of telecommunications devices and parts, as well as expanded domestic demand, and drastically reduced aircraft demand due to restrictions on domestic and overseas travel. In particular, we worked on shrinking global fixed costs during the first half by persisting in an administrative stature appropriate to sales, and came into the second-half sales recovery with this lean framework in place, which enabled us to exceed initial business performance forecasts.
This is a segment that once came close to producing sales of ¥100 billion and profit of ¥10 billion, but has now declined from the worldwide economic slowdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic. While accelerating our reduction of fixed costs, we are pursuing the three strategies of introducing new products that break through previous limitations, building a new production process incorporating AI, and achieving competitive quality and costs due to high-speed development enabled by MI. The urgent task before us is to use these three strategies as a tool enabling us to make maximum use of the worldwide deployment of our production structure, thereby revitalizing our strong high-performance plastics business.
In the automotive industry in particular, parts configurations are going to undergo major changes as efforts at environmentally oriented electrification are stepped up. As the needs for insulation, heat dissipation, miniaturization and lightweight design become increasingly significant, attention is being drawn to plastic products as the source of potential breakthrough solutions. Our Company must take a forward-thinking approach
to meet these expectations. In addition to the mobility market, I believe our technologies have applications in the energy and aviation markets as well.
Prominent market changes have been accompanied by major changes in supply chains, such that we cannot survive unless we stay at the forefront as a solution provider able to create and impart new functions to our products to heighten their added value. We must be able to handle the process from resin development to application development at a stroke with greater speed than ever before. In order to do so, we need to reliably gain market share so that we can expand business domains from upstream to downstream, and are therefore working on partner acquisition through M&A, OEM and technology tie-ups.
Moreover, responses to climate change such as carbon neutrality and working toward SDGs are essential issues. We are therefore proactively advancing these efforts through business activities with the constant acknowledgement of our stakeholders, including development and market placement of products that are environmentally responsive.
SWOT analysis
Business strategy overview for fiscal 2021
Primary SDG targets
Strategic products
Phenolic molding compound molded as brake pistons
    Tire durability increased by using phenolic resin
Gear pulley made using SiON,
a phenolic molding compound offering high dimensional accuracy
Thermal management materials (heat dissipation sheet)
As a true partner with performance and innovation, ■striving to make our customers’ dreams a reality
In 2021, 110 years have passed since phenolic resins were first produced in Japan. High-performance plastics including phenolic resins are the core business of our Company, which has built up innovative new technologies in responding to the needs of the times, expanding the possibilities. Following our full-fledged advance into global business operations in the 1980s, we established our own worldwide supply network, and earned the trust of our customers in terms of QCDSE*1. Today, we maintain a system that can handle our customers’ business implementation worldwide, enabling us to move our business operations forward on a borderless, seamless business foundation. Our customers know us not just as a supplier, but as a partner that engages with them from the product design phase. In particular, with respect to development of the phenolic resins that are fundamental for us, we position specialists in synthetic reactions all over the
world, where they support our customers on the axis of High Performance Plastic Technology Development Laboratory within the Shizuoka Plant. In addition to our strengths in resin development, innovative technologies for fiber and organic materials that give rise to high performance characteristics have enabled us to gain the top share in numerous market sectors by producing phenolic molding compounds adapted to all kinds of molding methods used in automotive, electric and electronic products, as well as industrial machinery applications. By making it our strategy to practically apply and validate products to make our customers dreams a reality, we serve as a true partner to our customers, helping solve their issues by realizing lightweight, volume production and lower costs.
*1 An acronym for “quality, cost, delivery, safety and environment.”
   030 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 031