 ESG Initiatives
Details on governance are available on pages 76 to 85 of the Full Online Version.
Governance
Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
Appointment and Remuneration Committee
As a pioneer in plastics, we bring “delight” to customers through the creation of new advanced functions from plastics and through the use of its products, with the goal of contributing to value creation for customers and various other stakeholders. For this reason it is important to earn the trust
Management System Board of Directors
We are a company with a Board of Corporate Auditors. As of June 24, 2021, ten Directors (of which three are Outside Directors) and four Corporate Auditors (of which two are Outside Corporate Auditors) had been appointed. The Board of Directors is chaired by the Chairman and Representative Director.
At its monthly meetings, the Board of Directors renders
Board of Corporate Auditors
The Board of Corporate Auditors is comprised of two Standing Corporate Auditors and two Outside Corporate Auditors who serve part-time and have their independence. The activities of the Board of Corporate Auditors and the Corporate Auditors is assisted by one assistant of auditors who serves in another position concurrently and possesses the ability and experience
of society and be needed by society, and therefore, we are establishing efficient and effective structures for achieving management that are highly compatible with society and the environment and for addressing risks facing management, including rigorous compliance.
decisions on important operational matters and receives monthly performance reports and reports on progress regarding important operational matters from each of the Directors. The chair also holds hearings on the opinions of and reports from Corporate Auditors to ensure that thorough discussions are carried out.
including knowledge and experience of finance and accounting necessary to execute business duties.
Board of Corporate Auditors meetings are held on a monthly basis ahead of meetings of the Board of Directors, and also on an extraordinary basis as needed. During fiscal 2020, they met 16 times for an average time of 1 hour, 10 minutes per meeting.
The Appointment and Remuneration Committee has been established to take part in the appointment of Directors and decisions regarding and the amount of their remuneration. It is a voluntary committee chaired by Chairperson and Representative Director Shigeru Hayashi and also consisting of President and Representative Director Kazuhiko Fujiwara and three Independent Outside Directors (this refers to Outside Directors who has been submitted to the Tokyo Stock Exchange of their position as independent officers) who constitute a majority on the committee. These are Hiroyuki Abe, Kazuo Matsuda and Etsuko
Nagashima. This Committee holds deliberations regarding Directorship appointments, including assignments to and dismissals from Directorships, elections and dismissals of Representative Directors, as well as plans for successors of the President and Representative Director. It then reports its findings to the Board of Directors based on the results of these deliberations. This Committee makes a decision regarding items (including systems and policy) concerning remuneration for Directors responding to delegation based on resolution of the Board of Directors.
Executive Officer Structure and Executive Officers’ Meeting
Risk Management Structure
We have adopted an Executive Officer structure, in which Executive Officers, who are appointed by the Board of Directors, are responsible for executing their assigned tasks under the direction of the President based on the policies approved by the Board of Directors. As of June 24, 2021, 18 Executive Officers (including six who serve concurrently as Directors) had been appointed.
● Structure of Corporate Governance (as of June 24, 2021)\
Auditing
Executive Officers’ Meetings, which are comprised of Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Auditors, are held once a month. Here, the policies decided by the Board of Directors and important matters are informed, performance reports are confirmed and reports on the implementation operational status are given by each Executive Officer, and reviews of and information on important matters are shared.
Our risk management structure is described below.
● Risk Management Committee
The Committee identifies major risks that could have a serious impact on our business performance, confirms the validity of response measures to major risks, and gives instructions on what additional measure should be considered to our departments in charge of an individual risk and each business division. In fiscal 2020, the Risk Management Committee convened on four occasions to set targets for measures against major risks, redeliberate methods of identifying major risks, select major risks that must be addressed in fiscal 2021, and to take up individual topics including human and technological measures against business e-mail compromise (BEC).
● Departments in charge of individual risk
When it comes to risk oversight, the departments in charge
of an individual risk draft and promote response measures for our Group as a whole by coordinating with our various departments. These departments include the Corporate General Affairs Division, Personnel Division, Corporate Finance & Planning Division, Corporate Production Management & Engineering Division, Corporate Research & Development Division, Information Systems & Data Processing Department, Global Procurement Division, and more.
● Each business division
Each business division, which includes the sales departments, plants, R&D departments, and more at our Company and our group companies, take various different measures to properly manage risks that arise in the course of performing the duties of their sections and their company as part of their essential duties.
Executive Remuneration
The remuneration of Directors consists of monthly base pay and a bonus. The monthly base pay is fixed based on one’s job title, while the amount of the bonus is determined according to the Company’s business profit during the fiscal year, in order to raise Directors’ motivation to achieve the fiscal year business plan. The annual amount of the monthly base pay and bonus is determined within the total amount of remuneration approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting. The individual amounts of monthly base pay paid to each position of Representative Director / Chairperson, as well as President, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Managing Executive Officer, and Executive Officer serving concurrently as Directors are set. The net amount to be paid for bonuses is calculated by multiplying a fixed multiplier against business profit, and the amount paid to each individual
is calculated by multiplying a fixed multiplier determined according to the person’s title. Outside Directors are paid only a fixed monthly base pay.
The amounts of monthly base pay and bonuses paid to Directors are determined by the Board of Directors as noted above, with decisions entrusted to the Appointment and Remuneration Committee regarding the distribution of amounts of monthly remuneration payments and bonus amounts, which are determined according to Directorship position.
The remuneration of Corporate Auditors consists of base pay (monthly pay). The net amount and the amounts paid to each individual are determined by consultations with the Corporate Auditors within the total amount of remuneration approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting.
 Management oversight
Shareholders’ Meeting
Election Election 050 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2021 051
Election
  Accounting Auditor Auditing Firm
Cooperation
Board of Corporate Auditors
Standing Corporate Auditors Outside Corporate Auditors
Oversight/supervision
Supervision
Business Continuity Plans (BCPs)Internal Audits and Risk Management
Approval of policy, planning, performance etc.
Direction/Instructions
Direction/
Board of Directors (Chair: Chairperson) Directors / Outside Directors
Appointment and Remuneration CommitteeExecution of duties, internal audits, and risk manageme
Cooperation
    Execution
of Duties Instructions
President
   Internal Auditing Departments (Internal Audit Dept., etc.)
Sustainability Promotion Committee
 Risk Management Committee Compliance Committee
Exchange of information
 Executive Officers
Executive Officers’ Meeting Directors Corporate Auditors Executive Officers
Of the foreseeable disasters and accidents that could occur, we regard earthquakes; explosions, fires, and leaks; storm and flood damage; and pandemics as major emergencies. We prepare BCPs designed to ensure the continuity of business when such emergencies occur, and share these with our clients as needed. What is more, we have also taken measures such as ensuring adequate inventories of products and raw materials, ensuring redundancy with our production systems, augmenting our supplies of spare parts, and systematizing our restoration structures.
Our response to the spread of infections with COVID-19
since 2020 has included the establishment of a COVID-19 Emergency Taskforce and a countermeasures secretariat at our head office, which operate flexibly as we deliberate measures to be taken in response to the state of the contagion, such as issuing notices as appropriate. We also consider the operation of these two bodies in revising our Company-wide COVID-19 Infection Countermeasures Manual as needed. We also refer to this manual in our work of formulating a response framework and action plan for each of our subsidiaries in consideration of the differences in laws, regulations and industry rules for the country in which each is located.