Striving to solve the issues of quality assurance and manpower shortage on the front line of manufacturing.
I was assigned to Tohoku Electronics Industry Co., Ltd. with headquarters in Ishinomaki City, Miyagi Prefecture for one year under the Local Company Trainee program that started in 2018. I was assigned to the Quality Assurance Department, where I dealt with automobile manufacturers and interacted with manu- facturing sites to ensure the quality of automobile-related parts. I was interested in the manufacturing industry, including automobiles and machinery, and I thought I had acquired some prior knowledge before I was transferred to the company, but I had to make a series of discoveries in the field and gained a lot of insights.
One of the things that left a deep impression on me was the strictness of quality control. The automobile manufacturer required us to improve quality down to the smallest invisible details and to thoroughly eliminate unnecessary costs. In order to meet these demands, we repeatedly reviewed and improved our processes and other aspects of our operations while listening to feedback from the front line. In addition, although Tohoku Electronics Industry has about 1,000 employees in the entire group, I was forced to be keenly aware of the issue of the shortage of manpower at the manufacturing front line. I believe that these valuable experiences as a trainee at a local company can be utilized in my current work. I am currently working in the Corporate Support Office, providing support mainly to custom- ers in the fishery processing industry in the coastal areas of the prefecture that are still on the road to recovery from the Great East Japan Earthquake. Although the fields and products we handle are different from those of the company to which I was assigned, I believe that the fundamentals of manufacturing are the same. In addition, there are many customers who are facing issues such as quality assurance and labor shortage in the field of fishery processing. My future goal is to contribute to such customers with the specialized knowledge I have acquired on the program and to solve their problems by making proposals that take into account their front line of manufacturing behind the numbers.

Service development from the user’s point of view, learned in the cutting-edge field.
From December 2017 to December 2019, I was assigned for two years to Japan Digital Design ,Inc., a FinTech company that provides services that integrate finance and IT, where I worked on two major tasks. The first was system development. I oversaw the programming of the business automation system RPA, which is also being introduced at our bank, and designed the process for managing it.
The other task was the service planning for digital currency. We worked together with external organizations to design products, procedures for payment, user screen transitions, and legal and regulatory checks. In particular, 2019 is the first year of the “cashless era” in Japan, a time of large-scale initiatives, and it was a great learning experience for me to be able to experience this major turning point firsthand. Cashless is one of the major themes at our bank, and I hope to make use of my experience.
 I learned a lot about digital technology by working in the field of FinTech, but the most important thing I realized was to think from the user’s perspective first. For example, if the system is for internal use, it must be easy for employees to use, and if it is for digital currency, it must be easy for customers to use otherwise, the equipment alone is meaningless. In particular, I feel that until now, some systems have been designed primarily for the convenience of the bank, and I would like to review them once again and change them to systems that focus on the convenience of customers. I also believe that more open discussions involving other departments and more flexible ideas will lead to better services for our customers.
