Productivity Enhancement Strategy
    Paperwork-free × Digital
Strengthening consulting capabilities based on human
Paperwork - free
services through Paperwork-free × digital
Digital
       Interview 07
Reducing administrative work at branch offices and increasing the time spent with customers
 In order to improve the Bank’s profitability, we must increase the amount of time we spend on customer-facing consulting. To achieve this goal, we have started full-scale “Paperwork-free” initiatives to reduce inefficient work and inefficient desk-bound hours.  One initiative with which we are currently experimenting is Centralization to Headquarters. This work can be broadly divided into that of the Operations Group and that of the Loan Group. In the Operations Group, much of the administrative work and time-consuming tasks generated at the branches are transferred to a specialized department at the headquarters for centralized administrative processing. In addition, the Loan Group at headquarters handles the examination and storage of approval documents and contracts related to transactions with customers, execution operations, foreign exchange operations, and other tasks that used to be handled by staff at branches. Centralizing these operations will allow branch employees to spend more time with customers, which will lead to proposals that are more highly specialized as well as tailored support. We are gradually expanding this initiative to cover all parts of the Bank while checking for improvements and problems. So far, the feedback has been positive, and I am confident about the success of this initiative.
 Eliminating paperwork will also have a significant impact on the digital strategy we are pursuing. We can maximize our digital strategy’s effectiveness by thoroughly reducing inefficient operations and then identifying operations that can be replaced by digital ones. In order to go seal-less, passbook-less, paperless, and so forth, we must form a new framework through the power of digital technology. To this end, we are working closely with the Digital Strategy Division on each initiative.
 There is no end to reducing administrative work. In each era, technology evolves, and customers’ needs change. We must constantly review our style and adapt to changes. In the past, we have been too busy to address many issues in day-to-day operations, even if we found them to be wasteful or inefficient. With this initiative, we have received many opinions and ideas from branches toward the realization of Paperwork-free.  In order to accurately respond to societal changes, we will continue to foster a culture within the Bank in which each employee is always conscious about the efficiency of office work and proactively seeks to improve it.
Seeking to strengthen consulting sales
by promoting digitalization within the organization
 Society is changing toward digitalization, so our bank also must change its business model. In order to achieve this, we must first eliminate inefficient administrative work, which will lead to our digital transformation. This will strengthen consulting sales, which are close to customers and unique to regional banks.
 One of the things we are currently focusing on in our digitalization efforts is expanding our non-face-to-face channels. By using non-face-to-face channels, we can collect data that cannot be obtained through face-to-face conversations, which can be used for analysis and research to uncover needs that even customers are unaware of and to propose optimal services. In particular, the penetration rate of Internet banking using smartphones and PCs is increasing rapidly, and we are making ground-up efforts to upgrade and enhance the functions of our Web services and applications.
 On the other hand, RPA has been introduced at the headquarters to automate routine tasks. We also plan to greatly promote the use of AI in the future. For example, in the past, when we proposed services to customers, we contacted them based on their balance sheet at the end of the month. Ideally, it would be more effective to check the trends on a daily basis, but this was not possible, considering the time and workload involved. However, with the use of AI, we can acquire customer data automatically and cross-analyze the data with other information, making it possible to propose the necessary services at more precise times.
 We would also like to enhance our equipment. For example, by having our employees use tablets, we can provide our customers with timely information on industry trends and highly specialized content. This will be a great help, especially for young employees who are still inexperienced.
 While promoting these initiatives, we must be aware that digital technology is not a panacea. In particular, unlike megabanks and Internet banks, our bank is rooted in this region and has a mission to work together with the community. In this sense, we must take advantage of digital technology to enhance our convenience as a bank; at the same time, we must value our unique qualities, such as the fact that our employees will continue to visit our customers and provide face-to-face support. I believe that our mission going forward will be to transform our business model by skillfully integrating digital with non-digital and face-to-face with non-face-to-face.
Reduction, centralization, and simplification of branch office
Promotion of Paperwork-free through the digitalization and
administrative work
expansion of non-face-to-face channels
・Abolition of excessive administrative work ・Centralization of branch operations at headquarters ・Simplification of the remaining paperwork at branches
・Automation and streamlining of branch office operations ・Realization of paperless, seal-less, passbook-less, and cash-handling-less ・Provision of full banking functionality through personal apps
    35 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 36