■ Automating and Streamlining Branch Office Operations with Digital Technologies
We are creating more time to focus on consulting by consolidating the remaining administrative work at the branches to the headquarters and automating it through the use of RPA and other digital technologies.
〈Case Study〉
Credit rating operations in the financing business, etc.
■ Realization of a Cashless Society
Cashless payments are spreading around the world. The central government’s goal is to increase the domestic cashless payment ratio from the current 25% to 80% in the future in order to improve payment efficiency and attract inbound tourism consumption.
In order to enhance customer convenience through cashless transactions, we support debit cards as well as a wide variety of smartphone-based cashless-payment services provided by external companies.
■ Expansion of Non-face-to-face Channels
The Bank is making efforts to expand its non-face-to-face channels, such as the 77 Bank App.Branch Branch
work
work work
Headquarters
 Branch Branch
Consolidating operations
work
 work
〈Compression〉 Digital workImproved efficiency ● Utilization of AI-OCR (converting written text on forms into data) through digitization ● Utilization of RPA (automation of registration work)▶ 77 Bank App
App that enables retail customers to use various services whenever they want without visiting a teller, including viewing balances, or having fun saving for preset goals like buying a car or going on a trip.
  Balance, deposit, and withdrawal details
You can check your account balance and deposit/withdrawal details in real time.
Coupon
We will send out special coupons.
     Transfers and other transactions (Internet Banking)
Customers can log into their Internet banking account to make transfers and other transactions.*
 Lifetime Passbook by Moneytree
By linking up to Moneytree, a personal-asset-management app, users can manage their bank, securities, credit card and point services balances and so forth all in one place.*
* To use this service, users must sign up for the 77 Direct Service and register on first use.
▶ 77 BANK PayB
App that enables payments to be made anytime, anywhere without going to an ATM or convenience store, as long as you have a smartphone and payment handling slip.
▶ 77 Bank app account opening
App that enables a user to apply to open an ordinary deposit account or investment trust trading account from the comfort of their home, etc. at any time without visiting a teller.
口座開設
The 77 Bank Website
for Our Customers’ Employees 77 Web Relations
We are constantly updating this site with exclusive information, such as about campaigns and products that are available only to employees of our customer companies.
    Deposit by Purpose
Clients can set a target amount and deadline for saving for each purpose, such as purchasing a car or taking a trip.
Links to Other Companies’ Websites
77 Bank app can provide links to other companies’ websites in order to enhance convenience by providing local information and convenient information from other companies' services, and the list of links is expanding.
         Rakuten Edy
LINE Pay
PayPay
pring
merpay
docomo Kouza
J‐Coin Pay
Bank Pay
77 JCB Debit■ Collaboration with 77 Card
MORI-NO-MIYAKO CASHLESS TOWN initiative of Sendai’s Central Shopping District is aimed at making the
district the most convenient place to shop in Japan.
With the aim of further promoting the use of cashless payments, The 77 Bank, together with 77 Card, is working with the Sendai City and other organizations to revitalize shopping areas. We aim to increase sales at local stores by utilizing the data obtained from the spread of cashless payments.
Using data to help improve the business environmentSupport Collaboration
Collaboration
    Promote of cashless payments Operation of a bulk duty-free counter
Campaign announcement
Payment terminal deployment
Installation of contracted terminals
Central shopping districtSendai City Central Shopping District Revitalization Council
  "Future Vision"To increase store sales by utilizing the obtained data
    Internet Insurance
Internet insurance is an insurance product that can be completed from application to contract via smartphone. One can also use the Insurance Robot Advisor
for detailed
simulations.
100% Web based Loans
Insurance Review Simulation
With nine questions, customers can get a solid quote and automatically calculate their premiums.
WEB Passbook
WEB Passbook is an environmentally friendly and convenient service that allows users to inquire about their balance, deposits, and withdrawals
without providing a paper passbook. Users can
check transactions from
the past 13 months.
IB Investment Trust
The fees are more reasonable than over the counter. Users can also set goals with the email function.
Investment Trust Information Distribution Service
You will receive information about funds (NAV, distributions and so forth), stock market information and recommendations from
us according to your
settings.
   100% Web based loans are a loan product that can be completed from application to contract via smartphone.
〈Lineup〉
●77 Car Loan ●77 Wide Loan ●77 Educational Loan
●77 Card Loan
●77 multi-purpose Loan
  77 Card issues credit cards for retail and corporate customers and is also engaged in the card loan guarantee business. In addition, 77 Card Co., Ltd. the company is working together with goverment agencies to support the introduction of cashless terminals to promote the further
37 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 38