Message from an Outside Director
Working Style Reform Efforts
The Bank is committed to creating a highly productive organization where each and every employee can perform to their full potential in a healthy state of mind and body, and with a greater sense of fulfillment and job accomplishment. By allowing our employees and the organization to continue to grow together while enhancing our consulting capabilities, we aim to be the bank chosen by customers in the region.   Develop promising human capital —People make companies—
1.Fostering an organizational culture of self-education 2.Enhancement of consulting capabilities through human resources
Realize work-life balance
—From work-work to work-life—
1.Strengthen efforts aimed at reducing total working hours
2.Supporting employees to balance work and childcare/nursing, etc.
Establish an environment where diverse human resources can demonstrate
their full potential
—Rewarding working environments—
1.Strengthening initiatives to promote the active participation of women 2.Utilizing seniors, part-timers, etc. 3.Revision of personnel evaluation
systems
development programs, etc.
3.Initiatives aimed at career development support 4.Initiatives aimed at improving abundant
personal capabilities
Promote health and productivity management —A healthy body is capital—
1. Formulation of the Health and
Productivity Management Declaration
2. Strengthening health management
measures
3. Improving the work environment
4. Raising employee awareness of
health management
Working Style Reform Efforts
    Interview 08
As an outside director, she makes proposals for the further promotion of Working Style Reform from an objective standpoint.
Vision aimed for by the Bank through working style reform
Become the bank chosen
by customers
through improvements in productivity and service
I believe that the role of outside directors is to confirm various initiatives and make recommendations from an objective perspective to allow The 77 Bank to contribute to the development of the regional economy in Tohoku and become customers’ preferred bank. There is a wide range of issues I can confirm, including those that are difficult to notice from within the bank and determining the balance between risk and safety. One of the things I am focusing on is Working Style Reform through promoting diversity. 
another, banks are playing an extremely important role in society and the economy. Being involved in a job that supports the social economy is highly rewarding and helps employees grow as people.
 To address the issues of female managers and career advancement, I think it is important “to deepen the perspective of employees” and “to share information within the bank.” In FY2020, we will continue to hold a number of career seminars and round-table talks for childcare leave participants, and I hope that employees will take advantage of these opportunities to learn management skills based on accepting diversity and communication skills for improving the work environment.  Also, to motivate young employees, it is necessary for management to present a clear vision of their policies and what they are thinking. For example, to make young employees feel that there is a connection between the headquarters and the front line in the field, it is necessary not only to disclose information formally, but also to devise ways to disseminate information that is easy for young employees to understand.  Through the Board of Directors and various events, I feel that President Kobayashi is also focusing on Working Style Reform, and our efforts are making steady progress, such as receiving awards from the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and Miyagi Prefecture as a model company for promoting diversity. I will continue to support the company in its efforts to make further progress.
Promote Health and Productivity Management 
IIn December 2018, the Bank issued the Health and
Productivity Management Declaration and has been
strengthening its efforts accordingly. As for specific initiatives for
Health and Productivity Management, based on the results of the previous fiscal year, we have established a system in which the Personnel Division plays a central role in the management of the program and implements it in cooperation with the health insurance association, industrial physicians and public health nurses.
Outside Director
Emiko Okuyama
In 1975, she was hired as a Sendai City official. After working on the Citizens’ Affairs Bureau and the Education Bureau, she ran for Sendai mayor in 2009 and first elected. Served two terms as mayor, which ended in 2017.
    I believe that if each of our diverse employees can perform their duties with a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment, it will lead to the improvment of productivity and services.
 In 2015, while serving as the mayor of Sendai, I gave a speech at a symposium on the promotion of women’s advancement hosted by the Bank, and I got the impression that the Bank is enthusiastic about promoting diversity. In fact, it has been proactive in its efforts to date, including the establishment of the Working Group for the Promotion of Women’s Participation in 2013 and the Diversity Promotion Office in 2016. When I met female employees at symposiums and seminars, I found that many of them were active and talented, and I felt the need to create an organization that would put them in positions that prompt them to demonstrate their abilities. Compared to 10 years ago, the percentage of women in management positions has increased significantly, but I believe we can increase it further.
President
Manager of Personnel Division Personnel Division
Labor Union
Held "Career Seminar / Exchange Meeting" with Outside Director Okuyama
46 female employees participated
 (Formulated in December 2018)
health nurses
Health Insurance Association
Industrial physicians and public
External expertsExternal evaluations on the Bank’s initiatives
     Certified “Platinum Kurumin”, a special certification pursuant to the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children
Certified “Gold Certified Company” for successfully fulfilling potential of female talents in Miyagi Prefecture
Certified “Eruboshi (Grade 3),” commending general business proprietors meeting the requirements for promoting female participation, pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Women's Participation and Advancement in the Workplace
Chosen as a constituent of MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index, which recognizes companies with outstanding efforts in promoting the participation and advancement of women in the workplace
     Received “Commendation for a Model Business Committed to Creating Attractive Workplace” from Miyagi Prefecture and Miyagi Labour Bureau
   Certified as “Health and Productivity Management Organization 2020 (White 500)”
 One of the themes I am focusing on as an inseparable part of this issue is young employees’ visualization of their career plans, including female employees. If too many employees leave the bank within a few years, the investment in human resources will not be worthwhile, and the transfer of business know-how may be hindered. To prevent such a situation, we need to communicate the job’s attractiveness to employees and evolve into a workplace that appeals to long-term employees; the job of a banker is enticing and significant. With the financial crisis of 2007–2008, the Great East Japan Earthquake, COVID-19, and other unimaginable events happening one after
Percentage and number of women in managerial positions( People) 150
7.7
13.4
149
( % ) 12
8
  ー% 100
 ■ People
4 00
50
90
  39 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 40
March 31, 2010
March 31, 2020
* Notes on MSCI indexes and logos, etc..
THE INCLUSION OF The 77 Bank, Ltd., IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF The 77 Bank, Ltd., BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.