Support for starting
new companies or businessesSupport and development of regional core companiesPromotion of urban developmentSupport for promotion of tourism, etc.■ Launch of the Sendai Startup Ecosystem Promotion Committee
In December 2019, the Sendai Startup Ecosystem Promotion Committee was established with local industry, government, academia, and financial organizations. In July 2020, Sendai was selected by the Cabinet Office as a “Hub City for the Promotion of a Startup Ecosystem” in recognition of these and other efforts.
■ Provision of the 77 Business Startup Support Package
We are providing the 77 Business Startup Support Package, which covers our menu of business launch support services, in an aim to satisfy customers in the foundation stage with needs to optimize their operation, including for accounting and payment.
 This is a package of products and services provided by the 77 Bank Group and business partners that can be used to improve the efficiency of operation including for accounting and payment. We support for a startup with a variety of services.
■ The 77 New Business Subsidy
Since 1998, THE 77 Business Support Foundation has been awarding and subsidizing companies that are actively developing their businesses by utilizing new and original technologies and know-how. To date, a total of 76 companies have been selected and subsidized.
    ■ Cooperation with the "Sendai Future
Generating Company Creation Program"
The Bank works together with Sendai City towards intensive support for the listing of local companies, through cooperation in the Sendai Future Generating Company Creation Program implemented by Sendai City.
 This program provides intensive support for stock listing, after recruiting and selecting local companies that could possibly be listed within roughly five years, and certifying them as Sendai Future Generating Companies.
(eight companies were certified in FY 2020)."Sendai Future Generating Company Creation Program” cooperation schemes
 Project partner
The 77 Bank Tokyo Stock Exchange Tohoku University
Listing
Certified company
Sendai city Operation
Cooperating companies / organizations ■ Support for Y.K. Sugawara
Y. K. Sugawara(Taiwa Town, Miyagi Prefecture), which cultivates Date Iwana, a specialty fish product of Miyagi Prefecture, suffered extensive damage from Typhoon No. 19 in 2019, making it difficult to continue cultivating the fish. The Bank proposed that Sugawara raise funds by crowdfunding for restoration of the aquaculture facility and of communicating the appeal of the product to a wide audience. For that purpose, we introduced our business matching partner, Music Securities Inc.
Support for the post-disaster business restoration, by utilizing crowd-fundingSecuring funds for business continuityBusiness continuity at regional industries
Publicity for the value of “Date Iwana (Japanese char)”  Scenes of damage in the aftermath
Date Iwana,
Miyagi Prefecture’s local specialty
Photograph Source: Project pages by Music Securities, Inc.
■ Promotion of PPP / PFI project
In response to an expected increase in PPP/PFI projects led by municipal governments stemming from a declining population and aging public facilities, The Bank has further strengthened relationships with municipal governments, through initiatives including involvement in the project from the formulation stage. To date, the Bank has participated as a financing financial institution for 13 PPP/PFI projects in Miyagi Prefecture, and has conducted arranger services as the main bank for seven of these projects.
Track record of the Bank’s PPP/PFI project in Miyagi Prefecture
 ownerProject
Sendai City Sendai City Tohoku University
Ishinomaki District Integrated Administration of a Large Region Office Work Association
Sendai City
Ishinomaki District Integrated Administration of a Large Region
Miyagi Prefecture Miyagi Prefecture Higashimatsushima City
Onagawa Town
Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism
Sendai City Tohoku University
Matsumori Plant Related Civic Facilities Development Project “Spopark Matsumori”
Observatory Development and Operation Project Sanjo Student Dormitory Development Project
Fire Department Headquarters Transfer and Development Project
Nomura School Lunch Center Development Project
Office Work Association/ Nursing Home Improvement Project “Mansei-en”
Fire Academy Transfer and Development Project Education and Welfare Complex Development Project School Lunch Center Development Operation Project
Onagawa Seafood Processing Complex Wastewater Treatment Facility Development Project “Fishery Support Ogawa”
Sendai Airport Special Operation Project
Minamiyoshinari School Lunch Center Development Project
Aobayama University House Development Project
 ■ Support for the Kawa Machi Terasu Yuriage Co., Ltd.,
It was established in September 2017 by a group of local businesses to build, operate, and promote new commercial facilities as part of the reconstruction and local development efforts in the Yuriage area of Natori, which was severely damaged by the Great East Japan Earthquake.
 The new commercial facility, located near the mouth of the Natori River, is the first permanent commercial facility on the embankment in Japan and an attractive spot integrated with the waterfront, with restaurants and stores.
 As a member of the local Town Revitalization Council, The 77 Bank has been involved from the business planning stage, and in addition to providing funds and business matching services, we have also provided funds and support to install cashless payment for companies that have opened their stores in Kawa Machi Terasu.
  National goverment
〈Reconstruction  Agency〉
〈Ministry of Economy,  Trade and Industry〉
planapplication and approval
Subsidy
Yuriage area revitalization council
Town Revitalization Plan for the Yuriage area, Natori
Kawamachi Terrace Yuriage Co., Ltd.
Funded and established by Natori City, local companies, etc.
Participation in the council
・Planning support ・Funding
・Business
 matching
・Various financial  support for companies  opening stores
Funding
(Natori City, Miyagi Prefecture)
Japan’s first permanent commercial facility on an embankment
A place of relaxation where tourists and local residents can enjoy a stroll  Businesses in and outside of Natori opened restaurants, stores, a processed seafood shop, and
Photograph Source: Kawamachi Terrace Yuriage Co., Ltd.
The 77 Bank
 Facility Name :
Kawa Machi Terrace Yuriage
Information sharing
  a beauty salon and laundromat for the convenience of local residents.
Miyagi Organization for Industry Promotion
■ Initiatives of the Mutsumeku TOHOKU Laboratory
In March 2018, the Financial Network of TOHOKU Tourism, Sendai Mitsukoshi, and Tohoku Hakuhodo signed a business cooperation agreement with the aim of developing regional industries and so on, launching the Mutsumeku TOHOKU Laboratory.
 We are working on the development of local industries and the promotion of tourism by discovering processed products and handicrafts that utilize the local resources of Tohoku, refining them into new local brands, and promoting their sales.
   ・Identify and collect information on brand development needs of local companies ・Business matching, sales channel development, and expansion support
・Support for industry-government-academia collaboration and inbound tourism development
     ・Provide test marketing opportunities ・Support for product development by  utilizing buyers’ expertise
・Sales data provision, sales planning,   and pricing support
・Provide market data and trends ・Support for product concept and  brand strategy
・Product naming and design creation
 ■ Support for the Akiu Tourism Factory Co., Ltd.
Business owners and business representatives of several companies in Miyagi Prefecture have been working together to make use of traditional Japanese houses and to attract tourists to the prefecture. A 160-year-old traditional Japanese house in the Akiu district of Sendai has been renovated into a tourist exchange center, which also houses a restaurant.
 The 77 Bank has been providing support for efforts to promote the attractiveness of the region as a tourist destination and to revitalize the local community, such as by obtaining a designated financial institution for the use of the angel tax system in Sendai using the national strategic special zone to encourage diversification of fund procurement.
  Wish to create a tourist destination that utilizes the charm of the region
Sharing challenges Business planning Financial consultation
Funding
Cooperation
Sendai City
Special application
The 77 BankAkiu Tourism Factory Co., Ltd.
Funded and established by people from within and outside the Akiu district
    Facility name:
Akiusha
(Sendai Ctiy, Miyagi Prefecture) ・Renovation of a 160-year  old house
・Provision of food using  local agricultural products ・Introduction of local  culture, hands-on  experiences
 ・Setting up a bicycle  touring course
First in Japan
Utilization of the National Strategic Special Zone version of the Angel Tax System (*)
* If an individual invests in a small business less than three years old that is engaged in a business startup or employment promotion, he or she will receive preferential tax treatment, and the amount of investment minus ¥2,000 will be deducted from his or her gross income for the year.
   Discovering and disseminating the attractiveness of the Akiu District in cooperation with various parts of Tohoku
 Easier to solicit investment from individual investors, expanding the scope of fundraising
Photograph Source: Akiu Tourism Factory Co., Ltd.
Obtained certification as a designated financial institution under the angel tax system
 ■ Supply of funds by 77 Capital Co., Ltd.
The 77 New Business Fund, which The 77 Bank established with its group company 77 Capital Co., Ltd. supports the growth of companies in various life stages, mainly by providing capital funds.
 Kakiya Co., Ltd. (Shiroishi City, Miyagi Prefecture) manufactures processed marine products such as salmon flakes and squid okra as well as daikon garnish to accompany sashimi made from locally grown Zao Kogen Daikon and cut vegetables made from its own produce, and it sells them widely throughout Japan. The company is working on the succession of the business from the founding owner and is making efforts to expand products that meet consumer needs and to enhance manufacturing facilities to increase supply volume. The 77 Bank and 77 Capital Co., Ltd. proposed raising funds through equity as part of efforts to strengthen their management structure. The company aims to achieve further growth by utilizing the obtained funds.
Investment and Operation
77 Capital
Venture company
The 77 New Business Funds (Total fund amount : ¥ 1 billion)
Growth capital supply Management support
Companies in foundation and growth stage
Investment
The 77 Bank
Companies in the second startup
     77 Capital Co., Ltd.
77 Capital’s main business activities include the formation and management of investment limited partnerships (funds). In addition to providing a wide range of funding in response to the business characteristics and needs of companies, the company is actively engaged in company development and company support through investment and is working to improve regional value.
33 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 34