■ Responding to Environmental Issues
The 77 Bank is actively participating in activities to tackle environmental issues, such as forest conservation and installation of energy-efficient facilities.

Forest conservation activities
The Bank’s executives and new employees from FY2019 planted 1,000 black pine seedlings in the Arahama District of Sendai City, based on the “Citizens’ Reforestation Activities to Restore the Miyagi Coastal Forests” agreement that was entered into with Miyagi Prefecture, etc. in September 2018 as part of the 140th Anniversary Project. The tree planting area has been named the “77 Forest for the Future,” and will be managed as a coastal disaster prevention forest to protect the region from disaster.

Environmental conservation activities through financial products and services
The Bank supports companies and individual customers actively involved in social contribution activities, such as those for environmental conservation through the provision of environmentally friendly financial products and services.
・Products for Businesses
We offer the 77 Social Contribution Activities Support Loan and the77 ESG Privately Placed Corporate Bond for companies engaged in efforts such as the prevention of global warming and the introduction of recycling-related equipment.

We started offering the 77 ESG Japanese Equities Open (Alias:Miyagi no Kizuna) to commemorate the 140th Anniversary of our foundation. The fund donates a portion of the trust fees that the Bank has received to restore the coastal disaster prevention forest, which suffered catastrophic damage from the Great East Japan Earthquake.

Conducting Material Recycling
We participated in the BRING project that the JEPLAN, INC. organized to recycle the used office uniforms of female employees, which were disposed of as industrial waste, into materials that can be reused as new resources.
Material recycling is a system of collecting used clothing and reusing them as materials or raw materials for new products. It is considered to be effective in combating global warming because it can reduce CO2 emissions by about 55% when one uses recycled materials to manufacture clothing.