Business Evaluation InitiativesMajor external support organizations
The Shoko Chukin Bank Nihon M&A Center
Tokyo Stock Exchange
REVIC Tohoku University Miyagi University
Development Bank of Japan
 Japan Finance Corporation
 Miyagi Organization for Industry Promotion
 Sendai Chamber of Commerce and Industry
 The 77 Bank Group77 Bank77 Lease77 Shin-Yo Hosyo77 Card77 Securities77 Research and Consulting77 Capital Cultivate and capture diverse customer needs
by business evaluations
Offer solutions by demonstrating consulting functions
Clients
Issues for enhancement of corporate valueBusiness plan formulationFinancial position improvementFundingSecuring of HRBusiness succession
M&ABroader marketing channelsOverseas developmentProductivity enhancementInterview 02
 Sendai Haranomachi Branch CEO, MAKABE GIKEN Co., Ltd. Kosuke Takeo Masahiro Makabe
The company’s technology is attracting attention both domestically and internationally. Recently, the company’s excellent powder manufacturing technology has been highly evaluated, and the company has been conducting R&D and developing new businesses in cooperation with major private companies.
  Equipment for manufacturing gas atomized powder, which is the material for metal 3D printers. The demand for this material has been increasing in recent years, and MAKABE GIKEN has been developing and manufacturing it for over 30 years.
We conduct appropriate business evaluations of the business content and growth potential of clients in various life stages, while appropriately grasping and analyzing the current state and issues of the regional economy and industry as we actively engage in business evaluations that provide funds smoothly and proposals for solutions to resolve issues.
We interviewed Mr. Makabe, CEO of MAKABE GIKEN Co., Ltd. which manufactures equipment for developing new materials using Japan’s leading technology, about his impressions and results of our consulting services.
Makabe: MAKABE GIKEN is mainly engaged in the develop- ment and manufacture of equipment for researching metal materials and the materials themselves. One of our main products in recent years has been gas atomized powder production equipment for use in 3D printers for metals. We have been manufacturing these products for more than 30 years and provide high-quality powder production equipment. This is a very niche field, but Mr. Takeo has been visiting our company since before I became the CEO in 2019 to deepen his understanding.
Takeo: Even though I was young and not knowledgeable, you took a lot of time to teach me in detail. It helped me understand the value of your company, which I could not understand just
Image of Business evaluation
 by looking at numbers on a desk. I feel that I was able to provide funding and other support thanks to that. In particular, I was convinced that the development and technological capabilities that you have cultivated over your long history are unrivaled and will be required in a variety of fields in the coming digital age. I have been working with Mr. Makabe for about a year and a half on the succession of the business, and we are only in the final stages of transferring assets and developing the internal management system, but the first thing we did was to develop the financial foundation of the company.
Makabe: That was one of the issues that I felt we needed to address. Since the company’s founding, we have been very much a manufacturing-driven company, and we have never had a solid business strategy in place. In addition, the company is currently going through a transition period. For a long time, our company has been receiving most of its orders from universities and other research institutions, but with the reduction of research expenses, we must now accelerate our expansion into the private sector. Thus, we asked the 77 Bank to help us develop a strategy for financial management and sales channel development necessary for this initiative. You even went so far as to suggest cost setting.
Takeo: As we started working with Mr. Makabe on formulating the business strategy, we felt his enthusiasm for the kind of company he wanted MAKABE GIKEN to be in the future, and this strengthened our desire to respond as the main bank to his expectations. As for the cost setting, I think it has been difficult to determine the appropriate price in the absence of competing products, but after we estimated the value from various perspectives, we suggested that it would be possible to set a higher price for such an excellent and rare technology.
Makabe: In the past, we often took on projects based on the price offered by research institutes, but now that we have an objective evaluation from the outside, we have one standard. In addition, the visualization of our finances has helped us to clarify the path to our sales targets, which has motivated our employees and made them more cost-conscious. Recently, we received an order for manufacturing equipment from France, and we hope to increase our business with Europe, the U.S.,
and other foreign countries in the future, and to receive help in the areas of compliance and legal affairs overseas.
Takeo: Our bank has an extensive platform for overseas business, from credit inquiries to legal risk management, so we can provide a one-stop service. We are no longer in an era when banks only deal with funds. We will continue to meet our clients’ expectations based on our day-to-day relationship with them.
 Supporting the company’s development by encouraging expansion to the private sector, backed up by business strategies.
  19 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 20