■ M&A Cases
In order to meet the needs of our customers, we utilize our extensive network to provide support from consultation to the closing of M&A transactions.
 At Branch A, the M&A specialist took the lead in proposing to Company A, a fishery processor that was considering closing down its business due to the absence of a successor, that the company hand over its business through M&A with a view to utilizing outside specialized organizations. However, there was no progress on selecting a candidate, and the decision to close the business was being made.
 At that point, Branch B identified the needs of Company B, another fishery processor, to expand sales channels and secure human resources through M&A with a business feasibility assessment, and information coordination (needs matching) between the two branches and the head office was speedily carried out to realize the M&A.
 As a result of this M&A, Company B was able to expand its seafood processing business by acquiring Company A’s raw material suppliers and sales routes, and Company A was able to maintain its business and employment rather than simply closing down.  Company B is currently preparing to further expand its overseas business of Tohoku’s food culture (processed marine products, etc.).

We have arranged syndicated loan project finance for the largest wind power generation project in Miyagi Prefecture.
 JRE Miyagi Kami, a limited liability company in which Japan Renewable Energy Corporation has an equity stake, will be the main contractor for the project, which will construct 10 large wind turbines in Kami, Kami District, Miyagi Prefecture. After the start of commercial operation, all electricity will be sold to Tohoku Electric Power Co., Inc.
We believe that this project will contribute to the “Renewable Energy and Energy Conservation Plan” formulated by Miyagi Prefecture with the aim of increasing the introduction of renewable energy and improving the self-sufficiency ratio of electricity. In order to support the promotion of renewable energy projects and the revitalization of the local economy, a syndicated loan will be formed by regional banks in Tohoku to provide project finance for this 42.0 MW-class wind power generation project—one of the largest in scale in Miyagi Prefecture.
Banks in the six prefectures of Tohoku (Aomori Bank, Akita Bank, Bank of Iwate , Toho Bank, and Yamagata Bank, in addition to The 77 Bank) will participate in the project and work toward the scheduled start of commercial operations in April 2023.