The 77 Bank Group members join forces to help customers realize their wishes.
We interviewed Mr. Sato, CEO of Arces Inc., which is working to establish its corporate philosophy and improve its personnel system through consulting by 77 Research and Consulting (77 R&C), a 77 Bank Group company. 
We interviewed Mr. Sato, CEO of Arces Inc., which is working to establish its corporate philosophy and improve its personnel system through consulting by 77 Research and Consulting (77 R&C),
a 77 Bank Group company.
Arces Inc., is a company that develops systems such as weather-related ones. The data provided by our client, the Japan Weather Association, is used in a wide range of fields, including ministries, local governments, media, railroad companies, and road management companies. Recently, we have also developed a system for rockets.
Our company was established in 2010 by becoming independent from a system company headquartered in Tokyo, and we inherited the personnel system as it was. However, as we signed a partnership agreement with a company that was leading the way in Working Style Reform initiatives, and as the number of employees increased, changing the working environment, we began to feel the need to improve our HR system. It was right around this time that Mr. Yamazaki, deputy branch manager of 77 Bank’s Nakakecho branch (currently deputy manager of the Higashi-Sendai branch), introduced us to 77 R&C. So we decided to ask their support.
At first, what we wanted to consult on was the HR system, but 77 R&C suggested that we go beyond that area and first create a corporate philosophy, establish a business strategy, and then develop the HR system accordingly. I was quite convinced by that proposal.
I think the reason we were able to create a corporate philosophy based on the thoughts of our employees was that we were provided with tailor-made solutions to meet the challenges of our organization. Through the process of consulting, including employee surveys and hearings, we were able to deepen communication with our employees and realize that our company was chosen because of the emotional connection between our employees and customers. In the future, we will work with customers to solve various issues on the basis of our corporate philosophy, striving to gain trust by focusing on proposal-based system development while valuing the strong relationship of trust that we have built through our business activities.
We were introduced to Arces Inc., by the Nakakecho branch and had several meetings with the CEO, Mr. Sato. After it had been about 10 years since the transfer of the business, he wanted to improve the personnel system and working environment for further growth. Thus, we proposed the creation of a plan to promote Working Style Reform and a Revision of the Personnel System.
As we interacted with the employees through questionnaires and interviews, we were convinced that we could promote their growth and enhance their sense of fulfillment by facilitating communication between them, which would lead to growth as a company. We discussed various measures with Mr. Sato, and we have supported the presentation of the Working Style Reform Promotion Plan to employees and the Revision of the Personnel System as the next step.
As one of the members of the 77 Bank Group, we will continue to support our customers with solving their business issues in order to live up to their trust.