 Overseas Business Support
The Bank provides overseas business support, including support for overseas expansion, development of overseas marketing channels, and various trade transactions of clients using a broad network led by the Asia Business Support Department, and in coordination with our two representative offices (Shanghai and Singapore), employees deployed abroad in nine cities located in seven countries (regions), and partner overseas financial institutions.
Interview 03
■ Expansion of overseas network
   【Mexico】 Aguascalientes State
(February 2016)
Jalisco State (February 2016)
Nuevo León State (September 2016)
Guanajuato State (September 2016)
     Banamex (September 2016)
The Shanghai Representative Office covers all of China
2
1
3
8
Responding to the diverse needs of overseas businesses with flexible capabilities in cooperation
with local correspondences1【South Korea】
Shinhan Bank and SBJ Bank (December 2015)2【China】 ,
Miyagi Prefecture s Dalian Office (February 2011)3【Taiwan】
CTBC Financial Holding (December 2014)4【Hong Kong】
Hong Kong Trade Development Council (November 2010) The Bank of East Asia(April 2017)5【 V i e t n a m 】 Vietcombank(January 2014)6【India】
State Bank of India (February 2013)7【Myanmar】
Co-operative Bank (July 2017)8【Philippines】 Metropolitan Bank(June 2013)9【Thailand】
Bangkok Bank (April 2011)10【Singapore】 United Overseas Bank (June 2014)11【Indonesia】
Bank Negara Indonesia(November 2012)
6
5
10 11
Asia Business Support Dept. Established in March 2011
 The spread of the novel coronavirus has become a major issue in considering future overseas business development. When facing a situation such as this, especially in overseas markets, it is important to respond flexibly according to the situation at the time, rather than sticking to one particular approach. We are also working on such response, making efforts to utilize more non-face-to-face approaches in overseas business development, which was based on traffic of people. For example, in the area of sales channel development, we are actively creating overseas contact points using online channels. In cooperation with major cross-border EC management companies and specialized organizations such as the Japan External Trade Organization and SME Support, Japan, we are supporting our customers in introducing non-face-to-face channels and building systems for overseas business development.
Shanghai Representative Office
One of the strengths of our overseas business support is that we are able to provide a one-stop service from start to finish for consultations with customers whose needs vary greatly depending on the type of business and the target country. Our goal is to be a “one-stop shop for all your overseas needs” in our consulting business. In addition to overseas expansion and development of sales channels, we also receive many consultations on the acquisition of overseas human resources due to the declining birth rate and aging population in the Tohoku region.
been accelerating their overseas business development, especially in Southeast Asia, and their expansion into Vietnam particularly has been increasing. We dispatch our staff to major financial institutions and Japanese consulting companies in Vietnam to provide the best solutions to our customers’ needs, including support for local financing and sales channel development.
Established in July 2005
4
 7
 9
 In recent years, some of the contents that have been attracting attention from overseas are the high-quality food products of Tohoku. This has been driven by the registration of washoku (Japanese food) as a UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage in 2013. However, many customers of Tohoku’s primary industry said that it was difficult for them to move forward on a single-company basis when they were aiming to expand overseas. In response to this, we have organized the “Tohoku Food Sola Michi Council” in cooperation with specialized organizations in various fields, such as logistics and insurance, to support the promotion of exports of high-quality and safe food, agriculture, forestry, and fisheries products from Tohoku. From a long-term perspective, we believe that by connecting the dots that are products of Tohoku companies and expanding them into a plane of the Tohoku brand as well as by promoting Tohoku’s food culture to the world, we can help businesses increase their sales.
   Singapore Representative Office
Established in May 2016
 Major partner institutions, etc.
*The year and month in parentheses next to each institution indicate the start of partnership
 Despite the constant need for change in overseas business support, our fundamental stance remains unchanged. Unlike megabanks, we have a long history of working with customers who operate businesses in the Miyagi and Tohoku regions. For this reason, we are able not only to track numerical information but also to act on the basis of our firsthand understanding of what our customers are struggling with and what they want to do about it. We will continue to provide the necessary services while keeping pace with each of our customers.
The Singapore Representative Office covers the entire ASEAN region
Assistant Manager,
Asia Business Support Department
Akinori Chiba
 The 77 Bank Head Office Building, 6th Floor
  ■ Number of employees deployed overseas
■ Number of overseas offices of local companies
 We also have one of the largest overseas networks among regional banks in the Tohoku region, which enables us to provide detailed support for the overseas business development of customers in a wide range of industries throughout the region. In recent years, our customers have
Dalian, China Shanghai, China Hong Kong
Hanoi, Vietnam
Ho Chi Minh,Vietnam Bangkok, Thailand Singapore
London, United Kingdom
New York, United States total
Miyagi Prefecture,s Dalian Office Oversees representative office, etc. 3 Financial institution 1 Financial institution
Japanese consulting company Financial institutions, etc. Oversees representative office Japan External Trade Organization Financial institution
1
1 1 2 2 1 1
500 400 300 200 100
0
494 offices 407 offices
2016 2020
Opened Singapore Representative Office
■ Outline of the Tohoku Food Culture Export Promotion Cooperative Association
          Overseas sales channel
Department storeRestaurantOther
 Tohoku Food Culture Export Promotion Cooperative Association (Exporter)
  151 offices
2005
Opened Shanghai Representative Office
300 offices
2011
Established Asia Business Support Department
Support
for the development of overseas sales channels
Trade risk measures
Construction of optimal transportation network
Creating products that sell
1. Provide overseas sales opportunities
2. Provide opportunities for business interactions
    (business meetings, etc.)
3. Acting as an agent for export trade administrations 4. Settlement of payment
5. Reduction of logistics costs
      Businesses wishing to export overseas
  For fruit and For marine products For livestock products For processed goods vegetables Business Business Business Business
 13 * As of June 30, 2020
The Tohoku Food Sola Michi Council* will provide support.
   23 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 24

