 Initiatives for Retail Customers
Interview 04
We provide support for asset succession and asset formation from the perspective of our clients, especially senior citizens.
Deputy Manager,
Consulting Promotion Department
Takayuki Endo
As the role of banks shifts from saving to supporting asset building, we provide services that are necessary for customers at various stages of their lives, from cradle to grave. In the Tohoku region, where the population is aging, we are receiving an increasing number of consultations from senior customers, so we use balance sheets to visualize their assets, such as insurance and deposits, as well as consider the life events expected for their families, and we make proposals to help them spend their lives in a more fulfilling manner. In addition, we are also working on inheritance measures. Many customers used to be reluctant to even talk about inheritance planning, but the Great East Japan Earthquake made them to reconsider their ways of life, and I have the impression that the number of customers asking for advice has been increasing for about 10 years. As an agent, we offer “testamentary trust” services, which include the preparation and storage of wills and
the execution of wills prior to the occurrence of inheritance, and “estate liquidation services,” which include the preparation of an inventory of assets after the occurrence of inheritance, to help ensure an amicable and smooth inheritance.
daily basis and visit customers
with our staff members in order
to develop human resources. At
this time, we repeatedly tell our
employees to always think about
whether the proposals from the
bank side are really beneficial to
the customers and whether they
would recommend them to their
parents or family members.
Customers are well aware that
they cannot grow their funds
only by making deposits, but in
Japan, where there are few opportunities for investment education, there is still a lack of understanding about asset management. That’s why we try to provide them with detailed and easy-to-understand explanations. Our bank also holds investment seminars and study groups for customers, to which we invite them to stimulate their interest in and understanding of asset management.
 My mission as a banker is to give back to my hometown. In particular, I believe that providing support for fulfilling lifestyles in old age and smooth succession of property to the next generation are important missions, and I would like to continue to provide honest assistance from the perspective of a customers.
■ Customer's life event image
Marriage
■ Expansion of handling of deposit accounts and so forth based on civil trust agreements
Under20
Employment
20s
25 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT
■ Various execution support
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 26
Home purchase
30s 40s
Birth of children
Close up
A civil trust is a method that allows an aging trustee to entrust the management of assets (real estate, deposits, etc.) to a trusted family member (trustee) in case the trustee loses the ability to make decisions due to dementia, etc. It is also commonly referred to as a “family trust.” In 2018, we started handling deposit accounts based on civil trust agreements, and in 2019, we started handling “77 Apartment Loans (Civil Trust Account).”
Child,s marriage
50s 60s
Going to school for children
Succession to the next generation
70s Over80s
Pension
Five Steps from consideration to execution of a civil trust
 In the midst of these developments, two specific needs are growing: inheritance tax countermeasures and asset management for the age of the 100-year life cycle.
 With the inheritance tax revision in 2015, we are receiving many requests for inheritance tax planning, especially from customers who are newly subject to the tax. We provide detailed support for everything from the basic concept of inheritance to succession measures such as the allocation of assets.
 As for “asset management in the age of the 100-year life cycle,” more and more clients are becoming aware of their health expectancy and asking for advice on how to manage their assets while they are still healthy. One of the services that has recently become popular with these customers is the “civil trust” system, which allows them to set up a successor administrator for their real estate in advance in case something happens to them. The number of people using this service is increasing because it is a smooth procedure.
 One of our major themes is to develop human resources within the bank so that we can offer the best solutions to our customers. At our bank, we try to acquire the necessary knowledge and experience through training sessions, role-playing based on case studies, and discussions in which a wide range of people, from branch managers to young employees, participate. In addition, we visit our branches on a