Regional Economy Vitalization StrategyInitiatives of the COVID-19 Emergency Support Team and Earthquake Reconstruction Support
Interview 06
financial intermediary services but also consulting services to help our customers solve their various problems. We will continue to make initiatives to promote these initiatives widely so that our customers can make effective use of us.
Mohri: In our initiatives to support the recovery from the earthquake and tsunami, we often said that we wanted to “build back better, not just restore.” This means not just restoring
companies and stores to the state they were in before the disaster, but revitalizing them into a better state with an eye to the future. In response to the current situation, I would like to work with customers to create business revitalization and improvement plans that take into account the next few years and work together with them toward building back better.
 ■ COVID-19-related loan performance
■ Information provision to regional public bodies through public-private collaboration
 Status of loan provision to businesses affected by COVID-19 (cumulative total up to June 2020, including changes in loan conditions)
3,248 cases / ¥245.5 billion
  Utilizing our experience in earthquake and tsunami reconstruction support, we will support our customers with swift countermeasures against the spread of the novel coronavirus.
By utilizing the video conference system of the Bank, Miyagi Prefecture, Sendai City, Tohoku Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry, Miyagi Labour Bureau, and Miyagi Guarantee collectively provided information to all regional public bodies in Miyagi Prefecture as well as some of the regional public bodies in Fukushima Prefecture, on the topics including the emergency economic measures, employment support measures, and financial support measures.
■ Reconstruction Support Policy
In view of the massive damage inflicted by the Great East Japan Earthquake, The 77 Bank formulated its “Reconstruction Support Policy” to contribute to the reconstruction and development of the regional economy. The objective of this policy is to fulfill the Bank’s responsibility as a regional financial institution that should work hand-in-hand with the local region, through the provision of financial services and financial intermediary functions aimed at supporting reconstruction efforts of the region and customers.
    Deputy General Manager, Consulting Promotion Division
Takuya Kyono (left)
Responding to the changing needs after COVID-19
Kyono: Six months have passed since the COVID-19 Emergency Support Team was established, and I have the impression that the number of consultations about immediate cash flow—which were overwhelmingly common when the team was first established—have peaked out. Since May, there has been an increase in needs related to post-pandemic services, such as employment-related consultations and the search for ways to change existing business models.
 In the Consulting Sales Department, to which I belong, liaison officers from the headquarters are stationed at core branches in the region, and we try to respond quickly and proactively while strengthening cooperation with the field.
Speedy decision-making and provision of information are essential for responding to emergencies
Mohri: It has been about eight years since I started working on reconstruction support, and we have developed a variety of measures. We have been able to make full use of these experiences in our countermeasures against the spread of the novel coronavirus. For example, the “on-site evaluation” system that we have developed to conduct evaluation close to customers in the affected areas has been reappropriated for us to make quick decisions on the spot. In the future, as in the process of reconstruction support, it is expected that there will be many aspects of making business plans and management improvement plans. In such cases, we will utilize the know-how we have accumulated so far and respond quickly in cooperation with external experts and organizations.
 In addition, it is important to not only wait for consultations from customers but also proactively approach them and provide information. This time, the unforeseen outbreak of COVID-19 caused even latent needs to erupt at once. We will continue to build close relationships with our customers so that we can respond flexibly to their needs even in such an emergency situation.
The true value of our bank is being tested. This is where our support activities really begin.
Kyono: As a member of the Consulting Sales Department, I am determined to do everything I can to help our customers. I believe that this is a phase in which the true value of regional banks will be at stake, with regard to what kind of companionship and support we can provide from a long-term perspective, even when the future is uncertain.
Mohri: I feel that this incident has broadened our customer base by, for example, allowing us to support sole proprietorship customers with whom we had no previous relationship. From this point on, we will be even closer to the people in the community, and we will become a bank that people can consult about anything.
Together with our customers, we aim not at recovery but at reconstruction.
Kyono: In the activities of the COVID-19 Emergency Support Team, I believe that what we should do is essentially the same as what we do on a daily basis, which is to contribute to the growth and development of local economies by providing optimal solutions that meet the needs of our customers. In recent years, the business model of banks has changed dramatically, and we are striving to provide not only traditional
In "Reconstruction Support Policy" Click here for more information You can see it.
* Japanese Language only
26,750 cases / ¥743.6 billion
Senior Credit Officer, Credit Supervision Division
Masashi Mohri (right)
 All executives and employees of the Bank are working to support the region and the Bank’s customers by tackling various challenges in order to restore Miyagi and the wider Tohoku region to their original states of places brimming with vitality, affluence and kindness.
■ Efforts toward earthquake reconstruction Earthquake-related loan performance
(cumulative total after the earthquake to March 31, 2020) [Corprate]
[Retail]
Number of cases Amount
     Number of cases Amount
Operating Capital expenditure
6,044 2,605 ¥273.5 billion ¥166.5 billion
Total
8,649 ¥440.0 billion
Unsecured
4,389 ¥7.6 billion
Housing Total
13,712 18,101 ¥296.0 billion ¥303.6 billion
860 cases / ¥61.9 billion 175 cases / ¥12.8 billion
 Results of Loans related to Recovery and Development Subsidy Project for SME Group Facilities, etc.
Results of response to the double debt problems of businesses affected
77 Earthquake Reconstruction Support Housing Loans (for collective relocation/ leased land type) disbursements
Results of response to the double debt problems of retail customers affected by the disaster
Bridge financing results Principal investment results
 (Miyagi Prefecture)
Businesses affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake designated by the Corporation for Revitalizing Earthquake-Affected Business
Organization for Industry Reconstruction support clients Number of housing rebuilding
Personal voluntary liquidation guideline support results
Consultations received
Applications received
Repayment plan proposals received Repayment plan proposals agreed to
 by the disaster
188 cases 75 cases
226 times
507 cases 258 cases 216 cases 216 cases
(Zero refused plans)
 943 cases / ¥21.1 billion consultation meetings held
    29 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 30