Initiatives for Regional RevitalizationCooperation with Tomiya school, an entrepreneur development project conducted by Tomiya City
We are cooperating with the Tomiya school, an entrepreneur development project conducted by Tomiya City. The Bank provides hands-on support for this program, including seminars based on our expertise and individual consultations, in order to make it a highly effective program that leads to the further growth of business seeds for those who aspire to start a business in Tomiya City.
  The 77 Bank x Tohoku University x Tokyo Stock Exchange Collaboration Scheme▶ Regional company growth support (IPOs, etc.)
1. Project plan formulation and execution support
2. Share listing promotion and support
3. Distribution of information to the region
▶ Creation of innovation
Listing
Tokyo Stock Exchange
The 77 Bank Tohoku University
Creation of listed companies that generate high added value for the region and high-quality employment
 ・Serve as a conduit for excellent students
 ・Exit for investee companies
 Sharing of Proposals for Business Regional Issues solving problems matchingForum on regional revitalization along
the Abukuma Express Line (December 2016–)
With 16 constituent organizations for revitalization, 5 working discussions were held
[report on collaborative project was produced].
 [Private companies]
Real estate Trading
Construction
Lease etc.
Support Members Financial institutions that have signed cooperation agreementsAnd universities, etc.
Development Bank of Japan Regional Planning Department, Tohoku BranchThink tankTohoku PPP/PFI AssociationTohoku University and Miyagi UniversityCore member
The 77bank
Secretariat: Regional Development Promotion Division77 Research and Consulting ,etcMunicipal governmentsThe 77 Bank
 Raised more funds
than the target amount and succeeded in creating a new local product
 Support for Onagawa Town’s public-private partnership organization through crowdfunding
In June 2020, we cooperated in the formation of a crowdfunding- based fundraising project by an organization to promote community development in Onagawa Town, Miyagi Prefecture, through a public- private partnership, with the aim of revitalizing the town’s industry in the face of the novel coronavirus.
In addition to providing support for the launch of the crowdfunding project and participating in the organization, we have also rendered financial support by contributing to the project’s costs.
   Support for starting new companies
or businesses
In order to create new industries and new businesses in the region, we actively support startups, second startups, and efforts to enter growth fields.
Four priority items for regional revitalization have been set as the following: “Support for starting new companies or businesses,” “Support and development of regional core companies,” “Promotion of urban development,” and “Support for promotion of tourism, etc.” The 77 Bank Group aims to achieve regional revitalization by contributing to the growth of local economies and the development of industries through cooperation with regional public bodies.
   The 77 Bank
77 Research and Consulting 77 Capital, etc.
Tohoku University Miyagi University Tohoku Gakuin University, etc.
Support for promotion of tourism, etc.
Support and development of
regional core companies
We promote business evaluations and provide various solutions to meet the life stages of companies.
  Collaboration with Tohoku University and
the Tokyo Stock Exchange
In collabration with Tohoku University and the Tokyo Stock Exchange, we are working to develop the regional economy by making individual visits to companies seeking to list their shares and proposing the use of the stock market operated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, holding events for venture companies, and collaborating with Tohoku University’s Business Innovation Promotion Program for regional companies.
    Cooperation with
regional public bodies
〈Part 1〉 Presentations by regional public bodies
〈Part 2〉
Information exchange meeting
First “77 Regional Revitalization Business Matching Event” Held
We held the “77 Regional Revitalization Business Matching Event,” an information exchange meeting between regional public bodies that had concluded comprehensive cooperation agreements with us and private companies. The purpose of this event was to promote collaboration between regional public bodies and private companies, which can provide solutions to the challenges regional public bodies are facing. The event saw a very lively exchange of information.
We support tourism promotion projects that contribute to the expansion of the exchange population in order to revitalize the region.
      Regional public bodies with issues and challenges
Formation of Miyagi wide-area PPP platform
Private companies that want to contribute to the community
Tokyo Stock Exchange Development Bank of Japan Japan Finance Corporation SME Support, JAPAN Tokeiren Business Center Sendai Start-up Assistance Network ,etc.
Regional public bodies
Promotion of urban development
We are actively participating in public-private partnership projects and providing support for the redevelopment of public infrastructure.
  Supporting the revitalization of a local railroad line
through industry-academia-government-finance collaboration
With the aim of revitalizing the areas along the Abukuma Express Line between Fukushima City in Fukushima Prefecture and Shibata-machi in Miyagi Prefecture, we worked on a project to raise funds for the production of “Honey beer” through crowdfunding in cooperation with universities, private businesses, and related regional public bodies along the Abukuma Express Line.
With the goal of making the area along the railway line more lively through industry-academia- government-finance collaboration
  As part of the efforts to promote urban development projects based on the “Agreement on Comprehensive cooperation for Regional Revitalization” and other agreements with local governments, we have formed a regional platform as a place to continuously share information and promote dialogue between the public and private sectors in order to promote the use of private capital and know-how in the provision of public facilities and services.
Decline in the number of passengers on the Abukuma Express, a local train that runs through both Fukushima and Miyagi Prefecture
[Honey beer production project]
  Dissemination and awareness-raising function
Human resource development function
Exchange function
Execution support function
Information dissemination function
Public-private dialogue function
Individual market soundings
for each project
・Survey report on the area along the railway line ・Proposals for tourism PR methods
・Proposal for the use of crowdfunding ・Introduction of collaborators and asking them to
 Sennan Sinken Factory
Marusho Sake Store
Ishizuka yohoen
Fukushima College (student)
participate in the project ・Financial planning support
    Regional public bodies with which 77 Bank has concluded Comprehensive Cooperation Agreements for Regional Revitalization (33 as of June 30, 2020)
Consolidation of local resources along
the Abukuma Express Line
Start the project to make Honey beer
Disseminating the charm of the railway line area!
Mt. Kattadake summit, Miyagi Prefecture
           Miyagi Kami Prefecture Town
Murata Ogawara Town Town
Kawasaki Sendai Town City
Iwanuma Zao City Town
Taiwa Shiogama Town City
Kesennuma Misato City Town
Shinchi Minamisoma Tomiya Ishinomaki Marumori Town City City City Town
Shichigahama Kakuda Watari Tome Osaki Town City Town City City
Matsushima Yamamoto Natori Kurihara Shiroishi Town Town City City City
Onagawa Higashi Matsushima Town City
Shibata Rifu Town Town
Wakuya Minamisanriku Town Town
Initiatives of the Financial Network of TOHOKU Tourism
With the aim of revitalizing the tourism industry in the Tohoku region and
communicating its attractiveness, the 2nd FINE+ Tohoku Instagram Photo
Contest was held as a part of the efforts of the Financial Network of
TOHOKU Tourism*. The contest was open until the end of March 2020, and
the initiative was a continuation of the first event held from April to the end
of August 2019, which was very well received and decided to continue.
*The Network consists of Aomori Bank, Akita Bank, the Bank of Iwate, Yamagata Bank, Toho Bank, and the Development Bank of Japan
Hitome Senbon Zakura,
(One thousand cherry trees in one view) Miyagi Prefecture
                    31 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 32sum9-