SustainabilityContributing to Unmet Medical Needs
 RD
Related SDGs
Rare Diseases
 RARE DISEASE Project
Rare Disease Day
From FY2015, JCR has been a supporter of RDD. There are patients suffering from rare and intractable diseases around the world, but the total number of these patients is small, and the disease mechanisms are complicated. Therefore, almost no progress has been made in research and development of therapeutics and methods of diagnoses for some diseases. RDD activities began in Sweden in 2008 with the aim of improving the quality of life of patients with rare and intractable diseases through better diagnoses and treatments. It is hoped that these activities will create a bridge between patients and society, and help to increase awareness of rare and intractable diseases.
In-House RDD Awareness-Raising Activities
To commemorate RDD, JCR encourages employees to wear official RDD badges and raises funds in-house in February every year. Funds raised are currently donated on behalf of all employees to The Support Network for NANBYO Children of Japan. From 2020, as a new undertaking, glass film bearing the official RDD logo has been created in-house, and applied to and displayed on the doors and windows of each office. In addition, magnetic sign sheets
for vehicles have been applied to company cars and other places as part of our efforts to raise awareness.
The RARE DISEASE Project is a cross-sectional internal awareness-raising project, with “What JCR can do” as its motto. We collect information and share it internally to deepen employees’ understanding of rare diseases. We also support and cooperate with patient groups and support organizations that help people fight rare diseases.
At JCR, we promote awareness within the Company by conducting fundraising activities and encouraging employees to wear official badges for Rare Disease Day (RDD), distributing reports on participation by employees in events organized by patient groups and organizations that support patients with rare diseases, and arranging internal lectures for our employees. For each lecture, we invite rare disease specialists and members of patient groups to talk about disease mechanisms and their experiences.
In January 2019, we held our first public seminar titled “Learning More about Rare Diseases” in Ashiya, Hyogo Prefecture, where JCR is headquartered. In addition, we worked closely with the RDD Japan secretariat office to play host to the RDD Internship for Senior High School Students. For this event, we welcomed the participation of students from Kobe Kaisei Girls’ School (September 2019) and Osaka Meisei Gakuen (November 2019). In December 2019, JCR held the first RDD Charity Golf Competition. Japanese professional golfer Masahiro Kawamura, who has been appointed as an RDD Japan ambassador, was invited to the event as a special guest.
     36 JCR Report 2020
 NPO ASrid
Message
Therapeutic drugs truly provide the “Hope to Live” to those with rare and intractable diseases and their family members. In the rare and intractable disease arena, companies, patients and researchers can be thought of as the stakeholders of this field. Each of these stakeholders holds high hopes for “getting better” and “finding a cure.” They are making every effort to realize these hopes.
The NPO ASrid sees itself as an intermediary organization independent of stakeholders. From this position, ASrid strives to understand the roles of each stakeholder and conducts patient advocacy activities that harness patients’ voices. Its activities cover a broad range of fields, spanning not only support for basic, applied and clinical research and development, but also public awareness activities and the preparation of basic reports for policy recommendations. None of our activities would be possible without the support of stakeholders in the rare and intractable diseases arena. The rare disease community is an invaluable asset, and JCR is a member of this community. ASrid holds high expectations for its collaboration and partnership with JCR. By working closely together, we are confident that ASrid and JCR can make the “Hope to Live” come true in the broadest possible sense.
   Yukiko Nishimura President and Founder, NPO ASrid
 ASrid stands for “Advocacy Service for Rare and Intractable Diseases’ multi-stakeholders in Japan.” It aims to serve all stakeholders in the rare and intractable disease arena. The RDD Japan secretariat office is located inside ASrid, and ASrid supports official RDD activities in Japan.
Message
Overseas, professional athletes, as with other prominent members of society, are eager to contribute to society. As a professional golfer, I was looking for a way to give back to society. That was when I crossed paths with JCR’s RARE DISEASE Project and had the opportunity to learn about rare and intractable diseases.
I often compete in professional golf tours in Northern Europe, where RDD activities are popular. My participation in these golf tours is suitable for raising public awareness, and I wanted to let more people know that there is a rising tide of support for RDD activities in Japan. From the summer of 2019, I have displayed the RDD logo on my caddy golf bag, and I have handed out lapel pins and postcards at tournament venues and other sites. I believe that delivering solid results in the tournaments I attend will also help to make RDD known to as many people as possible.
In December 2019, I was appointed as an RDD Japan ambassador. Going forward, I would like to keep on coming up with unique ways to contribute to RDD, while continuing to raise public awareness.
    Masahiro Kawamura Professional golfer and RDD Japan Ambassador
JCR Report 2020 37