SustainabilityContributing to Unmet Medical Needs
S
Related SDGs
The group of volunteer doctors regularly visits a hospital in Benin, a country in West Africa, and undertakes activities to eradicate obstetric fistula, performs surgeries on patients and provides technical instruction to local doctors.
Support for the “Award for Promotion
of Maternal Child Health”
Since 2004, JCR has supported the “Award for Promotion of Maternal Child Health” (sponsored by the Mothers’ and Children’s Health and Welfare Association), as part of its efforts to provide support for pediatric diseases and public health. The Award for Promotion of Maternal Child Health was created to commemorate the International Year of the Child in 1979. The award seeks to encourage the good work of individuals who have made great contributions to society and the field of community-based maternal and child health, in areas such as research on motherhood and children’s health, raising widespread awareness of public health principles, providing practical education and instruction, and upgrading and expanding the development of public health facilities. By recognizing these accomplishments, the award program seeks to further promote the development of maternal and child health.
Every year, the screening committee selects 15 award recipients from among candidates working in the field of maternal and child health and the awards are presented to the recipients. The recipients include public health nurses, midwives, nurses, doctors, dentists, nutritionists, dental hygienists, nursery school teachers, and maternal and child health support workers, who are chosen for the award based on recommendations from the head of prefectures, ordinance-designated cities, core cities and special wards. After the awards presentation ceremony, the recipients are granted the honor of visiting the Akasaka East Residence. There, they receive gracious words of congratulations and encouragement from Her Imperial Highness Crown Princess Akishino.
 Society
 Support for the Swiss Nonprofit Foundation
“Global Foundation for Life Sciences”
As part of its efforts to contribute to global health, JCR has continued to support the “Global Foundation for Life Sciences,” a nonprofit foundation, since it was established in Switzerland in 1999. This foundation supports the advancement of life sciences, provides humanitarian assistance to various medically underprivileged countries and also provides support for the development of young researchers.
One example of the humanitarian assistance provided by this foundation is its support for the activities of a group of volunteer Swiss doctors formed to treat women suffering from obstetric fistula in West Africa. Obstetric fistula is a condition where a hole is formed in the birth canal or surrounding tissues due to inadequate medical care in cases where under-aged women become pregnant and give birth, among other situations, causing chronic fecal and urinary incontinence. The number of fistula patients is approximately 2 million worldwide with about 100,000 women newly diagnosed with the condition every year. The nature of the symptoms means that women with obstetric fistula face difficulties in their daily lives, in addition to some reported cases of harm from social discrimination and exclusion.
Photo courtesy of the Mothers’ and Children’s Health and Welfare Association
©Nicolas Cleuet
 38 JCR Report 2020
Momiji House, a Short-Stay Medical Care Facility
JCR supports Momiji House, Japan’s first short-stay medical care facility for children requiring constant medical care. The facility was built on the grounds of the National Center for Child Health and Development (Setagaya-ku, Tokyo) in April 2016. Momiji House provides 24-hour-a-day medical care for children who require constant medical care at home. Those with serious illness and disabilities and their families can stay for several days at Momiji House, feeling secure and comfortable as if they were at home. Aiming to realize medical care for those living with rare and intractable diseases and their family members, JCR has continued to provide seamless support dating back to the time before the opening of Momiji House.
Providing Information at Academic Conferences
As a company that seeks to be a global specialty pharma in the rare disease arena, JCR strives not only to deliver superior pharmaceuticals, but also to actively provide information on cutting-edge technologies, clinical trial evidence, and related matters.
In February 2020, JCR gave oral and poster presentations on two candidate treatments for lysosomal storage disorders (LSDs), JR-141 and JR-162, which it is developing with its proprietary J-Brain Cargo® technology, at the 16th Annual WORLDSymposiumTM 2020 held in Orlando, Florida, in the U.S. This international symposium covers themes ranging from basic research to clinical applications for LSDs. JCR also opened a booth at the event, where it exchanged information with medical professionals, researchers, and patient groups from various countries. JCR is conducting a Phase III trial in Japan and Phase II trial in Brazil for JR-141, a therapeutic enzyme for Hunter syndrome. During 2020, JCR aims to file an application for marketing approval of JR-141 in Japan. We are also making preparations to initiate clinical trials of JR-162, a therapeutic enzyme for Pompe disease, within three years.
   JCR’s booth at the 16th Annual WORLDSymposiumTM 2020
JCR Report 2020 39