SustainabilityHuman Resource Management
S
Introducing Flexible Working Systems to
Realize Workstyle Reforms
We believe that work and private life are both important. Based on this belief, we have introduced a flexible working system that will help realize workstyle reforms, such as a flextime system and allowing employees to use their annual paid leave in hourly increments.
Creating an Ideal Workplace Environment
Where Employees Can Work Comfortably
Since 2019, we have introduced a “savable paid leave system”* as a new program. Previously, employees working while raising children, providing nursing care and fulfilling other responsibilities would sometimes run out of their remaining hourly paid leave at the fiscal year-end, and would have no choice but to use their annual leave in daily increments. This “savable paid leave system” can be used by employees whenever they need to provide childcare or nursing care to family members, or whenever they need to see a doctor regularly for the treatment or screening of a personal injury, illness, or chronic disease, among other situations. Separately, in order to explore the possibilities of working from home in each job category, we have been introducing telework on a trial basis in some divisions and job categories, and we have been studying the future introduction of telework on a full scale. JCR aims to introduce a variety of systems in order to provide a workplace environment where employees can work comfortably.
* The unused portion of paid leave may be carried over to the following fiscal year. However, under the provisions of the Labor Standards Act, any unused paid leave expires two years after it is granted. The new system allows employees to save and use up to 40 days of their expired paid leave.
Supporting Employees Raising Children
We have provided an in-house daycare center at the Research Institute for employees who are raising children. In addition, we provide a monthly childcare subsidy to support employees who are unable to use the in-house
childcare center due to their work location. In recognition of these and other efforts, we received the Kurumin certification from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in July 2018.
Related SDGs
Society
  In-house childcare center JCR Kids Land
Creating Workplaces Where Women Can Participate Actively
In October 2018, JCR was recognized in the Third Annual Hyogo Women’s Active Participation Awards by Hyogo Prefecture for its efforts to expand career opportunities for women, raise the ratio of female employees in managerial positions (from 5.8% in FY2012 to 9.1% in FY2017), establish in-house daycare facilities, and encourage the participation of male employees in parenting activities. In January 2019, we received Eruboshi certification (Grade 2) from the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare for excellence in promoting the active participation of women in the workplace based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.
Introducing Automated External Defibrillators (AEDs)
We have installed AEDs* at each office, plant, and the Research
Institute, in order to ensure the safety of employees.
* AED: A medical device that restores normal heart function by delivering an electrical shock to a heart that has undergone ventricular fibrillation (a state in which the heart quivers and cannot pump blood to the entire body).
    40 JCR Report 2020
Enhanced Training Programs
JCR is pouring energy into employee training, because it believes that improving employee skills will help it to grow. In their first month after joining JCR, new graduate recruits attend group training. This program covers business etiquette, communication skills, presentations from each business division, on-site training at plants and the Research Institute, and fieldwork training with medical representatives. We also regularly conduct tier-specific training for each employee level. This training takes a variety of forms, such as group training sessions led by external guest instructors and participation in open public lectures held outside the company. English language training also features a broad range of training options and formats, such as group training sessions and web-based e-learning programs.
Initiatives to Foster a Sense of
Belonging within the Company
As a company that values people, JCR commends employees through a long-service award ceremony held on its founding anniversary in September every year, and gives commemorative gifts to all employees. We also hold a founding anniversary golf tournament, in which many employees participate. In other initiatives, we observe Valentine’s Day by presenting sweets made by a local confectioner in Hyogo Prefecture to all employees.
Enhancing Health and Welfare
In preparation for its global development, JCR conducts its annual Study Tour in Europe for employees who have been working at JCR for more than three years. In FY2019, 32 participants visited Luxembourg and Rome. JCR also strives to enhance employee benefits, signing contracts with several outsourcing companies that allow employees and their family members to receive support for leisure pursuits or assistance with efforts to gain qualifications, as well as receive services such as parenting support.
 Career advancement seminar for women
Message
With tier-specific training, we offer a variety of training programs according to job level. These programs range from basic business skills to human resource development. The programs cover a lot of topics that can be put into practice immediately to solve problems and advance projects efficiently. They also provide an opportunity for employees to identify subtle problems in their daily work and fix them. One major selling point of these training programs is that they bring employees together from various departments. This gives employees the chance to swap thoughts and ideas with counterparts in operations where they may have little involvement.
Partnerships with many more people will be needed as the globalization of projects moves forward. In response, I hope to keep on putting these partnerships to work in effective ways, in order to lay a solid foundation for teamwork and build even more attractive teams.
    Toshiaki Ikeda Clinical Intelligence Dept., Development Division
JCR Report 2020 41