Quality Assurance and Stable Supply
StabS
Related SDGs
Society
Ensuring Product Safety
Safety Monitoring System
Given that the safety evaluation carried out when a new product is approved is based on limited clinical trials, JCR prepares a risk management plan (RMP) and continues to collect and evaluate safety information on products after they are approved. The information collected is evaluated immediately and the need for any safety measures is confirmed. Concurrently, JCR compares the information it collects with accumulated safety data and verifies whether there are any changes in trends. Regular safety evaluations are also conducted. If safety measures are necessary, JCR will convey information swiftly and reliably to all users that require it, such as medical professionals, in accordance with its procedures. These activities are implemented and records are kept based on a clear assignment of responsibility.
In order to implement these measures appropriately, JCR has prepared safety management operating procedures and regularly communicates the importance of collecting information to all employees, as well as management. Notably, JCR provides regular training to medical representatives (MRs), who directly interface with medical professionals, as part of its efforts to improve the safety awareness vital to undertaking its corporate business activities.
System of Cooperation among Three Executives
In accordance with the Act on Securing Quality, Efficacy and Safety of Products Including Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices, JCR has set up a system of cooperation among three executives, namely the Marketing Supervisor-General, Quality Assurance Manager, and Safety Management Supervisor. This system is designed to scientifically evaluate the quality and safety of products independently of the Sales Division and Production Division, which are the principal agents of JCR’s corporate business activities. The system decides whether or not to implement product shipment, recall and safety measures, which are critical decisions for JCR. Through this independent governance system, JCR assures the safety and effectiveness of its products.
 le Supply of High-Quality Pharmaceuticals
Quality Assurance Based on Global Standards
All of JCR’s production sites implement consistent management practices encompassing the purchase of raw materials, manufacturing and product distribution, in compliance with PIC/S GMP, an international standard. JCR utilizes single-use equipment and supplies in the manufacturing of its biopharmaceutical products, with a wide range of culture medium and diagnostic agent suppliers in Japan and overseas. Because it also utilizes custom-made items, JCR enters into multiple-year contracts with suppliers worldwide and ensures quality by conducting regular on-site visits according to the level of risk.
Consistent Quality
Biopharmaceuticals require more highly sophisticated manufacturing and quality control than what is required by small molecule compound pharmaceuticals. Moreover, pharmaceuticals for rare diseases require detailed manufacturing plans because a large number of items are produced in small quantities. At its production sites, JCR sets quality targets to continuously manufacture products with a consistent level of quality, and evaluates the status of achievement of those targets every year. As we pursue future global expansion, we have started operating a new quality system to ensure that no differences arise between production sites in terms of their positions on quality standards. The status of achievement of quality targets is reported to management once a year.
Ensuring a Stable Supply
JCR’s products require a longer period of time to manufacture than small molecule pharmaceuticals because they involve more time-consuming and complicated manufacturing processes. Meanwhile, biopharmaceuticals and regenerative medical products have a short shelf life, so it would be impractical to build up inventories. Additionally, since many JCR products are administered to patients over the long term, an unstable supply can be directly detrimental to the interests of patients. For this reason, JCR conducts manufacturing at its in-house manufacturing sites in Japan to allow for flexible manufacturing schedules for important processes. That said, the ratio of products for overseas markets will increase in the future and there is a need to ensure a stable supply during emergencies. Therefore, we are considering manufacturing products and storing key intermediates at our in-house facilities overseas.
JCR Report 2020 43
SustainabilityQuality Assurance and Stable Supply
Logistics Measures
Pharmaceutical logistics operations entail fulfilling supply obligations by delivering pharmaceuticals to distributors, wholesalers and medical institutions without delay, while maintaining pharmaceutical quality from the time of shipment from plants. As a pharmaceutical company without its own means of product transportation, JCR believes that it is crucial to build win-win relationships with carriers contracted to provide specialized transportation services for pharmaceuticals. Notably, JCR supplies pharmaceuticals for rare diseases, and it believes that the transportation of these pharmaceuticals presents issues such as the need for even higher-quality packaging methods and the development of transportation methods together with related contractors.
JCR works to grasp the conditions surrounding pharmaceutical logistics and to make daily improvements. In the process, JCR strives to achieve “seamless logistics” with an internally developed logistics system, along with implementing logistics measures in compliance with Good Distribution Practice (GDP) guidelines.
Due to their physical properties, the products handled by JCR require strict temperature control at all times, including during delivery. Pharmaceuticals such as GROWJECT® are delivered using Eco Thermostat Shuttle (ETS) boxes designed and developed in-house. ETS boxes maintain a constant internal temperature regardless of the outside air temperature. In addition, security tags are attached to ETS boxes to ensure theft
prevention measures and the prevention of contamination with counterfeit medicines, in line with the priority of ensuring the “Integrity of Pharmaceuticals” as set forth by the GDP guidelines. Moreover, JCR has enabled the delivery and storage of TEMCELL® HS Inj. under a constant extremely low temperature of less than −150°C for more than 10 days by utilizing an ultra-low cold chain system developed jointly with MEDIPAL HOLDINGS CORPORATION.
In recent years, in order to address an increasingly serious shortage of truck drivers, the “White Logistics Movement” has been advanced in Japan for the purpose of ensuring the stable logistics activities necessary for daily life and industrial activity, and to support economic growth. JCR believes that this crisis in the transportation industry could lead to a situation where it would be unable to ship products, which could impact its supply obligations. Based on this belief, JCR endorsed the “White Logistics Movement” at an early stage. JCR cooperates closely with carriers by providing advance notice of arrival and shipment information and through other means. By doing so, JCR strives to reduce the waiting time for truck drivers during the loading or unloading of shipments.
Going forward, JCR will continue to build relationships of trust with carriers and to actively study how to secure delivery routes during disasters as a business continuity planning (BCP) measure. One particularly urgent task is to secure delivery routes under unpredictable conditions when there are earthquakes.Voluntary Pledge on Actions to Realize Sustainable Logistics
 JCR endorses the aims of the “White Logistics Movement” and pledges to tackle this issue in the following manner.
 Action Policy
Considerations for Compliance
Clarification and Compliance with the Content of Contracts
JCR recognizes that securing the sustainable and stable logistics essential to business activities is a key management priority. Accordingly, JCR will work to improve logistics by fostering mutual understanding and cooperation with business partners, logistics service providers and other related parties, with a view to achieving highly productive logistics and workstyle reforms.
JCR will make the necessary considerations to ensure that the logistics service providers of its business partners are able to comply with laws and regulations related to labor matters and the motor truck transportation business. For example, JCR will respond appropriately to revise the content of contracts and transportation services in cases where there is a risk of a violation of laws and regulations.
JCR will strive to clarify the content of contracts related to transportation services and non-transportation services such as loading/unloading and inspection. Concurrently, JCR will strive to ensure compliance with the content of contracts by obtaining the cooperation of business partners, logistics service providers and other related parties.
  44 JCR Report 2020