 Electronics Solutions Company
   KANADEN REPORT
2021
 Kanaden will contribute to the sound development of society as an
Electronics Solutions Company
 ■ The KANADEN Group Philosophy
■Kanaden’s Business Model
To continue being the partner of preferred choice knows its customers best, we will pursue high-value-added businesses by increasing our technological and planning capabilities, strengthening cooperation with partner companies and within the Group, and providing original solutions.
We will aim to become an “Electronics Solutions Company” that realizes sustainable growth by flexibly responding to societal changes and contributing to solving social issues.
   - The Reason for Our Being
Creating Added-Value Products and Services for the Sound Development of Society and Industry
Our Vision
- The Goal to which We Aspire
The Partner of Preferred Choice Knows its Customers Best
- What We Value the Most
Preferred by Customers and a Contributor to Society
Sound Management / Technology Trading Company / Enhancing Customer's Corporate Value
Follow a Sincere and Ethical Path
Open and Fair Management / Environmental Management / Open and Dynamic Corporate Culture
Challenge and Innovation
Diversified Human Resource Training / Individual and Organizational Growth / Quality Assurance
Manufacturers Trading companies
Engineering companies
Construction companies
Solving social issues
Customers
Manufacturers Constructors Distributors Railway operators
Others
Customer issues Problems faced by customers
      Group Philosophy
Value
Vision
Collaboration
Engineering
Offering optimal solutions
           ×
+ Added value to customers
Engineering
 Electronics Solutions Company
   1
11
15
17
19
20
21
23
25
27
29
Contents
1 Value Creation Story
Kanaden’s Past Developments .............. 3 Value Creation Model .. .................. 5 8 Strengths to Support Value Creation .. .... 7 The Future We Want for the Kanaden Group .. 9
2 Growth Strategy
Message from the President .. ............ New Medium-Term Management Plan “ES-C2025” .. Feature 1 Kanaden DX .................... Feature 2: Company-wide projects .......... ShareholderReturnsandInvestmentsforGrowth.... Overview by Segment .. ..................  Factory Automation Systems .. ..........  Building Facilities .. ....................  Infrastructure ........................  Information & Communications Equipment ....
Mission
Our Mission
 - Fundamental Principles of Corporate Value and Our Values Our Company Code of Conduct
   3 Systems to Support Growth
Corporate Governance .. .............. 31 Message from Outside Directors .. ...... 38 Compliance / Risk Management ........ 39 Kanaden’s Important Themes H/E/S .. .... 41  H (Human Resources) .. .............. 42  E (Environment) .. .................. 45  S (Society) .......................... 47
4 Corporate Profile
How Kanaden’s Finances Have Changed .... 49 Global Network .. .................... 51 Shares and share price information .. .... 53 Corporate Profile ...................... 54
  2

    Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
 Imbued with the spirit of “Challenge & Innovation,”
we aim to become an “Electronics Solutions Company”
  For more than 110 years since the Company was founded, Kanaden has won the trust of customers by responding to the various changes of the era. To continue being “the partner of preferred choice knows its customers best” going forward, we will aim to become an “Electronics Solutions Company” that continues to contribute to solving social issues through SDG initiatives.
2025
Shifting its efforts to
the sustainable
development of society
as an Electronics Solutions Company
We are transitioning to an era in which the use of data drives the evolution of a range of technologies, including AI and IoT. Amid the demands for more advanced and precise work, the Company is further enhancing its solution technology while contributing to solving social issues through SDG initiatives.
Medium-term management plan “ES-C2025”
Basic strategy
1. Strengthen competitiveness by deepening understanding and facilitating evolution.
2. Continue to strengthen initiatives with a focus on high growth areas going forward to solve social issues.
3. Promote the Kanaden DX (digital transformation).
4. Create a culture and scheme in which diverse individuals can demonstrate their performances to the full.
5. Implement strategic investment policies.
6. Execute fair management.
2000 2020
    1970
Contributed to the growth of Japan’s key industries as an electronics trading company
As the Japanese economy developed rapidly, the driving force of the economy shifted from primary industries to secondary industries. The Company shifted its focus to trading company functions, and as a technology trading company that supports key industries in Japan, entered various fields according to customer needs.
2 Recovery from the bursting of the bubble
The Company’s earnings declined as a result of the fall in capital investments and the deceleration of the semiconductor industry that followed the bursting of the bubble. By actively expanding our sales to public projects, holding a “Kanaden Fair” at five locations nationwide to celebrate our 88th anniversary, and implementing other measures to raise the appeal of Kanaden as an electronics technology trading company, we succeeded in achieving a recovery.
2000~
Facilitated the technological revolution of industry through the steady coordination of technology
The rapid expansion of information technology was followed by rising demand for the automation of factories. The Company exerted its technological capabilities as an electronics trading company to contribute to the technological revolution of industry, primarily in fields related to FA systems, information & communications equipment, and the environment.
3 Recovery from the bursting of the IT bubble
The bursting of the IT bubble resulted in the stagnation of the Japanese economy, and
the prolonged weakness in domestic demand that followed also affected the Company. However, while focusing on expanding orders in priority areas such as FA systems and information & communications equipment, we actively developed sales solutions for the environmental field, and eventually recorded new highs in net sales and profit.
~
 1950~
Supported high-speed
economic growth by helping to
popularize electronic products
With the post-war recovery leading to a rehabilitation of Japan’s economy, household appliances, such as refrigerators, washing machines, fans, and radios, began to spread among the population. To meet the needs of the times, the Company sold household appliances in addition to electrical equipment.
1907
Founded
                  1 Expansion driven by high-speed economic 3 growth and the bubble economy 2
At a time of remarkable economic growth, as a technology 1 trading company the Company focused on systems
development, promoting the sale of unique, high value-
added products. The expansion of earnings accomplished
through this significant period of growth also enabled the Company to be listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 1989.
1970
        34
   
     Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
 Kanaden’s Value Creation Model
  By leveraging strengths cultivated in the course of its business activities over the more than 110 years since it was founded, Kanaden aims to become an “Electronics Solutions Company” that succeeds in achieving sustainable growth by using SDG initiatives to help resolve issues both at the customer and in society itself.
Ability to Coordinate Technologies
Societal axis
● Enhancing industrial productivity
● Improving industrial energy efficiency ● Safe, secure, and comfortable
transportation infrastructure
● Creation of safe urban environments for
monitoring, disaster prevention, and
disaster mitigation
● Sustainability of medical and healthcare
       Favored With Good Customers
Infrastructure
Creating new businesses
SDGs to which it contributes
Corporate target image
Electronics Solutions Company
  The Presence of Partner Companies
Four Business Segments
Utilization of technologies such as 5G, IoT, AI, and robotics
Creating new businesses
fields
Extremely sound, transparent management
Medium-term management plan
“ES-C2025” (FY2021-FY2025)
    8 strengths
●
  Expanding business areas
       Social issues
■ Measures to address changes in demographics
・Declining birthrate and aging population ・Decline in working-age population
Building Facilities
   ■
Effective use of technology
・Safe and secure working environment
・Strengthening security ・Maintaining and improving
productivity
   ■ Maintaining social infrastructure ・Efficient and safe transportation infrastructure ・Enhancements to healthcare and welfare
■ Measures to address climate change ・Reductions in greenhouse gas emissions ・Measures to address natural disasters
Group Philosophy
A History
Spanning More Than a Century
Factory Automation Systems
Merging four businesses
Information & Communications Equipment
    Unification of sales and technical information
Promoting DX
Winning potential customers
Developing technicians
Promoting diversity
Strategic investment
    Strengthening ESG
     Expanding into ASEAN
      Sound Management
Economic axis (Targets for FY2025)
● Enhancing profits/profitability Operating profit : 5.7 billion yen Operating profit ratio : 4.5% or higher ROE : 8.0% or more
Achievement of sales of 10.0 billion yen through strategic investments, etc.
  Human Resources
 56

      8 Strengths to Support Value Creation Here we use key words to represent the strengths of Kanaden as a company that is continuing to evolve
from an electronics technology trading company to an Electronics Solutions Company.
Human Resources
Ability to Coordinate Technologies
Knowledge of a wide range of technologies leads to customer satisfaction
Kanaden’s job is to combine myriad technologies from around the world to solve customer issues.
Value Creation Story
Growth Strategy
Systems to Support Growth
Corporate Profile
                       Our superior ability to convey information leads to reliable solutions
A workforce of people with excellent human qualities who can listen carefully and convey information accurately make up the face of Kanaden
Group Philosophy
A consistent employee mindset leads to the capacity for unified action as a company
A group philosophy that has become a “living message” serves as a guidepost for every employee and reinforces relationships of trust.
         Sound Management
A sound and stable financial base leads to sustainable growth
We overcome global economic crises through sound management that combines consistency with growth potential.
Four Business Segments
A concentration of cutting-edge technologies
The four segments supporting the backbone of a company whose core businesses use electronics technologies
The Presence of Partner Companies
A support company offering unquestionable technological capabilities and insights
Borrowing from the wisdom of partner companies to cultivate win-win relationships
Business
                Mission
Vision
Favored With Good Customers
Unshakable reliability leads to new business
Our biggest strength lies in our valued customers.
To that end, we maintain a positive cycle where trust creates new business.
    Value
A History Spanning More Than a Century
A strong management that has overcome past difficulties
More than 110 years working together with customers without limit, supported by the ability to respond flexibly during times of emergency
History
          Management
78
Growth drivers Foundation for growth

    Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
The Future We Want for the Kanaden Group
When formulating the new medium-term management plan, we compared changes in the social environment to the Company’s business environment, considered risks and opportunities going forward, and extracted themes that need to be strengthened by the Kanaden Group.
  Changes in the social environment and the Company’s risk Development of an advanced digital society
● Shrinking of the business caused by decline in value of existing trading company functions
● Shrinking or extinction of existing products and services caused by technological revolution or the appearance of new technology
● Leaks of confidential corporate information resulting from computer viruses or other factors, and impact on business activities of interruption to core systems
Shrinking workforce
● Impact of intensified competition to hire and secure high-quality personnel on new hiring and retention of staff
● Market shrinkage caused by declines in consumption and production
● Sharp increases in production costs causing manufacturers to withdraw from the business
Pandemic
● Changes in existing values and falling demand in existing markets caused by the “new normal,” and impact on supply chain
● Impact on business activities of contraction of infectious diseases by employees of the Group, and manufacturers/ partner companies
● Fluctuations in prices of products, etc., impact of exchange rates, excessive inventory or product shortages
Climate change
● Impact on business activities of energy/resource depletion problems, or compliance with strengthened international regulations that address greenhouse gas emissions
● Impact on business activities in the event of a major disas- ter at main locations in Japan or overseas
Strengthening governance
● Loss of trust and impairment of corporate value caused by violations of laws and regulations, including those related to corruption or infringements of competition laws, and corporate behavior that deviates from social norms
● Loss of trust and claims for compensation originating in reduced quality of goods or services, the occurrence of defects or other problems caused by increasingly complex and sophisticated goods and services, or by diversification of production sites and suppliers
Measures to convert risk to opportunity
   Medium-term management plan
“ES-C2025” (FY2021-FY2025)
1.
2. Continue to strengthen
initiatives with a focus on high growth areas going forward to solve social issues.
3. Promote the Kanaden DX (digital transformation).
4. Create a culture and scheme in which
diverse individuals can demonstrate their performances to the full.
5. Implement strategic investment policies.
6. Execute fair management.
 Strengthen competitiveness by deepening understanding and facilitating evolution.
  Strengthening our ability to make technical proposals
Strengthening Group power
Promoting the development of highly versatile technological solutions such as AI and 5G, and boosting cooperation between divisions to strengthen our ability to propose solutions. We will also work on initiatives to create new businesses, take a selective and focused approach to operations, and raise our presence in fields that open the way to resolving social issues.
In addition to working to strengthen the technological capabilities of Group companies, we are promoting an M&A and alliance strategy. Of course we will enhance our ability to propose solutions in existing businesses, but we will also raise competitiveness in new business fields.
Business opportunities are increasing in new fields associated with resolving social issues, such as energy-saving and labor- saving measures, and bringing about a safer and more secure society. Through our business activities, we will help achieve the SDGs, while making a contribution to the formation of a recycle- oriented society by promoting energy-saving measures in offices and introducing hybrid vehicles for company cars.
By conducting internal reforms for raising the motivation of the younger employees who will shape the future, personnel systems and empowering female employees, we will create appealing workplace environments and secure superior human resources.
As well as inviting individuals from outside the Company who are well versed in new fields and overseas legal systems to join the organization, we will strengthen compliance education in Group and partner companies, and promote conformance with the governance code.
         Promoting digitalization
We will achieve more efficient operations and establish more efficient marketing approaches through digital marketing and the visualization of customer information, with the aim of making more effective use of our human capital and enhancing profitability.
   Coexistence with environment and society
Securing human resources
Strengthening governance
        9 10

     11
12
Message from the President
Value Creation Story
Growth Strategy
Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
Brushing up our ability to make money
acceptance of our employees in relation to what we, the management, are thinking and trying to communicate, we are working every day to prepare the ground for implementing reforms and transformations together.
“Joint” cut off by COVID-19
Lessons to learn from shortfall versus targets, decline in revenue and profit
In the previous “CI-J-3 (Challenge & Innovation Joint)” medium-term management plan (FY2018-FY2020), under the theme of “Joint” with its nuance of “connect” and “becoming connected,” we sought to create a sense of everybody working together to do business, to expand business areas by putting the emphasis on growth potential, and to improve profitability by developing a high value-added system solutions business. However, while on reflection I think the hurdle might have been set slightly too high, the combination of the trade friction between the United States and China that had begun in the previous year and the spread of COVID-19 in 2019 had a serious impact on the Company. This resulted in our inability to achieve targets for the final fiscal year, and in a substantial decline in revenue and profit.
In the light of these results, there are two points on which those of us in management must reflect. One is that we positioned the creation of new businesses as the engine for achieving improved profitability, but we were unable to generate visible results. The other is that we are a company with a long history, and it is undeniable that this makes it rather difficult for us to get to grips with new initiatives.
Having said that, in some areas, there were solid results that we can build on going forward. For example, even if it did not extend to concluding formal agreements, we enhanced various aspects of our soft skills, including strengthening the ability to make judgments, which is indispensable in the investment field, and accumulating know-how related to business and operational alliances, and M&A. It is worth mentioning that there were also more tangible results, such as the Solution Engineering Division, which further deepens company-wide cooperation by functioning as a technology hub for the Group as a whole, and the extension of our ASEAN network by establishing new bases overseas, including a subsidiary in Vietnam and a new company in Thailand. So although we did not achieve the results we wanted in the previous medium- term management plan, we aim to bring our efforts to fruition in the new medium-term management plan. In that sense we succeeded in building up a foundation that gives us confidence for the future.
Nobuyuki Motohashi President
  By promoting reforms, we will continue to be
an Electronics Solutions Company that contributes to manufacturing.
The “ES-C (Electronics Solutions Company) 2025” five-year medium-term management plan started
this fiscal year
Its objectives are to improve profitability in existing businesses, develop businesses from an SDG perspective, and create new business opportunities.
longer valid.
This is exactly why the ability to foment innovation
and generate new value is becoming increasingly important and necessary. To take a familiar example, like the use of teleworking spread with amazing speed through the Company last year, by interpreting coronavirus as an opportunity to make changes all at once, rather than perceiving it as a risk, we can open up new horizons. It is this kind of paradigm shift that we must absolutely implement in the new ES-C2025 medium-term management plan (FY2021-FY2025).
I am also painfully aware that in this era of high uncertainty, it is more essential than ever that top management consider their approach to leadership, and the steps they must take to get buy-in from employees. I can put all my effort into saying “We’re doing this!,” but if we can’t bring the employees along with us, it will be for nothing. For that reason, while striving for the
Inflection point at which conventional wisdom and our experience of success are no longer valid
Paradigm shift that opens up new horizons
Continuing from the previous fiscal year, a combination of trends both in Japan and overseas, such as the spread
of COVID-19 and its impact and the emergence of countries prioritizing their own interests, including the trade friction between the United States and China, has led to an extremely uncertain outlook. We may be approaching the point at which not only conventional wisdom, but even the experience of success that Kanaden has accumulated over its 114-year history is no

     Message from the President
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy
Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
Going back to the source with “first make money”
This is the very essence of the new ES- C2025 medium-term management plan
In the new ES-C2025 five-year medium-term management plan, which started in April 2021, our numerical targets consist of operating profit of ¥5.7 billion, operating profit ratio of 4.5% or more, and ROE of 8.0% or more, as well as generating net sales of ¥10.0 billion by carrying out strategic investment, etc. (refer to the bottom of P14). To explain this new medium-term management plan in simple terms, it is about first consistently making money from the existing four businesses. Even in the matter of trying new things, it is only because the Company has built up a track record in the existing businesses that this is possible, and the essence of the new plan is to first properly rebuild the framework to enable these to generate more income.
Once we are in firm control of that aspect, developing new businesses from an SDG perspective and creating new business opportunities will become the next engine of growth, and our profits from those
will become a source of funding for distributing to growth areas and new businesses. Today this is sometimes called a “hybrid” approach, and if we do not move ahead with it, we will not survive in this era. That is the core of the new medium-term management plan.
“Youth Power” that has supported
the Company for over a century
It is precisely when the outlook is uncertain that our commitment is tested
Recently we have been pushing ahead with a variety of reforms, which include establishing the Solution Engineering Division and promoting Kanaden DX (digital transformation). With regard to Kanaden DX in particular (refer to P17), while painstakingly sharing its goals and significance with each and every employee, we are urgently exploring new models that are clearly differentiated from the simple adoption of information technology or improvements in operational efficiency. Moreover, in terms of the lineup to support these initiatives, this year we welcome an Outside Director with extensive experience and knowledge of business planning and information and communications technology (ICT),
whom we expect to provide a range of advice and support to help push Kanaden DX forward.
Even amidst these bewildering changes, I frequently feel that our younger employees have a genuine desire to make Kanaden better, and I find this deeply moving. To give one example, in September last year we held a gathering of those of Executive Officer rank and higher to discuss “Kanaden We Want to Be in 10 Years.” We decided that it should be younger people, who will be taking up the reins going forward, who participated in the discussions. We recruited interested people in their 30s to early 40s, had them discuss where we want to be in 10 years, and finally asked them to give a presentation. The results were even better than we had hoped for. Not only was this approach extremely informative, but it also created a multiplier effect whereby the participants must now execute in such a way as to exceed what they themselves have advocated.
I believe therefore that adopting the opinions of younger people is something that we must continue in various forms. That is because we must constantly foment innovation, and link it to our future fifty or a hundred years from today. Viewed in this light, I think it likely that right from the time it was founded in 1907, the bottom-up strength of young employees has been
the driving force behind the Company’s response to the changes of each era.
Last year, I ended by asking stakeholders to watch us. This year I will add that I also want them to watch the process by which we change and reform ourselves. In addition, with regard to our response to COVID-19, we plan to overcome this difficult situation while looking ahead to the “with-COVID-19” and “post-COVID-19” periods.
Lastly, we ask our stakeholders for their continued support in all our endeavors.
  Previous medium-term management plan “CI-J-3”(FY2018-FY2020) Basic Step up as a true technology trading company under
New Medium-Term Management Plan “ES-C2025” (FY2021-FY2025)
Policy the theme of “Joint”
Basic Policy
Become an Electronics Solutions Company that contributes to solving
social issues and realizes sustainable growth through SDG initiatives
・Practice the Group’s vision - The Partner of Preferred Choice Knows its Customers Best ・Implement strategies with a focus on growth while allocating the necessary management resources
  Achievement versus numerical targets
Net sales
123.3 billion yen
4.6 billion yen
7.5%
FY2018
Ordinary profit
126.5 billion yen
3.7 billion yen
7.
FY2019
ROE
108.2 billion yen
2.8 billion yen
5.2%
FY2020 (Result)
145.0 billion yen
5.3 billion yen
8.0%
FY2020 (Target)
・Building a foundation for company-wide strengthening of solution proposal capabilities, such as by establishing the Solution Engineering Division
・Using new business creation projects to begin opening up new markets to prevent ourselves from being constrained by existing businesses
・Transition to a more dynamic corporate culture by implementing internal reform projects driven primarily by those in their 30s who will shape the future
・Establishment of Digital Marketing Division and promotion of DX ・Focusing on M&A to capture new technology and take on the
challenge of new fields of business
・Promoting business solutions that are connected to achieving the SDGs
proactively.
・Expand value-added businesses and seek to improve profitability.
Measures aimed at achieving targets
   Basic strategy
Numerical targets (FY2025)
  1. Strengthen competitiveness by deepening understanding and facilitating evolution.
2. Continue to strengthen initiatives with a focus on high growth areas going forward to solve social issues.
3. Promote the Kanaden DX (digital transformation).
4. Create a culture and scheme in which diverse individuals can demonstrate their performances to the full.
5. Implement strategic investment policies. 6. Execute fair management.
Operating profit Operating profit ratio ROE
2.6 billion yen 5.2%
2.5%
FY2020 (Result)
5.7 billion yen
FY2025 (Target)
● Operating profit: 5.7 billion yen
● Operating profit ratio: 4.5% or higher
● ROE:
8.0% or higher
● Achievement of sales of 10.0 billion yen through
strategic investments, etc.
      8%
8.0%
4.5%
   Key issues
    13 14

     Growth Strategy
New Medium-Term Management Plan ES-C2025 (FY2021-FY2025) Basic Policy
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
 Become an Electronics Solutions Company that contributes to solving social issues and realizes sustainable growth through SDG initiatives
● Practice the Group’s vision - The Preferred Partner Knows Its Customers Best.
● Pursue strategies with a focus on growth while allocating the necessary management
resources proactively.
● Expand value-added businesses and seek to improve profitability.
Profitability and
Electronics
Solutions
Company
Kanaden regards the 17 SDGs and the 169 targets not simply as a matter of social responsibility, but as a growth engine that will generate new business opportunities.
The Electronics Solutions Company described in the new medium-term management plan will develop and sell products, systems and services that are linked to accomplishing the SDGs, and in so doing will open up new markets that are not restricted to existing industries such as manufacturing, construction, logistics, and railways, and in the process will generate new business opportunities, enhance the Kanaden brand, and resolve social issues.
                   Business foundation and
growth potential
business continuity
Basic strategy 125
   Trust and confidence
Basic strategy 345
 Basic strategy 6
       Basic strategy 1 Strengthen competitiveness by
deepening understanding and facilitating evolution.
By cooperating more closely with Group or partner companies and exerting our superior system building and engineering capabilities, we will provide solutions that improve the corporate value of the customer.
We also reorganized the engineering divisions that previously existed within business divisions to form a Solution Engineering Division that cooperates with all divisions in 2019, with the aim of achieving company-wide planning and development of original solutions.
We are also seeking to raise the level of engineering proposal capabilities in sales divisions in order to increase our value as “The Partner of Preferred Choice Knows its Customers Best” expressed in our management philosophy.
 Basic strategy 2 Continue to strengthen initiatives
with a focus on high growth areas going forward to solve social issues.
Social issues, such as concern about intensifying natural disasters caused by the impact of climate change, labor shortages, and the creation of workplaces in which employees feel pride in their work, are becoming an increasingly urgent presence in people’s lives and in corporate activities.
By applying the knowledge related to energy-saving technology and automation that the Kanaden Group has accumulated over time, and developing solutions that incorporate new technologies such as AI and IoT, we hope to contribute to the resolution of these issues, while opening the way to growth opportunities for these businesses.
By fulfilling the Group’s mission to contribute to the development of a sound and dynamic society through the creation of added value, we will also be pursuing the sustainable growth of the Company.
 Basic strategy 3 Promote the Kanaden DX (digital
transformation).
In addition to introducing sales support systems and upgrading the core operation system to standardize operations, improve their efficiency, and raise sales quality, we will also create the resources necessary to take on the challenge of new business areas.
We will also extend digital marketing and inside sales functions to increase the number of contact points with customers, and work to expand opportunities for business meetings and the area of business proposed. Furthermore, we are working on initiatives to form a consortium that brings together customer needs (issues) and partner company seeds (technologies), and that leads to emergent creation of solutions and business opportunities.
 Basic strategy 4
Create a culture and scheme in which
diverse individuals can demonstrate their performances to the full.
For Kanaden, which is a trading company, the source of its competitiveness is human resources.
With the business environment undergoing dramatic changes, it is important for the sustainable development of the Company that human resources possessing diverse backgrounds and skills exert their abilities, creating new value through their interactions.
From workstyles to efficient management techniques, we have created working groups at a variety of levels within the Company as spaces in which to exchange opinions and provide suggestions to management, and we are fostering an organizational culture that takes a open and dynamic approach to discussion. As well as implementing measures to raise the individual’s potential for “Challenges and Innovation,” we aim for the organization to respond flexibly to alterations in the business environment and to always aspire to change.
Basic strategy 5 Implement strategic investment
policies.
With the aim of strengthening competitiveness in existing operations and expanding our areas of business, we will actively promote cooperation between businesses and investments, including M&A.
In addition to the strategies of each business segment, we will meticulously research the market environment and technological trends in projects on specialized themes before making appropriate investment decisions.
In combination with initiatives for new products and markets that have already commenced, we aim to generate net sales of ¥10.0 billion by FY2025.
 Basic strategy 6 Execute fair management.
We believe that ensuring transparency through prompt and fair management decisions and an appropriate monitoring system is the most important basis for the Kanaden Group’s business continuity, and accordingly we will further strengthen corporate governance.
With the role played by companies in addressing climate change, human rights and other social issues becoming increasingly important, we will maintain relations with a range of stakeholders through business practices that are consistently sound and sincere.
      15
16

          Feature
 Feature 1 Kanaden Digital Transformation
Kanaden DX is not simply a matter of standardizing and raising the efficiency of operations within the Company through the use of digital technology. By transforming the business model, we will enable proposals with more sophisticated content and open the way to enhanced sales quality, thus contributing to improvements in the customer’s corporate value.
Moreover, we will form a consortium in which many companies associated with our business can freely participate and exchange information, so as to facilitate the creation of new value and the resolution of social issues.
Introduction of sales support system
Previously the sales representatives in each division responded individually to customers, which tended to result in proposals with limited and passive content. In addition, due to inadequate sharing within the Company of the status of transactions, it took time to propose optimal solutions that leveraged the collective strength of the Company, which led to opportunity losses. Utilizing the sales support system we introduced in April 2021, we will improve sales quality through more appropriate management, and create strategic and speedy solutions by sharing information with the Company.
  Before
After
Sales support system
SFA
Customer information
Business meeting process
Move to business meeting
Information on potential customers
   Digital marketing
  Webinar
 E-mail newsletters
 Website advertisement
 Kanaden product website
Customer
Kanaden sales representative
Customer
POINT 1
KanadenInput sales representative
Management
POINT 2
Confirm
Sales manager
Promotion
POINT 3
   Customer
     ● Customer information
(Basic information/name of coordinator, etc.)
● Proposal content
● Manufacturer information
● Partner company information
● Technical information
● Business meeting process, etc.
Only individual sales representatives have a grasp of business meeting information
Needs, etc.
Webinar participation Website access and other information
POINT 4
Creation of new solutions
   Partner company, technical information (seeds)
  Sharing information previously grasped by individuals so that it can be used for management and the creation of solutions
POINT 1 Creating optimal proposals for customers through the sharing of sales information We will use SFA to share sales information with all employees, bringing together knowledge and ideas, enabling us to generate proposals with content optimized for customers, and create new businesses.
POINT 2 Strengthening sales activity management to further improve sales quality
Based on data derived from the customer information and business meeting process shared in the SFA system, we will take steps to promote better communication between sales representatives and managers, facilitating prompt and appropriate management.
POINT 3 Creating a broad range of contact opportunities with customers through the use of
digital marketing
We will utilize the introduction of digital marketing to leverage non-face-to-face promotions, and increase the number of contact points with customers. By then sharing this information with all employees, we will link it to the creation of proposals for customers.
POINT 4 Creating new solutions
We will create new solutions by accumulating customer needs and our partner companies’ technical information (seeds) and matching them.
  17
      Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
  Consortium formation concept
We will form a consortium allowing broad participation by customers, manufacturers, and partner companies, regardless of whether or not they trade with Kanaden. By using digital techniques to accurately match the issues that concern customers with technology to resolve those issues in a timely manner, we will help improve the corporate value of our stakeholders and, furthermore, contribute to the development of manufacturing industry and the resolution of social issues.
 New customers
● High value-added proposals
New services with a focus on attention to detail
Customers we trade with
Digital marketing
POINT 3
●
The Company
Solution
Consortium
POINT 4
Social needs
● Provision of business opportunities
    POINT 1
POINT 3
Partner companies
Information
Technical information (seeds)
POINT 2
Manufacturers
    POINT 1 We will bring together a variety of customer needs
By positioning the consortium as an organization in which many different companies can participate, regardless of whether or not they trade with Kanaden, we will gather together a variety of needs, enabling us to accurately grasp the issues faced by society and markets.
POINT 2 We will bring together the latest technology for resolving issues
By sharing customer needs with manufacturers and partner companies, we will gather and provide technologies and services to help resolve these issues in a timely manner.
POINT 3 We will create solutions that contribute to improvements in stakeholder corporate value By using digital techniques to accurately match needs and seeds in a timely manner, we will provide high value-added proposals and services to customers, as well as business opportunities to manufacturers and partner companies.
POINT 4 We will contribute to the resolution of social issues and the development of industry
By energizing the exchange of information in the consortium, we will increase opportunities for resolving customer problems and creating new technology, contributing in turn to the resolution of social issues and the development of industry.
Kanaden DX roadmap
Kanaden DX consists not only of introducing sales support systems and forming the consortium, but also of upgrading the core system. In this way, we seek to revamp operations, enhance productivity and service levels, and improve customer satisfaction. It also enables the use of information on site, which we will use to formulate and promote detailed plans for projects based on future forecasts.
      FY2020 FY2021 FY2022
FY2023 FY2024
Introduction of core system (Overseas)
FY2025
Formation of Kanaden Consortium
       Introduction of sales support system
Collaboration
Introduction of core system (Domestic)
           Preparations for formation of Kanaden Consortium
    18
 
      Overview by Segment
 Feature 2 Developing new solutions through company-wide projects
As a company with long-standing proficiency in each business unit, Kanaden has addressed customer needs by coordinating a deep knowledge of the customer/industry with technology from partner companies. However, in this highly uncertain era, it has become difficult to achieve the resolution of customer issues, and in turn social issues, simply by combining existing solutions.
It was against this background that we launched a cross-divisional project in FY2020, ahead of formulating ES-C2025, and began working on initiatives to create unique solutions that leverage the collective strength of the Company. We will provide new solutions generated by this fusion of technologies to a wide range of customers, further cementing the Kanaden brand.
   Business Segments
Company-wide project
Product development
Business Segments
Customers
Customer needs and technologies
Gathering
Sales strategy
Promotion
           Original Kanaden platform
“FAtis” video transformation system
“FAtis” is based on the “Nx Witness” video management system distributed by the Company, and is built on the concept of combining various sensors, equipment, AI technology and software to provide functionality for camera images from viewing and recording to searching, notifying and connecting. This is a video platform unique to Kanaden that links these technologies with camera images, and provides value and identifies customer needs that have not yet come to the surface.
Going forward, we will strengthen our cooperation with partner companies to grow “FAtis” and enable us to provide further value-added solutions to customers.
We will promote “FAtis” as a company-wide project that combines this new image technology with everything from security, to improving productivity, to supporting maintenance of facilities, in order to solve problems on site.
Original Kanaden product
“KaRy” portable robot unit
Against the background of a shrinking workforce and a growing need for improved quality, the introduction of industrial robots in production sites is on a rising trend. Conversely, the introduction of such technology is sometimes rejected due to problems of cost and productivity, or even due to the difficulty of using robotic facilities of a fixed nature to address the needs of a production line with varying product types and volumes.
In order to solve such problems, one original product that Kanaden has developed and launched is the “KaRy” robot system, which is integrated into a mobile platform. Together with an initial cost starting at ¥1.98 million, attributes such as its compact form factor and mobility will allow us to address the automation needs of more customers.
PC display
AI
Camera images
FAtis
Smartphone
   AI camera
   Safety Productivity Versatility
 19
     Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
  Shareholder Returns and Investments for Growth
Improving profitability to achieve ROE of 8.0% or more while maintaining a sound financial base
“Sound management” is one of the Company’s values and standards of conduct. In order to preserve the flexibility and continuity of management, we have chosen to maintain a certain level of internal reserves as a prerequisite of the capital strategy.
The Company seeks to improve ROE by maintaining a sound financial base and growing profits. In the previous “CI-J-3” medium- term management plan, we set a target of ROE of 8.0% or more to be achieved by expanding profits, but the spread of COVID-19 led to a decline in revenue and profit in FY2020, and ROE came in at 5.2%. However, ROE improved from the 4-5% level of FY2010 to 7.8% in FY2019, so we succeeded in raising it to approximately the targeted level by improved profits.
Under the new ES-C2025 medium-term management plan, we will work as an Electronics Solutions Company to provide the optimal technological solutions for addressing the needs of society, rebuild our ability to generate income from our core business, and invest for growth while maintaining a sound financial base, thus improving profits and achieving an ROE of 8.0% or more.
  Trend in ROE and targets for FY2025
8.0% or more (Target)
5.2%
(Target)
Improvement of profitability
 FY2010 FY2015
Shareholder returns
The Company considers returning profits to shareholders as a key management priority and will appropriately return profits with a dividend payout ratio of 35% as a standard indicator while continuing to retain the necessary internal reserves to fund investment for growth, future business development and the strengthening of the corporate structure.
Active investment for growth
FY2020 FY2025
Trend in payout ratio
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
FY2019 FY2020
Spread of COVID-19
The largest item of investment is M&A, progress in which was delayed during the previous “CI-J-3” medium-term management plan. As technology becomes increasingly sophisticated, it is essential that we constantly incorporate the latest technology in order to continue to provide optimal cutting-edge solutions to customers, and technological solutions that the Group does not possess are also essential when entering new fields. For our continued evolution, an M&A strategy is indispensable, and we plan to make investments in the order of ¥3.0 billion by 2025. In combination with initiatives for new products and new markets that have already commenced, we aim to generate net sales of ¥10.0 billion.
Elsewhere, our objective is to maintain a sound financial base while investing for growth, such as by investing in people to secure and train superior human resources, investing in IT to promote Kanaden DX, and investing in development overseas.
Improving ROE
■ Maintain a sound financial base despite implementing a certain level of investment
■ Aim to improve ROE by growing profits rather than by capital policy
 32.8
30.2
35.4 35.0 35.0
Standard
   20
 
     Overview by Segment
Overview by Segment
Value Creation Story
Growth Strategy
Systems to Support Growth
Corporate Profile
      Factory Automation Systems
FA
Industrial Mechatronics Industrial Systems
 Factory Automation Systems Business provides Factory Automation equipment, beginning with automation systems that contribute to improved quality and efficiency on manufacturing lines, as well as mechatronics products such as electrical-discharge and laser processing machines for micromachining applications, electrical facilities for factory plant and instrumentation. By offering solutions for factory automation, monitoring and control of production facilities and so on, we work to be able to contribute to the evolution of manufacturing at our customers.
Sales ¥35,508 millionOrdinary profit ¥1,064 millionComposition of sales
32.8%
(¥35,508 million) FA 24.1%
(¥26,093 million) Industrial Systems
6.0% (¥6,540 million)
Industrial Mechatronics
2.7% (¥2,875 million)
   Building Facilities
Facilities Equipment Air Conditioning and Refrigerating Equipment
 Building Facilities Business provides power generators, uninterruptible power supplies, elevators and escalators, photovoltaic power generation systems, as well as LED lighting, air conditioning, residential facilities equipment, low-temperature equipment and energy management systems. We work to create systems that make business more efficient by controlling facilities for the entire building, and are also involved in ZEB solutions.
Sales ¥13,796 millionOrdinary profit ¥137 millionComposition of sales
12.7%
(¥13,796 million)
Facilities Equipment 6.9%
(¥7,516 million) Air Conditioning and
Refrigerating Equipment 5.8%
(¥6,279 million)
  Infrastructure
Transportation Social Systems
    The Infrastructure Business provides electric products for rolling stock and other vehicles, substation equipment for receiving electric power, and telecommunication equipment to railway operators, in addition to products that contribute to the development of social infrastructure, such as traffic safety systems, air-traffic control systems, local disaster- damage prevention systems, photovoltaic power generation systems and lithium-ion batteries. We work to build systems for society that support safe, secure and convenient living.
Sales ¥32,687 millionOrdinary profit ¥409 millionComposition of sales
30.2%
(¥32,687million) Transportation
24.0% (¥25,985million)
Social Systems
6.2% (¥6,701million)
   Information & Communications Equipment
Semiconductors and Devices Telecommunications
 In addition to video solution systems for various applications, telecommunications equipment for security systems, and electronic medical care systems for the healthcare field, we handle semiconductors and electronic devices, with a focus on the microcomputers that are an indispensable part of vehicles, industrial equipment and telecommunications equipment. We are involved in building systems for utilize image and video, where the number of applications is growing rapidly, as well as a business that supplies modules to work with applications for products manufactured by customers.
Sales ¥26,236 millionOrdinary profit ¥1,067 millionComposition of sales
24.3%
(¥26,236million)
Semiconductors and Devices 13.2%
(¥14,265million) Telecommunications
11.1% (¥11,971million)
          21
22

1. Facilitate the transformation of businesses from the provision of components to solutions and consulting services by strengthening our solutions proposal capabilities.
2. Contribute to solving customer problems and the evolution of manufacturing with accumulated manufacturing facility knowledge in addition to the utilization of new technologies, such as AI and IoT, and automation proposals.
3. Promote and strengthen alliances with partner companies to improve responsiveness to deal with systems in Japan and overseas.

In recent years, by addressing the need for robots and automation at manufacturing sites, we have accumulated knowledge in various areas of cutting-edge technology. Going forward, as AI, 5G and other technologies that have wide applications become more common within society, we will need to change our sales style and customize our techniques to match customer requirements. Naturally we will propose individual components to help the customer resolve their issues, but by also gaining their trust through the proposal of entire solutions and in the area of consulting, we will maintain an ongoing business relationship. This is another reason to promote technological cooperation that transcends the barriers of individual divisions, combine it with technology developed in other areas of the business, and provide high value-added products.
In order to strengthen the deployment overseas of automation and labor-saving solutions developed in Japan, we are also seeking to bolster our structures for creating and supporting proposals made in cooperation with partner companies.

  Forklift Guidance System/OCR Inspection System
Case Studies
Gas Appliances Automated Testing System
Japan Gas Appliances Inspection Association
  23
24
Kirin Brewery Company, Limited (“Kirin”) is engaged in the manufacture of beverages, mainly beer. At the point of shipment, final inspection of the product must be performed by means of a visual check while it is loaded on a truck, which led to the desire to make the task more efficient.
To achieve this, Kanaden proposed the use of the “Forklift Guidance System/OCR Inspection System” developed by group company TECHNO- CREATE CORPORATION. By using a detachable tablet for the forklift information terminal and OCR (Optical Character Recognition/Reader) via a handheld terminal to automate the visual check for inspection, reductions in both workload and task time were achieved. Beginning with the Yokohama Brewery, this is now being rolled out to Kirin factories nationwide.
The Japan Gas Appliances Inspection Association is a third party certification body that conducts a variety of inspection and certification activities, starting with gas appliances. When performing various tests on products, the inspector is required to perform a visual check of the numbers displayed by the measuring equipment and enter these into a tablet, and the Association had been considering the use of automation to eliminate related human errors and to improve task efficiency.
To address this issue, Kanaden’s Solution Engineering Division and group company TECHNO-CREATE CORPORATION teamed up to develop a system. By automatically acquiring and synchronizing data through the use of a datalogger and vision sensor, we first eliminated the need for manual data entry. This also led to reductions in man-hours used for checks and to a shortening of task time, enabling human resources to be reallocated to more productive duties, and contributing to higher inspection accuracy and efficiency.

1. Expand building management systems, strengthen ZEB (Net Zero Energy Buildings) proposals, and facilitate the spread of energy usage with low environmental impact to maintain balance between a more comfortable environment and limiting energy consumption.
2. Strengthen expansion of total solutions, which includes processes from product and system proposals to construction and maintenance services.

The requirements for buildings are shifting to long life, safety and security, and environmental performance is becoming an increas- ingly large part of their value. We create proposals for manage- ment systems that consider not only the performance of individual products, but the building as a whole.
Moreover, going beyond simple energy-saving strategies, we are also strengthening ZEB solutions, which utilize renewable energy to enable energy usage for the building as a whole to be reduced to nearly zero. Kanaden has been certified as a ZEB
Planner, and has been working to establish a foundation for total system proposals.
By accelerating these initiatives, we will boost our approach to building owners and architectural design offices.
With the need for new buildings declining, we will also strengthen our initiatives in the areas of service and maintenance, and accumulate and analyze data to come up with new solutions that go beyond simple proposals for renovation.

  These are LED lighting fittings that operate on the same principle as that of a blue sky. Using a unique structure in which a panel that mimics the sense of openness and depth of a blue sky is combined with a frame that recreates the feeling of natural sunlight shining in, we are able to simulate natural light and the depth of a blue sky even in indoor spaces.
Furthermore, by using multiple LED light sources, it is also possible to mimic the changing light of early morning and sunset, providing a visual sense of the passage of time and enabling clear distinctions to be made for different workstyles.
By achieving a slimline structure no thicker than that of typical recessed lighting fixtures (120 mm), we can enhance the comfort of offices, hospitals, welfare facilities, and other spaces without the need for complex construction methods.

GINZA CORE Co., Ltd. operates and manages the “GINZA CORE” retail building. Recently the building in question reached the point of replacing its existing generators for emergency use due to natural aging.
In response to this, Kanaden created a proposal for all parts of the process, from removing the existing facilities and bringing in the new equipment, to completing various official procedures and providing maintenance after commissioning. In addition, not only was the newly commissioned emergency-use generator more compact, but it was also rated highly by the customer for its quietness, ease of use, and ease of maintenance.
Ensuring the use of such emergency power supplies supports the operation of such facilities as fire extinguishers, emergency elevators, and emergency lighting, which in turn contributes to the safety and security of those visiting and working in its retail outlets.

1. Respond to changes in customers’ business models in the traffic and public sectors, while also continuing to fulfill the mission of maintaining the safety, security and comfort of social infrastructure and evolution thereof. With this in mind, step up efforts to make proposals on solutions without being constrained by traditional business areas.
2. Contribute to the strengthening of societal and industrial foundations by providing monitoring, disaster prevention, and disaster mitigation solutions in cases of climate-related disasters and natural disasters.

Due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19, transportation and infrastructure-related companies have become more reluctant to invest, and the situation is forecast to remain difficult in FY2022. However, we expect a certain level of demand to continue for self-driving initiatives, platform surveillance systems, and other measures aimed at improving the efficiency of the existing customer’s operations. There is also ongoing demand
for conversion of stations and rail yards to LED lighting, capital investment aimed at improving the safety and security of the working environment, and investments in energy-saving and labor-saving technology for use within stations, so we will further strengthen our solutions proposals going forward. We also intend
to increase our efforts to create proposals for department stores, hotels, and station buildings operated by the various railway companies.
In Social Systems, there is a pressing need for countermeasures to natural disasters such as earthquakes or wind and flood damage caused by climate change. Kanaden is promoting solutions for use in surveillance, disaster prevention and disaster mitigation applications by leveraging its know-how in such areas as backup power supplies and disaster prevention information systems. We will enhance a variety of product lineups and work to further strengthen our solutions proposals based on the key words of the safety and security, and environment and energy saving.

Case
Studies LED lighting for Shin-Kiba rail yard Tokyo Metro Co., Ltd.
As part of a variety of initiatives being undertaken by Tokyo Metro Co., Ltd. (“Tokyo Metro”) to reduce the environmental impact of its operations, it has been introducing environmentally friendly rolling stock, and gradually converting lighting used in rolling stock and within stations to LED technology.
Tokyo Metro’s Shin-Kiba rail yard and workshop is an extensive site with a total area of 144,557 m2, which conducts rolling stock maintenance primarily for the Yurakucho Line and Fukutoshin Line.
Because the rolling stock workshop has high ceilings, high-place work was required to install lighting. The desire to reduce the burden of inspection and maintenance work and cut costs led to a requirement for individually installed LED lighting fixtures, rather than fixtures with integrated power supplies. Kanaden created a proposal based on LED lighting products from Mitsubishi Electric Lighting Corporation, and the customer eventually installed 2,700 lights, including LED products with separate power supplies, thus making a contribution to energy savings and a reduced work burden.  Disaster prevention administrative radio system project
Agui Town Public Office, Aichi Prefecture
Agui Town is located in the center of the Chita Peninsula. With the Agui River that runs right through the center of town, the surrounding rice fields, the serenely changing seasons and fireflies that make the area their home, it is a town where you can feel the happiness of living in harmony with the abundant blessings of nature.
Agui Town Public Office had installed an analog broadcast radio system for disaster prevention in 2001, which made a useful contribution to the safety and security of the lives of local residents. However, the combination of revisions to the Radio Act and the aging of facilities led to the decision to install a new, digital broadcast radio system. (One key station and 50 loudspeaker units for outdoor use)
This system brings together the latest functions, such as providing coverage of the broadcast area through high-performance speakers, and implementing a variety of information distribution functions, including a disaster prevention app (“AguNavi”) and e-mail messaging. The customer also gave high marks to the system for improved ease of use, which has led to a reduction in the burden of work for staff.

1. Promote provision of solutions utilizing digital technologies in the medical treatment, nursing care and healthcare fields.
2. Evolve from the security business to the total ICT business and expand into the digital field. 3. Seek to find products and establish solutions that open up new ways of utilizing and
collaborating with data by taking advantage of the evolution of IoT devices and introducing 5G. 4. Accelerate entry into the automotive field.

In the fields of semiconductors and devices, in addition to our existing customers in industrial equipment and office automation, we are accelerating our entry to markets such as automotive, air- conditioning, and medical devices. We are also working to further extend our lineup of electronic devices and modular products for use in new technologies such as IoT and 5G.
In the field of telecommunications, we will leverage our visual system-building capabilities, developing original products that incorporate AI and other new technologies to provide image
processing functionality. We will also work to expand our areas of business by creating proposals for new usage scenarios to resolve customer issues. In the field of healthcare and nursing care, which includes electronic medical care systems, we will strengthen our cooperation with major medical equipment manufacturers while we develop specialist knowledge, as well as utilize sensors and other technologies to develop solutions aimed at nursing care facilities, with the aim of extending our lineup of products and solutions.

Recommended
Products AI camera system
Recommended Products
AB Circle Limited IC card readers
Connectors for Wired LAN
Radiotherapy System
2017 2018
2019 2020
2021 (FY)
   
    Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board Members (as of June 24, 2021)
9 8 7 10 11 12 13
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile31
Outside Independent
32
321456
1 Nobuyuki Motohashi
President (Representative Director)
7 Hisataka Mori
Director / Executive Officer
2 Futoshi Moriya
Managing Director / Executive Officer
8 Shinsuke Saito
Director / Executive Officer
3 Akio Iguchi
Managing Director / Executive Officer
9 Hironori Saigusa
Director
4 10
13
Takeshi Jin
Director Outside Harushige
Sakai
Standing Audit
& Supervisory Board Member
Nobutake Ipposhi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
5 11
Yoshiro Nagashima
Director Outside Independent Kozo
Yamamura
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Outside
6 12
Yayoi Ito
Director Outside Independent Yutaka
Nomiyama
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Independent
Outside
Independent
 
    Corporate Governance
Directors
1 Nobuyuki Motohashi President (Representative Director)
2 Futoshi Moriya Managing Director / Executive Officer
With regard to the composition of Directors, the Company selects individuals with extensive experience and knowledge in various fields, and seeks to improve the functioning of the Board of Directors, etc.
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
  Apr. 1980 June 2013
June 2015 June 2016
Joined the Company
Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, Factory Automation Division, the Company
Director and Senior General Manager, Factory Automation Division, the Company President and Representative Director, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2005 June 2013
Oct. 2013 Apr. 2016
June 2016 Apr. 2020 June 2020 June 2021
Joined the Company
General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Department 1, Kansai District Office, the Company General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Department 1, Factory Automation Division, the Company
General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Department 1, Factory Automation Division, and General Manager, Asia Business Strategic Promotion Department, the Company Deputy General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Division, and General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Department 1, the Company
Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, Factory Automation Division, the Company Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, the Company Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, the Company Managing Director, Executive Officer, Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, and in charge of Branch Office, the Company (current position)
The main areas of specialist experience for the directors are as follows.
  Name (Age)
Tenure (years)
 Position and responsibilities
Expected candidate position
Management
Planning
Sales
Engineering
Accounting Finance
Legal
Audit
Global
Personnel
ICT
 Nobuyuki Motohashi
 (63)
6 1 3 5 4 2 6 5
New election
 President (Representative Director)
 ● ● ● ● ● ●
●
●
● ● ● ● ● ●
●
●
●
●
●
● ● ●
●
●
●
Futoshi Moriya
(58)
Managing Director Executive Officer (Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office)
●
●
●
 Akio Iguchi
(63)
 Managing Director Executive Officer (Senior General Manager, Business Management Office)
●
●
 Hisataka Mori
 (60)
 Director Executive Officer (Branch Manager, Kyushu Branch Office)
 ●
●
●
●
Shinsuke Saito
(63)
Director Executive Officer (Senior General Manager, Transportation Division)
●
 Hironori Saigusa
(59)
 Director
(In charge of Management Division)
●
●
●
 Takeshi Jin
(83)
 Director (Outside)
●
 Yoshiro Nagashima
 (69)
 Director (Outside)
 ●
Yayoi Ito
 (57)
Director (Outside)
 ●
●
●
    3 Akio Iguchi Managing Director / Executive Officer
4 Takeshi Jin Director (Independent, Outside)
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2013 Apr. 2016 Apr. 2018 June 2018 Apr. 2020 June 2021..
Joined Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
General Manager, Kanetsu Branch, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
General Manager, Chugoku Branch, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
General Manager, Chubu Branch, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Joined the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, the Company Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Business Management Office, the Company Managing Director, Executive Officer, Senior General Manager, Business Management Office, and in charge of Business unit, and Solution Engineering Division, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1964 Apr. 1964 June 2003 July 2006 June 2015 Apr. 2016
Registered as an attorney with Daini Tokyo Bar Association
Joined Shunzo Kobayashi & Tadao Imai Law Office (currently Chugai Godo Law Office) Outside Corporate Auditor, NIHON SHOKUHIN KAKO CO., LTD.
General Counsel, the Company (current position)
Outside Director, the Company (current position)
Outside Director, Tri Chemical Laboratories Inc. (current position)
5 Yoshiro Nagashima Director (Independent, Outside)
6 Yayoi Ito Director (Independent, Outside)
Apr. 1975 May 2002 June 2004
Oct. 2005 June 2009 June 2016 June 2018
Joined The Mitsubishi Bank, Ltd. (currently MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Regional Director, Toranomon Branch Office, MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Representative Director and President, Tokyo Diamond Collection Service Co., Ltd. (currently MU Frontier Servicer Co., Ltd.)
Representative Director and Deputy President, MU Frontier Servicer Co., Ltd. Standing Auditor, NIPPON CARBIDE INDUSTRIES CO., INC.
Outside Director, the Company (current position)
Outside Director, ZENKOKU HOSHO Co., Ltd. (current position)
Apr. 1986 July 1988
Apr. 2008
May 2019 Nov. 2020 Apr. 2021 June 2021 June 2021
Joined NIPPON TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE CORPORATION
Joined NTT DATA Communications Systems Corporation (currently NTT DATA Corporation)
Head, Business Planning Promotion Office, Headquarter of Public System Business, NTT DATA Corporation
Joined UNIZO Holdings Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Joined SG SYSTEMS CO., LTD.
Executive Officer, in charge of Corporate Planning (current position)
Outside Director, the Company (current position)
Outside Director, SUMIKEN MITSUI ROAD CO.,LTD. (current position)
7 Hisataka Mori Director / Executive Officer
8 Shinsuke Saito Director / Executive Officer
Apr. 1983 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2016 June 2016 Apr. 2018 June 2018 Apr. 2019
Joined the Company
Executive Officer and Branch Manager, Chubu Branch Office, the Company
Executive Officer and Deputy Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, the Company Director and General Manager, Management Strategy Office, the Company
Director and General Manager, Business Promotion Office, the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and General Manager, Business Promotion Office, the Company Director, Executive Officer, and Branch Manager, Kyushu Branch Office, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2008 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2017 June 2017 Apr. 2019
Joined Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Deputy General Manager, Chubu Branch Office, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation General Manager, Shikoku Branch Office, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
General Manager, Kyushu Branch Office, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Joined the Company
Director in charge of Transportation Division, the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Transportation Division, the Company (current position)
9 Hironori Saigusa Director
*Ages given as of June 24, 2021
Yayoi Ito
Although she has not been involved in corporate management, she has extensive experience and insight regarding corporate planning and ICT. We selected her as an Outside Director expecting that she will provide appropriate advice to the Company’s management on promoting digital transformation (DX).
Nobutake Ipposhi
We selected him as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member because, even though he has not been involved in corporate management, he has considerable knowledge of finance and accounting in his capacity as a certified public accountant with experience in the field of accounting research and teaching.
He also has experience as an Audit & Supervisory Board Member of a listed company.
Apr. 1985 Apr. 2005
Apr. 2013
Apr. 2015 Apr. 2016
July 2017
Apr. 2018 June 2019
Oct. 2020 June 2021
Joined the Company
General Manager, Device Sales Department, Semiconductor & Device Division, the Company
General Manager, Legal Affair Division, and General Manager, Export Administration Division, the Company
Branch Manager, Kita-Kanto Branch Office, Factory Automation Division, the Company Executive Officer, General Manager, General Affairs and Personnel Office, and General Manager, General Affairs Division, the Company
Executive Officer and General Manager, General Affairs and Personnel Office, the Company
Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, Administration Head Office, the Company Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Administration Head Office, the Company
Director in charge of Internal Auditing Division, the Company
Director in charge of Management Division, the Company (current position)
Takeshi Jin
Although he has not been involved in corporate management, he is thoroughly familiar with corporate legal affairs as an attorney and has provided appropriate advice at the Company’s Board of Directors meetings based on his experience of being an outside director and outside auditor at listed companies.
We selected him as an Outside Director expecting that he will provide appropriate advice on compliance and governance, etc.
Kozo Yamamura
We selected him as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member because, even though he has not been involved in corporate management, he has considerable knowledge and experience of group company supervision in his capacity as Manager, Agent Group, Market Planning & Administration Department, Corporate Marketing Group of Mitsubishi Electric Corporation.
Yoshiro Nagashima
He has provided appropriate advice at the Company’s Board of Directors meetings based on his experience as a corporate auditor and outside director at listed companies in addition to his experience as a corporate manager.
We selected him as an Outside Director expecting that he will provide appropriate advice on business strategy, financial strategy, etc.
Yutaka Nomiyama
We selected him as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member in view of his deep insights into management, gained in his role as Audit & Supervisory Board Member at TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD., and in other key positions at administrative section of that company.
Officer selection
 Reason for selection as Outside Officer
    Audit & Supervisory Board Members
10 Harushige Sakai Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
11 Kozo Yamamura Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside)
 Apr. 1980 Oct. 2005 Apr. 2008 June 2009 June 2011 Apr. 2015 June 2017
Joined the Company
Deputy General Manager, Electron Division, the Company
Deputy General Manager, Management Strategy Office, the Company
Executive Officer and General Manager, Management Strategy Office, the Company Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, System Integration Division, the Company Executive Officer and General Manager, Internal Auditing Division, the Company Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1992 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2019 June 2019
Joined Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Manager, Planning Division, Marketing Research & Business Development Department, Kanetsu Branch Office, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Manager, Agent Group, Market Planning & Administration Department, Corporate Marketing Group, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation (current position)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (current position)
    33
34
12 Yutaka Nomiyama Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent, Outside)
13 Nobutake Ipposhi Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent, Outside)
Apr. 1977 Apr. 2004 June 2007
June 2008 June 2011 June 2011
Joined The Daiwa Bank, Ltd. (currently Resona Bank, Limited)
Joined TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD.
Operating Officer and Deputy General Manager, Corporate Management Division, TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD.
Director and General Manager, Corporate Management Division, TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD. (current position)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (current position)
Aug. 1971 Mar. 1975 Jan. 1976 July 1995 July 2001 Apr. 2005 June 2007 Dec. 2014 Mar. 2016 June 2016
Joined Peat Marwick Mitchell (currently KPMG)
Registered as a Certified Public Accountant
Joined Tokyo Marunouchi Auditing Corporation (currently Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC) Director, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Managing Director, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Professor, Tohoku University Accounting School
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, TACHI-S CO., LTD.
Supervisor, Social Welfare Juridical Person Hachioji Icho-no-kai (current position) Supervisor, National Federation of Shopping Center Promotion Associations (current position) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (current position)
Directors
Independent /
Outside Directors Directors Audit & Supervisory Board Members

    Corporate Governance
Basic Viewpoint Concerning Corporate Governance
With the basic perception that it is supported by customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, society and all other stakeholders, the Company is aware of its obligation to ensure fairness and transparency in management activities and operation methods and to comply with laws and ordinances in order to fulfill its social missions and responsibilities as a stock-listed company.
The Company conducts a written questionnaire survey of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members about the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and the results are discussed at meetings of the Board of Directors.
 ■ Corporate Governance System
Questionnaire survey results
The detailed results of the questionnaire survey for FY2020 were as follows.
Score
Figures in () are comparisons with previous FY
13
(1 point ↑)
14
(2 points ↓)
4
(4 points ↓)
12
(1 point ↑)
13
(5 points ↑)
14
(1 point ↑)
13
(1 point ↑)
14
(2 points ↓)
14
(2 points ↑)
The Audit & Supervisory Board (Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
Evaluation of effectiveness of the Board of Directors
 (1) Composition of the Board
of Directors
 (2) Roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors
 (3) Operation of the Board of
Directors
 (4) Deliberation at meetings of the Board of Directors
    Election and Dismissal Collaboration
Collaboration
Accounting Audit
Election and Dismissal
2 6 4
3 6 4
2641
382
373
10 2
92
  Audit
Shareholders’ meeting
Election and Dismissal
(i) (ii) (iii) (i) (ii) Reporting (iii) (iv) (i) (ii) (iii) (i)
The number of Directors and the number of Outside Directors are appropriate. 1
The Board of Directors is well balanced in terms of the knowledge, experience, and competences of its members.
The Board of Directors is diverse in terms of its composition.
The Board of Directors exercises influence on correction of the management strategy in a timely manner.
The Board of Directors is appropriately involved in decision-making on business strategies
The Board of Directors is effectively monitoring the status of execution of 1 business strategies.
The Board of Directors identifies and considers risks from various perspectives 2 concerning the agenda items submitted to the Board of Directors.
        Management Meeting
 The Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee
 Compliance Committee
 Compliance Information Liaison Meeting
 Collaboration
Internal Audits
Instruction
The Board of Directors
(Directors and Outside Directors)
  Election and Dismissal
Election and Dismissal
Assistance Consultation Report
Consultation Report
  Representative Director
 Internal Auditing Division
  Instructions and Supervision
Business Execution
Business Collaboration
Promotion of Compliance
   Internal Audits
Internal Audits
Board of Executive Officers
 Business Segments
 Affiliated Companies
     Information materials for meetings of the Board of Directors are distributed in a 2 8 timely manner so that there is sufficient time to review the agenda items in advance.
Information useful for deliberation is provided, as necessary, besides information 2 8 materials for meetings of the Board of Directors.
Overall evaluation of the operation of the Board of Directors 2 8
Open, constructive discussion and exchange of opinions take place at meetings 2 7 of the Board of Directors.
The agenda items submitted to the Board of Directors are appropriate.
(No unnecessary agenda items are submitted and all items that should be 2 8 submitted to the Board of Directors are submitted.)
Sufficient time is allocated to deliberation at meetings of the Board of Directors.
(Operation is balanced and time is allocated according to the importance of 1 8 agenda items.)
Overall evaluation of proceedings and content of deliberation at meetings of the 2 8 Board of Directors
3
3
3
4
3
4
3
14
(3 points ↑)
15
(2 points ↓)
     The Board of Directors
The Board of Directors consists of nine Directors, including three Outside Directors, in order to ensure swift and appropriate managerial decision-making. It holds ordinary board meetings every other month and extraordinary board meetings as needed.
The Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises four Audit & Supervisory Board Members, including three Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members. In accordance with the audit policy it has formulated, Audit & Supervisory Board Members carry out audit, such as by learning from Directors and other personnel about the status of execution of their duties and inspecting documents whereby important decisions were made, etc.
The Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee
The Company established the Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee in order to strengthen fairness, transparency, and objectivity of nomination of and compensation for Directors and Executive Officers, and to further enhance corporate governance.
Internal Audits
The Company has set up an Internal Auditing Division, which offers specific advice and recommendations to individual segments in an effort to maintain the soundness of the Company.
(ii)
(iii) (iv)
14
(6 points ↑)
16
(1 point ↑)
14
(1 point ↑)
  Score (points)
Strongly disagree: -2
Disagree: -1
Neither agree nor disagree: 0
Agree: 1
Strongly agree: 2
 Issues of FY2019
Response of FY2020
Issues of FY2020
Response of FY2021
In terms of the composition of the Board of Directors, one issue was that Outside Directors make up less than one third of the total number. Another topic raised was the desirability of having more opportunities for the Board of Directors to discuss issues related to business strategy, and of having more sharing of information to enable the Outside Directors to deepen their knowledge of the business.
In terms of the composition of the Board of Directors, the General Meeting of Shareholders in June 2021 resulted in the election of three Outside Directors, which means that Outside Directors make up one third of the Board of Directors. In addition, efforts have been made to increase opportunities for Outside Directors to attend meetings of the Board of Executive Officers, and to increase opportunities for the prior consideration by the Board of Directors of important matters related to business strategy.
With regards the composition of the Board of Directors, following on from the previous year, issues related to the appropriate number of Outside Directors and to the consideration of diversity remain unresolved. The further invigoration of discussions by the Board of Directors, and the strengthening of discussions related to group company governance are also issues.
Following the election of a female Outside Director at the General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2021, Outside Directors now make up one third of the Board of Directors. We will continue to consider matters related to the appropriate composition of the Board of Directors, including the training of female executive officers and senior corporate staff. In matters related to business strategy and group company initiatives, we will put in place a framework for invigorating discussions, such as by increasing opportunities for discussion right from the initial draft stage.
  Changes in Corporate Governance
Establishment of committees
Established the Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee
Measures for strengthening governance
Introduced the Executive Officer system 2004 Built the internal control reporting system (J-SOX) 2008 Introduced a restricted share remuneration plan Composition of the Board of Directors
Number of Directors (of which Outside Directors) Number of female Directors
2016 2018 2020
 2015
8 (2)
0
2017
8 (2)
2019
2021 (FY)
9 (3)
1
 2018
2018
    8 (3)
9 (2)
    35
36
Accounting Auditor

Corporate Governance
 Executive remuneration
Executive remuneration at Kanaden consists of three elements: basic remuneration, which is fixed remuneration; the bonus, which is performance- based remuneration, etc.; share remuneration, which is non-monetary remuneration (restricted share remuneration). However, in view of the nature of their duties, only basic remuneration is paid to Outside Directors.
1) Basic remuneration (monetary remuneration)
Variable remuneration 54%
3) Non-monetary remuneration
(share remuneration)
2) Performance- based
remuneration (bonus)
 Fixed remuneration 46%
1) Basic remuneration
*Source: Actual FY2020 remuneration for the President and Representative Director
Basic remuneration for the Directors of the Company consists of fixed monthly remuneration at a level appropriate to their position, which is determined by a comprehensive view that takes into account objective remuneration survey data (such as industry, business category, net sales, market capitalization, and number of employees) obtained from specialized external third-party organizations, and the salary level of employees.
2) Performance-based remuneration (bonus)
The funding of performance-based remuneration, etc. at Kanaden is determined by profits generated in each fiscal year, and remuneration is paid as a bonus on a fixed date every year. In order to raise awareness of trends in performance, individual remuneration amounts are determined with reference to individual track records, which are computed in accordance with performance indicators set for each business segment. However, in the case of Directors for whom divisional performance cannot be evaluated, indicators for the entire company are applied.
3) Non-monetary remuneration (share remuneration)
Non-monetary remuneration at Kanaden takes the form of a restricted share remuneration plan. Based on a resolution of the Board of Directors, all monetary remuneration claims are paid as assets contributed in kind, upon which common shares of the Company are issued or disposed of. However, the Company and eligible Directors enter into an allotment agreement for restricted shares (“the Allotment Agreement”), under which the eligible Directors are unable to freely transfer the allocated shares of the Company for a period of time specified in the Allotment Agreement. In the event that certain conditions specified in the Allotment Agreement met, such as the indicators set out in the medium-term management plan by the Company not being achieved, the Company may acquire the common stock of the Company without consideration.
*At the General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2021, the policy on non-monetary remuneration was amended as follows.
■ Remuneration ratios after amendment in June 2021
(Note 1) Remuneration includes any portion received as an employee Outside Directors are not included.
(Note 2) The above-mentioned ratios are predicated on numerical management targets in ES-C2025 being achieved 100%, and the ratios of remuneration will vary
 Position
 Basic remuneration
 Performance-based bonus
 Restricted share remuneration
 Performance-based
 Service-based
 President
  42.3%
  43.5%
  7.1%
  7.1%
 Director with special titles
43.7%
42.7%
6.8%
6.8%
 Director
  44.9%
  41.9%
  6.6%
  6.6%
     depending on actual results.
■ KPIs for FY2020 performance-based remuneration (share remuneration)
Targets Consolidated net sales: 145.0 billion yen Consolidated ordinary profit: 5.3 billion yen
Results Consolidated net sales: 108.2 billion yen Consolidated ordinary profit: 2.8 billion yen
■ Total amount of remuneration for FY2020
Return on Equity (ROE): 8.0%
Return on Equity (ROE): 5.2%
9 3 4
             Total amount of remuneration (Millions of yen)
Total amount of remuneration by type (Millions of yen)
Eligible Officers (Persons)
  Officer portion
Basic remuneration
Performance-based remuneration
  Bonus
Share remuneration
      Director
230
116
77
35
     Audit & Supervisory Board Member
20
20
-
-
      Of which Outside Officer
22
22
-
-
      37
     Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
Message from Outside Directors ■Takeshi Jin
Kanaden’s role in society as an Electronics Solutions Company is to resolve customers’ issues and contribute to society through the SDGs and other initiatives, so as to facilitate the sustainable growth of society. This approach is clearly expressed in the medium-term management plan, and the Company is taking on the challenge of implementing initiatives for new fields of business from a range of angles. While there will no doubt be both successes and failures, our hope is that the Company continues to improve itself while undertaking further new endeavors.
The key issue in the promotion of the medium-term management plan is that of people. The Company must make efforts to raise the level of technical skill of its employees and to promote diversity, including women and foreign employees. We believe that now, when the Company has financial strength to spare, is precisely the right time to take an aggressive approach to committing capital.
  ■Yoshiro Nagashima
 ■Yayoi Ito
The business strategy and initiatives in the medium-term management plan have been fully considered, and we hope to see them actively implemented. In addition, company-wide initiatives such as cooperation between divisions and plans for DX are progressing, and a framework has been put in place to allow the Company to work as one to drive the business forward. Going forward, we believe that the next stage is that of enhancing the ability of each individual employee, and so we hope to see specific human resources strategies needed to achieve sustainable growth formulated and put into practice.
As Outside Directors, we offer advice and recommendations during the Board of Director decision-making. From the perspective of whether sufficient information is being collected and analyzed, through attendance at the Board of Executive Officers and other measures, we are provided with adequate information. We will continue with our efforts to contribute to the development of the Company.
 My perception of the role of an Outside Director is that it consists of observing, from outside the company, the state of its management from a broad and objective perspective, offering opinions, and participating in decision-making. I have been involved in IT for many years, and have accumulated a range of experience in system engineering, consulting, sales management, new business creation, and alliances with overseas companies. Kanaden is moving forward with DX, the challenge of entering new fields, and overseas expansion, and I intend to apply my own insights, while taking a bird’s eye view of such strategies, and offering advice.
The concept of ESG investment is spreading through the economy, and the SDG perspective is also becoming increasingly important. There are many areas in which Kanaden can contribute to society, including the environment, gender issues, and energy. I believe we should make such initiatives visible, and use them to improve corporate value going forward.
  38

     Compliance / Risk Management
Compliance
Basic Viewpoint Concerning Compliance
Follow a Sincere and Ethical Path
The core value of the KANADEN Group Philosophy, “Follow a Sincere and Ethical Path,” is the Group’s basic policy
on compliance. In the Group Philosophy, we emphasize “Open and Fair Management” and declare “We fulfill the expectations and garner the trust of all stakeholders through sound and sincere business practices grounded in high ethical standards.” Based on the Group Philosophy, all employees of the Group share the principle that “ethical conduct and compliance are the prerequisites for the existence of an enterprise,” and moreover, in all their actions endeavor to be mindful of their social responsibilities based on ethical values that go beyond ensuring compliance.
Compliance Committee
The Company has established the Compliance Committee chaired by the President and with a membership consisting of Directors and Executive Officers. The committee discusses and implements initiatives for promoting compliance to ensure that the Company’s officers and employees act based on high ethical values. Moreover, for operating divisions to take the initiative in promoting compliance, the Compliance Information Liaison Meeting is organized whose membership consists of the Chief Compliance Manager and compliance managers who assist Compliance Committee members. The regular meeting is held twice a year and an extraordinary meeting is convened in the event of an emergency. At the regular meeting, measures concerning items for promoting compliance are formulated and the progress of their implementation is checked. The meeting members share information and exchange views to ensure promotion of compliance.
Compliance Education
■ Training for Group employees
In order to further raise awareness of the importance of compliance, the Company has prepared a manual on the laws and regulations relevant to its business activities and provides explanations on basic in-house rules and legal matters related to operations that the employees should know and understand.
In addition, we use e-learning to supplement these explanations. In fiscal 2020, a total of 365 employees of the Group, primarily those who joined their companies less than three years previously, participated in 10 e-learning programs in the period from October to December.
■ Training for cultivation of organizational cultures
The Company implemented unconscious bias training for those of Officer or Executive Officer rank and higher, with the objective of fostering an open and dynamic corporate culture. Through lectures and discussions, we will raise awareness of the existence of unconscious bias, which is one of the obstacles to constructing an organizational culture, and by overcoming these barriers, we will create an open corporate culture. Regarding workplace harassment, as well as providing an anti-harassment e-learning program, the President has issued a statement addressed to all employees that makes it clear Kanaden will not permit any harassment. We are striving to create a harassment-free working environment throughout the Company.
Organizational Initiatives
■ Questionnaire survey of partner companies regarding compliance
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc. to Subcontractors and the Construction Business Act and preventing inappropriate transactions, we conduct an annual questionnaire survey of partner companies, which includes a question on whether they are compelled to engage in any inappropriate transactions. The survey contributes to ensuring compliance and promotion of fair transactions and prevention of risk.
Operation of the Corporate Ethics Hotline
The Group has the Corporate Ethics Hotline for whistleblowing to prevent unethical conduct and strengthen its self-purification function.
This hotline is available not only for the Group’s employees but also for contracted workers, part-time workers, and temporary staff. Moreover, to protect whistleblowers from anxiety with extreme care, they can opt to contact an external attorney’s office so that they can be free from concerns about being identified.
For all the cases reported via the hotline so far, the Company has implemented thorough measures to protect the whistleblowers and strictly handled the cases in accordance with the Rules for Operation of the Corporate Ethics Hotline. The cases are investigated, starting with the confirmation of the facts and if any problem is identified, corrective action is swiftly taken and recurrence prevention measures are considered and implemented.
■ Corporate Ethics Hotline Flowchart
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
        Whistleblower
Notification Response
Notification Response
Attorney’s office
Collaboration
Internal contact
Reporting Instruction
Council
Reporting
Reporting Instruction
President
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Risk Management
Basic Viewpoint Concerning Risk Management Risk Management
In order to forestall management crises and ensure the continuation and stable development of the business, risks for important matters related to the execution of business are evaluated and identified, deliberated at Management Meetings, and decided on by the Board of Directors. Preventive measures have been devised to deal with a variety of crises, such as the strengthening of governance, the effective operation of the internal control system, and the ongoing implementation of compliance-related initiatives.
In the event of a state of emergency such as a natural disaster, accident or unforeseen incident occurring, the Company aims for important operations to continue uninterrupted, and even in the event of such interruptions taking place, for operations to resume in the shortest possible time. In order to deal with the initial stages promptly and appropriately, a Disaster Countermeasures Headquarters will be set up to devise countermeasures, and the Company implements an ongoing program of education and training on a day-to-day basis.
Moreover, in order to protect our own information assets and the information assets entrusted to us by customers and suppliers from theft, falsification, damage, and leakage, and to manage them properly and securely, we have prescribed the Basic Policy on Information Security and operate it appropriately. In addition to security measures at the system level, we seek to strengthen information security by implementing an ongoing program of education, development and training for employees, and handling information in an appropriate fashion.
     39
40

  Important Theme of KANADEN
 Kanaden’s Important Themes / H(Human Resources) E(Environment) S(Society)
The Kanaden Group’s mission is to contribute to the development of a sound and dynamic society through the creation of added value. In carrying out this mission, it is vital to consider the environment, connect with local communities, develop human resources who support the business, and carry out initiatives to address these issues.
The Kanaden Group recognizes Human Resources (H), Environment (E), and Society (S) as key management issues and engages in various initiatives aimed at the development of a sustainable society in all aspects of business activities.
        Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
  Human Resources Development
Human Resources Policy
The Kanaden Group possesses the posture of boldly taking on new challenges and the courage for reform, boosts the growth of individuals and organizations, and aims for the improvement of corporate vitality.
   1. Improvement of (1) efficiency and
productivity through review of the ICT environment; reduction of long work hours
Improve operational efficiency by reviewing the operations system and
2. Creation of a culture and (1) environment in which (2) diverse human resources
can fully demonstrate (3) their abilities
3. Growth of individuals/ (1) organizations
introducing sales support systems.
(2) Strengthen data analysis/utilization functions.
(3) Achieve flexible workstyles by enhancing communications tools and putting in
place teleworking environments.
Prevent harassment.
Revise various personnel systems to improve the convenience of shorter or flexible working hours, and paid leave programs.
Provide information to support work-life balance (child care, nursing care).
Improve business skills through level and theme-specific training; spread
Group Philosophy.
(2) Strengthen and develop human resources who can “challenge and innovate” by spreading new HR evaluation system.
   Issues
● Creation of workplace environment in which employees feel pride in their work
● Improvement of communications which can cross organizational borders
● Creation of an organizational culture in which diverse human resources can fully execute their abilities
   Goals and the company we want the Kanaden Group to become
● No direct or indirect discrimination of traits unrelated to execution of one’s role; diverse human resources execute their skills and receive appropriate treatment.
● Become an organization where creativity and taking on challenges are praised and supported; pursue highly productive, high-value-added work from each and every employee.
● The economic effects of individuals and organizations fully exercising their abilities construct a positive cycle which becomes the driver of further growth.
   Current initiatives
● Level-specific individual training, childbirth/child care support, Employee Stock Ownership Association, child raising support, Life Plan Support Program, Shin- yu Kai
42
 Human Resources
P42-P44
Human resources development is a key theme of the Kanaden Group. We are promoting the development of diverse human resources who can take on new challenges and fostering creativity and a sense of balance by creating a workplace environment in which employees feel pride in their work. We aim to increase corporate value by boosting the growth of both individuals and organizations.
The Company has a corporate culture in which it flexibly responds to changes and continues to evolve while accurately identifying the needs and issues of customers and solving problems. “Human resources” with excellent human qualities are vital in order to take on customer issues. Kanaden takes proactive efforts to support employees, such as through its human resources system which develops human resources with excellent human qualities and the promotion of diverse workstyles to create an environment where employees can work with ease.
Modern society demands that companies contribute to solving environmental issues through business activities. Utilizing our knowledge and experience as an Electronics Solutions Company, Kanaden will contribute to solving environmental issues.
The Earth we all live on is facing numerous environmental issues, including global warming, polluted oceans, and a steep population increase. In particular, the impact of climate change on the environment is growing more serious. If global warming continues at this pace, it may threaten our lives as abnormal weather grows more frequent, high tides cause flooding, and droughts slow down agriculture and lead to food shortage.
Kanaden acknowledges that environmental issues should be addressed. We are contributing to a reduction of the burden on the environment through products related to energy conservation, renewable energy, and environment.
The Group is also proactively taking efforts towards the conservation of the global environment and the preservation of biodiversity.
The Kanaden Group participates in and supports social contribution activities. Based on an awareness that companies are one member of society, Kanaden aims to fulfill its role as a corporate citizen supporting communities and society. We want to be a company beloved by everyone through not just the business activities, but also social contribution activities for community development and volunteer activities rooted in local communities.
As one member of society, the Company aims to interaction with the local community through community contribution activities in order to create a healthy society.
We are also aiming to create a healthy society through volunteer activities for the development of communities and sponsorships to develop the young generation who will lead the future. During emergencies, we provide support to victims and affected areas through financial donations.
In the future, Kanaden will continue to value our connection to communities and engage in social contribution activities for sustainable development.
    Environment
P45-P46
    Society
P47-P48
  41
 
      Important Theme of KANADEN
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy
Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
  Human Resources Initiatives
Designing various systems from the three perspectives of establishing workplace environment, strengthening organizational capabilities, and developing individual abilities
Developing Individual Abilities
We provide theme-specific training to allow the strengthening of sales skills and the acquisition of techniques and knowledge about solutions proposals. We are working to build an environment that enables employees to polish their skills of their own initiative, and that provides more motivation for employees to engage in learning, such as by establishing subsidies for correspondence education and other measures.
CLOSE-UP
Technical education
Correspondence education (Public lectures by external training institutions)
Improving Skills
● Solutions School
● Technical education at each division
● P.. romoting the acquisition of the Construction Business
Act-related qualifications
● Providing lectures in a variety of categories as part of our personal development initiatives
 Framework for Human Resources Development
In order to foster the “Open and Dynamic Corporate Culture” described in the Group Philosophy, we are moving forward with measures to develop diverse human resources, to provide a foundation for individual and organizational growth, and to improve the workplace environment and set out regulations in the following three areas: (1) strengthening organizational capabilities, (2) developing individual abilities, and (3) improving the workplace environment. Human resources development is not just training, but is also cultivated in everyday operations, including OJT. We aim to cooperate with each division and focus on post-training follow-ups and on-site education. We will strive to enhance our training and education systems so that the quality improvement of each and every employee leads to further strengthening of organizational capabilities.
(1) Strengthening Organizational Capabilities
(2) Developing Individual Abilities
      (3) Establishing Workplace Environment
Technical Education at Solutions School
In order to nurture human resources capable of proposing total solutions that resolve the issues faced by customers, we opened a “Solutions School” in FY2019. In growth fields such as robots, automation, IoT and AI, we seek to strengthen our solutions proposal capabilities through a combination of seminar-based training for students selected by the sales divisions nationwide and on-the-job training (OJT). In group seminars held a total of eight times over two years, we teach know-how that is useful in practical situations, such as explaining the solutions catalog and role- playing proposals. With regard to OJT, the Solution Engineering Division supports improvements to solutions proposal capabilities through the use of specific projects, such as by taking students along with them when visiting customers.
Establishing Workplace Environment
Voice of Students
The key issues in proposals were presented in role-playing format which made them easy to understand !
Going forward, I want to acquire the leadership ability to create comprehensive solutions !
It would be good if there were a venue to mutually resolve problems.
 By making available a list of training video footage on the “Education Library” internal training portal site, employees who wish to attend a lecture can undergo training without restrictions, irrespective of time or place, and the system is set up to enable reviews of content that the employee has already sat through. In these and other ways, we are working to create an environment in which human resources can develop. In order to strengthen organizational capabilities and develop individual abilities, we are working to train human resources from a variety of perspectives, as well as implementing initiatives to create an environment in which employees can work with ease.
     Strengthening Organizational Capabilities
We are putting in place a development environment for new employees through such measures as assigning a leader for OJT according to the operational site and actual work conditions, and a mentor to help them with their mental health, including dealing with changes in their living environment.
OJT leaders and mentors themselves receive training beforehand, and we work to instill the Company’s viewpoint and philosophy about human resources training and strengthen the organization. We also aim to create an organizational culture in which diverse human resources can fully execute their abilities through regular training held by inside and outside lecturers.
CLOSE-UP
Lectures by Directors/ Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers
Training for OJT leaders and mentors
Overseas training (Training members for international business)
Seminar
Improving Mindset
● C.. reation of an organizational culture for human resources development
● Understanding of roles of OJT leaders and mentors
● K.. ey points for instruction and basic steps, and acquiring
skills to put them into practice
● Developing human resources equipped with a global perspective, as well as the ability to think independently and take appropriate action, in order to strengthen the overseas business
● S.. etting themes aimed at strengthening/enhancing organizational capabilities
● S.. etting themes aimed at achieving sustainable growth
The Company has put in place internal regulations for maternity leave before and after childbirth, child care leave and others that are available according to childbirth, child care and other life events in order to establish a dynamic workplace environment that enables the development of diverse human resources. The Company is also moving to establish work environments that utilize free addresses to invigorate natural communication between employees, teleworking where employees do not have to choose their work location, and other work practices.
    Human Resources Data(Non-consolidated)
 ■ Number of employees and ratio of female employees, results & target
■ Ratio of paid leave taken, results & target (%)
(Persons)
800 700
26.9
600 500
580
Ratio of female employees (right axis)
29.0 28.8
573 593
Number of employees (%)
  33.3
(left axis)
FY2023 Target
40 30 20 10
100
80
60
40 50.7
20
0 FY2018
FY2023 Target
70.0
FY2023
400 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2023 0
50.7
FY2019
47.4
FY2020
 Lectures by Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers
Based on the idea that the quality enhancement of every single employee is indispensable to the Group’s development, as part of our efforts to create an organizational culture for the training of human resources, the Company provides regular internal lectures presented by Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers. The Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers draw on their front-line experience to convey know-how that is aligned with the actual situation of the Company and what kind of behavior is required to employees, thus working to strengthen the mindset and awareness of employees about growth. By making clear what kind of organization we seek to become and what kind of person we want employees to become, we are opening the way to fostering an organizational culture in which diverse human resources can fully exhibit their abilities.
    43
44

      Important Theme of KANADEN
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
  Approach to Environmental Conservation
Environmental Policy
The Kanaden Group recognizes its mission to hand over a clean world to future generations and has positioned its Environmental Policy as one of its key management issues. For the development of a sustainable society, in all aspects of corporate activities, we strive to conserve and work in harmony with the global environment.
   1. Environmental conservation activities
2. Compliance with environment-related laws and regulations
3. Continuous improvement
(1) We will contribute to the development of a low carbon and recycle-oriented society by not only expanding the sales of eco-friendly products but also offering solutions that are perfect for our customers’ eco-business.
(2) Our Group’s employees and families will work to promote energy savings, resource savings, and proper waste disposal to reduce the burden on the environment.
(3) We will make a commitment to biodiversity-oriented environmental conservation activities to promote the coexistence of human beings and nature.
We will comply with environment-related laws and regulations, as well as outside environmental requirements the Group has agreed to.
We will work to develop an awareness of environmental conservation and to continuously improve and maintain initiatives that contribute to reducing the burden on the environment.
 Initiatives for the Use of Green Energy
“Green energy” refers to electricity generated from renewable energy sources such as solar power, wind power, hydro power, biomass, and geothermal power that is environmentally friendly. This is sustainable energy that does not emit CO2, which is one of the primary causes of global warming, at the time the electricity is generated, and contributes to reductions in energy use (reductions in consumption of fossil fuels).
Beginning in FY2021, the Company will procure 971,000 kWh of electricity and 1,848,000 MJ of heat used at its business locations from renewable sources, in accordance with the guidelines set out by the Japan Quality Assurance Organization. Going forward, we will continue to combine initiatives to reduce energy consumption at our own facilities with the sale of energy-saving products to customers, such as air-conditioning equipment and LED lighting, as well as creating proposals for net zero energy building (ZEB). In this way, we will reduce CO2 emissions and promote initiatives that lead to growth in renewable and natural energy.
Solar
Hydro
Biomass
Wind
Geothermal
       Harumi Island Triton Square, in which our head office is located, has been certified as a “Near-Top-Level” facility
Under the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Bureau of Environment’s overall greenhouse gas emission reduction obligations and emissions trading program (Cap-and-Trade Program), facilities that have outstanding performance in countering global warming are given a “Top-Level” or “Near-Top-Level” certification. Harumi Island Triton Square, in which our head office is located, was certified as a “Near-Top-Level” facility in FY2021, and as a part-owner, the Company also received certification as a facility that has made outstanding global warming countermeasure efforts. In order to further mitigate environmental impacts, we will continue to promote LED lighting, ZEB, and other sustainable initiatives, and contribute to overall reductions in greenhouse gas emissions.
    Environmental Data (for Group as a whole) * excluding overseas affiliated companies
  Electricity
Since the relocation of the head office in August 2019, we have worked to reduce electricity consumption through such measures as switching to LED lighting, but due to the impact of a significant increase in scope, the result has been a small increase.
Copier paper
(million kwh)
2.5 2.09 1.91 2.01 2.0 1.82
2.21
2020 (FY)
1.5 1.0 0
(t) 60
2016 2017 2018 2019
  40 39 40 reduction in copier paper usage. 20
Due to the implementation of teleworking and the promotion of paperless operations, we have achieved a considerable
36
31
19
Gasoline
180 We have updated the guidelines for the selection of vehicles 155 and made hybrid vehicles the standard specification, which 130
163
165
130
has led to a reduction in gasoline consumption.
116
0
(kl)
2016 2017
2018 2019
2020 (FY)
93
2020 (FY)
  105 0
2016 2017
2018 2019
    Goals and the company we want the Kanaden Group to become
● Procure electricity used in business activities from 100% renewable energy sources.
● Achieve zero emissions and carbon neutrality in business activities.
● Contribute to the creation of low carbon and recycle-oriented society by expanding renewable energy business and using energy conservation equipment.
        Current initiatives
● Reduce environmental impact
Promoting energy conservation based on environmental manual; promoting installation of energy conservation equipment in in-house facilities. 
Capital expenditures to promote paperless operations across the entire company. CO2reduction by introducing hybrid cars.
● Expand support for energy business and energy conservation related products Promoting the environment business and the high-value-added system business.
● Protect natural environment
Supporting activities and proactive participation in community initiatives, such as “Kigyo no Mori,” tree-planting activities, and satoyama woodland preservation activities.
    45
46

 Responsibility as a Member of Society
Initiatives to counter the COVID-19 pandemic
ZEB initiatives
      ( 1 ) Energy conservation
( 2 ) BCP-ready ( 3 ) Enhance building value ( 4 ) Enhance corporate value
    AI camera
UV irradiation device for virus control/disinfection
Web conferencing system
              Crowding detected
  Crowding alert
Contactless operating panel system
           Contributing to society by creation of safe and secure urban environments and natural disaster countermeasures
 Supporting future technicians training
 Sponsorship of Student Formula
Kanaden sponsored the 2021 Formula SAE Japan competition (19th) held by the Society of Automotive Engineers of Japan, Inc. Based on the assumption that participating universities are start-up companies developing a racing car, students compete in a formula- style racing car that they build themselves.
We support activities that lead to the invigoration of engineering education by means of a competition that uses vehicles as its subject matter, and which is aimed at the generation that will be the future driver of Japan’s manufacturing industry.
                                                                      Important Theme of KANADEN
Initiatives for the Creation of Safe and Secure Urban Environments
During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has proposed a variety of solutions to prevent the spread of infection. We have gathered together a wide range of products, including an AI camera system that helps prevent crowding by providing visualizations of the state of congestion, a contactless operating panel system that enables switches and icons to be operated without the need for touching, droplet shields, handheld thermal cameras, and air filtration equipment for commercial use. We will leverage the products and technology we have developed as an Electronics Solutions Company, and promote solutions to enable the creation of safe and secure environments during the COVID-19 pandemic going forward.
■ Main solutions for dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic
In recent years, the impact of climate change caused by global warming has led to an intensifying trend of natural disasters, including rivers overflowing their banks and sediment damage. In terms of measures to deal with wind and water damage, and the aftermath of earthquakes, the Company is proposing solutions that contribute to the creation of safe and secure urban environments, such as systems to monitor rivers overflowing their banks, and disaster prevention radio systems. By enabling an understanding of the state of river levels and the amount of precipitation in real time, danger can be inferred in advance, and prompt action can be taken to evacuate the area. In addition, we are creating proposals aimed at public institutions for systems that use digital radio technology and high-performance speakers to call on residents over a wide area to evacuate in times of emergency. As a member of society, Kanaden contributes to the creation of safe and secure urban environments.
Measures to Mitigate Global Warming, and Initiatives to Reduce Energy Consumption and Generate Energy
In response to targets for reducing CO2 in Japan, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry is aiming to achieve ZEB (Net Zero Energy Building) status for all new buildings by 2030.
In July 2019, Kanaden was registered as a certified ZEB Planner and began supporting the implementation of ZEB for building owners.
ZEBs use energy-saving techniques and renewable energy to reduce the amount of energy consumed by the building as a whole to a level close to zero. ZEBs maintain the comfortability of a building while also producing net zero annual energy or creating more energy than they consume. They do this through energy conservation, such as improving equipment efficiency or insulation, and energy generation, such as by photovoltaic generation equipment, etc. At the same time, ZEBs also execute BCP measures during disasters.
Kanaden provides a one-stop service for everything from ZEB design proposals to energy conservation support after operation, including creating systems which use various energy conservation products, such as air conditioning, ventilation, hot water supply, lighting, elevators, and escalators. In this way, we seek to enhance the asset value of the building.
As an environmentally advanced corporation, Kanaden submits a variety of proposals that transcend existing frameworks, and contribute to the customer achieving increases in corporate value.
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
                               Reduction of heating and lighting expenses
Business continuity at times of natural disaster
Acquisition of energy- saving performance evaluation certificate
Boosting Image
SDGs
Enhancing image of corporation/building
Support to Develop the Human Resources Who Will Shape the Future
    47
48
River overflow monitoring system
Digital radio high-performance speakers

    Financial Statements
How Kanaden’s Finances Have Changed
11 Years of Financial Indicators
Value Creation Story
Growth Strategy
Systems to Support Growth
Corporate Profile
     Building Facilities
Infrastructure
Information & Communications Equipment
Ordinary profit
Total assets
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Net assets per share
Cash dividend
Return on Assets (ROA) (%)
Price Earnings Ratio (PER)
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Yen
Yen
%
Times
17,375
30,196
37,751
2,680
69,830
3,741
(653)
945.73
17.00
3.9
11.8
15,434
27,714
26,578
3,099
71,996
1,022
(614)
975.60
17.00
4.4
11.0
15,139
33,249
24,940
2,957
71,473
1,255
(612)
1,040.08
17.00
4.1
10.6
16,412
36,688
29,497
3,834
76,897
4,428
(621)
1,100.59
19.00
5.2
11.2
16,317
31,890
30,545
4,223
77,768
(4,183)
1,234.76
25.00
89
5.5
11.1
16,390
34,645
27,206
4,378
81,637
4,379
(870)
1,275.48
29.00
5.5
9.4
19,815
31,646
27,619
4,385
81,383
(2,428)
(982)
1,364.06
32.00
5.4
11.0
17,476
29,962
28,798
4,854
77,869
(3,307)
(1,749)
1,453.60
32.00
6.1
13.8
16,248
30,344
27,902
4,617
86,801
4,334
(2,618)
1,517.60
39.00
5.6
10.7
19,726
37,080
24,673
3,785
81,011
4,827
(1,220)
1,568.54
42.00
4.5
10.4
FY2020
              Net sales
Factory Automation Systems
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
118,501
33,178
107,857
38,129
109,462
36,132
120,410
37,812
122,009
43,256
120,534
42,293
122,984
43,903
122,058
45,820
123,337
48,841
126,519
45,039
108,229 35,508 13,796 32,687 26,236
2,672 2,819 2,319
77,299 44,517 (19) 778 (3,055) 16,658 1,659.45 82.85 29.00 57.6 3.6 5.2 14.6 35.0
   Operating profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Net assets
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of Period
Unit
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Yen
%
%
%
FY2010
2,816
1,503 32,667 (613) 20,479 43.48 46.7 4.6 39.1
FY2011
3,049
1,652 33,681 (92) 20,777 47.92 46.7 5.0 35.5
FY2012
2,894
1,933 35,897 815 22,295 56.09 50.2 5.6 30.3
FY2013
3,754
2,178 37,937 (72) 26,169 63.19 49.3 5.9 30.1
FY2014 FY2015
4,133 4,333
2,667 2,844 37,238 38,469 1,203 (1,107) 23,559 25,935 78.93 94.34 47.9 47.1 7.1 7.5 31.7 30.7
FY2016
4,330
2,943 41,119 (73) 22,390 97.64 50.5 7.4 32.8
FY2017
4,755
3,193 43,091 (411) 16,889 106.08 55.3 7.6 30.2
FY2018
4,465
3,253 43,224 (2,187) 16,400 110.05
49.8 7.5 35.4
FY2019
3,688
3,416 44,710 (1,029) 18,962 119.88
55.2 7.8 35.0
■ Equity ratio(%)
Basic earnings per share
Equity ratio
Return on Equity (ROE)
Payout ratio
■ Net sales (Millions of yen)
■ Operating profit (Millions of yen)
■ Ordinary profit (Millions of yen)
■ Profit attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen)
■ ROE(%)
■ ROA(%) 7.5
5.6
   122,984
122,058
123,337
126,519
4,755
4,854
3,193
3,253
3,416
                    2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
108,229
4,330
4,465
4,385
4,617
2,943
7.4
7.6
7.8
3,688
55.3
55.2
57.6
2,672
2,819
5.2
3,785
2,319
50.5
49.8
6.1 5.4
4.5
3.6
 49
50

                                    Corporate Profile
 Global Network
Overseas Affiliated Companies
A KANADEN CORPORATION (H.K.) LTD.
Unit 07b, 10/F., CDW Building, 388 Castle Peak Road, Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong
TEL: 852-2861-0386
Sales of semiconductors, devices, and others
B KANADEN CORPORATION SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.
3791 Jalan Bukit Merah #10-10, e-Centre@Redhill, Singapore 159471 TEL: 65-6276-4181
Sales of semiconductors, devices, and others
C KANADEN CORPORATION (S.H.) LTD.
1505, Sheng Gao International Tower, 137 Xian Xia Rd., Shanghai, 200051, China TEL: 86-21-6228-7711
Sales of semiconductors, devices, Factory Automation equipment, and industrial mechatronics products
C1 - KANADEN CORPORATION (S.H.) LTD. Shenzhen Branch Office Room1515, Block A, Shenzhen International Chamber of Commerce Building Futian District Shenzhen, 518000, China
C2 - KANADEN CORPORATION (S.H.) LTD. Tianjin Branch Office
The Exchange Tower1 29F No.2917, Nanjing Rd.189, Heping District, Tianjin 300051, China
C2
7
5
Value Creation Story
Growth Strategy
Systems to Support Growth
Corporate Profile
   13 18 12
6 8
14 22 3
21
1 15 20 2
Affiliated Companies in Japan
KANADEN BRAIN CORPORATION 15 Head Office
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6215 TEL: 03-3532-6001
Sales of computers, development of software, and software- related services
16 Kansai Sales Office
Kanaden Osaka Building, 7-7, Matsuyamachi, Chuo-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka 542-0067
TEL: 06-6763-6841
17 Chubu Sales Office
Kanaden Nagoya Building, 1-19-1 Meieki Minami, Nakamura-ku, Nagoya 450-0003
TEL: 052-588-2310
18 Kyushu Sales Office
N Tenjin Building, 3-7-31 Tenjin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka-shi,
Fukuoka 810-0001 TEL: 092-733-1331
19 TECHNO-CREATE CORPORATION
Kanaden Osaka Building, 7-7, Matsuyamachi, Chuo-ku,
Osaka-shi, Osaka 542-0067
TEL: 06-6763-6835
Design and development of computer software
KANADEN ENGINEERING CORPORATION 20 Head Office
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6216 TEL: 03-6747-8890
Sales, design, installation and maintenance of communications equipment, electronics-applied equipment, air-conditioning equipment, low-temperature equipment, electrical facilities, and lighting equipment
21 Shinjuku Branch Office
Shinjuku Koyo Building, 5-15-6, Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku,
Tokyo 160-0022 TEL: 03-3356-2214
22 Tohoku Branch Office
Sendai Kamisugi Building, 1-17-7, Kamisugi Aoba-ku,
Sendai-shi, Miyagi 980-0011 TEL: 022-267-5971
23 KANADEN TELESYS CORPORATION
Sakaisuji Best Building, 1-16-13, Minami-Semba, Chuo-ku,
Osaka-shi, Osaka 542-0081
TEL: 06-6264-0300
Sales and maintenance of mobile communication equipment
 C
10
9 16 19 23
4
 11 17
  D KANADEN TRADING (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
4345 Bhiraj Tower at BITEC, 14th Floor, Room No. BTB-TWR. 14. 1407, Sukhumvit Road, Bangna Tai Subdistrict, Bangna District, Bangkok 10260, Thailand TEL: 66-2-130-5644
Sales of Factory Automation equipment, air- conditioning and refrigeration equipment, semiconductors, devices, etc.
Procurement from within the Group in Thailand, functions to supervise cultivation of new products
E KANADEN (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
4345 Bhiraj Tower at BITEC, 14th Floor, Room No.
BTB-TWR. 14. 1407, Sukhumvit Road, Bangna Tai Subdistrict, Bangna District, Bangkok10260, Thailand TEL: 66-2-130-5644
Sales of Factory Automation equipment, industrial mechatronics equipment, air-conditioning and refrigeration equipment, and systems associated with the solutions business such as automation/IoT
F FACOM-KD (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
4345 Bhiraj Tower at BITEC, 14th Floor, Room No. BTB-TWR. 14. 1407, Sukhumvit Road, Bangna Tai Subdistrict, Bangna District, Bangkok 10260, Thailand TEL: 66-2-130-5645
Design, manufacturing and installation of industrial machinery, control systems, etc.
G KANADEN VIETNAM CO., LTD.
IDMC My Dinh Building, No.15 Pham Hung Road,
My Dinh 2 Ward, Nam Tu Liem District, Ha Noi City, Socialist Republic of Vietnam
TEL: 84-24-3206-6695
Sales of Factory Automation equipment, industrial mechatronics equipment, and systems associated with the solutions business such as automation/IoT
6
Nagano Sales Office
  G
Domestic Offices
C1 A
225-1-302, Kamishiojiri, Ueda-shi, Nagano 386-0042 TEL: 0268-25-3226
7 Hokkaido Sales Office
 D E F
7-7, Matsuyamachi, Chuo-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka 542-8554 TEL: 06-6763-6800
10 Keiji Sales Office
Otsu Daiichi Seimei Building, 3-1-8, Chuo, Otsu-shi, Shiga 520-0043
TEL: 077-510-2771
11 Chubu Branch Office
1-19-1, Meieki-Minami, Nakamura-ku, Nagoya-shi, Aichi 450-0003
TEL: 052-588-2000
12 Kyushu Branch Office
1-2-20, Saenba, Kokurakita-ku, Kitakyushu-shi, Fukuoka 803-8691
TEL: 093-561-6481
13 Fukuoka Sales Office
Dainana-Myojo Building, 4-1-1, Tenjin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka-shi, Fukuoka
810-0001
TEL: 092-761-7855
14 Tohoku Branch Office
Sendai Kamisugi Building, 1-17-7, Kamisugi Aoba-ku, Sendai-shi, Miyagi
980-0011
TEL: 022-266-3117
9
Mitsubishi Electric Corporation Hokkaido Branch Office, 4-1, Kita2JoNishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo-shi, Hokkaido 060-8693 TEL: 011-212-3773
8 Kofu Office
OSD-III (Iida) Building, 1-1-24, Iida, Kofu-shi, Yamanashi 400-0035
TEL: 055-235-6411
Kansai District Office
 1 Head Office
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6215
TEL: 03-6747-8800
2 Kanagawa Branch Office
Sotsu Yokohama Building, 1-3, Honcho, Naka-ku,
Yokohama-shi, Kanagawa 231-0005 TEL: 045-671-9211
3 Kita-Kanto Branch Office
Kanegen Building, 4-150-1, Miyacho, Omiya-ku, Saitama-shi,
Saitama 330-0802 TEL: 048-648-2857
     B
4 Nishi-Kanto Sales Office
Toyoko Building, 2-8-41, Chuo, Ebina-shi, Kanagawa 243-0432
TEL: 050-3734-9005
5 Mito Sales Office
Imon Mito Bld., 2-1-20, Jonan, Mito-shi, Ibaraki 310-0803
TEL: 029-350-6510
    51
52

    Corporate Profile
Shares and Share Price Information
Corporate Profile
Registered Trade Name and Other Company Information
Share Information (as of March 31, 2021)
■ Share Distribution by Owner Category
Value Creation Story Growth Strategy Systems to Support Growth Corporate Profile
 Paid-in Capital
 ¥5,576,250,000
 Registered Trade Name
 KANADEN CORPORATION
  Total Number of Shares Authorized to be Issued
Number of Shares Constituting a Minimum Trading Unit
■ Major Shareholders
Shareholder
Kanaden Corporation Client Stock Ownership Association
MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company Ltd.
Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
DFA INTL SMALL CAP VALUE PORTFOLIO
90,000,000 shares 100 shares
■ Treasury shares 6.20%
■ Financial institutions   13.19%
■ Financial
instruments business operators
  1.31%
■ Other corporations   32.74%
Head Office
Stock Exchange Listing Number of Employees
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6215
First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
929 (on a consolidated basis, as of April 1, 2021)
 Shares of Common Stock Issued and Outstanding
28,600,000 shares
Founded
1907
 ■ Personal and others
  36.24%
Number of Shareholders
 16,188
 TEL
03-6747-8800
Securities Code
 8081
  Number of shares held (thousands of shares)
2,890
751
600
455
379
Ownership ratio (%)
10.78
2.80
2.24
1.70
1.42
■ Foreign corporations etc.
10.32%
 Editorial Policy
This report has been compiled to provide all of our stakeholders with a balanced understanding of various aspects of the Group, including financial information such as business performance and strategies, as well as non-financial information on social, environmental and governance matters. When compiling this report, the Company referred to the International Integrated Reporting Framework published by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).
In addition to this report, we have also prepared securities reports, business reports and a variety of other communication tools.
For detailed information, refer to the Kanaden website.
Reporting Period
Communication Tool Matrix
Kanaden Website
Securities reports
General
   KANADEN REPORT
Business reports (mid-term)
  Corporate governance report
Specialized
Financial closing briefing presentation materials
 The applicable reporting period is from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021.
(Portions of this report contain information about activities and initiatives from April 1, 2021.)
Reportable Organization
Kanaden Group (including related companies in Japan and overseas)
Disclaimer Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
The forward-looking statements regarding business performance contained in this report are based on information available to the Company when the report was published and on certain assumptions deemed to be reasonable. Consequently, actual business performance may differ from the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. Important factors that may affect the actual performance, etc. include economic conditions in Japan and overseas related to our business areas, trends in demand for our products and services, and trends in exchange markets and stock markets. It should be noted, however, that factors that may affect actual performance are not limited to these items.
   Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
 7,204
 26.85
 Kanaden Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Association
926
3.45
■ Share Distribution by Number of Shares Owned
■ Less than 100 shares
0.02%
■ 1,000,000 shares or more
41.50%
■ 100 shares or more
4.92%   ■ 1,000 shares
or more
  12.24%
■ 10,000 shares or more
  13.08%
■ 100,000 shares or more
  28.24%
■ Hokkaido 0.17% ■ Tohoku1.12%
■ Kanto
  76.07%
   Mitsubishi Logistics Corporation
656
2.45
 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
512
1.91
GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. REG
400
1.49
  * Although the Company holds 1,773,253 shares as treasury shares, it is excluded from the list of major shareholders presented above.
* Ownership ratio is calculated excluding treasury shares (1,773,253 shares).
■ Trend in Share Price The Company’s
Turnover (hundreds of shares)
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
■ Share Distribution by Region ■ Foreign countries10.98%
■ Kyushu1.95% ■ Shikoku
  0.47%
■ Chugoku   0.53%
■ Kinki
  5.53%
■ Chubu   3.18%
share price (yen) 2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
■Turnover ■Highest price
Lowest price
       53
54
0
2020/4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 2021/1 2 3
Overview
Detailed

Electronics Solutions Company
  Contact: General Affairs and Personnel Division
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6215, Japan TEL: 03-6747-8800
https://www.kanaden.co.jp
Issued in October 2021