1. Respond to changes in customers’ business models in the traffic and public sectors, while also continuing to fulfill the mission of maintaining the safety, security and comfort of social infrastructure and evolution thereof. With this in mind, step up efforts to make proposals on solutions without being constrained by traditional business areas.
2. Contribute to the strengthening of societal and industrial foundations by providing monitoring, disaster prevention, and disaster mitigation solutions in cases of climate-related disasters and natural disasters.

Due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19, transportation and infrastructure-related companies have become more reluctant to invest, and the situation is forecast to remain difficult in FY2022. However, we expect a certain level of demand to continue for self-driving initiatives, platform surveillance systems, and other measures aimed at improving the efficiency of the existing customer’s operations. There is also ongoing demand
for conversion of stations and rail yards to LED lighting, capital investment aimed at improving the safety and security of the working environment, and investments in energy-saving and labor-saving technology for use within stations, so we will further strengthen our solutions proposals going forward. We also intend
to increase our efforts to create proposals for department stores, hotels, and station buildings operated by the various railway companies.
In Social Systems, there is a pressing need for countermeasures to natural disasters such as earthquakes or wind and flood damage caused by climate change. Kanaden is promoting solutions for use in surveillance, disaster prevention and disaster mitigation applications by leveraging its know-how in such areas as backup power supplies and disaster prevention information systems. We will enhance a variety of product lineups and work to further strengthen our solutions proposals based on the key words of the safety and security, and environment and energy saving.