The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has pointed out the fact that human activity has contributed to global warming since the start of industrialization. The IPCC has also stated that, with the current rate of industrial advancement, global warming has been intensifying even further. In response to this, Japan has set its sights on achieving a 46% reducing in CO2 by 2030, and reaching net-zero emissions by 2050. In addition to CO2, it is also important to substantially reduce CH4 and N20 (two gases that have even higher global warming potential than CO2). For many years, Ushio has maintained advanced light and electrical discharge technologies, electricity power source technologies, and process technologies. We are currently moving forward with technological examinations regard- ing the application of these technologies in the fields of renewable energy and greenhouse gas (GHG) countermeasures. One such examination involves leveraging electric discharge technologies to promote GHG decomposition and separation technologies and leveraging such technologies to drive contributions to the wide- spread adoption of renewable energy, which provides the power source for such technologies. GHG decomposition and separation technologies refers to the clarification and establishment of technologies for chemical processes such as decomposing and desorbing GHG using electric discharge and light technologies.
Contributing to the widespread adoption of renewable energy involves the development of technologies that support photovoltaic devices and the development of energy storages systems. These technologies and systems are expected to be introduced in the industrial sector, for example, in the materials industry.
Additionally, we are examining the application of our technologies in storage batteries to curtail the use of fossil fuels and in efforts to isolate GHG in the atmosphere. In these ways, we are moving for- ward with activities to promote co-creation and discover new appli- cations for our technologies, thereby expanding the fields in which we are active.