Through the popularization of AI and smart mobility, DX has the potential to provide more comfortable lifestyles to all types of people in society. To realize DX, technological innovation such as the wide- spread adoption of high-performance semiconductors and automated driving is essential. At Ushio, we adopt a backcasting approach that considers what kind of technologies will be needed to address these social issues and when. Based on this approach, we are promoting future-oriented technological development in the Industrial Process domain, particularly in the following three focus areas:
Thermal processing is an essential part of various processes involved in the manufacture of semiconductors. Following the downsizing of semiconductors, functional progress is being made in terms of electric furnaces, which require diverse heat control features; rapid temperature control, which is not possible to realize using hot plates; heating only a few nanometers of surface; and localized device heating. At the same time, photoheating is garnering attention as a promising technology in the semiconductor manufacturing process, as greater energy efficiency will be required in the future in order to reduce CO2 emissions.
With a focus on our future road map for semiconductors, we aim to resolve various issues in the semiconductor manufacturing pro- cess through photoheating technologies.
Higher computer performance has become necessary due to the tremendous increase in data volume following the popularization of IoT and 5G. However, at the moment, the downsizing of semicon- ductors is reaching close to its limit, and it is now necessary to enhance overall semiconductor module performance through the integration of multiple semiconductor chips into a single circuit board and through chiplet and 3D laminating technologies. Forging con- nections between chips has become an issue as this requires the formation of several μm of microwires, and there is only so much that can be done with conventional wire-forming processes.
To respond to this issue, we aim to not simply enhance the perfor- mance of our lithography equipment but rather establish a process for actually forming the necessary microwires. Guided by this aim, we are working to enhance overall semiconductor module perfor- mance in collaboration with components and material manufacturers.
The electrification of automobiles is advancing with a view to realizing a carbon-neutral society. The key to popularizing electric vehicles (EV) is increasing the capacity of batteries and lowering their cost. Currently, lithium ion rechargeable batteries are the most common battery used in EVs. However, the future is moving toward the installation of innovative rechargeable batteries with high capacity and light weight, such as solid-state batteries.
Meanwhile, differing interface states between materials have a signifi- cant impact on the performance and quality of these rechargeable batteries, and there is therefore a need to form interface states that are suitable for such batteries. Ushio’s photo-cleaning and modification technologies have shown significant promise in answering this need.
With our in-depth knowledge of optical processing, we aim to provide solutions that encompass the battery manufacturing process in order to help prevent global warming going forward.