   Trying steadfastly in persistent pursuit of innovations
   KANADEN REPORT
2020

      Kanaden continues to take on challenges and pursue innovation as an
electronics solutions company.
Kanaden’s Business Model and8strengths Offer products,
Offers optimal solutions
Make requests and report problems
CONTENTS
Trajectory of Growth 3
Value Creation 5
Message from the President 7
Feature 1 : Contributing to SDGs
Through Our Business 13
Activities
Feature 2 : Creating a Framework to Strengthen Kanaden’s 15
Technological Capabilities Overview by Segment 17
Factory Automation Systems 19
Building Facilities 21
Infrastructure 23
H : Human Resources 41 Financial Information 43 Corporate Profile 47
      Manufacturers Trading companies
Engineering companies
Construction companies
technologies and services
Makes inquiries and place orders
Customers
● Manufacturers
● Constructors
● Distributors
● Railway operators
Others
Favored with Good Customers
Our biggest strength lies in our valued customers. To that end, we maintain a positive cycle where trust creates new business.
Four Business Segments
The four segments supporting the backbone of a company whose core businesses use electronics technologies.
Group Philosophy
A group philosophy that has become a “living message” serves as a guidepost for every employee and reinforces relationships of trust.
Best Partner
Electronics Solutions Company
Coordinator for Customers
       The Presence of Partner Companies
Borrowing from the wisdom of partner companies to cultivate win-win relationships.
Ability to Coordinate Technologies
Kanaden’s job is to combine myriad technologies from around the world to solve customer issues.
A History Spanning More Than a Century
More than a century working together with customers without limit, supported by the ability to respond flexibly during times of emergency.
Human Resources
A workforce of people with excellent human qualities who can listen carefully and convey information accurately make up the face of Kanaden.
Sound Management
We overcome global economic crises through sound management that combines consistency with growth potential.
Information & Communications Equipment
   25 Corporate Governance 27 Compliance / Risk Management 33 Kanaden’s Important Themes/ESH 35 E : Environment 36 S : Society 39
               12

                                                  Trajectory of Growth
Moving to the Next Stage in the Spirit of “Challenge & Innovation”
 1907
Kanagawa Electric Limited founded
1911
1980
Kanagawa Branch Office opened (within Head Office)
1989 2007
Listed on First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange Centenary
1990 Company name changed 2008
2019
Head Office relocated to Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
      Kanaden’s birthplace
 Osaka Branch Office opened (now Kansai District Office)
1917
Moji Branch Office opened (now Kyushu Branch Office)
1970
 Listed on Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange Nagoya Field Office opened (now Chubu Branch Office)
“Kanaden” registered as a trademark
Kanaden Group Philosophy established Brand logo established
 1929
Sendai Field Office opened (now Tohoku Branch Office)
1963
1984
Kita-Kanto Branch Office opened
 1951
Distribution contract concluded between Yokogawa Electric Works, Ltd. (now Yokogawa Electric Corporation) and the Osaka Branch Office (now Kansai District Office)
1971
Agent contract concluded with Japan Aviation Electronics Industry, Limited
 1922
Began sales of Mitsubishi Electric Fan products
1933
Mitsubishi Motor, which became our mainstay product
1942
Factory opened to meet military demand
1964
Tokyo Olympics
1970
Osaka World Expo
1973
First Oil Shock
1979
Second Oil Shock
    1991
Subsidiaries established in Hong Kong and Singapore
1992
Bursting of the bubble
1998
Nagano Winter Olympics
2002
Bursting of the dot-com bubble
2008
2002
Chinese (Shanghai) subsidiary established
2013
Thai subsidiary established
2011
Branch office opened in Tianjin, China, by Chinese (Shanghai) subsidiary
2010
Branch office opened in Shenzhen, China, by Chinese (Shanghai) subsidiary
2019
Vietnamese subsidiary established
2020
Second Thai subsidiary established
2020
Global spread of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19)
Lehman Brothers bankruptcy
   1900 1963 1970 1975 1980 1985 Industrialization Era
1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 Advanced Information Society Era
     Post-War Recovery
As the lives of Japanese people become more stable during the post-war recovery, consumers in Japan began to purchase refrigerators, washing machines, fans, radios and other products one after the other. To meet the needs of the times, the Company sold household appliances in addition to electrical equipment.
Amid the rapid development of the Japanese economy, the manufacturing industry expanded quickly. Also, the driving force of the Japanese economy shifted from primary industries to secondary industries. As the Company moved away from the household appliance business and ended its manufacturing operations, it shifted its focus to trading company functions and, as a technology trading company that supports key industries in Japan, entered various fields according to customer needs.
With the development of the Japanese economy and increasing abundance of goods, people’s interests and preferences became more diverse. As a result, manufacturing in Japan is changing from the era of mass production to one with high-mix, small-lot production. Demand for energy savings, etc. is increasing together with advances in IT technology, and the Company has also promoted initiatives for environmental products.
Various types of information are being converted into data as AI and IoT are evolving, and we are entering an era in which the data can be used for analysis and control through network connections. Amid the demands for more advanced and precise work, the Company is further enhancing its technological capabilities while developing businesses that can contribute to improving the customer’s corporate value.
High-Speed Growth Era
34
Era of Mature Industry
Fourth Industrial Revolution
      Changes in the Company Changes in the Business and Overseas Expansion
How Social Trends Have Affected the Company

       Value Creation
 Kanaden’s Value Creation
Kanaden will grow with customers and contribute to society as an electronics solutions company.
      Management Resources Which Support Value
Kanaden’s Business Activities and Strengths
Contributions Through Business
Value Produced by Kanaden
⃝ Increased manufacturing quality and efficiency
⃝ Creation of safe, secure, and convenient living environment and social infrastructure
   Building Facilities
● Facilities Equipment ● Air Conditioning and
Refrigerating Equipment ● FA ● Industrial Systems
Infrastructure
● Transportation ● Social Systems
    Society/ relationship capital
● Firm relationship of trust with customers
● Collaboration with partners
 Factory Automation Systems
 ● Industrial Mechatronics
● Semiconductors and Devices ● Telecommunications
Mission
Creating added-value products and services for the sound development of society and industry
P9
Solve customer issues
Vision
The partner of preferred choice knows its customers best
P9
   Technological capabilities
P15
Ability to coordinate technologies
Generate social value
          ● Preferred by Customers and a Contributor to Society
● Follow a Sincere and Ethical Path
● Challenge and Innovation
EnvironmentalE impact mitigation
Environment
⃝
Increased QOL (quality of life) through enhanced medical treatment and healthcare
Environmental impact mitigation
   ESG management
P39
Numerical management targets for FY2020
      P36
Social responsibility
Increasing transparency P27
   Society
Governance
145.0
5.3 billion yen
Three-year medium-term management plan (FY2018-FY2020)
Achieve “CI-J-3” (Challenge & Innovation-Joint)
8.0
% or more
S
G
Information & Communications Equipment
   Intellectual capital
● Ability to discover customer issues and needs
● Solutions proposal capabilities
Source of value creation
Value
P9
Values/Code of Conduct
 Human resources capabilities
P41
 Human capital
● Diverse personnel filled with creativity and sense of balance
 Financial capital
● Sound and stable financial base
● Net sales
● Ordinary profit ● ROE
billion yen
⃝
             56

 Message from the President
Nobuyuki Motohashi
President
As an electronics solutions company, we will promote
organizational reforms and awareness changes.
The three-year medium-term management plan “CI-J-3 (Challenge & Innovation-Joint),” which began in April 2018, will lead to the future of the Kanaden Group by further deepening our relationships with customers and partner companies under the theme of “Joint” and shifting our focus to growth strategies.
Strengths of the Kanaden Group
Numerous excellent customers and partner companies, and a corporate culture that has been passed down for 113 years
Under these circumstances, we have to rethink what the strengths of the Group are. While there is no doubt that we have many honest and dedicated employees, it is not a unique strength that only our Group can be proud of. Well, what are the unique strengths of the Group? They are, of course, the benefits from having a large number of excellent customers and partner companies, and the relationships of trust that we have built up together. These types of relationships do not happen overnight. Honesty, communication skills, and human qualities form the foundation that has been passed down from generation to generation, and I think it has developed as our corporate culture.
In addition, the fact that our business has continued over such a long period of 113 years, even during the Great Depression and the Pacific War, is because our predecessors continued to evolve and adapt to the changes of the times. I am strongly reminded of the fact that we are here today as an extension of that solid foundation.
Steadily stepping up as a true electronics technology trading company under the theme of “Joint”
The Kanaden Group is engaged in the three-year medium- term management plan “CI-J-3” (FY2018-FY2020) based on practicing the Group Philosophy. In order to become a company that can continue to grow for the next 100 years and step up as a true electronics technology trading company under the theme of “Joint,” we have positioned the three years as the “Joint” to the future.
While FY2019 was a year of major reforms, including consolidating and relocating the Head Office, which had been separated into several locations, and strengthening the management base by reforming personnel systems, it is a great pleasure to see that the awareness of each and every employee has visibly improved through this medium-term management plan.
However, while I feel there has been a steady response to the basic policies and strategies in the medium-term management plan, the lack of speed and of originality and ingenuity in implementation with respect to the numerical management targets have been highlighted as issues.
   Introduction
We extend our deepest sympathies to all those affected by the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19).
We would also like to convey our heartfelt gratitude and respect to medical professionals and all those who are making every effort to prevent the further spread of this disease.
Awareness of the environment surrounding the Kanaden Group
Declining birthrate, aging population, shrinking workforce, further technological innovations and many other issues
In Japan, the declining birthrate, aging population and shrinking workforce are serious problems. The Group has operated its overseas business in China and Southeast Asia, and even emerging countries excluding some countries are also facing these types of problems. Added to these problems is COVID-19. How should the Group cope with these situations? Now
that the limitations of a business model that relies solely on people has been revealed, although we are facing many challenges due to the unique characteristics of trading companies, we must consider a number of issues, such as further technological innovations including automation, development of information and communications technology (ICT) and labor-saving measures.
For example, although teleworking had been postponed for one reason or another up until now, it was widely adopted at a tremendous speed, albeit somewhat forced by the spread of COVID-19. How should we promote and establish this new working style as a formalized system in the “with-COVID-19” and “post- COVID-19” periods? Furthermore, if our working style changes, it is natural that our business style, including business meetings with customers, also changes. Fortunately for the Group, by relocating our Head Office in August 2019, the use of ICT with smartphones and mobile devices has improved dramatically over the past and we were able to respond relatively smoothly. In the future, we will consider introducing full-fledged digital marketing methods and will build our organization.
  78
Progress of the three-year medium-term management plan “CI-J-3 (Challenge & Innovation-Joint)”

Message from the President
■ Basic strategy discussion [1]: Expand business areas
In order to expand business areas, we strengthened cooperation between different divisions. Until now, the business of five divisions (Factory Automation Division, Facilities Operation Division, Transportation Division, Semiconductor & Device Division and System Integration Division) had been completed within each division and there were issues with insufficient coordination between segments. Therefore, in April 2019, we established the Solution Engineering Division, aiming to gather technical knowledge from various business fields and provide comprehensive solutions. Serving as the hub of company-wide technology, this division provides new technologies across all segments and also makes high value-added proposals based on a new mindset of thinking outside the box. We also established a subsidiary in Vietnam as a new overseas office and began sales activities. Moreover, although Kanaden has been operating the business in Thailand based on a two-company system for sales and technology, we strengthened the organizational functions through measures such as establishing a new company responsible for the management functions of procurement and product development.
Meanwhile, we continue to work diligently to implement the New Business Creation Project, which was launched to inculcate a culture of innovation throughout Kanaden and is focused on the long term instead of short-term results. I have also sensed a new wind blowing across the Company during our recent recruiting for new team members as we have received
applications from a wider range of age groups, probably due to the relocation of the Head Office and personnel system reforms.
■ Basic strategy discussion [2]: Strengthen the management base
As part of our efforts to strengthen the management base, we relocated the Head Office in August 2019 to increase information sharing and cooperation among business divisions and enhance operational efficiency by consolidating the Head Office locations that had previously been separated.
When I first became President of the Company, in order for the Company to embody its corporate slogan “Challenge & Innovation,” I listed three factors: create an open corporate culture, vitalize communication and create an environment in which employees can actively take on new challenges, and stressed the need for reform to achieve them.
In this context, I consider “reform” to be a four-step process. The first step is to change the mindset of top management and make top-down decisions on what to reform. The second step is to ensure that we have well-designed systems, such as the personnel system and relocating offices which includes preparing the infrastructure. The third step is to promote cooperation. The fourth step is to raise awareness using a bottom-up approach. Sharing awareness in both directions is the final step in the reform process. Currently, I recognize that the Company has reached the third step.
I have also said that we should be a “thinking group” that accepts new challenges without the fear
of failure. We aim to innovate by fostering a culture that tolerates failures while encouraging close communication and to develop the habit of thinking in terms of time to increase our sense of speed.
In FY2020, which is the final year of the medium- term management plan, we will continue implementing the basic strategies and aim to achieve our goals. However, due to the impact of the recent spread of COVID-19, we have no choice but to expect that we will not achieve our numerical management targets.
For our new medium-term management plan that will begin in FY2021, we will start by using the basic policies and strategies of the current medium-term management plan “CI-J-3” as the main focus and add new policies and strategies to it. As the foundation for this growth strategy is already in place, we would like to formulate a more advanced version of it.
To become a true electronics technology trading company
Transformation from simply a seller to an electronics solutions company
In order to become a true electronics technology trading company, instead of a passive business style, we need to understand the problems and needs of our customers and propose solutions to those problems. In other words, it is important to realize value-added business that is backed by technological capabilities Therefore, we aim to be an electronics solutions company by strengthening our comprehensive technological capabilities, such as the ability to
coordinate technology—in other words, the skills for arranging, matching, discovering and information gathering.
While taking advantage of the hub functions of the Solution Engineering Division, in addition to strengthening sales techniques in the business divisions, the key is to strengthen the ability to provide information and improve technical skills. In addition, it is necessary to strengthen the construction division of the related company KANADEN ENGINEERING CORPORATION. However, because we cannot determine all matters on our own regarding how to strengthen the business, we believe it is important to supplement our efforts through M&A and business collaborations
Although we are actively engaged in M&A while we closely examine various proposals, the reality is that we have not been able to conclude deals due to various factors, such as the timing not being right or being unable to come to terms with the target company. We
    The KANADEN Group Philosophy
Mission Our Mission
- The Reason for Our Being
Creating Added-Value Products and Services for the Sound
Development of Society and Industry
Our mission is to contribute to the development of a sound and dynamic society through the creation of added value grounded in the needs of our customers. Each and every employee is committed to continuously enhancing their skills and capabilities in order to realize this established mission and to deliver optimal solutions that promote the development of society and industry.
Keeping an eye on the respective perspectives of individual customers, our goal is to become a company that knows its customers best. As a trading company that possesses truly unique electronics technologies, we endeavor to provide our customers with every possible benefit, as the best choice and as an essential partner, in order to contribute to the development of a sustainable society.
Value
Our Values - Fundamental Principles of Corporate Value and Our Company Code of Conduct
- What We Value the Most
Follow a Sincere and Ethical Path
Open and Fair Management
We fulfill the expectations and garner the trust of all stakeholders through sound and sincere business practices grounded in high ethical standards.
Environmental Management
We protect and work in harmonious coexistence with the global environment and contribute to the development of a sustainable society in every aspect of our business activities.
Open and Dynamic Corporate Culture
We respect the individual
rights of every employee, and
work together to create a vital
and rewarding workplace. We
establish a supportive structure that enables employees to realize their dreams by achieving the highest objectives and ambitions.
Challenge and Innovation
Diversified Human Resource Training
We proactively strive to
develop diversified human
resources with a well-balanced
and creative skill set through
consistent efforts at enhancing employees’ specialized expertise, capabilities to make sound judgment and problem solving skills.
Growth of Individuals/Organizations
We endeavor to enhance our
corporate vitality by
maintaining a bold stance
toward new challenges and
pursuing innovation with a courageous spirit for the development of individual and organizational growth.
Quality Assurance
We strictly adhere to the practice of planning, implementation, review and improvement by assessing the true nature of issues and responding quickly to environmental changes for the further development of our business activities.
            Our Vision
Preferred by Customers and a Contributor to Society
Sound Management
We aim for sound growth that combines reliability with consistency.
Technology Trading Company
We aim to become a trading company with electronics technology that remains true to our mission, so that we are able to respond to every kind of need and expectation.
Enhancing Customer’s Corporate Value
We enhance each customer’s corporate value by providing solutions that best resolve their most basic issues and problems. In earning the confidence of all stakeholders, we work toward healthy growth and profitable development.
Vision - The Goal to which We Aspire
The Partner of Preferred Choice Knows its Customers Best
    9 10

Message from the President
also aware that measures are necessary to find suitable targets, and the number of opportunities has been increasing due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. On the other hand, we believe that the current situation also presents an opportunity, and we will work steadily to conclude appropriate deals.
Initiatives for sustainable growth
Clarifying the theme of SDGs, and enacting a policy for initiatives Promoting business from the perspective of SDGs toward solving social issues
In recent years, the role of companies in addressing environmental and social issues has become increasingly important, and the Group has begun working on SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals). Based on the Mission, Vision and Value set in the Kanaden Group Philosophy, we have enacted a policy toward initiatives for SDGs as an electronics technology trading company.
We view SDGs not only as opportunities to contribute to society and the environment, but also as opportunities leading to the future of our business. By developing our business as a business contributing to solving social issues, it has the potential to expand into business areas that we have not yet entered, to develop new businesses and to create markets for new businesses. In particular, we believe that the energy field is a business area in which we should accelerate
our efforts, and we are working to achieve this.
In terms of initiatives, the Board of Executive Officers
discusses the SDGs related to the business under the control of each Executive Officer, and strives to spread awareness through training and workshops. The entire Group will always keep the SDGs in mind as we carry out our work. This is the type of system we will create.
In corporate governance, our policy is to be open in all matters of the Board of Directors whenever possible in order to enhance management transparency. We recognize that what is common sense in Kanaden may not be common sense around the world. Conversely, what is not common sense in Kanaden could be common sense throughout the world. Exposure to the outside world provides a very important point of view, and we are often reminded various matters since our highest priority is to respect the candid opinions of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members on various topics. We try to run the Board of Directors meetings in a way that creates a feeling of tension in a positive sense by invigorating discussions.
Scenarios for growth and future issues
Evolution of business collaboration and responding to digital transformation
The basic strategies of the medium-term management plan continue to be a central part of the Group’s growth scenarios.
The Business Management Office that was newly established in April 2020 has produced cases of matching that connects one business to another by facilitating horizontal cooperation with branches and offices in the divisions, and expectations are rising.
As a trading company first and foremost, we cannot expect to grow without investing in our intangible assets: software, human resources and the organization.
Even amid such circumstances, it is essential that we promote digital transformation to improve productivity and differentiate the Company from our competitors. It would not be exaggerating to say that these are the core engines driving our growth scenarios. In other words, the key is how much corporate value will be added to the Company by adapting to change and promoting the “Kanaden Digital Transformation.”
It is also vital to identify “blue oceans” that are tied to SDGs. After clarifying the corporate target image that the Group aspires to become over spans of 30 and 50 years, we aim to make further progress toward becoming an electronics solutions company.
Message to stakeholders
I always want to send a message to our stakeholders asking them to watch us. Although it may sound irreverent, I feel encouraged by the fact that we always have to keep in mind that we are seen by our stakeholders. We will do our utmost to meet the expectations of our stakeholders, and I hope that you will continue to pay close attention to the Group.
In addition, with regard to our response to COVID-19, we plan to overcome this difficult situation while looking ahead to the “with-COVID-19” and “post-COVID-19” periods.
Lastly, we ask our stakeholders for their continued support in all our endeavors.
    Identifying social and environmental issues will lead to the creation of new markets.
  The theme of three-year medium-term management plan “CI-J-3 (Challenge & Innovation-Joint)”
Basic Policy
Basic Strategy
1. Practice the Group’s vision - The Partner of Preferred Choice Knows its Customers Best
Seek to be an electronics technology trading company in its truest sense, which is capable of providing customers with comprehensive advantages.
2. Implement strategies with a focus on growth while allocating the necessary management resources proactively.
3. Expand value-added businesses and seek to improve profitability.
Strategies by Segment
Factory Automation Systems
Building Facilities
Infrastructure
Information & Communications Equipment
Step up efforts to win orders for products and systems such as robots and sensors amid expanding demand for automation in Japan and abroad, and strengthen technological capabilities in collaboration with partner companies. Promote alliances with partner companies to improve responsiveness to deal with systems overseas.
Promote building management systems more aggressively. In doing so, step up efforts to make proposals on ZEB (Net Zero Energy Buildings) and offer total solutions including construction and maintenance services. Promote the refrigeration and air conditioning businesses overseas.
Expand the area of business proposed to customers in the traffic and public sectors and enhance product lines based on the key words of the environment and energy, and safety and security.
Participate in the automotive sector and enhance the line-up of both Japanese and overseas products. Strengthen proposal- making capabilities for global customers. Expand the scope of proposals from monitoring to image processing applications in the visual systems business. Strengthen alliances with the Group companies and partner companies for the enhancement of construction capabilities.
  [1] Expand business areas
i. Broaden and deepen connections with every customer
Provide optimal solutions by strengthening system configuration capabilities and technological capabilities in construction projects. Increase the spectrum of proposals by strengthening alliances between the Company’s businesses and the Group companies and collaboration with partner companies.
ii. Expand business areas
Expand into regions that have room for growth in both Japan and abroad, strengthen the overseas business bases and develop human resources.
iii. Step up efforts in fields that are expected to grow going forward Work actively to expand into the environment/energy field, the robot/ automation field and fields that handle IoT/AI, and strengthen our technological capabilities for dealing with these fields, respectively.
[2] Strengthen the management base
[3] Fair management and social contributions
We will strengthen our corporate governance and will implement extremely sound, transparent management. All personnel will engage in sound business activities sincerely with a keen sense of ethics and compliance. We will also work on the development of communities, the promotion of social welfare and the conservation of the global environment, thereby contributing to the creation of a stable society.
 11
12
i. ii.
iii.
Development and training of human resources
Implement proactive recruitment and training as well as the reform of personnel systems. Implementation of strategic investment policies Promote alliances with partner companies to strengthen technological capabilities and conduct M&A to expand into new business fields. Improvement of operations through the establishment of better infrastructure Improve operations to promote workstyle reforms and upgrade IT systems continuously.

   Feature
 Feature 1 Promoting the SDGs
Contributing to SDGs Through Our
Business Activities
“Fair management and social contributions” is a basic strategy designated in the CI-J-3 “Challenge & Innovation-Joint” medium-term management plan. In addition to promoting the medium-term management plan, we aim to make further contributions to resolving social issues through our business activities, and we have announced initiatives for SDGs.
Beginning with study meetings aimed at management and other employees to explain and promote the SDGs, we have implemented company-wide activities such as seeking ideas from each division to develop the business with a focus on the SDGs, and have made changes to the direction of the business going forward.
Creation of sustainable society
Construct a safe, secure, and comfortable sustainable social/industrial foundation
Theme 2
   Social Issue
Improvements in energy efficiency Promotion of renewable energy use Creation of safe and secure urban environments
SDGs to Which It Contributes
     ■
■
■
■
■
Provide equipment related to energy conservation, energy storage, energy production, and controls, etc. and total solutions for construction, maintenance and service.
Contribute to the spread of highly efficient, low environmental impact energy usage by providing equipment and systems to customers who supply and implement renewable energy.
Promote ZEB (Net Zero Energy Buildings) proposals and maintain balance between a more comfortable environment and limiting energy consumption.
Contribute to the stable operation of public transportation and the evolution towards more convenient and safer infrastructure for all people.
Contribute to the strengthening of societal and industrial foundations by providing monitoring, disaster prevention, and disaster mitigation solutions in cases of climate-related disasters and natural disasters.
Target area
 Company-wide themes for the SDG selection process
         STEP.1
Explaining and promoting SDGs to management and other employees
Recognize afresh the significance of the SDGs and of our own mission, vision and values, and seek to raise awareness of social issues.
Devise initiatives for each division to address SDG targets. Create new business ideas.
Draw together the action plans for each division, and set themes to enable sustainable growth for the business and society.
Improvement of QOL
STEP.2
Investigating action plans for each division
STEP.3
Selecting important themes
Building Facilities
Transportation
Public Infrastructure
etc.
  Theme 3
 Provide solutions utilizing digital technologies in the medical treatment and healthcare fields
 Pursuit of customer satisfaction
Improve corporate value of customers and develop industry by providing high value-added solutions
Theme 1
Social Issue
Enhancements to healthcare / welfare Reduction of disparities in healthcare
Aim to increase the rate of penetration of advanced medical devices, including radiotherapy systems.
Aim to enhance medical treatment and healthcare by providing remote medical and monitoring solutions which utilize new technologies such as sensors, AI, and 5G.
Promoting the SDGs
SDGs to Which It Contributes
      Social Issue
Labor shortages/improvements in productivity
Safe workplace environment
■ Provide solutions which lead to improved quality, efficiency, and value-added of customer’s products and services.
■ Further brush up on accumulated manufacturing facility knowledge in order to contribute to solving customer problems and evolution of manufacturing.
■ Mitigate risks of human error and accidents through automation and the utilization of new technologies such as IoT/AI. Support the creation of workplaces that are both safe and provide employees a sense of pride in their work.
■ In addition to the manufacturing field, which is one of our current business areas, expand to provide solutions for automation and productivity improvement in the distribution/services fields, where labor shortages are growing more severe.
SDGs to Which It Contributes
    ■ ■
Target area
etc.
    Target area
Distribution
Healthcare
Nursing Care
    Manufacturers
Services
Further enhancements to our technological capabilities, proposal capabilities, and ability to provide information are essential for our efforts to promote the SDGs under these three themes. In April 2020 a Business Management Office was set up within the Company with the aim of creating total solutions through strengthening cooperation between different divisions, and of discovering new businesses, and this Office is carrying out a variety of reforms.
etc.
  Some of the initiatives aimed at strengthening proposal capabilities for total solutions are discussed on the next page.
 13
14

   Feature
Feature 2 Making our technological capabilities work for society
Creating a Framework to Strengthen Kanaden’s Technological Capabilities
  1. Reorganization of engineering divisions
As part of the expansion of our business segments, we reorganized the engineering divisions that previously existed within business divisions to form a Solution Engineering Division that cooperates with all divisions. The Solution Engineering Division cuts across segments to resolve problems faced by customers, such as by strengthening proactive initiatives for robots, automation, IoT and AI, and by developing the solutions business in response to customer needs. The Division has hub functions that straddle different divisions, relating to discovering new materials, primarily on the engineering side, and to acquiring an accurate understanding of customer needs.
3. Promoting technical education
In order to nurture human resources capable of proposing total solutions that resolve the issues faced by customers, we opened a “Solutions School” in FY2019.
In growth fields such as robots, automation, IoT and AI, we seek to strengthen our solutions proposal capabilities through a combination of seminar-based training for students selected by the sales divisions nationwide and on-the-job training (OJT). In group seminars held a total of eight times over two years, we teach know-how that is useful in practical situations, such as explaining the solutions catalog and role-playing proposals. With regard to OJT, the Solution Engineering Division supports improvements to solutions proposal capabilities through the use of specific projects, such as by taking students along with them when visiting customers.
Kanaden will provide total solutions as a technology trading company, further strengthening its technological capabilities across all business divisions, the head office and branch offices.
Before
Each business division provides solutions in specialized areas
After
Solution Engineering Division draws together cutting-edge technology
Solution Engineering Division
Feedback from the Solutions School
•It is important to be able to introduce products and give technical explanations, but I also felt the importance of being able to gain a comprehensive understanding of the project and to steer it towards a solution.
•The methods used to move through a business meeting by leveraging the strengths of both sales and technical approaches were great. Going forward, I would like to know more about the different points to aim for when appealing to different industries.
       Sales
Engineering coordinator
•The participatory role-playing enables you to improve your skills, and was very educational.
•Through the role-playing I learned which points to use to appeal to the customer when proposing a solution, which was instructive. In the future, it would be good if I could to use my sales knowledge and front-line experience in my own division to provide feedback to students.
•It would be good if this could become a venue for students to discuss their problems and work together to find ways to resolve them.
    Factory Automation Systems
Building Facilities
Infrastructure
Information & Communications Equipment
Company Factory A Automation
Systems
Company Building B Facilities
Company Infrastructure C
Company A
Company B
Company C
Company D
           Information & D Communications Equipment
Company
      2. Dealing with new needs
4. Providing information internally and externally
With the decline in Japan’s working population, rising levels of environmental awareness, and workstyle reforms, the use of IoT to improve efficiency and productivity is becoming essential in all kinds of industries. We recognize the circumstances of both industries and customers, and propose total solutions that provide the optimal combination of technologies. This division will also make high value-added proposals to overall society based on a new mindset of thinking outside the box, such as by utilizing technologies used in one industry in another industry.
By providing information on new technology, solutions, and products through publications like “Solutions Catalog,” “Kanasoru,” and “Kanasoru Lite,” we offer new insights and value, and contribute to solving the problems faced by customers.
Concept of technology combination
Concept of deployment in other industries
“Solutions Catalog”
Focusing on the theme of smart factories, the first half of this two-part publication uses a comic book format to focus on the struggles of a Kanaden salesman to solve manufacturing problems, while the second half uses illustrations to introduce and
“Kanasoru” & “Kanasoru Lite”
“Kanasoru” is a monthly publication for technical news. It raises and discusses solutions that can be used over a broad range of industries. As a special publication for technical news issued twice a month “Kanasoru Lite” provides timely and relevant information to employees.
“Kanasoru”
【Dispersedtechnologies】
A
【Combiningtechnologies】 【Solvingcustomers’problems】
A
【Optimizetechnologiesanddeployinotherindustries】
   15
16
BB C
Existing users
Infrastructure
Offices
Hospitals
D
C D
Factories
A
explain case studies. It covers a wide variety of solutions, such as utilizing robots and AI for automation and efficiency improvements, the use of sensors for preventative maintenance of facilities, and strengthening security by employing AI for image recognition.
    Stores
“Solutions Catalog”

Overview by Segment
Overview by Segment
    Factory Automation Systems
●FA
● Industrial Systems
● Industrial Mechatronics
       Building Facilities
● Facilities Equipment ● Air Conditioning and
Refrigerating Equipment
       Infrastructure
● Transportation ● Social Systems
            Information & Communications Equipment
● Semiconductors and Devices ● Telecommunications
   Factory Automation Systems Business provides Factory Automation equipment, beginning with automation systems that contribute to improved quality and efficiency on manufacturing lines, as well as mechatronics products such as electrical-discharge and laser processing machines for micromachining applications, electrical facilities for factory plant and instrumentation. By offering solutions for factory automation, monitoring and control of production facilities and so on, we work to be able to contribute to the evolution of manufacturing at our customers.
Building Facilities Business provides uninterruptible power supplies, elevators and escalators, photovoltaic power generation systems, as well as energy-efficient LED lighting, air conditioning, residential facilities equipment, low-temperature equipment and energy management systems. We work to create systems that make business more efficient by controlling facilities for the entire building, and are also involved in ZEB solutions.
The Infrastructure Business provides electric products for rolling stock and other vehicles, substation equipment for receiving electric power, and telecommunication equipment to railway operators, in addition to products that contribute to the development of social infrastructure, such as traffic safety systems, air-traffic control systems, local disaster- damage prevention systems, photovoltaic power generation systems and lithium-ion batteries. We work to build systems for society that support safe, secure and convenient living.
In addition to video solution systems for various applications, telecommunications equipment for security systems, and electronic medical care systems for the healthcare field, we handle semiconductors and electronic devices, with a focus on the microcomputers that are an indispensable part of vehicles, industrial equipment and telecommunications equipment. We are involved in building systems for utilize image and video, where the number of applications is growing rapidly, as well as a business that supplies modules to work with applications for products manufactured by customers.
Sales
Ordinary profit Composition of sales
¥45,039 million ¥2,261 million
Sales
Ordinary profit Composition of sales
¥19,726 million ¥353 million
Facilities Equipment 9.9% (¥12,476 million)
Sales
Ordinary profit Composition of sales
¥37,080 million ¥562 million
Sales
Ordinary profit Composition of sales
¥24,673 million ¥456 million
        FA 24.6%
(¥31,127 million)
Industrial Systems
7.5% (¥9,434 million)
Transportation 22.3%
(¥28,205 million)
Semiconductors and Devices
11.8% (¥14,951 million)
Telecommunications
7.7%
(¥9,721 million)
      35.6%
(¥45,039 million)
Industrial Mechatronics 3.5% (¥4,477 million)
15.6%
(¥19,726 million)
Air-Conditioning and Refrigerating Equipment
5.7% (¥7,249 million)
29.3%
(¥37,080 million)
19.5%
(¥24,673 million)
  Social Systems 7.0%
(¥8,875 million)
    17
18

Overview by Segment
    S a l e s
42,293
2015
(Million yen)
45,039
2019 (FY)
Ordinary profit
(Million yen)
2,261
2019 (FY)
           Factory Automation Systems
43,903
2016
45,820
2017
48,841
2018
2,288
2015
2,223
2016
2,492
2017
2,791
2018
      ■FA
FA Control Components
We offer sequencers, inverters, AC servos, robots and other control systems and drive systems essential to factory automation. In response to needs from manufacturers for automation and rationalization, we engage in comprehensive coordination services including the systematization and introduction of equipment.
FA Sensors
We provide sensing equipment that detects and measures different changes that occur in manufacturing processes and offer engineering support for data linkage with control systems.
Power Distribution Control Components
We offer a broad lineup of power distribution control equipment for ensuring the safety of electrical facilities, such as breakers, magnets, measuring instruments and transformers, and measuring devices that make wattage recognizable.
■Industrial Systems System Solutions
We combine industrial measuring instrument such as pressure sensors and flow rate sensors, and wireless sensors equipped with both sensor and telecommunication functions to build wireless process control systems that visualize manufacturing processes, thereby offering solutions for the monitoring and control of manufacturing practices in the food and chemical sectors. We are also ready for the development of package software for power monitoring and other systems matched with customers’ requests.
Measurement Solutions
High levels of quality and safety are required from manufacturing of electric appliance products. We provide fundamental measuring instruments for gauging wattages and waveforms concerning products as well as environmental testing systems that analyze the impact of temperature, vibrations and other environmental factors on the product for support in product inspection and quality management.
■Industrial Mechatronics
For responding to the needs of manufacturers for greater precision and speed, we offer electrical discharge machines for the high precision fine machining of metal molds and laser processing machines for high speed sheet metal working.
Sequencer
AC Servo
MELSENSOR
MDU Breaker
Electronic Multi-Indicator
 Case Studies
IC card reader system for making purchases from ice-making
machine at Nagasaki Prefecture Matsuura fishing port MAYEKAWA MFG. CO., LTD.
Kanaden collaborated with MAYEKAWA MFG. CO., LTD. to submit a proposal for, and subsequently install, an IC card reader system for making purchases from ice-making machine at the Japan Deep-Sea Fisheries Cooperative Association’s Matsuura No.1 Factory, which is adjacent to Nagasaki Prefecture Matsuura fishing port.
With the opening of this new factory, it became necessary to add a system for recording the purchase history of the ice-making machine, and to update the associated network environment.
MAYEKAWA MFG. CO., LTD. has advanced technology for the manufacture of ice-
making machines, and is the top supplier of industrial refrigeration equipment in Japan, as
well as having one of the highest market shares globally for maritime refrigeration
equipment. In recent years, enhanced user convenience and future-proof expandability have become issues when constructing systems for ice-making machines. In response to these needs, Kanaden’s Solution Engineering Division teamed up with group company TECHNO-CREATE CORPORATION. We submitted a proposal for a system with a specification customized for the requirements of the factory, and were selected to supply it. In addition to making the system easier to use, the adoption of “Mifare” contactless IC cards enabled the use of historical data generated by new purchases to create a ledger, as well as helping the owners to analyze trends.
     Inverter
    Transformer
 Wireless Sensor (Sushi Sensor)
Total Production Control System
  Case Studies
Automated folding container warehouse and integrated AGV system Naris Cosmetics Co., LTD.
Due to an increase in production capacity driven by the growth in the cosmetics market, Naris Cosmetics Co., LTD. took the decision to construct a new factory. However, because high-mix, low-volume production is a feature of the cosmetics supply chain, the issue is how efficiently production volume can be maximized in a limited space. In addition, because this was the first attempt by Naris Cosmetics Co., LTD. to deploy Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV), it requested an easily customized solution that would still allow the initial investment to be kept down.
Kanaden submitted a proposal for a system using Toyota Industries Corporation’s Rack Sorter B unit-type automated warehouse product, combined with low-cost AGVs. Not only did this system achieve energy savings
and improve efficiency, but it also resulted in a significant improvement in the capacity of the production line compared to the previous manufacturing process.
Moreover, whereas inventory management for work in process had previously been restricted to the level of individual pallets, the use of QR codes enabled warehouse management at the individual product level, contributing to further improvements in productivity and quality.
   Direct Current Power Supply
  19
20
Electrical Discharge Machine
Laser Processing Machine

 Overview by Segment
     Hands-Free Authentication Device
Air Conditioning Management System Central Controller
Extra-High Voltage System
Uninterrupted Power Supply (UPS)
Low-Temperature Equipment
S a l e s
16,390
2015
19,815 17,476
2016 2017
(Million yen)
19,726
2019 (FY)
Ordinary profit
422
2015 2016
467
(Million yen)
353 246
          Building Facilities
■Facilities Equipment Building Management Systems
Building management systems help to improve the energy efficiency of a building and reduce labor for operation and management. We propose systems that are sought by customers, such as those for the integrated management of building facilities and security, those for facility management and those for remote management based on remote inspections.
Power Supply Systems
We deal with a wide variety of equipment necessary for receiving and distribution facilities ranging from extra-high voltage facilities to low-voltage ones. We propose emergency power generators, uninterrupted power supplies (UPSs), lithium ion storage batteries and other optimal systems that protect equipment from power supply issues to support a stable power supply.
Elevators and Escalators
We offer a broad array of elevators and escalators to answer customers’ needs. Elevators have energy-efficient, high-speed safety and comfort features while escalators have excellent functions and design and feature enhanced safety.
Photovoltaic Generation Equipment
We deal with photovoltaic related products, such as high efficiency panels, power conditioners, cubicles and lithium ion storage batteries from different manufacturers to provide comprehensive proposals on photovoltaic generation systems.
LED Lighting
Lighting is responsible for around 25% of the power consumption in office buildings. We positively propose LED lighting that enhances both energy conservation and ease of maintenance.
■Air Conditioning and Refrigerating Equipment Air Conditioning Equipment
We propose air-conditioning systems that are best suited to applications, such as stores, offices, factories and warehouses. We meet customers’ needs with our extensive lineup of equipment, including multiple air conditioners incorporating the latest technologies for energy conservation, highly-efficient, large-capacity heat pump chillers and replacement air conditioners that make use of existing piping after being cleaned.
16,248
2018
340
    2017 2018
2019 (FY)
Open Showcase
Energy generation
Energy conservation
   We deal with many different models of refrigeration and cold storage equipment that supports quality control and physical distribution in the areas of food, chemicals and pharmaceuticals. We offer systems that are used close to our customers to contribute to food safety, including vacuum cooling systems that keep vegetables fresh for a long period of time and showcases for stores.
ZEB Solutions
In July 2019, Kanaden was registered as a certified ZEB Planner and began supporting the implementation of ZEB (Net Zero Energy Building) for building owners. ZEBs maintain the comfortability of a building while reducing its impact on the environment through energy conservation, and simultaneously executing BCP measures during disasters. Kanaden provides a one-stop service for everything from ZEB design proposals to energy conservation support after operation, including creating systems which use various energy conservation products, such as air conditioning, ventilation, hot water supply, lighting, elevators, and escalators. This contributes to the increase in both the buildings and the corporate value of the customer.
Refrigeration and Cooling System
Comfort
     BCP
     Elevator
Escalator
《Annual net energy use》
Energy generation ≥ Energy consumption
 Case Studies
Japan National Stadium
Kanaden supplied air-conditioning facilities from Mitsubishi Electric Corporation for the common areas of the National Stadium (toilets, kiosks, changing rooms, the concourse, electrical equipment rooms, etc.)
Due to the vast area of the National Stadium site, construction work was split between three major building services contractors. Kanaden submitted a proposal to one of the three, SANKEN SETSUBI KOGYO CO., LTD., whose area of responsibility was air-conditioning facilities, which Kanaden subsequently delivered.
SANKEN SETSUBI KOGYO CO., LTD.
(Photo courtesy of TAISEI CORPORATION)
The air-conditioning system that was adopted saves energy by using a central monitoring location, while its superior usability enables systematic operation. In addition, by managing demand for power and enabling the visualization of energy, it promotes electricity and energy savings for a reduced impact on the environment.
  Because the National Stadium, which was completed at the end of
November 2019, is an enormous structure with five floors above ground, two floors below ground, and approximately 60,000 seats for spectators (at the time of completion), the building was required to be comfortable not only for visitors to the stadium but also for its employees.
 LED Lighting
Air Conditioner for Business Use (four-direction ceiling cassette)
  21
22
Air-Cooling Heat Pump Chiller

Overview by Segment
     S a l e s
34,645
2015
(Million yen)
37,080
2019 (FY)
Ordinary profit
(Million yen)
562
2019 (FY)
 31,646 29,962 30,344
2016 2017 2018
672
522 590
         e
419
   2015 2016 2017 2018
        Infrastructur
■Transportation
Rolling Stock and Other Vehicles
Railways are the means of transportation that are the closest to us and that are environmentally friendly. We offer highly reliable electrical drive and control components as well as braking and safety devices for rolling stock. We also provide the Train Vision (in-train information display) system and air conditioning system as support for both the safety of rolling stock and its comfort.
Facilities and Information and Communication Equipment
We offer receiving substation facilities, station power distribution facilities, train radio systems and other information and communication equipment indispensable to safe train operations.
In addition, we deal with wireless microphones for railway stations, photovoltaic generation systems, small-sized wind power generators, LED lighting and more to help achieve comfort and energy conservation in railway stations.
Displaying bus departure times and seating availability information, bus signage systems help to increase customers’ convenience.
■Social Systems Safety and Reassurance
We offer LED traffic lights, LED road lighting fixture and other products that improve road safety and achieve energy conservation. LED traffic lights are energy efficient and have superior recognizability.
Providing systems that automatically record traffic accidents occurring at intersections, vehicle-mounted video recording systems and disaster prevention radio systems in preparation for disasters, we help to protect societal safety.
The Environment and Energy
The distributed power sources we offer, combining large-scale photovoltaic generation systems and large-scale electricity storage systems, are widely used. We also offer quick chargers for electric vehicles, energy-saving equipment, and other energy solutions that are helping to realize a low-carbon society.
Vehicle air conditioning
 Case Studies
LED platform lighting for Central Japan Railway Company Central Japan Railway Company
As an initiative to help prevent global warming, Central Japan Railway Company is promoting reduced energy usage through the adoption of LED lighting for facilities, in addition to reducing energy used by rolling stock and improving the energy efficiency of railway operations. The switch is being conducted in stages.
In the autumn of 2019, Kanaden delivered approximately 350 sets of LED lighting for use on the outbound platform of the Tokaido Shinkansen at Shinagawa Station, which is operated by Central Japan Railway Company. The advanced design technology and high standard of quality used for the power supply and light source parts of the
LED lighting, which is manufactured at the domestic factory of Mitsubishi Electric Lighting Corporation, was rated highly by the customer, and resulted in their adoption of the product.
This led to a reduction in electricity consumption of around 60% compared to that of the fluorescent lamps previously used. In addition to the contribution made towards mitigating the environmental impact, LED lighting has a dramatically longer service life, which will extend the period before replacements are acquired from the previous one year or so to approximately six years, leading in turn to reductions in the administrative burden and costs associated with inspection and maintenance.
      Small-Sized Wind Power Generator (East Japan Railway Company)
 Bus departure time signage
(installed at two locations in the arrival lobby on the first floor of Terminal 1 of Haneda Airport Domestic Terminal)
 Case Studies
Akitsu substation equipment update
SEIBU RAILWAY Co, Ltd. has grown its business over the years to become a public transportation that is an indispensable presence in the daily lives of its customers as they commute, travel to school, or enjoy tourist activities in the Tokyo and Saitama areas. For a railway, substations are essential for sending electricity to the rolling stock. Due to age-related deterioration it recently became necessary to update the transformer equipment at the Akitsu substation operated by SEIBU RAILWAY Co, Ltd.
Kanaden submitted a proposal for, and delivered, a 22kV dry-air compound- insulator cubicle (C-GIS), and the main switchboard, thus helping to achieve stable supplies of power for railway transportation. This contributed to the “environmental conservation” philosophy of the Seibu Railway Group, in addition to which the customer was impressed by our numerous achievements in the market for substation equipment for receiving electric power for railway operators, the teamwork shown by Kanaden and Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, which has been a partner to Kanaden for many years, in relation to the service and maintenance structure, and also by the stability of Mitsubishi Electric Corporation’s products.
SEIBU RAILWAY Co, Ltd.
   Quick Charger for Electric Vehicles
LED Road Lighting Fixture
Large-Scale Photovoltaic Generation System
  23
24

 Overview by Segment
     S a l e s
27,206 27,619 28,798 27,902
(Million yen)
24,673
2019 (FY)
Ordinary profit
(Million yen)
456
2019 (FY)
    Information & Communications Equipment
999
2015
1,132
2016
1,222
2017
1,004
2018
         ■Semiconductors and Devices Semiconductors
We offer power semiconductors that are helpful for higher efficiency and size and weight reduction for industrial machinery as well as network ICs that are essential to an ever-advancing network society. We are also working to establish a system for serving the Asian market through our Group’s overseas offices.
Electronic Devices
We propose interface connectors that are used in extensive areas, including information equipment close to us, robots and other industrial machinery, highly reliable color TFT liquid crystal panel modules with stable operations when incorporated into industrial machinery or outdoor terminals and under other harsh conditions, and mechanical relays used extensively in applications such as power supply control and safety circuits.
Wireless Solutions
We provide wireless solutions to match customer requirements, beginning with design and development of wireless modules. In addition to an abundant lineup of wireless communication network products, we provide total support up to product commercialization by leveraging the experience and technical capabilities we have accumulated over the years.
■Telecommunications Security Systems
We propose solutions incorporating AI and network cameras to address customers’ issues.
Using AI to analyze images captured by the cameras yields information that leads to operational improvement, higher customer satisfaction, and enhanced security.
Visual Systems
We submit proposals for audiovisual conferencing systems that meet customer usage scenarios and requirements, such as touch panel control and simultaneous connection to projectors. From simple setups to large- scale systems with overwhelming presence, we provide total solutions that include system building, installation, and servicing.
2015 2016 2017 2018
Imaging Solutions
 We have developed a new kind of imaging solution, which integrates AI cameras, IoT sensors, monitoring systems, and video management software. Avoiding restricting ourselves to the existing framework of security, we are submitting proposals for its use in new fields.
Electronic Medical Care Systems
Cancer is the leading cause of death in Japan. It is a national challenge to solve it. One solution to this problem is radiotherapy. We offer the LINAC cutting-edge radiotherapy systems and other medical equipment to medical institutions aiming to provide high quality medical treatment.
Radiotherapy System
     Connectors
(Photo courtesy of Japan Aviation Electronics Industry, Ltd.)
Connectors for Wired LAN
AI-based identification of seating availability
 Case Studies
LINAC system and treatment planning CT equipment Keiyu Hospital
Despite being able to boast of one of the most noted histories and traditions in the city of Yokohama, Keiyu Hospital is a general hospital with access to cutting-edge healthcare facilities (in FY2018 it had 410 beds with an average figure for daily patient admissions of 316.9). It also received numerous other designations, such as that of a regional medical care support hospital, and has been specified as a designated clinical training hospital by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. Due to the obsolescence of its radiotherapy system for
cancer treatment (LINAC system), the hospital had been considering the adoption of a new system with a focus on future clinical needs.
While providing high-quality information to the customer, Kanaden submitted a proposal for high-precision radiotherapy in the form of the TrueBeam LINAC system offered by Varian Medical Systems, Inc., combined with Siemens Healthcare K.K.’s SOMATOM Definition AS Open treatment planning CT equipment. In addition to reducing treatment times, this system can mitigate the burden of treatment felt by the patient, and thus contributes to improved Quality of Life (QOL).
    AI-based analysis of customer traffic according to time
 25
26

Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(as of October 1, 2020)
Directors
1 Nobuyuki Motohashi President (Representative Director)
2 Kazunori Shimamoto Senior Managing Director
 Apr. 1980 June 2013
June 2015 June 2016
Joined the Company
Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, Factory Automation Division, the Company
Director and Senior General Manager, Factory Automation Division, the Company President and Representative Director, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1979 June 2008 June 2009 June 2015 Apr. 2019
June 2019 Apr. 2020
Joined the Company
Executive Officer and General Manager, Accounting and Finance Office, the Company Director and General Manager, Accounting and Finance Office, the Company Managing Director and General Manager, Accounting and Finance Office, the Company Managing Director, Executive Officer, General Manager, Management Planning Office, and in charge of Administration Head Office, the Company
Senior Managing Director, Executive Officer, General Manager, Management Planning Office, and in charge of Administration Head Office, the Company
Senior Managing Director, Executive Officer, Senior General Manager, Strategy Management Office, and in charge of Business Management Office and Administration Head Office, the Company
Senior Managing Director in charge of Management Division, the Company (current position)
  1
3 Takeshi Jin Director (Outside, Independent)
Oct. 2020
4 Yoshiro Nagashima Director (Outside, Independent)
Apr. 1964 Apr. 1964 June 2003 July 2006 June 2015 Apr. 2016
Registered as an attorney with Daini Tokyo Bar Association
Joined Shunzo Kobayashi & Tadao Imai Law Office (currently Chugai Godo Law Office) Outside Corporate Auditor, NIHON SHOKUHIN KAKO CO., LTD.
General Counsel, the Company (current position)
Outside Director, the Company (current position)
Outside Director, Tri Chemical Laboratories Inc. (current position)
Apr. 1975 May 2002 June 2004
Oct. 2005 June 2009 June 2016 June 2018
Joined The Mitsubishi Bank, Ltd. (currently MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Regional Director, Toranomon Branch Office, MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Representative Director and President, Tokyo Diamond Collection Service Co., Ltd. (currently MU Frontier Servicer Co., Ltd.)
Representative Director and Deputy President, MU Frontier Servicer Co., Ltd. Standing Auditor, NIPPON CARBIDE INDUSTRIES CO., INC.
Outside Director, the Company (current position)
Outside Director, ZENKOKU HOSHO Co., Ltd. (current position)
5 Hisataka Mori Director / Executive Officer
Apr. 1983 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2016
June 2016 Apr. 2018 June 2018
Joined the Company
Executive Officer and Branch Manager, Chubu Branch Office, the Company Executive Officer and Deputy Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, the Company
Director and General Manager, Management Strategy Office, the Company
Director and General Manager, Business Promotion Office, the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and General Manager, Business Promotion Office, the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and Branch Manager, Kyushu Branch Office, the Company (current position)
6 Shinsuke Saito Director / Executive Officer
   27
28
2
3
4
Apr. 2019
7 Akio Iguchi Director / Executive Officer
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2008 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2017 June 2017 Apr. 2019
Joined Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Deputy General Manager, Chubu Branch Office, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation General Manager, Shikoku Branch Office, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
General Manager, Kyushu Branch Office, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Joined the Company
Director in charge of Transportation Division, the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Transportation Division, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2013 Apr. 2016 Apr. 2018 June 2018
Joined Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
General Manager, Kanetsu Branch, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
General Manager, Chugoku Branch, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
General Manager, Chubu Branch, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Joined the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Business Management Office, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1985 Apr. 2005
Apr. 2013 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2016 July 2017 Apr. 2018 June 2019 Oct. 2020
Joined the Company
General Manager, Device Sales Department, Semiconductor & Device Division, the Company
General Manager, Legal Affair Division, and General Manager, Export Administration Division, the Company
Branch Manager, Kita-Kanto Branch Office, Factory Automation Division, the Company
Executive Officer, General Manager, General Affairs and Personnel Office, and General Manager, General Affairs Division, the Company
Executive Officer and General Manager, General Affairs and Personnel Office, the Company
Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, Administration Head Office, the Company
Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Administration Head Office, the Company
Director in charge of Internal Auditing Division, the Company (current position)
Apr. 2020
9 Futoshi Moriya Director / Executive Officer
   5
6
7
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2005
June 2013 Oct. 2013
Apr. 2016 June 2016
Apr. 2020 June 2020
Joined the Company
General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Department 1, Kansai District Office, the Company
General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Department 1, Factory Automation Division, the Company
General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Department 1, Factory Automation Division, and General Manager, Asia Business Strategic Promotion Department, the Company
Deputy General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Division, and General Manager, Factory Automation Systems Department 1, the Company
Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, Factory Automation Division, the Company
Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, the Company Director, Executive Officer, and Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office, the Company (current position)
   8
9
10
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
10 Harushige Sakai Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
11 Kozo Yamamura Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside)
Apr. 1980 Oct. 2005 Apr. 2008 June 2009 June 2011
Apr. 2015 June 2017
Joined the Company
Deputy General Manager, Electron Division, the Company
Deputy General Manager, Management Strategy Office, the Company
Executive Officer and General Manager, Management Strategy Office, the Company Executive Officer and Senior General Manager, System Integration Division, the Company
Executive Officer and General Manager, Internal Auditing Division, the Company Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1992 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2019 June 2019
Joined Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Manager, Planning Division, Marketing Research & Business Development Department, Kanetsu Branch Office, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Manager, Agent Group, Market Planning & Administration Department, Corporate Marketing Group, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (current position)
   11
12
13
12 Yutaka Nomiyama Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside, Independent)
Aug. 1971 Mar. 1975 Jan. 1976
July 1995 July 2001 Apr. 2005 June 2007 Dec. 2014 Mar. 2016
June 2016
Joined Peat Marwick Mitchell (currently KPMG)
Registered as a Certified Public Accountant
Joined Tokyo Marunouchi Auditing Corporation (currently Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC)
Director, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Managing Director, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Professor, Tohoku University Accounting School
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, TACHI-S CO., LTD.
Supervisor, Social Welfare Juridical Person Hachioji Icho-no-kai (current position) Supervisor, National Federation of Shopping Center Promotion Associations (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (current position)
Apr. 1977 Apr. 2004 June 2007
June 2008 June 2011 June 2011
Joined The Daiwa Bank, Ltd. (currently Resona Bank, Limited)
Joined TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD.
Operating Officer and Deputy General Manager, Corporate Management Division, TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD.
Director and General Manager, Corporate Management Division, TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, TERAOKA SEISAKUSHO CO., LTD. (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (current position)
8 Hironori Saigusa Director
 13 Nobutake Ipposhi Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside, Independent)

Corporate Governance
 Basic Viewpoint Concerning Corporate Governance
With the basic perception that it is supported by customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees, society and all other stakeholders, the Company is aware of its obligation to ensure fairness and transparency in management activities and operation methods and to comply with laws and ordinances in order to fulfill its social missions and responsibilities as a stock-listed company.
Internal Audits
The Company has set up an Internal Auditing Division. With four staff members including its chief, it works independently of the execution of business to check if business operations and activities in individual segments comply with laws and ordinances, with the Articles of Incorporation and internal regulations, and with the Company’s management policy and business plan and offers specific advice and recommendations in an effort to maintain the soundness of the Company. Internal audits are conducted in accordance with the annual plan. Their results are reported to representative Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members. Management thus understands the status of implementation and results, and Executive Officers, who are subject to auditing, carry out follow-ups.
Successor Planning
In order to engage in the process of achieving the management plan, establish policies and standards for the selection of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers, and select as Representative Director an individual worthy to act the representative of the Group, the Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee plays a central role in drawing up succession plans for President and Representative Director.
Based on the successor plans, the Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee draws up a vision of “the ideal president” that incorporates the required abilities, potential, experience, knowledge, and skills, and prescribes specific evaluation methods and standards for the same, as well as taking a lead role in selecting, nurturing, and checking on the state of development of candidates.
Officer Selection
With regard to the composition of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, the Company selects individuals with extensive experience and knowledge in various fields, and seeks to improve the functioning of the Board of Directors, etc.
The main areas of specialist experience for the directors are as follows.
5●●●
11 ● ● ● ●
4 ● ● 3●●
■ Corporate Governance System
  Election and Dismissal Collaboration
Accounting Audit
Election and Dismissal
Shareholders’ meeting
Election and Dismissal
  Audit
    Management Meeting
 Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee
 Compliance Committee
 Compliance Information Liaison Meeting
   Internal Auditing Division
Internal Audit
Board of Directors (Directors and Outside Directors)
Election and Dismissal
Election and Dismissal
Assistance Consultation Report
Consultation Report
  Representative Director
   Instructions and Supervision
Business Execution
Business Collaboration
Promotion of Compliance
  Board of Executive Officers
 Business Segments
 Affiliated Companies
 The Board of Directors
 Name (Age)
Nobuyuki Motohashi
Kazunori Shimamoto
Hisataka Mori
(62)
(64)
Tenure (years)
Position and responsibilities
Senior Managing Director
(In charge of Management Division)
Management
Planning
●
●
Sales
Expected candidate position
Engineering
●
Accounting/ Finance
Legal
Audit
Global
●
Personnel
 President (Representative Director)
  (60)
Director Executive Officer (Branch Manager, Kyushu Branch Office)
●
●
●
 Shinsuke Saito
Akio Iguchi
Hironori Saigusa
(62)
(62)
Director Executive Officer (Senior General Manager, Transportation Division)
Director Executive Officer (Senior General Manager, Business Management Office)
●
 ●
●
 Director
(In charge of Internal Auditing Division)
●
●
●
 Futoshi Moriya
Takeshi Jin
Yoshiro Nagashima
(59)
(58)
(82)
(68)
Director Executive Officer (Senior General Manager, Kansai District Office)
Director (Outside)
●
●
●
●
●
 Director (Outside)
   The Board of Directors consists of nine Directors, including two Outside Directors, in order to ensure swift and appropriate managerial decision-making. It holds ordinary board meetings every other month and extraordinary board meetings as needed. The Company has instituted the Management Meeting, consisting of Directors, excluding Outside Directors. Serving as an assisting body for the Board of Directors, it conducts discussions and decision-making on important matters related to management on a weekly basis, in principle. In addition, the Board of Executive Officers, consisting of Directors and Executive Officers, regularly holds monthly meetings to request reports on the details of business execution. Thus, managerial decisions are communicated to the business execution team.
The Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises four Audit & Supervisory Board Members, including three outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members. In accordance with the audit policy it has formulated, Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend meetings of the Board of Directors, the Board of Executive Officers and other key meetings and learn from Directors and other personnel about the status of execution of their duties. They also carry out audits including the inspection of significant decision- making documents and the investigation of operations and assets at the Head Office and principal offices. If necessary, the board also audits related companies, for example, by asking them for reports on their operations.
The Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee
The Company established the Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee in fiscal 2018 in order to strengthen fairness, transparency, and objectivity of nomination of and compensation for Directors and Executive Officers, and to further enhance corporate governance. The Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee consists of three Directors, including two Outside Directors. Upon requests of the Board of Directors and representative Directors for advice on matters related to Directors and Executive Officers concerning election and dismissal, compensation, and formulation and operation of a successor plan, the Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee deliberates on the matters and provides advice.
●●
●●● ●
     29
30
Audit & Supervisory Board (Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Outside Directors 2 out of 9 Directors
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board
Members 3 out of 4 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
2
1
New election
4●●●●
*Ages given as of October 1, 2020
● 5●
Accounting Auditor
Directors
Independent/ Outside Director

Corporate Governance
 Evaluation of Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
The Company conducts a written questionnaire survey of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members about the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and the results are discussed at meetings of the Board of Directors.
■ Procedures of evaluation of effectiveness
Improvement
Gathering
STEP 2 Survey answers are gathered and points for improvement extracted
STEP 3 Deliberate results in the Board of Directors meeting STEP 4 Determine policies of the following fiscal year to
incorporate points of improvement
Survey
Deliberation
STEP 1 All Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members complete a written questionnaire survey
Questionnaire survey results
Score
Figures in () are comparisons with previous FY
12
(3 points ↓)
16
(3 points ↑)
8
(3 points ↑)
11
(5 points ↑)
8
(2 points ↑)
13
(4 points ↑)
12
(4 points ↑)
16
(7 points ↑)
12
(8 points ↑)
11
(No change)
17
(3 points ↑)
8
(No change)
15
(3 points ↑)
The detailed results of the questionnaire survey for FY2019 were as follows.
 (1) Composition of the Board
of Directors
 (2) Roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors
 (3) Operation of the Board of
Directors
 (4) Deliberation at meetings
of the Board of Directors
   (i) The number of Directors and the number of Outside Directors are appropriate. 3 6 3
 (ii) The Board of Directors is well balanced in terms of the knowledge, experience, 8 and competences of its members.
 (iii) The Board of Directors is diverse in terms of its composition.
(i) The Board of Directors exercises influence on correction of the management
strategy in a timely manner.
(ii) The Board of Directors is appropriately involved in decision-making on business strategies.
(iii) The Board of Directors is effectively monitoring the status of execution of business strategies.
(iv) The Board of Directors identifies and considers risks from various perspectives concerning the agenda items submitted to the Board of Directors.
(i) Information materials for meetings of the Board of Directors are distributed in a timely manner so that there is sufficient time to review the agenda items in advance.
(ii) Information useful for deliberation is provided, as necessary, besides information materials for meetings of the Board of Directors.
(iii) Overall evaluation of the operation of the Board of Directors
(i) Open, constructive discussion and exchange of opinions take place at meetings
of the Board of Directors.
The agenda items submitted to the Board of Directors are appropriate.
(ii) (No unnecessary agenda items are submitted and all items that should be
submitted to the Board of Directors are submitted.)
Sufficient time is allocated to deliberation at meetings of the Board of Directors.
(iii) (Operation is balanced and time is allocated according to the importance of
agenda items.)
(iv) Overall evaluation of proceedings and content of deliberation at meetings of the Board of Directors
4 1452
291 642
11 1 282
165 363
291 156
48 174
           31
Score (points) ■Strongly disagree: -2 ■Disagree: -1 ■Neither agree nor disagree: 0 ■Agree: 1 ■Strongly agree: 2 ■ Making improvements
With regard to “(1) Composition of the Board of Directors (i) The number of Directors and the number of Outside Directors are appropriate,” which saw a three-point decline over the previous fiscal year, the policy of the Company is to raise the proportion of Outside Directors to one-third or more of the Board of Directors, with the aim of living up to the principles of the corporate governance code and further strengthening the soundness of management.
1 9 2 13
(1 point ↑)
  Message from Outside Directors
 Ensuring that the role of monitoring from an objective and broad outside perspective is fulfilled
The role of an Outside Director is to vigilantly monitor the Board of Directors and business execution from outside the Company. Company organizations tend to take internal common knowledge and unspoken mutual understandings for granted. In particular, as a trading company, Kanaden tends to focus on discussions of sales figures. By monitoring with an objective and broad perspective, someone from the outside can encourage companies to conduct business with an awareness of outside eyes. This is an extremely important process. As a lawyer specializing in matters of compliance, I check on Kanaden’s conduct in the course of meetings of the Board of Directors from this perspective.
Utilizing “the past” for “the future” is important
Kanaden is currently undergoing various reforms. For example, externally, it is responding to the Corporate Governance Code. Internally, Kanaden is promoting the CI-J-3 medium-term management plan and is linking divisions through establishing the Solution Engineering Division and the New Business Creation Project. I can greatly approve of these spirited and bold moves to spur on employees in many different areas.
Clear results from qualitative improvement of the Board of Directors
As I began my career in financial institutions, I provide proposals and advice based on the various knowledge I gained in company management and as an auditor of listed companies.
Four years have passed since I assumed my role. At the beginning, Kanaden’s Board of Directors focused largely on short-term topics and reports. However, I have recently seen not only an incredible increase in medium- to long-term topics being deliberated from an early stage as proposals and discussion matters, but also changes throughout the operational procedures themselves of the Board of Directors. I can acknowledge an overall qualitative improvement in this governing body. I have also seen my previous suggestions about the importance of accumulating and sharing information and disseminating it horizontally across the Company take shape in various forms. In seeing the results, I feel that my suggestions have made a sufficient impact.
Role of Outside Director from a medium- to long- term/short-term perspective
I define the role of an Outside Director from two perspectives. One is a medium- to long-term perspective. In the case of Kanaden, that is to discuss and make proposals and give advice on medium- to long-term strategies and investments related to
The strength of the Company lies in both the relationship of trust with excellent customers built up over its more than 110 year history and its sound financial health. With this foundation, how should Kanaden respond to the changes in these turbulent times? To respond appropriately, in addition to enhancing personnel development and training, it is vital that the Company improves the skills and abilities of each and every employee. In this sense, my expectations of Kanaden are growing as the Company possesses plenty of potential to grow.
 Takeshi Jin
Outside Director
overseas expansion, new businesses, human resources development, and systems in the Board of Directors. The other is a short-term perspective. For example, Outside Directors question, confirm, and advise on results forecasts, capital, and the operational status of the internal controls system. I aim to establish checks and balances from these two perspectives while doing all I can to ensure that the effective function of the Board of Directors leads to both a strengthening of businesses overall and further increased awareness of compliance. In this role, I help to ensure that Outside Directors fulfill their responsibilities.
  Yoshiro Nagashima
Outside Director
32

Compliance / Risk Management
Compliance
Basic Viewpoint Concerning Compliance
Follow a Sincere and Ethical Path
The core value of the KANADEN Group Philosophy, “Follow a Sincere and Ethical Path,” is the Group’s basic policy on compliance. In the Group Philosophy, we emphasize “Open and Fair Management” and declare “We fulfill the expectations and garner the trust of all stakeholders through sound and sincere business practices grounded in high ethical standards.” Based on the Group Philosophy, all employees of the Group share the principle that “ethical conduct and compliance are the prerequisites for the existence of an enterprise,” and moreover, in all their actions endeavor to be mindful of their social responsibilities based on ethical values that go beyond ensuring compliance.
Compliance Committee
The Company has established the Compliance Committee chaired by the President and with a membership consisting of Directors and Executive Officers. The committee discusses and implements initiatives for promoting compliance to ensure that the Company’s officers and employees act based on high ethical values. Moreover, for operating divisions to take the initiative in promoting compliance, the Compliance Information Liaison Meeting is organized whose membership consists of the Chief Compliance Manager and compliance managers who assist Compliance Committee members. The regular meeting is held twice a year and an extraordinary meeting is convened in the event of an emergency. At the regular meeting, measures concerning items for promoting compliance are formulated and the progress of their implementation is checked. The meeting members share information and exchange views to ensure promotion of compliance.
Compliance Education
■ Training for Group employees
In order to further raise awareness of the importance of compliance, the Company has prepared a manual on the laws and regulations relevant to its business activities and provides explanations on basic in-house rules and legal matters related to operations that the employees should know and understand.
In addition, all employees of the Group participate in e-learning, which complements these explanations. In fiscal 2019, a total of 867 employees of the Group participated in 10 e-learning programs in the period from October to December.
Organizational Initiatives
■ Questionnaire survey of partner companies regarding compliance
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc. to Subcontractors and the Construction Business Act and preventing inappropriate transactions, we conduct an annual questionnaire survey of partner companies, which includes a question on whether they are compelled to engage in any inappropriate transactions. The survey contributes to ensuring compliance and promotion of fair transactions and prevention of risk.
Operation of the Corporate Ethics Hotline
The Group has the Corporate Ethics Hotline for whistleblowing to prevent unethical conduct and strengthen its self- purification function.
This hotline is available not only for the Group’s employees but also for contracted workers, part-time workers, and temporary staff. Moreover, to protect whistleblowers from anxiety with extreme care, they can opt to contact an external attorney’s office so that they can be free from concerns about being identified.
For all the cases reported via the hotline so far, the Company has implemented thorough measures to protect the whistleblowers and strictly handled the cases in accordance with the Rules for Operation of the Corporate Ethics Hotline. The cases are investigated, starting with the confirmation of the facts and if any problem is identified, corrective action is swiftly taken and recurrence prevention measures are considered and implemented.
■ Corporate Ethics Hotline Flowchart
         Whistleblower
Notification Response
Notification Response
Attorney’s office
Collaboration
Internal contact
Reporting Instruction
Council
Reporting
Reporting Instruction
President
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 ■ Anti-Harassment Training
All employees receive anti-harassment training to ensure that they understand harassment and appreciate the importance of the issue. The training is designed to deepen trainees’ understanding and knowledge of the impact of harassment on individuals and companies, criteria for harassment, how to deal with harassment, and other matters through workshops and discussions, in order to create a harassment-free comfortable workplace. Regarding workplace harassment, as well as providing an anti-harassment e-learning program, the President has issued a statement addressed to all employees that makes it clear Kanaden will not permit any harassment. We are striving to ensure a harassment-free working environment throughout the Company.
Anti-Harassment Training
Risk Management
Basic Viewpoint Concerning Risk Management
Risk Management
In order to forestall management crises and ensure the continuation and stable development of the business, risks for important matters related to the execution of business are evaluated and identified, deliberated at Management Meetings, and decided on by the Board of Directors. Preventive measures have been devised to deal with a variety of crises, such as the strengthening of governance, the effective operation of the internal control system, and the ongoing implementation of compliance-related initiatives.
In the event of a state of emergency such as a natural disaster, accident or unforeseen incident occurring, the Company aims for important operations to continue uninterrupted, and even in the event of such interruptions taking place, for operations to resume in the shortest possible time. In order to deal with the initial stages promptly and appropriately, a Disaster Countermeasures Headquarters will be set up to devise countermeasures, and the Company implements an ongoing program of education and training on a day-to-day basis.
Moreover, in order to protect our own information assets and the information assets entrusted to us by customers and suppliers from theft, falsification, damage, and leakage, and to manage them properly and securely, we have prescribed the Basic Policy on Information Security and operate it appropriately. In addition to security measures at the system level, we seek to strengthen information security by implementing an ongoing program of education, development and training for employees, and handling information in an appropriate fashion.
 33
34

   Important Theme of KANADEN
  Kanaden’s Important Themes / E (Environment) S (Society) H (Human Resources)
The Kanaden Group’s mission is to contribute to the development of a sound and dynamic society through the creation of added value. In carrying out this mission, it is vital to consider the environment, connect with local communities, develop human resources who support the business, and carry out initiatives to address these issues.
The Kanaden Group recognizes Environment (E), Society (S), and Human Resources (H) as key management issues and engages in various initiatives aimed at the development of a sustainable society in all aspects of business activities.
   E (Environment)
Modern society demands that companies contribute to solving environmental issues through business activities. Utilizing our knowledge and experience as an electronics technology trading company, Kanaden will contribute to solving environmental issues.
The Earth we all live on is facing numerous environmental issues, including global warming, polluted oceans, and a steep population increase. In particular, the impact of climate change on the environment is growing more serious. If global warming continues at this pace, it may threaten our lives as abnormal weather
S (Society)
The Kanaden Group participates in and supports social contribution activities. Based on an awareness that companies are one member of society, Kanaden aims to fulfill its role as a corporate citizen supporting communities and society. We want to be a company beloved by everyone through not just the business activities, but also social contribution activities for community development and volunteer activities rooted in local communities.
As one member of society, the Company aims to interaction with the local community through community contribution activities in order to create a healthy society.
H (Human Resources)
Human resources development is a key theme of the Kanaden Group. We are promoting the development of diverse human resources who can take on new challenges and fostering creativity and a sense of balance by creating a workplace environment in which employees feel pride in their work. We aim to increase corporate value by boosting the growth of both individuals and organizations.
The Company has a corporate culture in which it flexibly responds to changes and continues to evolve
P36-P38
grows more frequent, high tides cause flooding, and droughts slow down agriculture and lead to food shortage.
Kanaden acknowledges that environmental issues should be addressed. We are contributing to a reduction of the burden on the environment through products related to energy conservation, renewable energy, and environment.
The Group is also proactively taking efforts towards the conservation of the global environment and the preservation of biodiversity.
P39-P40
We are also aiming to create a healthy society through volunteer activities for the development of communities and sponsorships to develop the young generation who will lead the future. During emergencies, we provide support to victims and affected areas through financial donations.
In the future, Kanaden will continue to value our connection to communities and engage in social contribution activities for sustainable development.
P41-P42
while accurately identifying the needs and issues of customers and solving problems. “Human resources” with excellent human qualities are vital in order to take on customer issues. Kanaden takes proactive efforts to support employees, such as through its human resources system which develops human resources with excellent human qualities and the promotion of diverse workstyles to create an environment where employees can work with ease.
               35
  A
pproach to Environmental Conservation
 Environmental Policy
The Kanaden Group recognizes its mission to hand over a clean world to future generations and has positioned its Environmental Policy as one of its key management issues. For the development of a sustainable society, in all aspects of corporate activities, we strive to conserve and work in harmony with the global environment.
 1. Environmental conservation activities
2. Compliance with environment-related laws and regulations
3. Continuous improvement
(1) We will contribute to the development of a low carbon and recycle- oriented society by not only expanding the sales of eco-friendly products but also offering solutions that are perfect for our customers’ eco-business.
(2) Our Group’s employees and families will work to promote energy savings, resource savings, and proper waste disposal to reduce the burden on the environment.
(3) We will make a commitment to biodiversity-oriented environmental conservation activities to promote the coexistence of human beings and nature.
We will comply with environment-related laws and regulations, as well as outside environmental requirements the Group has agreed to.
We will work to develop an awareness of environmental conservation and to continuously improve and maintain initiatives that contribute to reducing the burden on the environment.
     Goals and the company we want the Kanaden Group to become
● Procure electricity used in business activities from 100% renewable energy sources.
● Achieve zero emissions and carbon neutrality in business activities.
● Contribute to the creation of low carbon and recycle-oriented society by expanding renewable energy business and using energy conservation equipment.
    Current initiatives
● Reduce environmental impact
Promote energy conservation based on environmental manual; promote installation of energy conservation equipment in in-house facilities.
Capital expenditures to promote paperless operations across the entire company. CO2 reduction by introducing hybrid cars.
● Expand support for energy business and energy conservation related products Promoting the environment business and the high-value-added system business.
● Protection of natural environment
Support activities and proactive participation in community initiatives, such as “Kigyo no Mori,” tree-planting activities, and satoyama woodland preservation activities.
    36
 
Important Theme of KANADEN
Reducing Environmental Impact
Preservation of Biodiversity
Head Office (Tokyo region)
Kigyo no Mori Kanaden
In the 10 years since planting, it has grown into an impressive forest.
  Electric Power
The scope of the investigation increased significantly after the relocation of the Head Office. However, we achieved this year’s objective by installing LEDs lighting, reducing office equipment, and continuing electricity conservation activities.
(million kwh) 250
200 150 100
0
207 209 191
182
201
2019 (FY)
31
2019 (FY)
116
2019 (FY)
     Copier paper (t) 45
Along with the relocation of the Head Office and the 40 renovation of the Kansai District Office, we promoted 35 paperless operations and achieved a significant 30 reduction in paper usage. 0
2015 2016 2017 2018
41 39 40
36
   2015
175
2015
2016 2017 2018
   Gasoline
We promoted the introduction of hybrid vehicles for company cars, which led to reduction of gasoline consumption.
(kl) 200
175 150 125
0
163
165
130
 2016 2017 2018
   Promoting the Environment Business and the High-Value-Added System Business
We are promoting the environment/energy business to contribute to realization of a low carbon, recycling-based society.
At the same time, we are promoting the high-value-added system business by helping customers enhance their corporate value in order to contribute to the development of industry.
Revenue from the environment/energy business recovered from the downturn in the previous fiscal year due to a recovery of sales for photovoltaic power generation equipment and increased demand for energy storage batteries in public transportation infrastructure. Furthermore, in the high-value-added system business, the business which contributes to customers’ labor saving efforts expanded significantly.
Head Office (Tokyo region)
Tokyo Bay Green Volunteers
Participated in environmental conservation activities to improve the bamboo forest in the Port of Tokyo Wild Bird Park.
Tohoku Branch Office
Nanatsumori Satoyama Preservation Activities
Participated in Nanatsumori satoyama woodland preservation activities.
Chubu Branch Office
Fujimae Tideland cleaning operation
Participated in Fujimae Tideland cleaning operation, a Ramsar Convention site, with local companies and citizens.
Kyushu Branch Office
SpringSatoyamaWoodlandPreservationActivities(Aburayama)
Participated in forest maintenance activities in the Aburayama Nature Sanctuary under the control of the Fukuoka City Citizens’ Forest Association.
       Large-Scale Photovoltaic Generation System
     Results of the environment/energy business and the high-value- added system business compared with the previous year
LED lighting unit base light My Series
  (Billion yen) 12
9 6
3 0
FY2018
3.4
1.8
FY2019
    6.6 4.4
10.1 6.2
Total
Secondary battery SCiB
      37
38
Environment/ energy business
High-value-added system business

Important Theme of KANADEN
  R
esponsibility as a Member of Society
 Initiatives for the Creation of Safe and Secure Urban Environments
Contributions to Society Through Healthcare Initiatives and Proposals for Safe and Secure Living
As part of our proposals for safe and secure living, we promote the creation of safe and secure urban environments and measures for preventing and dealing with natural disasters, provide high value-added solutions utilizing AI cameras and cutting-edge, high-resolution crime-prevention cameras to watch over local communities, propose the use of high-performance lithium ion batteries for UPS used for alert facilities utilized in the event of increasingly common natural disasters, as well as submitting proposals for hygiene control and solutions to deal with infectious diseases.
In our healthcare initiatives, as part of a new challenge for the Company, we are working to improve quality of life (QOL) by submitting proposals for advanced medical equipment such as radiotherapy systems and diagnostic imaging devices, proposing the use of monitoring and nursing care systems that utilize AI-based image analysis, and developing systems related to mental health care.
By working continuously to discover partner companies and develop new services and businesses, and by taking on the challenge of developing new technological innovations and business models, we cultivate the ability to create proposals so that we are able to adapt to circumstances even in the event of changes in mainstay products and customers, and aim to contribute to the development of a sustainable society.
Measures to Mitigate Global Warming, and Initiatives to Reduce Energy Consumption and Generate Energy
ZEB Initiatives
In response to targets for reducing CO2 in Japan, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry is aiming to achieve ZEB (Net Zero Energy Building) status for all new buildings by 2030.
In July 2019, Kanaden was registered as a certified ZEB Planner and began supporting the implementation of ZEB for building owners.
ZEBs use energy-saving techniques and renewable energy to reduce the amount of energy consumed by the building as a whole to a level close to zero. ZEBs maintain the comfortability of a building while also producing net zero annual energy or creating more energy than they consume. They do this through energy conservation, such as improving equipment efficiency or insulation, and energy generation, such as by photovoltaic generation equipment, etc. At the same time, ZEBs also execute BCP measures during disasters.
Kanaden provides a one-stop service for everything from ZEB design proposals to energy conservation support after operation, including creating systems which use various energy conservation products, such as air conditioning, ventilation, hot water supply, lighting, elevators, and escalators. This contributes to the increase in the asset value of the building itself and the corporate value of the customer.
As a technology trading company involved in the construction industry, and as an environmentally advanced corporation, Kanaden submits a variety of proposals that transcend existing frameworks, and contribute to the customer achieving increases in corporate value.
     ■ Example: solutions for dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic
[1] Energy conservation
[2] BCP-ready
[3] Enhance building value
[4] Enhance corporate value
Image UP
SDGs
Enhance image of corporation/ building
                 Early discovery of individuals with a fever to prevent clusters!
Disinfecting invisible enemies such as viruses and bacteria with light! Air deodorizing and disinfecting equipment
       TP-U series unit-type body surface temperature checker
Transport Infrastructure Initiatives
IT-545N-C handheld, contactless thermal radiation-type thermometer
MaSSC CLEAN MC-T101
Reduced heating and lighting expenses
Business continuity at times of natural disaster
Acquisition of energy-saving performance evaluation certificate
Support to Develop the Human Resources who Will Shape the Future
  Supporting Future Technicians
 Sponsorship of
Robot Idea Koshien
Kanaden sponsored the 2019 Robot Idea Koshien held by the Japan Factory Automation & Robot System Integrator Association.
We are supporting activities which allows the young generation who will shape the future to gain an interest in robots and robot systems and consider an occupation in robotics as one option.
                     39
40
In terms of initiatives for safety and security, the Company is submitting a variety of proposals under the theme of “reducing energy used in rolling stock, and making railway operations even more efficient.”
In addition to electrical drive and control components, regenerative brakes and safety devices for rolling stock, we submit proposals for, and provide, station power distribution facilities, train radio systems, and substation facilities, all of which are indispensable to safe train operation, and so contribute to the stable operation of railway transportation.
To reduce station energy consumption and support greater levels of comfort, we also promote the use of LED lighting and wind power, and we are introducing digital signage in preparation for further improvements in customer convenience.
As part of its initiatives in a variety of business areas, such as railways, Kanaden is also promoting business activities focused on environmentally friendly products. By
making proposals for a wide range of products that
are easy and comfortable to use for everybody using
public transportation systems, we aim to become an electronics technology trading company in the truest sense and one that can respond to customer trust and expectations.
 
Important Theme of KANADEN
Human Resources Initiatives
On the basis of the idea that the quality enhancement of every single employee is indispensable to the Group’s development, the Company provides level-specific training and individual training to positively cultivate a wide variety of personnel.
 H
 uman Resources Development
 Human Resources Policy
 The Kanaden Group possesses the posture of boldly taking on new challenges and the courage for reform, boosts the growth of individuals and organizations, and aims for the improvement of corporate vitality.
 1. Improvement of efficiency and productivity through review of ICT environment; reduction of long work hours
2. Creation of a culture and environment in which diverse human resources can fully demonstrate their abilities
3. Growth of individuals/ organizations
(1) Improve operational efficiency by reviewing the operations system and introducing sales support systems.
(2) Strengthen data analysis/utilization functions.
(3) Achieve flexible workstyles by enhancing communications tools and
putting in place teleworking environments.
(1) Prevention of harassment.
(2) Revise various personnel systems to improve the convenience of shorter
or flexible working hours, and paid leave programs.
(3) Provide information to support work-life balance (child care, nursing
care).
(1) Improve business skills through level and theme-specific training; spread Group Philosophy.
(2) Strengthen and develop human resources who can “challenge and innovate” by spreading new HR evaluation system.
■Theme-Specific Training Training by work unit
As the HR system has been reformed into a role-based system and the roles of each work unit has been clarified, this training aims to confirm the duties and needed skills of each role and develop employees who contribute to the growth of the Company.
M work unit
Training for employees who are subject to evaluations
Purpose Trainingforemployees,whoare subject to evaluations, to properly understand the behavioral traits the Company requires in the role definition manual for the new HR evaluation system.
Training for experienced employees
Purpose In order to enjoy a more satisfying work life, employees look back on their experiences and consider how to be a positive impact on their workplace.
     C work unit
 P work unit
Role definitions
■Other Theme-Specific Training
Training that teaches employees the points for instruction with an understanding of their role as OJT leaders and
 Training for OJT leaders
 Business document training
 Line care training
 Overseas training
   prepares them, together with their mentor, to conduct progress management that fits the subject.
Training that reconfirms the basic components required of business documents with employees, teaches the tricks to creating documents, and imparts how capturing a customer’s heart through writing can lead to the construction of better interpersonal relationships.
Training that teaches employees basic mental health knowledge and countermeasures to prevent employees from having mental health issues; training targeted at managers to detect and handle mental health issues from an early stage.
In order to strengthen the overseas business, this training aims to develop human resources equipped with the ability to think independently and take appropriate action, as well as a global perspective.
  Voice of Human Resources Representative
 Human Resources Development Section, Personnel Division
 We have had trials and errors to create training which grasps and responds to company needs and social trends.
Human resources development is not just training, but is also cultivated in everyday operations, including OJT. In the future, we aim to
cooperate with each division and focus on post- training follow-ups and on-site education. We will strive to enhance our training and education systems so that the quality improvement of each and every employee leads to further business growth.
 Issues
  Current initiatives
● Level-specific individual training, childbirth/child care support, Employee Stock Ownership Association, child raising support, Life Plan Support Program, Shin-yu Kai
 ● Creation of workplace environment in which employees feel pride in their work
● Improvement of communications which can cross organizational borders
● Creation of an organizational culture in which diverse human resources can fully execute their abilities
Human Resources Support
■Support Concerning Childbirth and Child Care
The Company has introduced support programs for maternity leave before and after childbirth, child care leave and others that are available according to childbirth, child care and other life events in order to help its employees continue to work for a long time without worry. It maintains the ratio of female employees returning to work after child care leave at 100%.
■Telework Support
Aiming for workstyle reforms, the Company has gradually constructed an environment in which employees can telework from anywhere. Even under the circumstances of this pandemic, the transition to working from home was smoothly done.
■Child Care Support
The Company provides its employees with long-term support for child care.
The Company provides a certain level of financial support for raising children from the moment of birth to graduation from university.
The Company offers a certain level of financial support for employees with children at university, junior college and vocational school in consideration of the heavy economic burden.
 Child care support
 Education support
    Goals and the company we want the Kanaden Group to become
 ● No direct or indirect discrimination of traits unrelated to execution of one’s role; diverse human resources execute their skills and receive appropriate treatment.
● Become an organization where creativity and taking on challenges are praised and supported; pursue highly productive, high-value-added work from each and every employee.
● The economic effects of individuals and organizations fully exercising their abilities construct a positive cycle which becomes the driver of further growth.
   Voice of Employees
 Business Support Division
After taking maternity leave before and after childbirth and child care leave, I am currently working a schedule that is one hour shorter than normal. When I used this system, there were already many precedents, which created an atmosphere which made it easy to take leave.
In this workplace, my coworkers helped me by giving me suitable work when I felt ill before the birth and when I took sudden leave after the birth, always offering me kind words. I feel that the 100% rate of returning to work after maternity and child care leave is due to this sort of surrounding support.
 41
42

Financial Statements
How Kanaden’s Finances Have Changed
11 Years of Financial Indicators
     Building Facilities
Infrastructure
Information & Communications Equipment
Ordinary profit
Total assets
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Net assets per share
Cash dividend
Return on Assets (ROA)
Price Earnings Ratio (PER)
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Yen
Yen
%
Times
29,435
39,754
1,864
67,516
2,266
(608)
926.57
17.00
2.8
16.2
17,375
30,196
37,751
2,680
69,830
3,741
(653)
945.73
17.00
3.9
11.8
15,434
27,714
26,578
3,099
71,996
1,022
(614)
975.60
17.00
4.4
11.0
15,139
33,249
24,940
2,957
71,473
1,255
(612)
1,040.08
17.00
4.1
10.6
16,412
36,688
29,497
3,834
76,897
4,428
(621)
1,100.59
19.00
5.2
11.2
16,317
31,890
30,545
4,223
77,768
(4,183)
1,234.76
25.00
89
5.5
11.1
16,390
34,645
27,206
4,378
81,637
4,379
(870)
1,275.48
29.00
5.5
9.4
19,815
31,646
27,619
4,385
81,383
(2,428)
(982)
1,364.06
32.00
5.4
11.0
17,476
29,962
28,798
4,854
77,869
(3,307)
(1,749)
1,453.60
32.00
6.1
13.8
16,248
30,344
27,902
4,617
86,801
4,334
(2,618)
1,517.60
39.00
5.6
10.7
FY2019
             Net sales
Factory Automation Systems
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
112,071
27,323
15,557
118,501
33,178
107,857
38,129
109,462
36,132
120,410
37,812
122,009
43,256
120,534
42,293
122,984
43,903
122,058
45,820
123,337
48,841
126,519 45,039 19,726 37,080 24,673
3,688 3,785 3,416
81,011 44,710 4,827 (1,029) (1,220) 18,962 1,568.54 119.88 42.00 55.2 4.5 7.8 10.4 35.0
   Operating profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Net assets
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Unit
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Yen
%
%
%
FY2009
1,963
1,056 32,084 (1,949) 18,057 30.54 47.5 3.3 55.7
FY2010
2,816
1,503 32,667 (613) 20,479 43.48 46.7 4.6 39.1
FY2011
3,049
1,652 33,681 (92) 20,777 47.92 46.7 5.0 35.5
FY2012
2,894 1,933 35,897 815 22,295 56.09 50.2 5.6 30.3
FY2013
3,754 2,178 37,937 (72) 26,169 63.19 49.3 5.9 30.1
FY2014
4,133 2,667 37,238 1,203 23,559 78.93 47.9 7.1 31.7
FY2015
4,333
2,844 38,469 (1,107) 25,935 94.34 47.1 7.5 30.7
FY2016
4,330
2,943 41,119 (73) 22,390 97.64 50.5 7.4 32.8
■ ROE (%) ■ ROA (%)
FY2017
4,755
3,193 43,091 (411) 16,889 106.08 55.3 7.6 30.2
7.8
FY2018
4,465
3,253 43,224 (2,187) 16,400 110.05 49.8 7.5 35.4
■ Equity ratio (%)
Basic earnings per share
Equity ratio
Return on Equity (ROE)
Payout ratio
■ Net sales (Millions of yen)
■ Operating profit (Millions of yen)
■ Ordinary profit (Millions of yen)
■ Profit attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen)
   120,534
122,984
122,058
123,337
126,519
4,755
4,465
4,854
3,193
3,253
3,416
                    2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY)
4,333
4,330
4,378
4,385
4,617
2,844
2,943
7.5
5.5
7.4
5.4
7.6
6.1
7.5
3,688
3,785
50.5
55.3
49.8
55.2
5.6
4.5
47.1
 43
44

Financial Statements
Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Millions of yen)
Consolidated Statement of Income (Millions of yen)
Cost of sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Non-operating income
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary losses
Income taxes - current
Total income taxes
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Millions of yen)
        Cash and deposits
Electronically recorded monetary claims - operating
Merchandise and finished goods
Accounts receivable - other
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Property, plant and equipment
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net
Land
Construction in progress
Investments and other assets
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
7,901
6,055
4,478
1,789
10,454
6,097
7,684
1,344
(2)
11
(2)
4
As of March 31, 2020
  Assets
  65,364
14,663
33,092
5,973
4,800
4,562
1,803
15,647
468
9,142
4,018
6,108
5,182
(3)
3
30
502
4,422
88
79
396
624
401
(100)
81,011
  Notes and accounts payable - trade
Income taxes payable
Provision for bonuses
Other
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation
Asset retirement obligations
Total liabilities
Share capital
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Total net assets
26,426
2,043
1,228
2,135
43,576
29,124
3,322
43,224
69
673
37
As of March 31, 2020
  Liabilities
  34,352
24,032
4,559
1,036
737
1,106
101
2,779
1,948
1,658
36,301
5,576
5,356
32,472
72
167
26
23
-
   Net assets
  5,576
43,282
(123)
1,428
44,710
81,011
-
  Gross profit
Operating profit
Non-operating expenses
Extraordinary income
Profit before income taxes
Income taxes - deferred
Profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
16,421
4,465
104
4,705
(886)
3,253
3,253
95
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Net sales
123,337
126,519
110,462
16,056
12,367
3,688
251
154
3,785
1,467
120
5,132
1,182
534
1,716
3,416
3,416
-
      Current assets
Notes and accounts receivable - trade
As of March 31, 2019
68,359
37,346
As of March 31, 2019
41,273 3,683 5,655 99 2,303 0 1,498 Other 25
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
106,916
11,955
257
4,617
7
2,338
1,451
-
Securities 8,999
Raw materials and 3 supplies
Other 1,786
Provision for bonuses for directors (and other officers)
Non-current assets
Buildings and structures, net
Tools, furniture and fixtures, net
Leased assets, net
Intangible assets
Investment securities
Other
Total assets
18,441 4,164 108 66 302 6,025 316 86,801
Retirement benefit liability
Current liabilities
Advances received
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Electronically recorded obligations - operating
Shareholders’ equity
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Non-controlling interests
Total liabilities and net assets
39,901 5,353 (152) - 86,801
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
(2,187)
(16)
16,889
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
(488)
16,400
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
4,334
(2,618)
4,827
(1,029)
(1,220)
(16)
2,561
16,400
18,962
      45
46

                               Corporate Profile
 Global Network
Overseas Affiliated Companies
A KANADEN CORPORATION (H.K.) LTD.
Unit 07b, 10/F., CDW Building, 388 Castle Peak Road, Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong
TEL: 852-2861-0386
Sales of semiconductors, devices, and others
B KANADEN CORPORATION SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.
3791 Jalan Bukit Merah #10-10, e-Centre@Redhill, Singapore 159471 TEL: 65-6276-4181
Sales of semiconductors, devices, and others
C KANADEN CORPORATION (S.H.) LTD.
1505, Sheng Gao International Tower, 137 Xian Xia Rd., Shanghai, 200051, China
TEL: 86-21-6228-7711
Sales of semiconductors, devices, Factory Automation equipment, and industrial mechatronics products
C2
C2
77
14 2214 22 3 3
   C1 - KANADEN CORPORATION (S.H.) LTD. Shenzhen Branch Office Room1515,Block A,Shenzhen International Chamber of Commerce Building Futian District Shenzhen,518000,China
C2 - KANADEN CORPORATION (S.H.) LTD. Tianjin Branch Office The Exchange Tower1 29F No.2917, Nanjing Rd.189, Heping District, Tianjin 300051, China
C
C
13 1813 18
10
6 8 6 8 5 215 21
1 15 21015 20
Affiliated Companies in Japan
KANADEN BRAIN CORPORATION 15 Head Office
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6215 TEL: 03-3532-6001
Sales of computers, development of software, and software- related services
16 Kansai Sales Office
Kanaden Osaka Building, 7-7, Matsuyamachi, Chuo-ku,
Osaka-shi, Osaka 542-0067 TEL: 06-6763-6841
17 Chubu Sales Office
Kanaden Nagoya Building, 1-19-1 Meieki Minami,
Nakamura-ku, Nagoya 450-0003 TEL: 052-588-2310
18 Kyushu Sales Office
N Tenjin Building, 3-7-31 Tenjin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka-shi, Fukuoka 810-0001
TEL: 092-733-1331
19 TECHNO-CREATE CORPORATION
Kanaden Osaka Building, 7-7, Matsuyamachi, Chuo-ku, Osaka-
shi, Osaka 542-0067
TEL: 06-6763-6835
Design and development of computer software
KANADEN ENGINEERING CORPORATION 20 Head Office
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6216 TEL: 03-6747-8890
Sales, design, installation and maintenance of communications equipment, electronics-applied equipment, air-conditioning equipment, low-temperature equipment, electrical facilities, and lighting equipment
21 Shinjuku Branch Office
Shinjuku Koyo Building, 5-15-6, Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku,
Tokyo 160-0022 TEL: 03-3356-2214
22 Tohoku Branch Office
Sendai Kamisugi Building, 1-17-7, Kamisugi Aoba-ku, Sendai-
shi, Miyagi 980-0011 TEL: 022-267-5971
23 KANADEN TELESYS CORPORATION
Sakaisuji Best Building, 1-16-13, Minami-Semba, Chuo-ku,
Osaka-shi, Osaka 542-0081
TEL: 06-6264-0300
Sales and maintenance of mobile communication equipment
 12
12
10
4 11 1711 17
9 1619912631923
2
2
4
  D KANADEN TRADING (THAILAND) CO., LTD. 4345 Bhiraj Tower at BITEC, 14th Floor, Room No.
BTB-TWR. 14. 1407, Sukhumvit Road, Bangna Tai Subdistrict, Bangna District, Bangkok 10260, Thailand TEL: 66-2-130-5644
Sales of Factory Automation equipment, air- conditioning and refrigeration equipment, semiconductors, devices, etc.
Procurement from within the Group in Thailand, functions to supervise cultivation of new products
E KANADEN (THAILAND) CO., LTD. 4345 Bhiraj Tower at BITEC, 14th Floor, Room
No. BTB-TWR. 14. 1407, Sukhumvit Road, Bangna Tai Subdistrict, Bangna District, Bangkok10260, Thailand
TEL: 66-2-130-5644
Sales of Factory Automation equipment, industrial mechatronics equipment, air-conditioning and refrigerationequipment,andsystemsassociated with the solutions business such as automation/IoT
F FACOM-KD (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
4345 Bhiraj Tower at BITEC, 14th Floor, Room No. BTB-TWR. 14. 1407, Sukhumvit Road, Bangna Tai Subdistrict, Bangna District, Bangkok 10260, Thailand TEL: 66-2-130-5645
Design, manufacturing and installation of industrial machinery, control systems, etc.
G KANADEN (VIETNAM) CO., LTD.
IDMC My Dinh Building, No.15 Pham Hung Road, My
Dinh 2 Ward, Nam Tu Liem District, Ha Noi City, SocialistRepublicofVietnam
TEL: 84-24-3206-6695
Sales of Factory Automation equipment, industrial mechatronics equipment, and systems associated with thesolutionsbusinesssuchasautomation/IoT
6
Nagano Sales Office
  C1 A
C1 A
225-1-302, Kamishiojiri, Ueda-shi, Nagano 386-0042 TEL: 0268-25-3226
  D E DF E F
Domestic Offices
7-7, Matsuyamachi, Chuo-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka 542-8554 TEL: 06-6763-6800
10 Keiji Sales Office
Otsu Daiichi Seimei Building, 3-1-8, Chuo, Otsu-shi, Shiga 520-0043 TEL: 077-510-2771
11 Chubu Branch Office
1-19-1, Meieki-Minami, Nakamura-ku, Nagoya-shi, Aichi 450-0003 TEL: 052-588-2000
12 Kyushu Branch Office
1-2-20, Saenba, Kokurakita-ku, Kitakyushu-shi, Fukuoka 803-8691 TEL: 093-561-6481
13 Fukuoka Sales Office
Dainana-Myojo Building, 4-1-1, Tenjin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka-shi, Fukuoka
810-0001
TEL: 092-761-7855
14 Tohoku Branch Office
Sendai Kamisugi Building, 1-17-7, Kamisugi Aoba-ku, Sendai-shi, Miyagi
980-0011
TEL: 022-266-3117
G
G
7 HokkaidoSalesOffice
Mitsubishi Electric Corporation Hokkaido Branch Office, 4-1,
Kita2JoNishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo-shi, Hokkaido 060-8693 TEL: 011-212-3773
8 KofuOffice
OSD-III (Iida) Building, 1-1-24, Iida, Kofu-shi, Yamanashi 400-0035 TEL: 055-235-6411
Kansai District Office
  1 HeadOffice
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6215
TEL: 03-6747-8800
2 Kanagawa Branch Office
Sotsu Yokohama Building, 1-3, Honcho, Naka-ku, Yokohama- shi, Kanagawa 231-0005
TEL: 045-671-9211
3 Kita-KantoBranchOffice
Kanegen Building, 4-150-1, Miyacho, Omiya-ku, Saitama-shi,
Saitama 330-0802 TEL: 048-648-2857
9
      B
4 Nishi-KantoSalesOffice
Toyoko Building, 2-8-41, Chuo, Ebina-shi, Kanagawa 243-0432
BTEL: 050-3734-9005
5 MitoSalesOffice
   47
48
Imon Mito Bld., 2-1-20, Jonan, Mito-shi, Ibaraki 310-0803 TEL: 029-350-6510
 
Corporate Profile
Shares and share price information
Corporate Profile
Share Information (as of March 31, 2020)
Registered Trade Name and Other Company Information
■ Share Distribution by Owner Category
 Paid-in Capital
 ¥5,576,250,000
 Registered Trade Name
 KANADEN CORPORATION
  Total Number of Shares Authorized to be Issued
Number of Shares Constituting a Minimum Trading Unit
■ Major Shareholders Shareholder
Kanaden Corporation Client Stock Ownership Association
Kanaden Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Association
Mitsubishi Logistics Corporation
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company Ltd.
Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
90,000,000 shares 100 shares
■ Treasury shares 0.34%
■ Personal and others
35.12%
■ Foreign corporations etc.
15.31%
■ Financial institutions 14.67%
■ Financial
instruments business operators
1.03%
■ Other corporations   33.53%
Head Office
Stock Exchange Listing Number of Employees
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6215
First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
834 (on a consolidated basis)
 Shares of Common Stock Issued and Outstanding
28,600,000 shares
Founded
1907
Number of Shareholders
 13,945
 TEL
03-6747-8800
Securities Code
 8081
  Number of shares held (thousands of shares)
2,841
922
656
600
455
Ownership ratio (%)
9.93
3.22
2.29
2.10
1.59
■ Share Distribution by Number of Shares Owned
 Editorial Policy
This report has been compiled to provide all of our stakeholders with a balanced understanding of various aspects of the Group, including financial information such as business performance and strategies, as well as non-financial information on social, environmental and governance matters. When compiling this report, the Company referred to the International Integrated Reporting Framework published by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).
In addition to this report, we have also prepared securities reports, business reports and a variety of other communication tools.
For detailed information, refer to the Kanaden website.
Reporting Period
Communication Tool Matrix
Kanaden Website
Securities reports
General
   KANADEN REPORT
Business reports (mid-term)
  Corporate governance report
Specialized
Financial closing briefing presentation materials
 The applicable reporting period is from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020.
(Portions of this report contain information about activities and initiatives from April 1, 2020.)
Reportable Organization
Kanaden Group (including related companies in Japan and overseas)
Disclaimer Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
The forward-looking statements regarding business performance contained in this report are based on information available to the Company when the report was published and on certain assumptions deemed to be reasonable. Consequently, actual business performance may differ from the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. Important factors that may affect the actual performance, etc. include economic conditions in Japan and overseas related to our business areas, trends in demand for our products and services, and trends in exchange markets and stock markets. It should be noted, however, that factors that may affect actual performance are not limited to these items.
   Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
7,204
25.18
 AVI GLOBAL TRUST PLC
1,368
4.78
   MUFG Bank, Ltd.
751
2.62
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)*
647
2.26
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
481
1.68
 *Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. merged with JTC Holdings, Ltd. and Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. on July 27, 2020 and changed its trade name to Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd.
■ Less than 100 shares
0.03%
■ 1,000,000 shares or more
39.90%
■ Share Distribution by Region ■ Foreign countries15.33%
■ Kyushu1.89% ■ Shikoku
  0.47%
■ Chugoku   0.55% ■ Kinki
  5.39% ■ Chubu   3.24%
■100 shares or more
  4.12%   ■1,000shares
or more
  12.53%
■ 10,000 shares or more
  13.02%
■ 100,000 shares or more
  30.40%
■ Hokkaido 0.16% ■ Tohoku1.10%
■ Kanto
  71.87%
■ Trend in Share Price The Company’s
Turnover (hundreds of shares)
18,000
13,500
9,000
4,500
share price (yen) 1,800
1,350
900
450
■Turnover ■Highest price
Lowest price
       49
50
02019/4567891011122020/1230
Overview
Detailed

Trying steadfastly in persistent pursuit of innovations
  Contact: General Affairs Division
Triton Square Z, 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-6215, Japan TEL: 03-6747-8800
https://www.kanaden.co.jp
Issued in October 2020
