 MS&AD Integrated Report
2019

                                                                                                                                                                                      The MS&AD Insurance Group’s Mission, Vision & Values
The Group’s Raison d’être
To contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet, by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business.
The Group’s aspirations for the medium term
To create a world-leading insurance and financial services group that consistently pursues sustainable growth and enhances corporate value.
The credo for all employees aimed at realizing the Group’s mission
                  Our Mission
Our Vision
Our Values
                                                                                                                                                                                           CUSTOMER FOCUS
Striving to provide security and satisfaction to our customers
INTEGRITY
Being sincere, kind and fair in our dealings with people
                                                                                 INNOVATION
Always improving the way we work while responding to stakeholders’ interests
TEAMWORK
Growing together as a team by respecting one another’s individuality and opinions and sharing knowledge
and ideas
PROFESSIONALISM
Providing high-quality services by constantly enhancing our skills
and proficiency
                  000 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Three Key Concepts
of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2019
1
2
3
                                                    Creating shared value with society through our corporate activities
The fundamental mission of an insurance company is to support the sustainability of society. To support stability in people’s lives and dynamic business activities, we face the various
issues that prevent them and the various risks that lie behind them, and utilize all the resources within the Group to advance initiatives to resolve these issues.
We are making steady progress toward the realization of a "Resilient and sustainable society" in 2030 by sensing the ever-changing needs of the times and creating value together with society.
                                                                                                                                  Becoming a world-leading insurance and financial services group
The challenges we face are becoming more severe on a global scale.
We aim to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group that is capable
of better serving our customers around the world by confronting emerging risks and the existing risks growing in scale and complexity.
With enhancing productivity by leveraging the Group's synergies and driving innovation via the Group’s diversity, we strive for sustainable growth and to further increase corporate value.
                                                                                                                             Developing a resilient system that can swiftly respond to changes in the environment
What is required to be a resilient and sustainable company in a rapidly changing business environment is by having a stable management platform, world-class talents, a corporate culture that embraces diversity and the resiliency to swiftly respond to whatever social changes may come.
Our society is evolving at an unprecedented rate and becoming increasingly complex and unpredictable.
However, no matter how the circumstances change, the MS&AD Insurance Group will transform itself to pursue our mission:“Contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet”in any period of time.
                        INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 001

Contents
 CEO Message
 Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
 Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
 Our Platform
Management Foundation
 Appendix
 Data Section
 CEO Message・・P.004
The MS&AD Insurance Group’s Mission, Vision & Values・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.000
MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation ・・・・・・P.012 Five Business Domains・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.016 Positioning in Each Business Domain・・・P.018 Group History・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.020 Key Management Indicators and
Total Shareholder Return (TSR) ・P.022
Reviewing the Previous Medium-Term Management Plans since the Group’s Founding・・・・・・・・・・・P.024
Risks and Opportunities・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.026
Overview of the Medium-Term
Management Plan “Vision 2021”・・・・・・P.027
Progress in the Medium-Term
Management Plan “Vision 2021”・・・・・・P.028
Financial and Capital Strategy ・・・・・・・・P.038
Toward Sustainable Growth and Achieving Targets for Group Adjusted ROE and Group Adjusted Profit・・P.040
Special Feature
Aiming for a Resilient and
Sustainable Society・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.054
CSV Initiatives・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.056 The Sustainability Contest 2018・・・・P.063
World Map of Natural Catastrophes
in 2018 ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.064
Climate-Related
Financial Disclosure・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.065
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.042
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Business ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.044
Domestic Life Insurance Business・・・・・P.046 International Business ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.048 Risk-Related Services Business・・・・・・・・P.050 Financial Services Business・・・・・・・・・・・P.052 Asset Management Strategy ・・・・・・・・・・P.053
       ERM
ERM and
Risk Management・・・・・P.066
Promotion of Compliance・・P.069
Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
Promoting Diversity
in Human Assets・・・・・P.070
Supporting Sports・・・・・P.073
Trustworthy Quality
for Society・・・・・・・・・・・P.074
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance・・P.075 Our Management Team・・P.078
Message from
Outside Director・・・・・・P.082
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors・・・・・・・・・P.084
 Basic Knowledge about the Insurance Industry ・P.086 Glossary of Insurance Terminology・P.090
 Corporate Profile・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.096 Stock and Shareholders ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.097 Group Business Schematic・・・・・・・・・・・・P.099 History of the MS&AD Insurance Group in Japan・・P.102 Group Network and History of
International Business ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.104 Credit Ratings・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.110
Group Companies Data Sheets・・・・・・・・P.111
Short Commentary:
Group Financial Statements ・・・・・・・・・・P.118
Performance Record・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.119 ESG Evaluation・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.167 Third-Party Assurance・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・P.168
Editorial Policy
The MS&AD Group publishes the Integrated Report to provide customers, shareholders, investors and all other stakeholders with a deeper understanding of our initiatives aimed at solving the challenges faced by society and at increasing corporate value throughout the business. This Report was edited based on the International Integrated Reporting Framework provided by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation provided by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in order to explain our business model-based story of value creation and the creation of shared value with society (CSV initiatives) in an easy-to-understand manner.
The MS&AD Integrated Report 2019 takes up the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021,” which was launched in the previous fiscal year, in order to explain our strategies and specific initiatives designed to facilitate sustainable growth toward realizing the image of society for which we are aiming.
At the same time, the Report provides an explanation of the management platforms that support these initiatives. For further detailed information, please visit the MS&AD official website. (For a guide to the relationship between this report and our website, please refer to the explanation on the following page.)
  002 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
 MS&AD Disclosure Framework
 For further detailed information on the MS&AD Insurance Group, please refer to the information on the Company’s official website.
  MS&AD Integrated Report
CEO Message
Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Medium-Term Management Plan “Vision 2021”
Our Platform
Management Foundation
ERM
Corporate Governance
Data Section
Corporate Profile Performance Record
MS&AD Official Website
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/index.html
                     Strategies by Business Domain
          About MS&AD Group
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group.html
CEO Message
Company Information MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation Our Strengths
Management Plans and Policies
Our Business ⇒Official website of
each Group company Our Platform
Sustainability
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr.html
Creating Shared Value
Quality that earns the trust of society
Management platforms that enable employees to play active roles
Investors
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ir.html
Message from the CEO
        Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
         INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 003

  CEO Message
     President & CEO
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Introduction
The new Reiwa era has dawned in Japan. Entering this new age, we are filled with joyful expectations about the future, but, looking beyond, the global situation has become increasingly unstable and the global economic growth outlook is not bright by any means. Natural disasters have become larger and are occurring more frequently̶indeed, historical large-scale losses were seen overseas in fiscal 2017 and in Japan in fiscal 2018.
The number of natural catastrophe claims received from within Japan in fiscal 2018 was about 520,000 for the entire Group, substantially exceeding the figure stemming from the Great East Japan Earthquake. Also, overseas, following fiscal 2017, which was said to be the year with the most natural disasters, fiscal 2018 saw hurricanes in the US, a series of earthquakes in Indonesia and wildfires in California, resulting in the fourth largest losses in history.
In response to these calamities, to support those affected and see their lives return to normality and to restore communities, we put in place Group-wide measures to do our best to pursue prompt insurance payments.
Some wisdom is born out of having to face such a critical situation. When natural disasters frequently hit Japan last year, we employed AI and digital technology, such as the introduction of remote on-site investigation using a smartphone video chat system, damage appraisal utilizing drones and payment operations utilizing robotic
   004 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section CEO Message
Who We Are
 process automation (RPA), thus realizing efficient operational flow from ascertaining damage to insurance payouts.
The frequent occurrence of large natural disasters has an extremely big impact on the non-life insurance business. In addition to the prompt responses to such disasters, the issues of climate change and natural capital, which induce such disasters, are subjects our Group as a whole should address.
Progress of“Vision 2021”medium-term management plan
(See PP.27-28 for details)
Last fiscal year saw the start of the Group’s medium-term “Vision 2021” management plan. By holding up “a resilient and sustainable society” as the image of the society we will achieve by 2030, we have clarified what the Group aims for in the medium term.
As for the image the Group aims for in the medium term, the first goal in “Vision 2021” is to become “a world-leading insurance and financial services group,” which has been our vision since its birth. Specifically, this means achieving a scale that is ranked among the global top ten non-life insurance groups in terms of size of business, achieving capital efficiency with a Group Adjusted ROE of 10% and securing an economic solvency ratio (ESR), a financial soundness indicator, of 180-220%.
As for scale according to the Fortune Global 500, the Group was ranked 7th and 5th in 2018 and 2019, respectively, in the property & casualty insurance category, maintaining its rank among the top 10. As for financial soundness, the Group consistently secured an appropriate level throughout fiscal 2018. On the other hand, as for capital efficiency, due mainly to the frequent occurrence of natural disasters, Group adjusted ROE was 6.1%, a result which was less than expected at the beginning of the fiscal year and which remains a challenge going forward. Taking account of capital cost and aiming at achieving Group Adjusted ROE that stands comparison with major insurance companies in the US and Europe, the Group will tackle how to increase shareholder value.
The second goal in “Vision 2021” is to create “resilient systems that can swiftly respond to environmental changes.” Due to the increasing size and complexity of existing risks, the emergence of new risks and changes in social structure, societal needs change. To respond promptly to environmental flux, we ourselves have to become a resilient and sustainable group. To that end, we have set three key strategies: namely 1) pursuing the Group's comprehensive strengths, 2) promoting digitalization, and 3) reforming our portfolio to develop resilient systems that can respond to environmental changes.
Key Strategy 1
Pursuing the Group’s comprehensive strengths
(See PP.30-31 for details)
The reason the Group opted for integration in the form of reorganization by function was to pursue a business model of total optimization which simultaneously realizes growth and efficiency of the Group. To that end, each Group company is required to increase its top line while simultaneously improve productivity of the Group as a whole. At present, the Group is working to enhance the quality of products and business efficiency through a review of role division and cooperation within the Group, and promoting various initiatives to strengthen competitiveness utilizing synergies.
RPA
Robotic process automation (RPA) is the use of software robots to perform routine tasks previously performed by humans using computers.
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 005

  For example, in the domestic non-life insurance business area, as a joint development between Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, the Group launched Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance, which supports safe driving by utilizing a dashboard camera. This product, the result of prompt and low-cost product development, saw sales of more than 100,000 units during the four months since its start in January 2019.
Last fiscal year, each Group company saw steady top line growth and some initiatives within the Group made progress, while an improvement in productivity remains a big challenge. To overcome this, it is necessary to improve agent business productivity, promote digitalization thereby realizing real-time improvement in productivity, promote sharing and standardization within the Group, and promote diversity and inclusion such as supporting career development for women. Going forward, the Group will accelerate with a sense of urgency cross-cutting initiatives in a broad range of areas, such as products and services, sales activities, the development of human assets, contact centers, and affiliated companies. Through doing so, the Group will be able to utilize the merits of reorganization by function and contribute to further expanding profits.
Key Strategy 2
Promoting digitalization (See PP.32-33 for details)
The recent wave of digitalization, noticeably in populous China and India, has been progressing at an extremely rapid tempo. Centering on digitalization, we have been developing global initiatives that will lead to exercising the Group’s comprehensive strengths. We have three objectives in promoting digitalization: enhancement of the value of customer experience, improvement in business productivity and creation of new business models. Toward realizing these objectives, we have been accelerating initiatives from a stance of open innovation.
For example, the holding company started a corporate venture capital business in Silicon Valley in October 2018 and it began to invest in start-up firms that can be expected to bring transformational changes to our business. As a result of rapid decision-making, the venture capital invested in about 20 start-up firms within six months after establishment, which are all unique creating new business models utilizing advanced technologies. In addition, in Israel, where start-up firms with cutting-edge digital technologies are concentrated, we have made arrangements to exploit advanced digital and cyber technologies. Going forward, we will build on these bases to steadily promote, together with our agents, business process reform, greater competitiveness of sales channels and digitalization of products and services.
MS&AD is the first Japanese insurance group to establish a corporate venture capital (CVC) operation in Silicon Valley. CVC plays a vital role in bringing Japan and the world together through innovation.
      006 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section CEO Message
Key Strategy 3
Reforming our portfolio (See PP.34-35 for details)
To become a resilient and sustainable company, it is essential to build a stable profit base. While a recovery in profits was delayed in the international non-life insurance business, profits from the life insurance business exceeded plan. Due partly to expanding investment in the international life insurance business, we were able to improve the balance between life and non-life insurance businesses and stabilized the profit base.
The domestic non-life insurance business, including Mitsui Direct General Insurance, continued to see high premium growth in fiscal 2018. Profits from automobile insurance increased and those from casualty insurance steadily expanded, thereby promoting conversion of the product portfolio to being more balanced.
In the domestic life insurance business, the development and sale of products which are tuned to the progress of an aging society and changes in people's lifestyle are faring well. At Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance, a medical insurance product called New Medical Insurance Ace Premia, has been steadily winning contracts. Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance has been selling pension products featuring an enhanced tontine system and whole life insurance that focuses on living donations, and these products have been adopted by many financial institutions in their product line-up. The Group’s domestic life insurance business posted adjusted profit of more than 30 billion yen and has grown to be one of the stable profit pillars of the Group.
In international business, the Group added First Capital in Singapore and, through capturing growing markets such as China and India, firmly established bases in Asia, where we have had considerable strength. Though MS Amlin is on the way to a profit recovery, there has been no change in terms of its strategic importance in our Group due to its leading position in the Lloyd’s market (the leading insurance market in the world), pool of talented human assets, and expertise in specialty areas. Furthermore, the Group has been involved in telematics that has been developed in cooperation with Toyota Motor Corporation and also the international life insurance business that has been developed with top-notch local partner companies, thereby diversifying our portfolio.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., holds regular committee meetings, consisting primarily of executives responsible for international business. The committee members engage in vigorous discussion of topics such as international business strategy, progress on overseas projects across regions, and issues and prospects in each region and market.
Sustainability initiatives
Our Group has been pursuing a particular mission, namely “to contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business.” The role of our Group is to confront various risks stemming from social issues which could impair that mission by providing solutions for these issues. Providing various products and services that could lead to resolving social issues and creating an
Who We Are
       INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 007

    Sustainable Development Goals
In 2015, the United Nations adopted Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as global goals that should be achieved by 2030 with the aim of development balancing social, economic and environmental sustainability. There are 17 goals and 169 targets that the world should prioritize as issues to be tackled, such as eliminating poverty and countering climate change.
BCP
A business continuity plan (BCP) is a plan for minimizing damage to a company in the event of an emergency, such as an act of terrorism, a natural disaster or a system interruption, so that the company can continue operations or recover as quickly as possible.
environment in which customers can live and conduct business in a secure manner is the “story of value creation” of the MS&AD Insurance Group. The “story of value creation” has become a common vector to illustrate how meaningful one’s own work is in society.
“Vision 2021” identifies four social issues we need to focus on: diversified/ large-scale accidents and disasters, the global environment approaching its limit, mounting burden of nursing/medical care associated with an aging population and decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities. To address these four issues, the Group has set seven key initiatives centering on creating shared value (CSV) (see PP.54-62 for details). We have ascertained how each will contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and clarified the role our Group should play to underpin the sustainability of society. The Group as a whole will promote CSV and aim at raising corporate value as well as realizing a resilient and sustainable society.
To disseminate such initiatives throughout the entire Group, we held a “Sustainability Contest” (see P.63 for details) last August̶there were 526 applications including some from overseas entities. Upon judging by 61 Group executives, an initiative of the Hokkaido Branch of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance was awarded first prize. This branch holds a monthly “Visionary Meeting” in which staff members bring their wisdom to “resolving problems of local society.” Through this “Visionary Meeting,” an initiative to visit customers and industry insiders to learn about their challenges and needs, they have actually developed problem solving insurance products that led to Expensive medical equipment compensation (insurance for maintenance costs) for hospitals and Beef cattle compensation (accident insurance for beef cattle) for beef cattle ranches. This was a good example where honestly facing challenges unique to the region, such as maintaining medical infrastructure amid an aging population and supporting the livestock industry whose profits fluctuate, resulted in discovering solutions through insurance. Other various CSV initiatives were introduced and shared with the whole Group.
A decline in the vitality of regional society is one of the key issues facing our Group. In CSV initiatives aiming at creating a resilient community, as a regional revitalization program, the Group has been developing problem solving initiatives that are related to the SDGs, such as initiatives to prevent and reduce disasters, business continuity planning (BCP) proposals, utilization of natural capital and industrial promotion through sports. For example, together with Koki Kawauchi, a former public official and marathon runner who signed a contract with Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, we have been developing a nationwide “marathon caravan” to invigorate Japan through marathons, linking with contributions to the local community. Such initiatives that put emphasis on the sustainability of a region have been well received and collaboration with various local governments has gradually been expanding within our Group as a whole.
Currently, we are planning to expand our ideas of the “story of value creation” and CSV to our agents. From last year, through our agents, we have been promoting a “water disaster and earthquake preparedness proposal campaign,” where agents
In April 2019, marathon runner Yuki Kawauchi concluded an affiliation agreement with Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. Kawauchi and Aioi Nissay Dowa are partnering to present Marathon Caravan, a running tour of Japan. Through this project, we are supporting the realization of dynamic local communities, with the aim of contributing to regional development.
     008 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section CEO Message
explain to customers the risks associated with water disasters and earthquakes and have customers confirm the content of compensation by themselves, enabling them to be prepared for an emergency. Among Full-Time Agents (see P.91 “Glossary of Insurance Terminology”), there are those who not only introduce insurance products but also make preemptive proposals before disasters occur through showing hazard maps and encouraging customers to secure an evacuation route. We have renewed our recognition that to realize the society our Group is aiming at, the assistance of agents who interface with customers on a daily basis is necessary. This year, for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance full-time agents, we have prepared an animation entitled “Bond Toward the Future.” Get close to the region, guard resident customers' daily lives and continue to guard them even after generations go by̶these are the missions of insurance agents. Eying the same future, we will strengthen our partnership with insurance agents nationwide to support customers and the sustainability of regional society.
Employees playing active roles
In the growth model of Japan’s economy after World War II, uniformity mattered and everybody moving toward the same direction became a great driving force behind economic growth. It was an era in which a homogenized labor force proved to be successful. However, in an era of uncertainty, in which rapid social changes are seen, diversity and inclusion (see PP.71-72 for details) will be necessary. Besides promoting the career development of women, unless human assets from a variety of career backgrounds and nationalities, with various opinions and different inspirations, can be harnessed and directed to bolstering the comprehensive strengths of the Group, the Company's competitiveness will wane.
As for the career development of women, while it is important to manage each individual’s motivation and provide opportunities for management, such would be meaningless unless management is appropriately educated on the subject, including assignment skill. The same can be said with respect to foreigners, the elderly and people with disabilities. It is important to lay the foundation to accept opinions that are different, or sometimes conflicting, with one’s own, and debate with one another. Aiming at changing the mindsets of the holding company’s executives, I attended a lecture on “unconscious bias” in April this year and was quite stimulated.
In fostering global talents, while it is important to cultivate those who can play an active role overseas and dispatch them, I think each of our companies in Japan should themselves become more global, namely, they should nurture a global mindset in terms of feeling, behavior and attitude even though in Japan. For example, employees with overseas experience have learned various things through experiencing different business customs and sense of values as well as living in a different culture. They have gauged the necessary English communication skills required for holding discussions overseas. I expect such global talent to exercise leadership at home and abroad and to play a significant role in converting our company to being a really globalized one.
As for work-style reform, there are various arguments within our company. While limiting working hours is a subject of debate, it doesn't make sense if there is no understanding of why work-style reform is being pursued. According to the OECD, Japan's labor productivity has always ranked the lowest among advanced economies every year. In my view, to reduce working long hours, it will be necessary not only to tighten regulations and laws but also educate management together with business process reform. This is because work efficiency will not improve without prompt
Uniformity
The state of being uniform, homogenous or identical
Assignment skill
The ability to recognize the skills of each employee accurately and assign the right person to the right job, so that each can leverage his or her distinct capabilities to build a dynamic and effective organization
Unconscious bias
The habit of taking age, sex, whether an employee has small children and similar factors into account when assigning employees to tasks, without realizing it. Examples include assuming that men take leadership roles while women take support roles; that it is unkind to assign heavy responsibilities to women; and that female employees with small children can not undertake business travel.
OECD
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) is an international organization created
for the purpose of wide-ranging dialogue on matters of international economics. The OECD has been called “the world’s biggest think tank.”
OECD website https://www.oecd.org
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 009

  decision-making and proper assignment by managers at the front line. On the other hand, it will also be crucial for individual employees to build up their abilities to design their own way of life and career vision. Unless each employee has his/her own values regarding his/her life, such as motivation for work and a future career plan, work-style reform in a real sense cannot be achieved. Creation of shared values with our customers greatly depends on employee satisfaction toward work at the front line. In promoting the “story of value creation,” it is crucial to prepare an environment in which employees, who are the main characters, can work vigorously and with enthusiasm. Diversity and inclusion, as well as work-style reform, are measures to realize such an environment.
Yasuyoshi Karasawa, President & CEO, spoke at a seminar for female executives and executive candidates. Speaking on the theme of
“Promoting Diversity and Inclusion: The Age of Designing Work and Life,”Karasawa spoke on the four characteristics required of a leader, organizational support for promoting women’s activity in the working place and changing mindsets among employees.
Corporate governance (see PP. 75-77 for details)
What is most important in corporate governance is to enhance the transparency of management for stakeholders. The succession plan announced this May was formulated through thorough discussions, mainly by outside directors, and included appointment criteria for the CEO of the MS&AD Insurance Group, appointment process, development planning, and dismissal process. The development plan included content that will enhance recognition as a manager, such as global experience, governance, and external training including MBA study. We also revised directors’ remuneration. We have increased the portion of performance-linked remuneration against the portion of fixed remuneration, set short- and medium- to long-term assessment indicators, and introduced non-financial indicators, such as sustainability initiatives in medium-to long-term assessment. Such a remuneration framework will be quite effective if we consider the possibility that executives from overseas might become directors of the holding company.
At present, 25% of members of the Board of Directors are female from a variety of backgrounds. The Board has diverse members with high expertise and wisdom in the area of corporate management experience, economics, law, finance and education. At Board meetings, we secure sufficient time and have active discussion with outside directors on issues ranging from individual business to overall business strategy. While we sometimes receive harsh opinions, through management incorporating outside viewpoints, management transparency is ensured. In that sense, I believe the check and balance function of our outside directors is being thoroughly exercised.
     010 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

       CEO Message
CEO Message
Who We Are
Our Way Special Feature
In the age to come
We are entering an era of uncertainty. The global situation is constantly changing as witnessed by the intensification of US-China trade friction, turmoil on the European political stage and spread of uncertainty concerning emerging economies. Moreover, due to the rapid progress of digitalization, the wave of change in industrial structure and the conversion of business models have been surging. Furthermore, the gravity of the global environment problem have been increasing. Frequent occurrences of large-scale natural disasters due to climate change causes enormous damage not only to the lives of civilians and corporate production but also to industry and the economy as a whole.
Against such a backdrop, the role our Group, which aims at realizing a resilient and sustainable society, can play will be extremely meaningful. In particular, we will actively address challenges concerning climate change as such will have a significant impact on the insurance business. For example, we will exhibit leadership in cooperation with
and initiatives under
(see P.65 for details) and commence specific actions. On the other
hand, for individuals, firms, and local governments, we will apply a full range of measures to prevent and reduce disasters, as well as to promote forecasts and precautions through disaster risk analysis.
In addition, in Society 5.0, it will be required to meet social challenges through utilizing digital innovation as well as imagination and unique creativity via a diverse range of people. What role can automobile insurance play in the next generation mobility society, which is represented by the new areas of MaaS (mobility as a service) and CASE (connected cars, autonomous driving, car/ride sharing, and electric)? As digitalization in its real sense is a business model transformation, our Group should take account of the raison d'être of the insurance business and transform ourselves amid these changing social platforms.
In promoting such forward-looking initiatives by the Group as a whole, I realized the importance of the “story of value creation.” This is a common vector for our more than 40,000 Group employees. Each Group company and each employee implementing the “story of value creation” will lead to realizing the mission to “contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet.”
When listening to advanced global firms, all have extremely clear purposes, namely, a raison d'être. In the age to come, precisely because uncertainty is high, a company's raison d'être will have great significance. In that sense, permeation of the mission of MS&AD Insurance Group and the “story of value creation” which embodies the mission will have important implications more than ever. Based on the “story of value creation” and using SDGs as leading marks, we will advance CSV initiatives toward creating shared value with society and make steady steps to realize a “resilient and sustainable society” by 2030.
Concluding remarks
Transforming Our World̶this is the title of the 2030 agenda for Sustainable Development. To transform our world, a company itself needs to be transformed. Regardless of the generation, we will transform ourselves to be a valued presence in society. By utilizing our Group's intrinsic advantage, diversity and comprehensive strengths, while painting a “Brighter future,” we will forge ahead together with our stakeholders.
UNEPFI
The UNEP Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) is a wide-ranging yet detailed partnership between the United Nations Environmental Plan (UNEP) and more than 200 banks, insurance companies, securities firms and other financial institutions worldwide. Its aim is to promote financial systems that incorporate careful consideration of both economic development and ESG.
TCFD
The FSB Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures is a task force established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB). The FSB is a swiss-based international consultative body created in 2015 to assist in the stabilization of financial systems.
Society 5.0
“Society 5.0” is a human-centered society that will drive economic growth and solve social issues by merging cyberspace and the physical space at a sophisticated level. It is said to be the successor to Society 1.0, the hunter-gatherer society; Society 2.0, the agricultural society; Society 3.0, the industrial society; and Society 4.0, the information society.
MaaS
Mobility as a Service (MaaS) is a service that provides each individual with the means of transportation that is optimal for that person. By seamlessly linking forms of transportation ranging from private automobiles to trains, buses, taxis and bicycles, MaaS provides total service in the transportation space.
CASE
This acronym stands for Connected, Autonomous (referring to automated driving), Sharing and Services (car sharing and other services) and Electric (referring to electric vehicles). Advocacy
of CASE began as part of a medium- to long-term strategy drafted by German automaker Daimler AG.
Brighter future
We introduce some of the wide range of activities the MS&AD Group is undertaking in the creation of shared value (CSV).
Brighter future website
https://www.msad-mirai.co.jp (Japanese language only)
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
   the United Nations Environment Programme ‒ Finance Initiative
  (UNEP FI)
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
  Disclosures (TCFD)
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 011

   Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation
Contribute to the Development
of a Vibrant Society and Help Secure
a Sound Future for the Planet
Bringing Vision to Reality
Today, society is experiencing disruptive change. Whether it be from unstable world affairs, increasingly serious environmental problems, and changes in social and industrial structures resulting from the evolution of IT, new risks of accidents and disasters are emerging. In this age of uncertainty, we have identified four social issues that our Group should address from the mid- to long-term perspective.
  Rapid Social Change
Climate Change Detriment to Natural Capital
Four social issues that the Group can help resolve
     1
Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
  Technological Innovation
    2
The global environment approaching its limit (e.g. climate change and depletion of resources)
   012 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
3
Mounting burden of nursing/ medical care associated with an aging population
 4
Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
  Declining Birthrate and Aging Population
Growing Population / Widening Inequalities

       CEO Message
Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
Our Way
Special Feature
The MS&AD Insurance Group was formed with three groups of insurance companies being integrated with the mission“to contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet, by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services businesses.”
To realize our vision of society, we need to face those social issues that impede this vision, and promptly identify various risks stemming from the issues and provide information on these risks. Then, through a variety of products and services, we need to prevent risks from occurring or minimize the impact of those risks and to reduce the economic burden when those risks materialize. By doing so, we help create an environment where customers can live and conduct business in a secure manner. That is our story of value creation.
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
 To contribute solutions to such social issues, and to attain a “Resilient and Sustainable Society” by 2030, we are working on Creating Shared Value (CSV) initiatives using the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to guide our way. Together with our stakeholders, we pursue the Group’s sustainable growth and enhanced corporate value through the CSV initiatives.
  Creating Shared Value (CSV initiatives)
Deal with new risks
Create a safer mobility society
Strive for resilient community development Support“good health and longevity”
Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital Work toward the realization of“leaving no one behind”
Our Image of Society in 2030
Resilient and Sustainable Society
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 013
 
             The MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation
Contributing to the of a Vibrant and Helping Secure for the
Social Issues
Diverse risks surrounding society
   Resources Supporting MS&AD
   Financial Capital
● Sufficient and sound financial base enabling the underwriting of customers’risks
    MS&AD’s Strengths
   Consolidated net assets (as of March 31, 2019)
Human Capital
¥2,778.0 billion
   Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
   ● Global and diverse human assets
● Professional human assets with sophisticated
expertise related to insurance, risks, etc.
Consolidated number of employees
(as of March 31, 2019) 41,467
Intellectual Capital
● Expertise and trustworthiness supported
by a lengthy business history and experience
● Most abundant risk data in Japan and the ASEAN region
1,140
Scale
Adequate capacity derived from scale
History
1
2 Global environment approaching its limit
           Number of risk surveys conducted (FY2018)
Past experience and lessons are the seeds of the future
Diversity
Creativity and synergies derived from diversity
Innovation
Realizing growth in tune with the times
Sustainability
Always align with society
(Climate change and depletion of resources, etc.)
3 Mounting burden of nursing/medical care associated with aging population
4 Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
MS&AD's Business Model
Reduce the economic burden
Identify and inform on risks
   Social and Relationship Capital
● No. 1 in the scale of its customer base in Japan
  Approx. 42 million
Approx. 2.4 million ● No. 1 in gross premiums written in the ASEAN region
● No. 1 in the size of its agent network in Japan
     Number of individual customers in Japan1
         Number of corporate customers in Japan1
                Number of domestic non-life insurance agents1
86,222
                                         Domestic marketing bases2
261 branches/1,016 offices
Prevent risks from occurring/
minimize the impact
Systems Supporting  
Optimum resource allocation and appropriate
risk management
       Domestic claims handling service centers3 428 ● Overseas bases4 49 countries/regions
● Relationships with leading companies in other sectors including the Toyota Group, the Nippon Life Group, the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
Natural Capital
● Stable global climate system
● Preservation of biodiversity in nature ● Sustainable natural resources
10,545 tons
1. Simple sum of the number of customers and the number of agents at MSI and ADI (as of March 31, 2019)
2. Simple sum of the number of bases at domestic insurance companies (as of April 1, 2019)
3. Simple sum of the number of claims handling service centers at domestic non-life insurance companies (as of April 1, 2019)
4. Includes SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) in the Cayman Islands (as of April 1, 2019)
Resilient systems that can respond to a changing
environment
▶P. 27
                                            ● Amount of paper used
   Medium-Term Management Plan
 ERM
 ▶PP. 36, 66
  014 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

          CEO Message
Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
  Development Society
a Sound Future Planet
Resilient and Sustainable Society
Customers
Employees
Shareholders Environment
Business Partners
Local Communities/ International Society
¥189.8 billion 6.1% 65.6%
  Creating Value in Cooperation with Stakeholders
(results of FY2018)
                          Stability in pe
ple’
Financial Capital
● Increase capital efficiency
● Increase Group Adjusted Profit
● Returns to shareholders
* Total Shareholder Return (TSR) is the ratio calculated by dividing the return (dividends and capital gains) on investments in stocks over a specified period by the share price (investment amount).
Human Capital
Agents
Group Adjusted Profit
Group Adjusted ROE
TSR* of past 5 years
eo
 Dynamic
c
c
o
o
p
s lives
 c business ctivities
   a
a
a
a
c
        Provision of safety and peace of mind
Global insurance / financial services business
Five Business Domains Domestic Non-Life ▶P. 44
Insurance Business Domestic Life
● Provide working environments that offer greater amenities and support personal growth
● Provide employment that is stable and gives due consideration to work-life balance
P
P
P
        Employee 4.4points satisfaction level1
Days of paid vacation
2 used per employee/year
15.6
            Insurance Business ▶P. 46
1. This measures the level of employees’ feeling pride or job satisfaction. (The figure is an average for all employees based on a survey of employees‒6 points represents perfect satisfaction.)
2. Average number of vacation days acquired by all employees with respect to “regular/carryover vacation days” as well as “special vacation days”
Intellectual Capital
● Foster the development of employees with high levels of specialized expertise
● Provide products and services that respond to changing and diverse customer needs
● Provide society with risk-related surveys and research results Research reports issued1   78 Number of actuaries2   103
1. We issued reports on diverse subjects including CSR, corporate risks, BCM, workers’ compensation risks, transportation risks, overseas crisis management information and infectious disease information.
2. Number of professional actuaries employed by MS&AD Group with specialized skills for making full use of probability, statistical and other mathematical techniques used in product development, risk management, financial soundness confirmation and other processes (as of April 1, 2019)
Social and Relationship Capital
● Disburse insurance payment of claims and benefits appropriately and speedily
● Provide services to prevent accidents and disasters from occurring
● Provide a high-quality and diverse agent network
● Fulfill corporate social responsibility through cooperative
relationships with business partners
● Provide products and services that protect such social capital
as social infrastructure, government services, etc.
Insurance ¥2,528.1 billion Customer 96.6% claims paid1 satisfaction2
1. This represents the sum of net claims paid and life insurance claims. (FY2018)
2. Ratio of customers satisfied with accident response for automobile insurance
(MSI and ADI) (FY2018)
Natural Capital
● Reduce CO2 emissions to slow the pace of climate change
● Contribute to the preservation of biodiversity
● Reduce the Environmental burden to allow sustainable use of
 Financial
Services Business
Risk-Related Services Business
▶P. 52
▼
  ▶P. 50
P. 48
           Corporate Value Creation
    Management platforms that enable employees to play active roles and quality
improvement
▶P. 70
Strengthening corporate governance
▶P. 75
natural resources
Amount of Employees participating
 paper reduced 540tons in social contribution 23,601 activities*
 Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
 Corporate Governance
* Number of employees who make donations or participate in volunteer activities as an individual or part of the company. (excluding employees overseas)
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 015
      International Business

 Five Business Domains
  Financial Services Business Risk-Related Services Business
3.1% ¥5.8 billion International Business
2.8% ¥5.4 billion
Domestic Life Insurance Business
16.7%
¥31.6 billion
                                                FY2018
Group Adjusted Profit
         ¥189.8
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
77.4%
¥146.9 billion
     billion
                               Group Adjusted Profit Defined
Group Adjusted Profit is the Company’s own index showing the ordinary profitability of the entire Group. It is calculated by adding provision /deducting reversal for catastrophe loss reserve and others to/from consolidated net income.
       Group Adjusted Profit
Consolidated net income
Provision for catastrophe loss reserve and others
Other incidental factors e.g., amortization of goodwill and other
intangible fixed assets
Equity in earnings
of the non-consolidated group companies
016 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
       CEO Message
Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
     Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business P. 44
No. 1 position in the domestic non-life insurance market, making group-wide efforts to comprehensivel
y meet diverse customer needs
ducts
          Domestic Life Insurance Business P. 46
Leveraging the distinctive strengths of two group companies in protection-type and asset-building pro
         International Business P. 48
An overseas network covering 48 countries and regions* ー No. 1 in terms of non-life gross premiums written in the ASEAN region
* Excluding the Cayman Islands, where SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) is located. (As of April 1, 2019)
Financial Services Business P. 52
Leveraging the full range of its capabilities as an insurance and financial services group to provide new financial products and services
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd. MS&AD Loan Services Co., Ltd.
                    Risk-Related Services Business P. 50
Creating synergies with the insurance business by deploying global risk solution services
  MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network Co., Ltd. Fureai Do-Life Services Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Business Support Co., Ltd. MS&AD Business Service Co., Ltd. MS&AD Staffing Service Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Systems Co., Ltd.
  MS&AD Group companies that support the
five business domains
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 017

  Positioning in Each Business Domain
  Group-wide
No. 5 among non-life insurance
groups in the world
▶Fortune Global 500: 2019 Income Ranking (Ordinary income basis for Japanese insurance groups)
(US$ million)
$247,837 $81,732 $75,377 $67,226
$49,396 $47,389 $47,180 $43,270 $42,685
Source:FortuneGlobal500 2019InsuranceProperty&Casualty(Stock+Mutual)
ers in Japan
Underwriting Profit
(prior to reflecting catastrophe reserves)*
     1
 2
 3
 4
  5
 6
 7
 8
 9
  10
Company/Group Name
Berkshire Hathaway
State Farm Insurance Cos.
People's Insurance Co. of China
Munich Re Group
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings
Tokio Marine Holdings
American International Group
Zurich Insurance Group
Nationwide
Liberty Mutual Insurance Group
Income
     Share of Net Premiums Written1 (FY2018)
 Others 13%
¥8,392.8 billion
26%
Sources: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company and data from the General Insurance Association of Japan.
1. MS&AD figures are the simple sums of figures for MSI, ADI, Mitsui Direct General and au Insurance Company
2. Figures for other insurance groups are simple sums of non-consolidated figures for domestic companies in each group.
3. Figures are presented exclusive of the Good Results Return premiums of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance’s proprietary “ModoRich” automobile insurance product, which contains a special clause for premium adjustment and refund at maturity (same hereinafter).
203.1
173.0
128.3 133.9
127.4
76.8
-16.9 -12.7 -44.6
FY2017 FY2018
       Company B Group
No. 1 share in all lines of
business in Japan
MS&AD 33%
28%
■ MS&AD ■ Company A Group ■ Company B Group
(¥ billion) 250
200
150
125.6
  2, 3
100
50
0
-50
118.0 75.7
   018
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
The insurance group most chosen by custom
Company A Group
FY2015 FY2016
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company
* Figures for MS&AD are the simple sum of the non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI; For the others, the simple sum of the non-consolidated group figures excluding the direct insurance companies of each group
$49,610

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section Overview of MS&AD
Domestic Life Insurance Business
No. 9 in premiums income among domestic life insurance companies/groups
Domestic life insurance companies/groups’ premiums and others ranking (FY2018)
Net income of life insurance companies under three non-life insurance groups
No. 1
Net income among life insurance companies under non-life insurance groups
31.2 27.3
15.3
FY2018
Company C Group Company D Group Company E Company F Company G Group Company H Group Company I Company J Group MS&AD Group Company K
5.83
■ MS&AD ■ Company L ■ Company M 34.4
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company
*Figures for “Group” are calculated based on the non-consolidated sums of each group company
International Business
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company
4.37 3.95
2.77 2.47
2.44 2.12
1.67
1.59
1.43
25.2
(¥ trillion)
(¥ billion)
40
30
23.9
20
10
0
No. 9 among
28 companies
and groups
14.7 11.6
FY2015
8.7 8.3
FY2016
15.5 8.1
FY2017
No. 1 in gross written premiums (non-life) in the ASEAN region
With global business expansion to 48 countries and regions1, especially in Asia, and as the world’s only global non-life insurance group with a presence in all 10 ASEAN countries, the Group maintains the No. 1 presence for gross written premiums in the ASEAN region.
1. Excludes SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) in the Cayman Islands (as of April 1, 2019)
Positioning in the non-life insurance market in ASEAN and Asian countries (FY2017)
FY2017 Gross Written Premiums Ranking in ASEAN Countries
As the Group's U.K.-based insurance holding company, MS Amlin is a principal player as a managing agent2 with Lloyd's of London3, the world's most-influential insurance market, where it is ranked second with respect to gross written premiums
2, 3 See Terminology P. 92
No. 2 Lloyd’s syndicate Gross among 57
Written Premiums ranking companies in Lloyd's Insurance Market
No. 1 MS&AD No. 2
Company N No. 3
South Korea 4th2 2nd2
Company O
(£ billion)
2.5
2.3
No. 1
in gross written premiums in
the ASEAN region
PR China
Company P
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
Company Q
Company R
Company S
Company T
Company U
Company V
Company W
Company X
Source: Lloyd’s Annual Report 2018
Based on gross written premiums for FY2018
2.0 1.7
1.7 1.6
1.5
1.5 1.3 1.3
Myanmar Laos 5th3
Macau
Vietnam 15th Cambodia 3rd
ASEAN Countries
an equity-method affiliate in August 2018.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 019
Taiwan 5th Hong Kong 12th
India 6th2
Thailand 5th
Sri Lanka 2nd4
Singapore
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced corporate information from each country and region (reinsurance companies excluded)
1. Simple sum ranking for FY2017 results with First Capital
2. Ranking for foreign-based insurance companies
3. Because data for FY2017 was not publicly available, the FY2016 ranking for
Laos is shown
4. Ceylinco Insurance PLC included in the Company's scope of consolidation as
Malaysia Brunei
1st1
Indonesia
2nd
Philippines 4th
12th

 Group History
Past experience and lessons are the seeds of the future
  Expertise and trustworthiness supported
by 126 long years of history and experience
● Greatest accumulation of risk related data in Japan and the ASEAN region
● Expertise and data acquired through experience with the large natural disasters to date
Robust customer and marketing base founded on long-term relationship building
● Partnerships with leading companies in other sectors, including the Toyota Group, the Nippon Life Group, the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
● Partnerships with insurance agents and insurance brokers supported by long-standing relationships of trust
     Shin Nihon Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
Mitsui Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (1991)
1934:
Started direct underwriting in Thailand as the first Japanese insurer
 Mitsui Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1943)
  Osaka Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1893)
Settsu Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1919)
Fuso Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1917)
(merged 1942)
Taisho Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1918)
(merged 1941)
(merged 1944)
Osaka Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. Osaka Fire, Marine & Transport Insurance Co., Ltd.
Osaka Sumitomo Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
Sumitomo
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (1954)
1976:
First in the industry to handle auto claims in an integrated manner for compulsory automobile liability insurance and automobile insurance
Osaka Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Settsu
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Fuso Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Toshin Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
Dai-Tokyo Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
Dai-Tokyo
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
(merged 1944)
Okura Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1945)
Chiyoda
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
1959:
Reinforced the relationship with Toyota Motor Corporation
Nissay General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Otaru Cargo Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1897)
Nisshin Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1911)
Naniwa Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1910)
Tokyo Movable Property Fire Insurance Company (established 1918)
Fukoku Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Okura Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
(merged 1943)
Nihon Kyoritsu Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1913)
Chitose Fire & Marine Reinsurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
     Yokohama Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1897)
Kyodo Fire & Marine Insurance (established 1906)
Kobe Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1907)
Asahi Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1918)
1975:
Leading the industry as a pioneer in space insurance, such as development of third-party liability insurance for artificial satellites for the launch of KIKU, Japan’s first satellite
Mitsui Mirai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Sumitomo Marine Yu-Yu Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Dai-tokyo Shiawase Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Chiyoda Kasai Ebisu Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1942)
Dowa Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
(established 1996)
  020 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
  CEO Message
 Who We Are
 Our Way
 Special Feature
 Our Platform
 Appendix Data Section
 Overview of MS&AD
   Network of trust built over a long history in the Asian region
● First Japanese non-life insurance company to start direct underwriting in Thailand, in 1934
● Operations have expanded along with growth in the ASEAN region, ultimately achieving the No. 1 position in the region in terms of scale
2000:
Established Lloyd’s syndicate as the first Japanese insurer
Mitsui Sumitomo
Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
2005:
Acquired Taiwan-based Mingtai Fire and Marine Insurance ranked No. 2 in the Taiwanese insurance industry
2004:
Acquired the whole Asian non-life insurance business of U.K.-based, Aviva (making us the largest in the ASEAN region)
2004:
Developed Pay As You Drive (PAYD) type auto insurance for Toyota cars
Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
2001:
Promoted the Life and Non-Life Comprehensive Insurance Strategy using the Nissay Insurance Account as a platform
Nissay Dowa
General Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd. (inaugurated 2000)
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Mitsui Sumitomo CitiInsurance Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (started 2002)
Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd. (2005)
110 years of experience and results in the Lloyd’s insurance market
● First Japanese non-life insurance company to enter the Lloyd’s insurance market in 2000
● Acquisition of Amlin, founded in 1903,1 at the Lloyd’s insurance market in 2016
   Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd., and Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.,
became subsidiaries of MSIGHD.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. established in 2008
       MS&AD Insurance Group launched
in 2010
     2013:
Started reorganization by function
2017:
Invested in ReAssure, U.K.-based closed book2 life insurance business
     MS&AD
Insurance Group Holdings
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa
Insurance Co., Ltd. (inaugurated 2010)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life
Insurance Co., Ltd. (inaugurated 2011)
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life
Insurance Co., Ltd. (name changed in 2011)
2017:
Capital participation in Challenger, the largest provider of individual annuity insurance in Australia
         2016:
Acquired U.K.-based Amlin, ranked No. 2 at the Lloyd’s insurance market
2015:
Acquired U.K.-based Box Innovation Group, a leading telematics automobile insurer
2017:
Acquired First Capital, ranked No. 1 in Singapore
                        2018: Launched first driving behavior-based telematics auto insurance for Toyota’s connected cars
                           1. See P. 116 for the history of Amlin (currently MS Amlin).
2. The closed book life insurance business is a type of life insurance whereby a company purchases
and acquires policies in force held by other life insurance companies instead of acquiring new policies on their own.
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 021

  Key Management Indicators and Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
  Consolidated financial data (¥ million)
Per share data (yen)
Stock price‒related data
Capital management policy data (¥ million)
Non-financial data
FY2010 FY2011 FY2012 FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017
Ordinary income
Net premiums written
[Net premiums written]1
Insurance claims paid (non-life + life) Ordinary profit/(loss)
Net income attributable to owners of the parent2 Comprehensive income/(loss)
Net assets
Total assets
Consolidated solvency margin ratio3 Equity ratio
Return on equity (ROE)
Combined ratio4 (domestic non-life insurance) Group Core Profit5/Group Adjusted Profit6 Group ROE7/Group Adjusted ROE8
Net income per share (basic)9
Net income per share (diluted)10
Group Core Profit/(loss) per share/ Group Adjusted Profit11
Dividend per share (DPS) Net assets per share (BPS)
Year-end market price (closing price) (yen) Price-earnings ratio (PER)12 (times) Price-to-book ratio (PBR)12 (times) Dividend yield12
Annual total shareholder return (TSR)13 Stock price volatility (annual rate)14
Total dividends
Dividend payout ratio (consolidated) Aggregate amount of repurchase15 [Average repurchase price]16 (yen) Shareholder return ratio17
Customer satisfaction
(accident response for automobile insurance)18
Number of employees
(of which consolidated overseas subsidiaries)
Number of female managers19 (domestic)
Number of employees participating in social contribution activities (domestic)
CO2 emissions (Scope 1 + 2)20 Paper consumption (domestic)
A checkmark indicates that FY2018 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
3,404,942
21,005
5,420
(189,373)
1,663,381
11,445,003
14.11%
0.37%
102.9%
14,500
0.8%
8.68
23.27
54.00
2,597.19
106,985 t-CO2
1,894
218.06
0.73
2.9%
(24.9%)
32.3%
33,583
622.1%
9,999
[2,012]
300.2%
36,538
5,621
21,680 t
-
-
-
-
-
3,764,986
2,133,440
(96,211)
(169,469)
(88,136)
1,512,134
14,537,204
553.8%
10.27%
(10.91%)
116.4%
(87,500)
(5.6%)
(272.49)
(140.82)
54.00
2,400.48
1,699
0.71
3.2%
(7.4%)
26.6%
33,582
36,929
5,772
98,961 t-CO2
16,445 t
-
-
-
0
-
-
-
-
-
4,315,787
150,300
83,625
543,938
2,021,625
15,914,663
738.8%
12.56%
4.79%
105.1%
87,400
5.0%
134.46
140.56
54.00
3,215.33
114,246 t-CO2
2,066
15.36
0.64
2.6%
24.8%
35.8%
33,582
40.2%
4,996
[2,565]
44.1%
89.3%
36,643
6,003
14,445 t
-
245
16,142
4,362,754
2,025,545
190,259
93,451
322,865
2,285,832
16,878,148
772.5%
13.39%
4.42%
98.2%
94,800
4.5%
150.58
152.79
56.00
3,646.22
2,364
15.70
0.65
2.4%
17.1%
39.0%
34,715
37.2%
9,997
[2,523]
47.2%
89.4%
37,055
6,228
-
296
11,373
111,818 t-CO2
16,036 t
4,689,658
1,996,675
287,061
136,247
807,972
3,036,663
18,788,046
803.9%
16.00%
5.18%
96.0%
155,700
5.9%
221.34
252.99
65.00
4,911.40
3,370
15.23
0.69
1.9%
45.3%
25.3%
39,900
29.4%
29,992
[3,373]
44.9%
89.1%
38,358
123,567 t-CO2
6,448
13,283 t
-
377
15,124
2,023,599
291,578
181,516
(233,116)
2,725,274
20,303,649
743.3%
13.29%
6.36%
91.6%
147,500
5.2%
298.72
242.83
90.00
4,469.58
3,136
10.50
0.70
2.9%
(4.9%)
41.0%
54,447
30.1%
19,996
[3,044]
50.4%
95.5%
40,617
8,573
-
449
16,507
119,953 t-CO2
13,940 t
5,335,239
2,162,773
352,612
210,447
114,294
2,734,432
21,234,300
872.6%
12.76%
7.78%
92.6%
213,700
7.9%
350.94
350.90
356.39
120.00
4,572.82
3,540
10.09
0.77
3.4%
16.7%
36.9%
71,489
34.2%
29,938
[3,738]
47.7%
95.6%
40,641
8,759
551
19,861
120,930 t-CO2
13,005 t
2,311,295
211,548
154,057
311,096
2,968,387
22,472,927
819.3%
13.09%
5.45%
92.8%
105,100
3.7%
 260.04
259.98
177.47
130.00
4,964.64
 3,355
12.90
0.68
3.9%
(1.6%)
19.7%
 77,014
50.0%
29,981
[3,440]
101.8%
 96.0%
41,295
9,184
613
20,022
104,669 t-CO2
11,085 t
 022 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
2,543,786
[2,541,400]
1,646,851
2,555,551
[2,558,844]
2,639,015
[2,639,419]
1,961,399
2,811,611
[2,809,581]
2,939,113
[2,940,756]
5,013,038
3,078,732
[3,078,995]
3,407,389
[3,406,966]
5,217,835
3,440,976
[3,446,940]
                                                   
       CEO Message
Who We Are
Overview of MS&AD
Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
FY2018
 TSR for the Last Five Years
  220
200
180
160
140
120
100
MS&AD
TOPIX
TOPIX Insurance Sector Index
 5,500,438
3,497,572 [3,500,403] 2,528,145
290,847 192,705 (79,701)
2,778,047 23,132,539 807.3% 11.89% 6.77%
             99.4% 80
  189,800 6.1%
328.72 328.60
2014/3/31
MS&AD
TOPIX
2015/3/31
4.6% 2.8%
(5.0%) 10.0%
2016/3/31
[2.8%] 19.9%
[4.9%] 25.7%
[1.8%] 34.5%
2017/3/31
[6.2%] 1 4 . 2 %
[7.9%] 1 1 . 8 %
[10.4%] 1 4 . 0 %
2018/3/31
[3.4%] 65.6%
[2.8%] 49.1%
[3.3%] 64.4%
2019/3/31
[10.6%]
[8.3%]
[10.5%]
 Past 1 Year
Past 2 Years
Past 3 Years
Past 4 Years
Past 5 Years
        323.87 TOPIX Insurance Sector Index
(0.2%)
3.6%
  140.00 4,712.11
Notes:
 1. The graph above shows the profit margin where an investment is made at the end of March 2014, taking into consideration dividends and share prices as of the end of March 2019. The MS&AD chart indexes the investment results, with dividends added to the share price (assuming no reinvestment of the dividends) with the investment amount at the end of March 2014 set as 100. Similarly, the indices compared use both the TOPIX and the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s industry-specific index (insurance industry), with the data incorporating dividends.
   3,370 2. 10.25 3.
The table above shows the investment return (including dividends) as of the end of March 2019 for investments from one year earlier (end of March 2018) to five years earlier (end of March 2014).
The values within brackets [ ] from two years earlier to five years earlier show the average annual return, annualized by taking the geometric mean of the investment return for the relevant period.
  0.72 Source: Calculated by MS&AD Holdings based on data from Bloomberg
  4.2%
4.6% 16.7%
81,720
42.6%
upper 32,000 ( limit)
― (plan) 60.0%
96.6% 41,467 8,958 782 23,601 97,405 t-CO2 10,545 t
1. Figures are presented exclusive of the Good Results Return premiums of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance’s proprietary automobile insurance product “ModoRich,” which contains a special clause for premium adjustment and refund at maturity.
2. The net income or net loss attributable to the parent company shareholder is disclosed.
3. Consolidated solvency margin ratios have been calculated for years beginning from FY2011 reflecting the revision of the Insurance Business Act, etc.
4. Combined ratio figures (domestic non-life insurance) are based on the simple sums of the non-consolidated figures for MSI, ADI and Mitsui Direct General. For FY2010, however, combined ratio figures are based on the simple sums of the non-consolidated figures for MSI, Aioi, NDI and Mitsui Direct General. Moreover, for FY2018, combined ratio figures are based on the simple sums of the non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI.
5. Group Core Profit = Consolidated net income ‒ Net capital gains/losses on stock portfolio (gains/losses on sales, etc.) ‒ Net evaluation gains/losses on credit derivatives ‒ Other incidental factors + Equity in earnings of the non-consolidated Group companies (prior to FY2017)
6. Group Adjusted Profit = Consolidated net income + provision for catastrophe loss reserve and others ‒ other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets, etc.) + equity in earnings of the non-consolidated group companies (FY2018)
7. Group ROE = Group Core Profit ÷ Consolidated total net assets (average of beginning and ending amounts excluding stock acquisition rights and non-controlling interest) (prior to FY2017)
8. Group Adjusted ROE = Group Adjusted Profit ÷ average of beginning and ending amounts on the B/S of adjusted net assets (consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserve and others ‒ goodwill and other intangible fixed assets) (FY2018)
9. Net income/(loss) per share (EPS) disclosed.
10. Net income per share (EPS) and Diluted EPS disclosed. Diluted net income/(loss) per share data prior to FY2015 is not disclosed because there was no potential dilution during that period.
11. Group Core Profit/(Loss) per share (prior to FY2017) or Group Adjusted Profit/(Loss) per share (FY2018)
12. Stock price‒related indicators are based on the market price of the stock at the end of the fiscal year.
13. Total shareholders’ return is calculated as follows: (fiscal year-end stock price ‒ previous fiscal year-end stock price + annual dividends) ÷ previous fiscal year-end stock price
14. Stock price volatility is the annualized standard deviation of returns based on daily closing prices.
15. The aggregate amount of repurchase for FY2018 was ¥32.0 billion (upper limit); the acquisition period is from May 21, 2019, to September 20, 2019 (resolved at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 20, 2019)
16. Because share buybacks were not completed, the average repurchase price in FY2018 is not disclosed.
17. Shareholder return ratio = (dividends applicable to the fiscal year (paid in December of that year and June of the following year) + value of share repurchases during the period through the time of the general shareholders’ meeting in the following fiscal year) ÷ Group Core Profit for the fiscal year (from FY2018: Group Adjusted Profit)
18. Ratio of customers satisfied with accident response for automobile insurance (MSI and ADI). From FY2015, the client survey was modified from five stages to four stages.
19. Number of female managers in positions of section manager or higher. (Figures are for April 1 of the subsequent fiscal year.)
20. During the period from FY2010 to FY2016, CO2 emissions resulting from tenant use of rental properties were included in Scope 1 + 2. Moreover, emissions for FY2010 to FY2015 were calculated prior to the purchase of MS Amlin, etc., so do not include emissions from these companies.
                   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 023

  Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Reviewing the Previous Medium-Term Management Plans since the Group’s Founding
New Frontier 2013 (FY2010‒FY2013)
The MS&AD Insurance Group, founded with the Mission of“contributing to the development of a vibrant society and helping secure a sound future for the planet”
   General Overview Under “New Frontier 2013,” we steadily undertook initiatives geared toward returning the domestic non-life insurance business to profitability, which had presented the biggest challenge, and moved forward in securing financial soundness. In addition, we made progress with Group business integration, including the building of common platform systems for the domestic non-life insurance business, and we clarified the shape of Group business integration as a result of reorganization by function in 2013.
Numerical Management Targets
Group ROE
Consolidated Net Premiums Written Annualized Premiums of Policies in Force (life insurance)*
*Figures for MSI Aioi Life (excluding group insurance). The figure for FY2010 is the total for MSI Kirameki Life and Aioi Life.
Buffeted by large-scale natural catastrophes, including the Great East Japan Earthquake and floods in Thailand in 2011, the Group Core Profit target for the final year was revised downward.
Furthermore, due to large-scale insurance payments on account of record-breaking snowfall in the Kanto Koshinetsu region in February 2014, the Company ended up missing its targets for Group Core Profit and Group ROE.
(¥ billion)
     Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business   Domestic Life Insurance Business   International Business
  Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business
FY2010 FY2011 FY2012 Results Results Results
14.5 (87.5) 87.4
2,541.4
6.5
1.9
0.8%
278.0
19.7
(5.6%)
2,558.8
0.7
294.7
61.9
2,639.4
2.0
5.0%
317.4
2,809.5
4.4
4.5%
333.5
FY2013
 Results Initial targets Revised targets
 Group Core Profit
94.8 150.0 110.0
 4.1
1.8
4.3
(112.3)
9.8
13.5
47.8
24.4
18.0
100.0
15.0
30.0
2,700.0
5.0
7%
330.0
60.0
15.0
30.0
2,700.0
5.0
7%
330.0
             Sales target of strategic equity holdings
  FY2011‒FY2013 (three years)
Plan Actual Achievement ratio
¥300.0 billion ¥376.4 billion 125.5%
  Next Challenge 2017 (FY2014‒FY2017)
Advance Group integration based on a story of value creation that realizes the Group’s Mission
  General Overview Under “Next Challenge 2017,” we made progress
in reorganization by function, while restoring profitability in the domestic non-life insurance business and putting in place a stable earnings foundation. We also realized capital efficiency and diversified the business portfolio by positioning ERM as the foundation of management, promoting the sales of strategic equity holdings and investing in overseas businesses.
Numerical Management Targets
Group ROE1
Consolidated Net Premiums Written Combined Ratio (Domestic Non-Life Insurance) Increase in EV2 of MSI Aioi Life
In 2017, we missed our Group Core Profit and Group ROE targets on account of a decline in international business profits due to multiple large-scale natural catastrophes that occurred around the world (including hurricanes in North America). In contrast, the domestic non-life insurance business set a profit record and formed the foundation of the Group’s stable earnings. In addition, the Group’s ESR was maintained at roughly the target level, and the establishment of financial soundness was confirmed.
(¥ billion)
     Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business   Domestic Life Insurance Business   International Business
  Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business
FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 Results Results Results
92.4
20.4
38.2
4.6
5.9%
2,940.7
96.0%
59.7
91.9
25.0
27.9
2.6
5.2%
3,078.9
91.6%
(52.0)
153.3
25.1
34.6
3,406.9
0.5
7.9%
92.6%
198.4
FY2017
Results Initial targets Revised targets3
  Group Core Profit
155.7 147.5 213.7
105.0 160.0 220.0
190.1
34.3
(125.0)
3,446.9
5.6
3.7%
92.8%
41.3
100.0
16.0
39.0
6.0
7.0%
3,100.0
95% or less
more than 4.5
135.0
15.0
66.0
3,570.0
93% range
more than 5.0
5.0
7.5%
             1. The definitions for Adjusted Profit and Adjusted ROE identified as numerical management targets have been revised under the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021.” See P. 28 for FY2017 actual data under the new definitions.
2. “EV” stands for embedded value. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 90) for details.) 3. FY2017 numerical management targets are revised higher from the initial FY2016 targets.
Sales target of strategic equity holdings
Actual sales to FY2016 Actual sales in FY2017 Period total
¥405.1 billion ¥151.3 billion ¥556.6 billion
*In November 2015, the sales target was raised from ¥300 billion to ¥500 billion.
Sales target*
Achievement ratio
 ¥500 billion
111.3%
 024 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
By executing New Frontier 2013 and Next Challenge 2017, we reached the point where we could see before us the realization of a“world-leading insurance and financial services group,”which we had adopted as an aspiration for the medium term. In formulating Vision 2021, we identified those results and issues to be further strengthened. In FY2018, we continue to maintain those results, and our efforts to address issues are ongoing.
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
        Achievement 1
Establishment of Financial Soundness
We are steadily raising ESR, and even if a large-scale natural catastrophe such as those in FY2017 and FY2018 was to occur, the target level for financial soundness has been secured.
Achievement 2
Solidification of the Earning Power of the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
On a basis that excludes the impact of natural catastrophes, we stably achieved a combined ratio of 95% or less.
Achievement 3
Promotion of ERM
We ensured financial soundness, improved profitability and put in place a Group management foundation that realizes capital efficiency.
Achievement 4
Completion of Reorganization by Function
Domestic non-life insurance companies reduced their business expenses by around ¥60.0 billion, which exceeded the original target, and concurrently achieved growth and improved efficiency.
ESR1
(%) 250
200
157 150 144140
Underwriting Profit and Combined Ratio
“Vision 2021” target levels: 180%‒220%
2112
Underwriting profit (before reflecting catastrophe reserves)
W/P combined ratio
E/I combined ratio
203.1
  201 195 200
183 181 196 150
100
50
0
-50
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (Fiscal -100
year-end)
1. ESR: Economic Solvency Ratio = Capital (net asset value) ÷ Integrated risk amount
2. We achieved a more sophisticated method for calculating ESR from FY2018.
96.6
125.6
133.9 100.6 105 94.1 99.4
100
-44.9 -39.1 -329.5
-16.9
75
199
(¥ billion)
250
115.8 103.6
102.9
-83.7
116.4 105.1
101.0 102.1
(%) 115
   98.2 60.1
93.4 92.6
91.6 91.4 92.8 92.9*
95 85
96.0
    2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) *Combined ratio revised in initial forecasts with the full-year forecast for
      Ongoing Tasks 1
Diversify Portfolio
Geographical diversification from domestic to overseas, investment to diversify business from the non-life insurance business to the life insurance business
Ongoing tasks to achieve the targeted international business profit ratio of 50%
domestic natural disasters
Ongoing Tasks 2
Enhance Our Ability to Respond to Environmental Changes
Adoption of new technologies, the conducting
of all kinds of demonstration experiments and research through industry-academia cooperation, etc., to respond to the digital society
Ongoing tasks toward further quality and productivity improvements
Ongoing Tasks 3
Improve Capital Efficiency
ROE rose to approximately 8% in FY2016 but suffered a decline in FY2017 and FY2018 due to the occurrence
of large-scale natural catastrophes Ongoing tasks toward the targeted 10% level
  1 Harmony with society 4 Improve responsiveness
to changes in the environment
2 Improve capital efficiency vis-à-vis global competitors
3 Reform the business portfolio
6 Maintain and expand the domestic non-life insurance business’advantages in scale and profitability
Issues clarified in the formulation of Vision 2021
5
Harness diversity better as a Group strength
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 025

  Risks and Opportunities
 In light of the continuously changing business environment, the Group periodically reviews the risks and opportunities that emerge from these changes and reflects these within concrete business developments and initiatives.
Recognition of the Business Environment
Society
● Increase in natural disasters such as wind and flood damage and major earthquakes
● Expansion of international and ethnic conflicts
● Advances in the “sharing economy”
● Expansion and consolidation of disparities such as that between poverty and wealth
● Acceleration of movements toward realizing Society 5.0
● Population growth and expansion of the middle
class in emerging countries
● Aging populations around the world
● Transition to a carbon-free economy
● Acceleration of initiatives toward next-generation mobility
● Economic expansion and its recoil associated with the Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics
Politics
● Change in regulatory environments inside and outside Japan (stricter capital regulations, consumption tax hike and revisions to the Civil Code in Japan)
● Rise of protectionism and populism
● Expansion of political conflicts and trade disputes
● Britain’s exit from the European Union (Brexit) and economic stagnation in the Eurozone
● Emergence of large numbers of migrants and refugees due to political instability
Economy
● A global economy driven by emerging countries
● Waning of free trade and the rise of protectionism
● Expansion of investments and funding that prioritizes ESG
● Decrease in car sales and the number of vehicles owned and housing construction in Japan due to the shrinking population
● Increase in foreign visitors to Japan and the globalization of regional cities
Technology
● Cybersecurity threats (data leaks and infrastructure failures)
● Advances in new automobile technologies (e.g., automatic braking, autonomous driving)
● Advances in regenerative medical technologies
● Greater use of genetic testing
● Progress of clean energy technologies
● Use of Big Data and advances in AI technology
● Advances in welfare and nursing care robots
  Issues: Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
Risks Opportunities
  ● Changes in the nature of existing businesses (e.g., conventional automobile insurance), possibility of contraction
● Increase in insurance claims due to frequent, large-scale natural catastrophes
● Emergence of new risks due to the greater use of IoT and the post-digital era
● Construction of new business models (e.g., telematics insurance, InsurTech)
● Market developments along new sales channels
● Development of new insurance schemes to compensate for losses caused by large-scale natural catastrophes
● Creation of new markets from the emergence of new risks (e.g., drones, cyber, sharing)
● Risk management and product development stemming from the use of Big Data
  Issues: The global environment approaching its limit
Risks Opportunities
  ● Erosion of the business environment foundation due to the depletion of natural capital
● Shifts in lifestyles and industrial structures associated with the transition to a carbon-free society
● Growing needs for evaluation and analysis of climate change and natural capital risk
● Flourishing growth in ESG investment and lending, such as Green Bonds
● Needs for new insurance arising from growth in new businesses related to decarbonization and resource efficiency
  Issues: Mounting burden of nursing/medical care associated with an aging population
Risks Opportunities
  ● Slowing growth coinciding with the maturation of domestic insurance markets
● Increase in automobile accidents caused by elderly drivers
● Reconsideration of solicitation methods as policyholders age
● Emergence of new risks associated with advanced medical care
● Increase in the need for asset-building and asset-inheritance devices for a super-aging society
● Expansion in the demand for services related to nursing care and dementia
● Greater awareness of health promotion and disease prevention
● Greater medical coverage due to changes in the social security system and advances in medical technology
   Issues: Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
Risks Opportunities
  ● Slowing growth and expanding inequality in emerging markets due to geopolitical risks
● Contraction in rural markets due to regional depopulation in Japan
● Greater damage caused by natural catastrophes and delayed recovery efforts
● Stronger demand for insurance due to a growing middle class under the assumption of robust development in emerging economies
● Stronger needs for services that support regional revitalization
● Greater awareness among local
governments related to preventing and reducing disasters
026 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
Overview of the Medium-Term Management Plan “Vision 2021”
Development of management based on CSV*:“Vision 2021”(FY2018‒FY2021)
Realizing Our Mission and promoting the sustainable growth of the Group through corporate activities that create shared value with society
“Vision 2021” stipulates the image for society that the Group aims to achieve in 2030 as a “resilient and sustainable society” and focuses on creating sharedvalue(CSVinitiatives),whichincludessevenkeyissuesthattheGroupisundertakingasameansofrealizingsucha society.Moreover,“Vision 2021” identifies our aspirations during the Medium-Term Plan and executes the strategies for achieving those. *CSV: Creating Shared Value
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
   Image of Society in 2030
“Resilient and sustainable society”
      Resilient
Able to respond to unforeseen circumstances within a drastically changing, uncertain society
Unforeseen event Rapid change
Sustainable
Win-win-win relationship in which the economy is not in a trade-off relationship with the environment and society
Creating Shared Value (CSV initiatives)
Deal with new risks
Create a safer mobility society
Strive for resilient community development Support“good health and longevity”
Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital Work toward the realization of“leaving no one behind”
Basic Strategies
By employing the Group’s resources to the maximum, we will realize sustainable growth and enhance corporate value.
We will pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths, one of which is diversity, and meet the expectations of customers and other stakeholders.
We will respond flexibly to changes in the environment and further improve quality and productivity.
Reform portfolio
P. 34
     Balance of economy, environment and society
Economy
    Society
Environment
   Aspirations during the Medium-Term Plan
Build a world-leading insurance and financial services group
Create resilient systems that can swiftly respond to changes in the environment
Within the top 10 non-life insurance groups in the world
Group Adjusted ROE 10%
ESR 180%‒220%
50% (profit basis) in other than the domestic non-life insurance business
Strategic equity holdings below 30% of the integrated risk amount and below 10% of consolidated total assets
Combined ratio in the domestic non-life insurance business stable at 95% or less
      Scale
Capital efficiency
Financial soundness
Portfolio diversity
Risk assets
Profitability
FY2018 Progress Status
5th
(FORTUNE GLOBAL 500 2019, P&C)
28.8% of integrated risk amount
10.9% of consolidated total assets
6.1%
199%
40%
99.4%
Medium-term aspirations (FY2021 Targets) “World-leading insurance and financial
services group”
   Three Key Strategies
      Pursue the Group’
comprehensive strengths
P. 30
Promote digitalization
P. 32
s
s
    Quality that earns the trust of society P. 74
Management platforms that enable employees to play active roles P. 70
Basic Strategies
ERM P. 36
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 027
 
   Progress in the Medium-Term Management Plan“Vision 2021”
 Vision 2021 (FY2018‒FY2021)
Numerical Management Targets
Numerical management targets involve formulating both numerical financial targets and non-financial indicators.
Fiscal 2018 Group Adjusted Profit fell below the initial forecast by ¥80.2 billion due to the occurrence of numerous natural catastrophes both in Japan and overseas as well as a delayed recovery in international business earnings. In fiscal 2019, we expect Group Adjusted Profit to fall belowourinitialtarget by¥10billionto¥263billiononagroup-wide
Financial Targets
basis, due to a delay in profit recovery at MS Amlin in the international business caused mainly by changes in the local regulatory environment, although the profit for the domestic non-life insurance and domestic life insurance businesses is expected to exceed the initial target. The entire Group will work to further enhance profitability in order to achieve the final fiscal 2021 target.
 (¥ billion)
     Group Adjusted Profit
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings)
Domestic Life Insurance Business International Business
Financial Services Business/ Risk-Related Services Business
Group Adjusted ROE
ESR (Economic Solvency Ratio)
FY2017 Results (Converted to new standards)
201.0
287.8 (202.4)
32.6
(125.0)
5.6 6.4%
3,446.9
1,508.1
835.5
211%
FY2018
189.8
146.9 (65.1)
31.6
5.4
5.8 6.1%
3,500.4
1,599.9
819.4
199%
Forecast
Targets
263.0
186.0 (150.0)
29.0
42.0
6.0 8.7%
3,524.0
1,525.0
927.0
FY2019
FY2021 Targets
 -
273.0
174.0 (139.0)
28.0
66.0
5.0 8.3%
3,530.0
1,540.0
970.0
350.0
182.0 (142.0)
45.0
117.0
6.0 10.0%
 -
180%-220%
     Consolidated net premiums written
Life insurance premiums (Gross premiums)
EEV of MSI Aioi Life
Sales Target of Strategic Equity Holdings
3,710.0 1,600.0 1,050.0
       Total sales target (FY2017‒FY2021)
Risk weight to integrated risk amount (before the risk diversification effect)
Fair value weight in consolidated total assets
 ¥500.0 billion Less than 30% Less than 10%
   Non-Financial Indicators
Development and improvement of products for creating shared value with society
Key related SDGs
Customer satisfaction survey about insurance contract procedures
Customer satisfaction survey about payment of insurance claims
CO2 emission reduction rate
Total energy consumption
Paper consumption
A checkmark
indicates that FY2018 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
For the seven key issues (P. 54), decide on four methods of approach and periodically ascertain progress qualitatively.
    Indicator
Creating Shared Value with Society (CSV initiatives)
   Four Provision of products and services methods of
approach Research and policy recommendations
Investments and financing Contributions to society
    Quality that earns the trust of society
  Indicators Fiscal 2018 (related pages) Achievements
Group Targets for Fiscal 2019 Onward
  Quality improvement (P. 43, P. 74)
 Reduction of the environmental burden (P. 43)
97.1%
96.6%
   -13.3%
987,452 GJ (-30.3%)
10,545 t (-4.9%)
 Management platforms
that enable employees to play active roles
 Indicators Fiscal 2018 Group Targets for (related pages) Achievements Fiscal 2019 Onward
  Diversity & inclusion (P. 43, PP. 71‒72)
   The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% by 2020 and by 70% by 2050 versus the base year (fiscal 2009)
Lower than the previous fiscal year
Share of management positions
occupied by women (domestic)
Employee satisfaction
(“working vigorously”)
Key monitoring indicators other than sustainability KPIs ● Number and ratio of global employees (P. 43)
● Ratio of employees with disabilities (P. 72)
12.4% 4.3 points
15% (FY2020)
 The same level or higher compared withthepreviousfiscalyear
      Employee satisfaction “Pride, job satisfaction”
The number of
annual paid holidays taken
Ratio of taking fully paid paternity leave
Number of employees participating in social contribution activities
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
       028 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Fiscal 2018 Achievements
● Special Feature (PP. 54‒63)
● MS&AD Sustainability Report 2019
Group Targets for Fiscal 2019 Onward
  Health management (P. 72)
 4.4 points
15.6 days
23,601 people
63.9%

   CEO Message Who We Are
 Our Way
 Special Feature
 Our Platform
 Appendix Data Section
 MS&AD’s Strategy
 Specific Examples of Creating Shared Value with Society (CSV initiatives)
We calculated the economic impact on the Company and the impact on society from our CSV initiatives. As we bring our story of value creation to fruition, the impact on society involves cases of both directly providing economic support through insurance payments and mitigating socioeconomic loss, as well as indirectly preserving social value.
【Business Model of Story of Value Creation】
Identify and inform on risks Prevent risks from occurring/ Reduce the economic burden minimize the impact
        Examples of Initiatives
Deal with new risks
Products to address cyber risk
【Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance】
For example, we estimate that the damage from 100,000 cases of personal information leaks would reach up to ¥172,700,000. We offer security countermeasures through various risk management services to prevent such losses along with providing compensation if damage from the risk is incurred.
Create a safer mobility society
Safe driving support services that use telematics technology
【Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance】
We provide automobile insurance targeting companies that use vehicles for business as well as support for safe driving initiatives that use telematics technology.
Strive for resilient community development
Earthquake insurance
【Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance】
Paired with fire insurance, we compensate damage to buildings and family belongings burned, broken, buried or washed away due to earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or tsunami.
Support“good health and longevity”
Insurance responsive to various cancer treatment methods
【Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance】
In addition to providing insurance plans, we proactively hold seminars that convey to customers proper awareness and preventive measures for such conditions as cancer, stroke and dementia.
Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation
Comprehensive Coverage Plan for Mega-Solar Power Generation
【Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance】
We provide coverage that combines insurance plans with derivatives to address the risks faced by megasolar operators that operate large-scale solar power plants.
Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
Simplified evaluations of water-related risks
【MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting】
We evaluate water-related risks that include flooding and drought in areas surrounding business locations in Japan and abroad for companies that use large amounts of water resources in their business activities. These evaluations are used for management strategy proposals and initiatives.
Work toward the realization of“leaving no one behind”
Dementia“Kobe Model”
【Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance】
Economic Impact on the Company
FY2017‒FY2018 policy growth rate
+9.0% YoY
No. of
corporate customers
Approximately 1,400
No. of policies in FY2018
Approximately 3,363,000
No. of
new policies in FY20185
Approximately 213,000
No. of
new policies in FY2018
Approximately 4,600
No. of evaluated facilities
244
Premiums income three-year total (estimate)8
Approximately
¥390
Impact on Society
Companies/organizations protected against cyber risks2
Approximately 9,700
Reduction rate of claims paid for said corporate customers3
36.5%
Ratio of total policies nationwide in FY20184
36.1%
No. of individuals attending seminars that provide information on life/medical treatment
14,147
Power generation volume under the Comprehensive Coverage Plan for Mega-Solar Power Generation (volume equivalent to CO2 emitted from thermal power)6
More than
1,690,000 tons
Ratio of facilities where water shortage risks are high7
40.7%
No. of Kobe residents who have applied for dementia screening9
              The “Kobe Model” is a three-pronged scheme consisting of (1) accident relief (insurance), (2) program diffusion (encouraging early dementia screening) and (3) accident prevention (GPS services by security company) provided through an accident relief program linked to Kobe City’s dementia regulations.
million
8,598
1. This damage amount is result of simple estimates calculated based on assumptions
2. Total No. of policies written for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance “Cyber Protector” and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance “Cyber Security Insurance”
3. Comparison of claims paid before and after introducing Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance “Sasaeru NAVI” service
4. Source: General Insurance Rating Organization of Japan
5. Total No. of new policies in FY2018 that include Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance’s “&LIFE New Medical Insurance A Premier” and “&LIFE Cancer Insurance Smart”
6. Calculation based on national average power generation results from NEDO solar field test and the default value of the CO2 emission factor of electric power disclosed
by the Ministry of Environment’s Law Concerning the Promotion of the Measures to Cope with Global Warming
7. Ratio of facilities (evaluated 177 of 244 facilities) with a water stress value (ratio of water intake accounted by annual water supply volume) above 40%. In addition to a
water stress value, simple evaluation of water risk involves comprehensively analyzing water shortage risks by formulating forecasts based on the preservation status of
water sources (other than water stress value), climate change and population growth.
8. Approximate cost (FY2019‒FY2021) of the “Kobe Model” (accident relief program) at the “Third Meeting of the Kobe Dementia Patient-Friendly Urban Development
Promotion Committee” held on January 9, 2019.
9. No. of applicants from the start of the “Kobe Model” dementia program ( January 28, 2019) until May 31, 2019.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 029

   Vision 2021
Key Strategy 1
The MS&AD Insurance Group will enhance its competitiveness while responding to rapid changes in an uncertain environment by making the most of diversity as one of its strengths.
Fiscal 2018 saw steady progress in product developments led by two domestic non-life insurance companies, collaboration in the cyber security field utilizing the experience and capabilities of MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, and other similar initiatives. We will continue to strengthen cooperation within the group to achieve a greater level of quality and administrative efficiency.
Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
                     Strengthening cooperation, standardization and sharing
Increase the cross-selling* of life and non-life products
Jointly develop health and medical products and services
Share and enhance our asset management expertise, etc.
Domestic life insurance business
● Strengthen cooperation among the Group domestic life insurance companies
● Share of MSI Primary Life’s high-quality expertise in education and training, etc.
Domestic non-life insurance business
● Offer shared products and operating procedures
● Release a joint claims services system, etc.
Initiatives to pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths
Review the division of roles and strengthen cooperation
Centralize back-office operations, etc.
Review the division of roles and strengthen cooperation
Standardize and consolidate back-office operations
Jointly develop health and
medical products and services, etc.
Related business
*See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 90) for details.
                 Vision 2021 Progress Status: Steadily Making the Most of Our Comprehensive Strengths in Each Area
 Domestic non-life insurance business
Domestic life insurance business
Launch of “Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type),” developed jointly by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (January 2019)
Strengthen the collaboration between Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
  Initiatives for cybersecurity
Improving quality and administrative efficiency
Cooperating in the IT systems field
Major Collaborative Initiatives with Affiliated Companies and Their Results
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting and two domestic non-life insurance companies work in tight collaboration to address the group-wide issue of cybersecurity
Consolidate back-office operations for each group company within MS&AD Business Service Co., Ltd.,
thereby achieving a higher level of quality and efficiency for administrative tasks and help desk operations, etc.
MS&AD Systems Co, Ltd., two domestic non-life insurance companies and Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance cooperated to complete the transfer of the third-sector policies in force.*
   *Transfer of the third-sector policies in force: The transfer of long-term third-sector policies owned by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance to Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance.
030 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
 Expansion of Jointly Developed Products and Cross-Selling
Domestic non-life insurance business
Launch of“Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type)”(January 2019)
   The number of “Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type)1” policies, jointly developed by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, broke through the 100,000 policies mark in May 2019 and continues to progress steadily.
1. An automobile insurance policy that offers services where the insurance company is automatically notified using a transmitter-equipped dashcam when a collision is detected during an accident, for example, and where a dedicated help desk operator provides the customer with advice regarding the initial response after an accident.
Number of dashcams shipped2
Number of policies now exceeds 100,000 (May 2019)
   (thousands) 1,000
857 430
959
January to March 2018
  800
600
400
200
418
April to June 2017
Motives of those desiring to purchase dashcams (multiple responses)
    July to September
October to December
24.7% 7.4%
 2. Total number of commercial- and consumer-use dashcams
Source: “Actual Dashcam Shipments During Fiscal 2017” ( Japan Electronics
and Information Technology Industries Association)
(Based on an MS&AD survey (conducted in March 2018))
  “Cyber Risk Security MS&AD Platform”as a Group coordination system
  In response to the group-wide issue of cyber risk, two domestic non-life insurance companies and MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting cooperate in providing comprehensive services for corporate customers.
In addition, two domestic non-life insurance companies are enhancing sales of jointly developed products that address cyber risk and are steadily expanding policy sales.
Number of policies/direct premiums written*
Promoting sales of products for cyber risk
In preparation for the unlikely event of an accident
For the safety of drivers in the family, etc.
For the enjoyment of watching driving videos
98.7%
     Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
   Direct premiums written (left axis)
Number of policies (right axis)
   (¥ billion)
6.0 8.3
4.0 2.0
8.9
9.7
(thousands) 10.0
5.0
   00 2016 2017 2018
*Total of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Domestic life insurance business
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting
Providing risk diagnosis and risk consulting services for both internal and external risks
   Strengthen the collaboration between Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance, which sells protection-type products through the sales base of one of the largest domestic non-life insurance groups, and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance, which sells asset-building-type products through financial institution-affiliated agencies, are strengthening their collaboration among their strengths in sales capacity and product appeal, respectively. To address the diversifying needs of our customers against the backdrop of a super-aging society, we will work to further enhance the comprehensive strengths of the Group.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 031

   Vision 2021
Key Strategy 2
Given rapid advances in digital technology, we are now looking toward a period of transition in conventional
lifestyles and business models. With the CDO (Chief Digitalization Officer) playing a central role, the entire MS&AD
Insurance Group is working to promote“digitalization*”and connecting it to a transformation of our business model.
We aim to enhance the value of experience for customers when they contact individual Group companies and
improve the business productivity of the MS&AD Group at the same time.
*Promote Digitalization: An initiative to not only improve the efficiency and convenience of processes and services through digital technology but also lead the reform of the Group’s overall business.
CVC (MS&AD Ventures)
Investment in a variety of digital fields
Utilizing digital technologies within the Group
In October 2018, we commenced investment activities through our CVC, MS&AD Ventures Inc., in Silicon Valley in the United States. There are 20 start-up companies that we have invested in, given consideration to future strategy and based on the premise of financial returns, and in pursuit of strategic returns as well. Going forward, we will utilize these investment activities for
new products and services to enhance the value of the customer experience, such as raising the quality of claims services and efficiency in administration, among other initiatives.
Business alliances with the innovative organizations of Israel
In March 2019, we entered into a strategic alliance agreement and began collaboration with FinTLV Ventures and SOSA TLV LTD. The purpose of this partnership is to engage in research in the cybersecurity, health and medical, and other fields, with an eye toward practical application, based on the proof-of-concept trials conducted together with the overseas-based start-ups.
Through the discoveries generated by Israel-based cutting-edge start-up companies and the business alliance, we aim to provide state-of-the-art, innovative insurance products, services and expertise.
We will acquire the expertise needed to find solutions to issues, including environment creation, contract application and legal affairs that arise through the proof-of-concept trials conducted together with the overseas-based start-up companies.
Promote Digitalization
  Vision 2021 Progress
We are steadily moving forward on initiatives to tackle the issues raised in “Vision 2021”, our medium-term management plan, including investing in overseas ventures through corporate venture capital (CVC) toward building a foundation to promote digitalization, advancing business process innovation to enhance quality and streamline business tasks, developing automobile insurance that uses telematics technology known as “Connected Automobile Insurance” and other endeavors. We have been
recognized for these efforts and after becoming one of the 2018 Noteworthy IT Strategy Companies, we were selected as a 2019 Competitive IT Strategy Company, an honor that is jointly administered by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE).
   1
Adaptation to the digital society
In line with an evolving business environment, we are offering new products and services that leverage digital technologies and steadily constructing a foundation to promote innovation leading to the creation of a business model that generates social value.
Venture investments through CVC
     Start-ups
Cyber security
Actual investments (as of the end of May 2019):
20 companies
  Data / AI, IoT, Claim Automation, Climate, Mobility
New Business Models
                  AI / Fraud Detection /Operational Efficiency
InsurTech /New Infrastructure:
          Establish Global Digital Hubs (GDHs)
Seeking to nurture human assets who are proficient in the use of digital technologies, we established Global Digital Hubs in Tokyo and Singapore.
The main goals of putting these hubs in place are as follows.
        Collaboration fields
 Tokyo Singapore
To promote a cultural transformation where employees and agents can acquire digital skills.
To facilitate the rollout of digital businesses, primarily in the countries of ASEAN.
  Insurance-related areas, including cybersecurity, health and medical fields, MaaS
    Proof-of-concept trials
Overview
   032 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     MS&AD’s Strategy
 2
The advance of digitalization is reducing the volume of business tasks and eliminating structures that overlap with agents. Given this, we are moving forward on efforts to raise business productivity. In addition, by putting digital technologies to use and supporting the operating activities of agents we are working to enhance the value of the customer experience. Through these efforts, it becomes possible to promote the autonomy and independence of agents and to focus on the competitiveness of an insurance company (sales) and growth domains, thereby realizing further growth.
Improvement of quality and business efficiency
   Agents
Customer service
Booking, checking contract documents, dealing with errors
Inquiry responses, storage and settlements, others
Insurance companies (sales)
Support for agents’sales strategies Cultivating new markets
    Product lines supported online are gradually increasing, and we are reducing business task volume regarding the sales operations that take place between agents and insurance companies (sales).
We have uploaded 26,000 FAQs into our system to respond to customer queries, bolstering our abilities to respond with AI. In this way, we have significantly reduced the administrative burden placed on employees.
We are steadily progressing on efforts to consolidate sales activities, from Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (ADI) to Group-affiliated companies. Centralizing sales activities leads to reductions in administrative costs.
Digitalization of products and services
The range of products and services that rely on digital technologies, whether they be automobile insurance that uses telematics* technology or health management-type products and services provided over smartphones, are increasingly widespread. We will continue to move forward on the development of products and services that utilize digital technologies.
    3
CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
  Issues
Expand product lines subject to online support
Fully utilize AI for customer inquiries
Consolidate administrative tasks for sales operations
“Tough”Connected Automobile Insurance (Japan’s first Pay How You Drive‒type telematics automobile insurance)
“Tough” Connected Automobile Insurance, launched by Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance on April 1, 2018, is automobile insurance that utilizes cutting-edge telematics technology.
From post-accident insurance to insurance where accidents do not happen, together with agents and canvassers, we seek to contribute to the realization of a safe and secure car society without accidents.
Sales status
(April 2018‒March 2019)
Total 9,292 policies
In offering “incentive for safe driving (discount)” and “safe and secure service,” the product concept of preventing traffic accidents has earned high praise and was honored with the 2018 Good Design Award, which is sponsored by the Japan Institute of Design Promotion.
*Telematics: See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 94) for details.
Kokokara Diary
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance offer smartphone apps that facilitate corporate “health management” and “health enhancement” for employees. These apps make it possible to record health data such as stress measurements, number of steps taken and weight.
Status of efforts
         INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 033
 
   Vision 2021
Key Strategy 3
At present, our earnings structure is dependent on the domestic non-life insurance business, but we are working to transform it into one able to achieve stable profit growth through the geographic and business diversification of the international and life insurance businesses.
Moreover, the Group’s risk portfolio currently has a high ratio of risk in strategic equity holdings, which causes high exposure to fluctuations in share prices. We will continue reducing strategic equity holdings in a bid to transform into a more stable risk portfolio.
1
End of fiscal 2015*
(excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings) End of fiscal 2018
Reform Portfolio
   Reform our business portfolio (geographic and business diversification)
 5%
¥5.4 billion
29%
5% ¥5.8 billion
¥42 billion
19% 60% 13%
3% ¥6 billion
50% in other than the domestic non-life insurance business
      ¥31.6 billion
¥29 billion
¥65.1 billion
¥150 billion
(excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings)
End of fiscal 2019 (forecast) End of fiscal 2021 (goal)
■Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings)
■Domestic Life Insurance Business ■International Business ■Financial Services Business/Risk-Related Services Business *At the starting point of the portfolio reform
● We are expanding the domestic life insurance business by increasing the cross-selling of life and non-life insurance.
● While progress is somewhat slower than targeted in the Medium-Term Management Plan, we are promoting the expansion of our business by investing in new businesses, such as the international life insurance business, and striving to increase earnings in the existing international business.
● We are making progress in diversifying our product portfolio by improving the profitability of fire insurance and expanding operations in casualty insurance.
Status of FY2018 Initiatives
66%
  Medium-term goals
Future aspiration
Domestic non-life insurance
Goals
50% of profits to come from businesses other than the domestic non-life insurance business
50% of profits to come from the international business
Reform though diversification of our business portfolio, where more than half of profits at present are derived from automobile insurance
Progress in“Vision 2021”Initiatives
     MS Amlin’s measures for profit recovery
Due to the frequent natural catastrophes, FY2018's competitive market environment and tighter local regulations, our core international business, MS Amiln delayed profitability recovery, which resulted in the whole international business falling below the target. However, we are making steady progress in efforts to improve base profitability at MS Amlin.
● Substantially improving the non-cat lines loss ratio (improvement of 10.6pt in FY2018)
● Reducing costs by a cumulative £85million in FY2018‒FY2019
Expanding earnings in the domestic life insurance
business
Growth strategies for Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life
Insurance and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
We are working to bolster profitability by improving the sophistica- tion of asset management and by developing products that meet the increasingly diversified needs of customers with the advent of the super-aging society and changing lifestyles.
034 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Expanding profitability in the
international life insurance business
We are expanding globally, including in Malaysia, Indonesia, India, Australia, the United Kingdom and China (where our application has been submitted for approval). We are promoting the expansion of our business with a focus on improving profitability and diversifying our operating portfolio.
Diversifying the earnings structure in the domestic non-life insurance business
Improving earnings in fire insurance and
expanding casualty insurance
To further strengthen the earnings structure for the domestic non-life insurance business, we are transforming the product portfolio for the business by promoting measures aimed at achieving an expansion
in casualty insurance and improving earnings in the fire insurance business, with the goal of having these two businesses serve as earnings pillars exceeded in strength only by the automobile insurance business.
 Expanding earnings in the international
business
       
  CEO Message Who We Are
 Our Way
 Special Feature
 Our Platform
 Appendix Data Section
 2
■International Business
■Domestic Life Insurance Business (asset management) ■Domestic Life Insurance Business (underwriting) ■Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
 (asset management: other than strategic equity holdings) ■Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
 (asset management: strategic equity holdings) ■Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (underwriting)
Reform risk portfolio
Risk portfolio status
Ratio of strategic equity holdings (end of March 2018) Fair value weighting in
MS&AD’s Strategy
  Strategic Equity Holdings
End of March 2018
End of fiscal 2021 (goal)
     12%
10%
     33%
29%
Goal
Reduce strategic equity holdings: -Less than 10% of consolidated total assets-Less than 30% of the risk amount
(end of fiscal 2021)
Strengthen risk control based on the cycle management of natural catastrophe risks
Money trusts1 ¥1.5 trillion/6.7%
Cash, deposits and savings, etc. ¥1.9 trillion/8.4%
Others5
¥2.5 trillion/ 11.2%
Loans
¥0.9 trillion/ 3.9%
consolidated total assets 10.9%
Less than 10%
Status of“Vision 2021”Initiatives
● Steady progress in sales of strategic equity holdings, with the reduction target likely to be achieved during the period covered by the Medium-Term Management Plan
● Reduced domestic and overseas natural catastrophe risk and lowered risk of periodic profit fluctuations
      13%
 Integrated risk amount
61%
¥2.2 trillion
13%
8%
Integrated risk amount
62%
¥2.3 trillion
 7%
   16%
20%
  19%
19%
  End of March 2018
Asset allocation trends
Money trusts1 ¥1.0 trillion/4.6%
Cash, deposits and savings, etc. ¥1.7 trillion/8.0%
Others5
¥2.4 trillion/ 10.9%
Loans
¥0.8 trillion/ 4.0%
End of March 2019
    Total assets as of the end of
March 2018 ¥22.4 trillion
Bonds
¥5.8 trillion/25.8%
Stocks2
¥2.9 trillion/12.9%
Of which strategic equity holdings ¥2.8 trillion/12.7%
Total assets as of the end of
March 2019 ¥23.1 trillion
Bonds
¥5.7 trillion/24.9%
Stocks2
¥2.5 trillion/11.2%
Of which strategic equity holdings ¥2.5 trillion/10.9%
     Other
securities4
¥2.7 trillion/12.1%
Other
securities4
¥2.5 trillion/11.2%
Foreign securities3 ¥5.2 trillion/22.5%
    Foreign securities3 ¥4.8 trillion/21.7%
1. Mainly assets corresponding to the liabilities of the domestic life insurance companies
2. Mainly strategic equity holdings and shares held purely for investment purposes
3. Foreign securities held by domestic insurance companies and securities held by foreign insurance subsidiaries 4. Mainly special account assets of domestic life insurance companies
5. Mainly tangible fixed assets, intangible fixed assets and goodwill
Reducing strategic equity holdings
In FY2018, strategic equity holdings worth of ¥136.7 billion were sold, reaching about 57.6% of the target of ¥500.0 billion (FY2017-FY2021).
● Reduced strategic equity holdings weighting versus consolidated
total assets to 10.9%
● Reduced strategic equity holdings to 28.8% of the total risk
amount, beating the less-than-30% target
Targeting reduction of more than ¥100 billion is continued in 2019 and after.
Reinforce controls on natural catastrophe risks
The MS&AD Insurance Group is working to reduce natural catastrophe risk both in Japan and overseas. Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance both are expanding reinsurance coverage and recently established joint reinsurance coverage for annual aggregate losses. These efforts contributed to the Group reducing annual losses once every 10 years by about 20% year on year and lowered the risk of annual profit fluctuations at the Group.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 035

  Group Management Based on ERM
 The function of ERM (Enterprise Risk Management) is to control the balance among three key management indicators: profit (return), risk and capital. The MS&AD Insurance Group positioned ERM as a driver in the previous medium-term management plan,“Next Challenge 2017,”establishing a platform for Group management.
Under the current medium-term management plan“Vision 2021,”MS&AD is pushing forward with initiatives to improve profitability and capital efficiency, while ensuring soundness, and base Group management on the ERM cycle.
Function and Role of ERM
When pursuing profits through risk-taking, ERM considers opportunities with high ROR (Return on Risk) or means of increasing ROR and seeks to achieve the target return on equity (ROE) while maintaining the soundness of capital (ESR1). The relationship between these three is outlined in the following figure.
 1. ESR: Economic Solvency Ratio (economic value-based solvency ratio) = NAV/Integrated risk amount
     Capital efficiency
Group Adjusted ROE level of 10%
Profit (return)
Balance
Profitability
Achieve fiscal-year targets for ROR and VA
           Capital
Risk
       036 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Soundness
Ensure ESR of 180%‒220% (= appropriate level)

      CEO Message Who We Are
Indicators Emphasized in ERM
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
  Capital efficiency
  Group Adjusted ROE2
Return (Group Adjusted Profit) Capital (adjusted net assets3)
  Profitability (return on risk)
  ROR
Return (Group Adjusted Profit) Risk (integrated risk amount4)
Add value by underwriting risk
Return (Group Adjusted Profit) ‒ risks (integrated risk amount) × cost of capital (%)
Capital cost: 7%
     VA
 Soundness
  1/ESR
Risk (integrated risk amount) Capital (NAV5)
 2. Group Adjusted ROE = Group Adjusted Profit ÷ Average of adjusted net assets (Consolidated net assets + Catastrophe loss reserves and others ‒ Goodwill and other intangible fixed assets) at the start and end of the fiscal year
3. The adjusted net assets used to calculate Group Adjusted ROE is the average of consolidated net assets plus catastrophe loss reserves and others minus goodwill and other intangible fixed assets at the start and end of the fiscal year.
4. Integrated risk amount represents the maximum amount of losses and total value of associated insurance payments that are likely to be encountered once in 200 years. It is marked to market value.
5. Net asset value is an indicator used as a management buffer to enable thorough net asset management. In addition to adjusted net assets, it includes such items as unrealized insurance liabilities, other equity liabilities, etc.
 ESR is an indicator of capital adequacy with respect to the risk amount.
Risk amount is calculated based on the statistical quantification of risks of losses and price fluctuations associated with businesses and asset portfolios, and the integrated risk amount represents the total amount of risk assumed by the Group as a whole. The Group uses a recurrence interval of 200 years for the maximum foreseeable loss (in other words, losses will not exceed this value for 199 out of 200 years).
ROR (Return on Risk)
To assume risk, it is necessary to secure the capital that balances that risk. Consequently, in business where ROR is high (in other words, business where profit is large relative to the risk assumed), the profit that can be earned is large relative to the capital necessary.
(¥ billion)
(12 pt) (200.0) +100.0
ESR (Economic Solvency Ratio)
     ESR
 NAV
 Integrated risk amount
March 31, March 31, Change from 2018 2019 previous year
211%
4,800.0
2,200.0
199%
4,600.0
2,300.0
   VA (Value Added)
Value Added (VA) indicates how much value can be generated with respect to the risks assumed.
While ROR (Return on Risk) indicates the rate of return that can be obtained with respect to the risks assumed, VA is an indicator of absolute value.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 037

  Financial and Capital Strategy
  Financial Position
Despite the frequent occurrence of natural disasters,
the MS&AD Insurance Group maintained stable profits and financial soundness.
The MS&AD Insurance Group’s basic financial strategy is to create a financial foundation that will sustain growth and improve corporate value. To realize this strategy, the Group has appropri- ate capital and financial policies in place for improving capital efficiency while ensuring financial soundness, centered on ERM.
Despite the frequent occurrence of natural disasters in Japan and abroad, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the MS&AD
Financial Soundness
Insurance Group reported net income attributable to owners of the parent of ¥192.7 billion, which was only 3% less than the initial forecast and a Group Adjusted Profit of ¥189.8 billion. However, with accounting ROE reaching 6.8% and Group Adjusted ROE reaching 6.1%, these results fell below the cost of capital and thus leave issues to be resolved. At 199%, the Group maintained its ESR* at an appropriate level (180%‒220%).
*See the “Group Management Based on ERM” section (P. 37) for details.
  The Group aims to ensure financial soundness equivalent to an AA rating by enhancing the capital base and controlling risks.
 The Group has set a goal for financial soundness equivalent to an AA rating as the financial strength that it should strive for as a world-leading insurance and financial services group and views an ESR in the 180%‒220% range as appropriate. (See the “ERM” section (P. 66) for details on actual measures.)
Furthermore, a majority of the Group’s liabilities are policy liabilities. From the viewpoint of ALM,1 it is desirable to hold corresponding assets that match the characteristics (e.g., currency, duration) of the liabilities. The Group fully considers risk and return through ERM and makes decisions on actual investments and methods for funding based on the analysis of whether the return is appropriate for the risk (ROR2) and the return is greater than the cost of capital (VA3).
Capital Efficiency
1. ALM: Asset Liability Management. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 90) for details.)
2. ROR: Return on Risk
3. VA: Value Added (See the “Group Management Based on ERM”
section (P. 37) for details.)
Ratings of Domestic Non-Life Insurance Companies
(MSI and ADI)
S&P Moody’s A.M. Best R&I JCR
A+ A1 A+ AA AA+ (Stable) (Stable) (Stable) (Stable) (Stable)
*See the “Credit Ratings” section (P. 110) for details.
   The Group aims to achieve ROE at the 10% level as a world-leading insurance and financial services group.
Under “Vision 2021,” since MS&AD plans to transition to IFRS in fiscal 2021, the definition of numerical management targets (Group Adjusted Profit1 and Group Adjusted ROE1) has been changed. Aware of the cost of capital, we aim for Group Adjusted ROE of 10%, a level that is on a par with that of major insurance companies in
Europe and the United States, and will optimally allocate resources in addition to growth and portfolio diversification. We estimate 7% for the cost of capital based on the capital asset pricing model (CAPM).2
1. For definitions of Group Adjusted Profit and Group Adjusted ROE, see the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 91) for details.
2. See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 90) for details.
 Group Adjusted Profit and Group Adjusted ROE
    (¥ billion) 500
400 300 200
100 0.8
0
-100
2010
7.9
213.7
-125.0
2016
(%)
10.0
8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0 0.0
-6.0
New Frontier 2013 Next Challenge 2017 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business Domestic Life Insurance Business
International Business Financial Services Business/Risk-Related Services Business
Vision 2021
14.5
-5.6 -87.5
2011
Group ROE
Group Adjusted ROE
10.0 8.7
   5.0 87.4
2012
4.5 94.8
2013
5.2
3.7 105.1
2017
5.9
155.7 147.5
6.1
189.8
350.0
263.0
  038 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
2014
2015
2018
2019 (Forecast)
2021 (Target)
(FY)
   We aim to enhance corporate value by pursuing an optimal balance among financial soundness, capital efficiency and shareholder returns.
Director, Executive Vice President, CFO Shiro Fujii

  CEO Message Who We Are
 Our Way
 Special Feature
 Our Platform
 Appendix Data Section
 MS&AD’s Strategy
 Shareholder Return Policy
We will return approximately 40%‒60% of Group Adjusted Profit to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.
Under “Vision 2021,” the MS&AD Insurance Group has
adopted a policy of aiming to return approximately
40%‒60% of Group Adjusted Profit to shareholders through
dividends and share buybacks. The policy aims to achieve a
steady increase in shareholder value by appropriately
allocating profit to shareholder returns and internal reserves, 100 while aggressively returning value to shareholders and
building internal reserves for future growth investments.
As for dividends, the basic goal is to continue to pay a 80
stable dividend while aiming to increase dividend payments
through the strengthening of our earning power. In fiscal
2018, a dividend of ¥140 per share, an increase of ¥10 per 43.5 share, was distributed. MS&AD plans to distribute a dividend 40 10.0 33.5 of ¥150 per share again in fiscal 2019.
(¥ billion)
Total dividends (annual)
120 Amount of share buybacks 113.7
74.4 29.9 69.9
32.0 30.0 (Maximum)
77.0 81.7
2017 2018 (FY)
101.4 107.0
  60
In May 2019, the MS&AD Insurance Group announced a
¥32 billion (maximum) share buyback, and it was flexibly 20 implemented with due consideration paid to market and
capital conditions.
38.5
5.0 33.5
2012
44.7
10.0
34.7
2013
30.0
39.9
2014
20.0
54.4
71.5
The Group remains focused on returning value to shareholders through a stable dividend that increases in the medium run, while enhancing corporate value through sustainable growth.
Our Approach to Internal Reserves
0
33.5 33.5
2010 2011
2015 2016
 We will achieve sustainable growth, even in uncertain business environments, by investing to strengthen, expand and create businesses.
Internal reserves after shareholder returns are used for investments that aim to improve the competitiveness of existing businesses, for investments to diversify and expand the business portfolio, and for investments to create new business territories in cooperation with partners, with the ultimate aim of sustaining growth and increasing shareholder value.
For business investments, acquisition candidates are screened for their affinity with our corporate culture and for operations that can generate synergies with existing
businesses while dispersing risk, in order to contribute to sustained improvement in the Group’s capital efficiency.
Through these investments, we aim to accelerate improvements in capital efficiency and secure competitiveness in the future, even in uncertain business environments.
  Investments to create new businesses in cooperation with partners
● Established a CVC1 to invest in start-up companies in Silicon Valley in the United States and executed investments in 20 companies (including DD2)
● Formed alliances with Israeli innovation organizations
1. Corporate Venture Capital
2. Due Diligence
(See the “Promote Digitalization” section (P. 32) for details.)
        Group Adjusted ROE 10%
Shareholder returns
40%‒60% of Group Adjusted Profit as a benchmark
Sustainable profit growth
Innovate
Investment to create new business territories
      Strengthen
Investment to strengthen the competitiveness of existing businesses
Expand
Investment to diversify and expand the business portfolio
      Investment to promote digitalization
● Expansion of AI systems for customer inquiries
● Expansion of online systematization
(See the “Promote Digitalization” section (P. 33) for details.)
 New business investment for business portfolio diversification and expansion
● Made Challenger, the largest provider of individual annuity insurance in Australia, into an equity-method affiliate
● Made additional investments in ReAssure, our U.K.-based closed book life insurance business
(See the “International Business” section (P. 49) for details.)
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 039
Group Adjusted Profit

  Toward Sustainable Growth and Achieving Targets for Group Adjusted ROE and Group Adjusted Profit
 Components of Group Adjusted ROE
Breakdown of Group Adjusted ROE
Group Adjusted ROE, one of the numerical management targets in “Vision 2021,” can be explained in terms of the two indicators shown in the chart below, namely ESR, which represents financial soundness, and ROR (Return on Risk), which expresses the balance between the returns and risks that the MS&AD Insurance Group assumes. These indicators can be further broken down into three elements comprising Group Adjusted Profit, Integrated Risk Amount and Net Asset Value (capital).
Ensuring Balance by ERM Management
While striving to increase Group Adjusted Profit through activities in each of the Group’s business domains,
we employ ERM to manage the Group in a way that balances Group Adjusted Profit, Integrated Risk
Amount and Net Asset Value (capital). (See the “Group Management Based on ERM” section (P. 36) for details.)
   Group Adjusted ROE
Group Adjusted Profit
Adjusted Net Assets
1
2
ROR
Adjusted Net Assets and Net Asset Value (Capital)
In ERM, to thoroughly manage the
net asset value, which serves as a management buffer, Adjusted Net Assets are transformed into the Net Asset Value through the following calculations.
Note: Figures within parentheses are for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
Net asset value
= Adjusted net assets (¥3.0 trillion)
+ Unrealized insurance liabilities (¥0.5 trillion) + Other equity liabilities, etc. (¥1.1 trillion) = ¥4.6 trillion
     Group Adjusted Profit
   Integrated Risk Amount3
Integrated Risk Amount
  Adjusted Net Assets
   Group Adjusted Profit
Integrated Risk Amount
Integrated Risk Amount
Net Asset Value (Capital)
1 ESR
       Group Adjusted ROE
 An indicator of capital efficiency
ROR (Return on Risk)
An indicator of the balance between the risks the Group is assuming and the associated returns.
ESR (Economic Solvency Ratio) = Net Asset Value (capital) ÷ Integrated Risk Amount
An indicator of the balance between the risks the Group
is assuming and the Group’s net assets, in other words, an indicator of financial soundness.
  [FY2019 target] 8.3%
 Regular monitoring of ESR [Appropriate level]
ESR: 180%‒220%
1. GroupAdjustedProfit=Consolidatednetincome+Provisionforcatastrophelossreserveandothers‒Otherincidentalfactors(amortizationofgoodwillandother intangible fixed assets and others) + Equity in earnings of non-consolidated Group companies
2. Adjustednetassets=Consolidatednetassets+Catastrophelossreservesandothers‒Goodwillandotherintangiblefixedassets
3. Theintegratedriskamountrepresentsinsuranceunderwritingrisk,assetmanagementrisk,operationalrisk,etc.,quantifiedbymeansofstochasticmethods.
4. TheFamilyRegistrationServiceisaservicethatallowspre-registeredfamilymembers,inadditiontothepolicyholder,toreceiveinformationabouttheinsurance
policy just like the actual policyholder.
5. Numberofdaystoprovideassuranceisanindicatorofhowlongittakesforthecompanytocompleteadministrativetasksforcustomers,suchasapplicationsfor
new insurance contracts, applications to cancel policies, claims for insurance payments and claims for other benefits. It is broken down into (1) number of days to
provide assurance (new policies), (2) number of days to provide assurance (maintenance) and (3) number of days to provide assurance (claims payments).
6. The“PerfectLifestyleSupportCenter”isadedicatedtelephonehotlineforpolicyholdersthataddressesconcernsoverhealth,medicine,lifestylesandnursingcare.
7. Mortalitymargin,administrativeexpensemarginandinvestmentyieldmarginareindicatorsforcoreprofit,whichrepresentsthefundamentalprofitabilityoflife
insurance companies. Together, these terms are referred to as the “three surplus factors.” Mortality margin is the profit or loss on the difference between projected insurance benefits payments, based on assumed mortality rates, and actual insurance benefits payments. Administrative expense margin is the gain or loss on the difference between projected business expenditures, based on assumed expense ratios, and actual business expenditures. Investment yield margin is the gain or loss on the difference between projected investment income, based on assumed interest rates, and actual investment income. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 94).)
040 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Net Asset Value (Capital)
Integrated Risk Amount
Group Adjusted Profit
ERM balances these three
elements.
   Monitoring ROR for the Group overall
Each business Each business domain company
  Initiatives to achieve Group Adjusted Profit target in each business domain.
 
      CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
 KPI and Specific Initiatives to Achieve the Group Adjusted Profit Target and Sustainable Growth
   KPI
● Providing products and services that rapidly and flexibly address the increasingly diverse needs of customers
● Enhancing the ability to serve customers during all points of contact
● Practicing claims handling that closely reflects customers’expectations ● Improving quality as an insurance company
Main Reference Indices
The Group
● Customer satisfaction
● Ratio of female managers
● Ratio of global employees
● Satisfaction toward
response and service of agents
Non-life insurance
● Claims handling satisfaction
● Agents recommendation rate
● Number of improvements based on customer comments
Life insurance
● Number of registrations for the Family Registration Service4
● Number of days to provide assurance5
● Number of Perfect Lifestyle Support Center6 users
     For other indices and results, see “Customer-First Business Operations” on each company’s official website.
● Activities for maintenance of renewal contracts and acquisition of new contracts ● New product development based on an understanding of changing customer needs ● Maintain and expand a robust sales platforms create and diversify sales
    *Growth rate of premiums written or annualized premiums
channels, etc.
Main Reference Indices
The Group
● Sales budget achievement rate
● Contract continuation rate ● Ratio of global employees
Non-life insurance
● Number of new agents (sales networks)
● Growth rate of the number of automobile insurance contracts
● Earnings and expenditures balance
Life insurance
● Policies in force
● Number of policies
● Annualized premiums of
policies in force
● Ratio of non-life insurance
agents that also sell life insurance
  The Group
Customer satisfaction
   Growth
 Premium growth rate
  Group Adjusted
Profit
            Investment
Loss
 ratio
 Combined ratio
Expense
 Non-life insurance
ratio
   income/loss
Protection-type products
 Mortality margin7
 Administrative expense margin7
  Life insurance
Investment yield margin7
Asset-building-type products
 Fixed insurance income
 Variable insurance income
Financial Highlights on P. 42.
● Appropriate product design
● Elimination of fraud claims/Appropriate and prompt payment of claims ● Provide advice designed to prevent accidents and reduce damage
● Usage of sustainable resources (use recycled parts), etc.
Main Reference Indices
● Number of risk surveys carried out
● Number of risk management seminars and training sessions carried out
● Efforts to reduce business expenses by efficient operation
● Reforming operating processes and employee roles
● Initiatives to reduce environmental burden through business activities, etc.
Main Reference Indices
● Ratio of personnel expenses to sales ● Selection rate of web policy clauses ● Paper usage ● CO2 emissions ● Total energy consumption, etc.
● Integrated asset/liability management based on consideration of the characteristics of insurance liabilities
● Improving Return on Risk
● Appropriate risk control, etc.
Main Reference Indices
● Investment yield ● Diversifying effect among assets ● Reduction in strategic equity holdings
● Product design that balances customer benefits and business soundness ● Support such as information and service provision that promotes
healthy and worry-free lives for customers ● Reform the product portfolio
Main Reference Indices
● Annualized premiums of policies in force
● Number of life and healthcare seminars held/Number of participants
● Reduce administrative expenses through more efficient management Main Reference Indices
● Paper usage ● CO2 emissions ● Total energy consumption
● Set reasonable assumed interest rates to ensure profits
● More sophisticated use of ALM that considers characteristics of liabilities,
expand investment assets that consider risks
(diversify and increase balances of return-expected assets)
● Appropriately control risk by using diverse investment methods
Main Reference Indices
● Investment yield ● Rating distribution for invested bonds, etc. Non-Financial Highlights on P. 43.
Examples of Specific Initiatives
 Profitability
             INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 041

       (¥ billion)
3,600 3,400 3,200 3,000 2,800 2,600 2,400
Consolidated net premiums written (left axis)
Premium growth rate (right axis)
3,406.9 3,446.9 3,078.9 10.7
3,500.4
(%) (%) 14 120
116.4
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
 Financial Highlights
Group Core Profit/Group Adjusted Profit1
Group ROE/Group Adjusted ROE1
(¥ billion) 250
200 150 100
50
14.5
201.0 189.8 6.0 5.0 4.0
5.9
5.2
Group Core Profit
Group Adjusted Profit (%) 213.7 8.0
155.7 147.5
Group ROE
Group Adjusted ROE 7.9
6.4 6.1
 87.4
2.0 0.8 0
3.7
94.8
105.1
4.5
 0 -50 -100
-87.5
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
-2.0 -4.0 -6.0
-5.6
 This is the profit that serves as a resource for shareholder returns and is thus included as one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan. In anticipation of transitioning to International Financial Reporting Standards from FY2022, the definition was revised to “Group Adjusted Profit” in “Vision 2021” (starting in FY2018).
This is one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan and indicates the ratio of Group Core Profit/Group Adjusted Profit, as shown to the left, in respect to consolidated net assets/adjusted net assets.
Combined ratio3
(domestic non-life insurance business)
Consolidated net premiums written2 and
premium growth rate (non-life insurance business)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
     2,809.5 2,940.7 2,639.4 6.4
4.7
12 115 10 110 8 105 6 100 4 95 2 90 00
105.1
99.4
 2,541.4 2,558.8
0.9 0.7 3.1
4.7
91.6 92.6 92.8
1.2
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
The combined ratio is a key indicator of profitability for underwriting in the non-life insurance business. Profitability is negative when this indicator exceeds 100% and positive when this indicator falls below 100%.
1.6
102.9
98.2 96.0
     Consolidated net premiums written is one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan. The premium growth rate indicates growth potential in premium income for the domestic non-life insurance business and international non-life insurance business.
Net investment income4
(domestic non-life insurance business)
Policies in force5
(domestic life insurance business)
(¥ billion)
250
200 150 100
50 0 -50 -100
Net interest and dividends income
Capital profit/loss (valuation gain/loss)
Capital profit/loss (sales profit/loss)
Net investment income/loss
228.9
(¥ trillion) 30
25 20 15 10
5
0
28.8
29.8
31.2
       135.3
102.2
19.5 21.1
  56.9
178.1
171.6
180.5
23.7
209.8 187.7
25.1 26.3
27.4
  2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
Net investment income is a major source of earnings, next to underwriting profit, for non-life insurance companies, consisting of such components as interest and dividend income and gains/losses on the sale of securities.
This is one of the basic performance indicators for life insurance companies. This indicator expresses the total amount guaranteed to policyholders of valid insurance policies at the end of the fiscal year. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 93) for details.)
1. This calculation method was revised in FY2018. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 91) for details.) 2. Excludes the Good Results Return premiums of “ModoRich” voluntary auto insurance products
3. Total for MSI and ADI in FY2018
4. Simple sum of non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI
5. Total amount of policies in force for individual insurance and individual annuity insurance at MSI Aioi Life and MSI Primary Life. MSI Aioi Life was formed from the merger of MSI Kirameki Life and Aioi Life on October 1, 2011, so FY2010 and FY2011 show a simple sum for the two companies.
042 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      (%)
100 95 90 85
(%) 50
30
Outside Director ratio (left axis)
(%) Attendance rate (right axis) 100
CEO Message Who We Are
95.5
95.6
96.0
96.6
93.1
41.7 80
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
 Non-Financial Highlights
A checkmark (
Customer satisfaction6
C C u u s s t t o o m m e e r r s s a a t t i i s s f f a a c c t t i i o o n n
(accident response of automobile insurance)
) indicates that FY2018 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
Outside Director ratio and the Board of Directors attendance rate
96.7
30.8
94.6
30.8
95.0
92.3
     89.3
89.4
89.3
88.9
41.7
  36.4 33.3
  000
  (t)
20,000 15,000 10,000
Amount of paper usage
Number of female managers (left axis) Ratio of female managers (right axis)
(%) 20
16
12
8
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
Our growth potential depends on improving customer satisfaction. Along with these indicators, customer opinions are helpful in improving quality.
Amount of paper usage
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
More than one-third of the full Board of Directors consists of independent Outside Directors to ensure highly transparent management. Monitoring and oversight functions are thus enhanced by incorporating perspectives that are independent from management.
Number and ratio of female managers7
(persons)
1,500 1,200 900 600 300
We believe diversity in the manager position and above leads to greater customer satisfaction and growth potential by enabling strategies, product development and organizational management from diverse viewpoints and sense of value. We began tallying such data on a Group consolidated basis, including overseas, in FY2016.
Number and ratio of global employees
 Group consolidated 18.1 15.7
    12.7
9.9 7.1
Domestic 12.4
       16,036 13,283 13,940 13,005 11,085 10,545 000
5,000
Paperless meetings, PDF-format pamphlets, proper printed matter ordering and inventory management, and portable device and tablet use are being actively incorporated to help reduce paper use.
1,200 1,292 Domestic Group 245 296 377 449 551 613 782 1,514
(t-CO2) 140,000
120,000 100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
CO2 emissions (left axis)
Total energy consumption (right axis)
(GJ)
1,400,000 50,000
Number of employees in Japan
Number of overseas employees (“( )” indicates ratio)
6,003 6,228 6,448 8,573 8,759 9,184 8,958 (21.6%)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
CO2 emissions and total energy consumption8
3.0 3.6
consolidated 4
4.6
5.5
   1,200,000 1,000,000 800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000
(persons) (16.4%)(16.8%)(16.8%)(21.1%)(21.6%)(22.2%)
   1,142,647 1,126,555
987,452
40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
 1,070,886 1,098,008
1,017,853
1,098,008
        111,818 123,567 119,953 120,930 104,669
30,640 30,827 31,910 32,044 31,882 32,111 32,509 (83.6%)(83.2%)(83.2%)(78.9%)(78.4%)(77.8%)(78.4%)
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
000 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
97,405
  Reducing CO2 emissions helps mitigate climate change, a risk for the non-life insurance business. It also reduces energy-related business expenses.
Increasing the number of employees from different cultures and with a diverse sense of values, and deepening mutual understanding among employees, leads to a stronger organizational capacity for the Group and is a driving force in international business development in particular.
6. Customer survey choices were streamlined from five options to four in FY2015 and unified within the Group. This figure indicates the ratio of customers who chose the top two options.
7. Results as of April 1 of the subsequent fiscal year.
8. Total energy consumption is calculated based on the energy conversion coefficient from the Law Concerning the Promotion of Measures to Cope with
Global Warming. Electric power energy use, however, is 3.6 GJ/MWh. Also, from FY2017, the energy for the parts of Group buildings leased to tenants is excluded.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 043
 
     Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
The Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business is the MS&AD Group’s core business and boasts the largest scale in Japan.
The Group’s three unique non-life insurance companies leverage a variety of sales channels, address the new kinds of risks arising from changes in the social environment and progress in technological innovation, and provide safety and peace of mind.
  Group Numerical Management Targets
(Simple sum of the non-consolidated figures for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and Mitsui Direct General Insurance)
    (¥ billion) 300
    250
    200
    150
    100
Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021 Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017)
Next Challenge 2017
Net Premiums Written
Non-Life Insurance Combined Ratio1 E/I Combined Ratio1
Vision 2021
2.83
Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017)
287.8
146.9
(¥ trillion) 3.00
2.75
2.64 96.6
96.0
(%) 105
100
 2.76
2.78
         190.1 153.3
2016 2017
186.0 182.0
2019
(Forecast) (Target)
2.50
2.25
2.00
2.73
93.4 91.6
2015
2.70
92.6 91.4
2016
100.6
2017
99.4
94.9 95
        92.4 91.9 50
90
0
85 2019 (FY)
(Forecast)
94.1
92.8
94.4
    2014 2015
2018
2021 (FY)
2014
2018
technological innovation.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Mitsui Direct General Insurance
Direct sales to individual clients via the Internet and phone calls
Pursuing high-quality, low-cost operations
Simple and easy-to-understand products Example: Internet contract discount
1. Please see the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 90) for details. Figures from fiscal 2018 reflect the Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance totals.
 Business Strategies
1 Leveraging Diversity
The Group leverages diversity, which is one of its strengths, to quickly respond to changes in the social environment and
     Business concepts
Diversifying Customers’Risks and Needs with Changes in the Social Environment
 Leveraging comprehensive strengths
Global business development
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
 Unique company with its own distinctive character
Seeking a close relationship with local communities
  Diverse partnerships
Product development leveraging special strengths
Broad partnership centered on the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
New product development based on a wide range of business-to-business transactions
Example: H.I.S. Cancel Support
Partnerships centered on the Toyota Group and the Nissay Group
Development of innovative products that leverage ties with partners
Example: Connected Automobile Insurance (telematics automobile insurance for Toyota vehicles)
     044
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

       CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
2 Vision 2021 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business Strategy
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
   Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
Maximize further synergies by leveraging the Group’s comprehensive strengths along with utilizing the distinct characteristics of each Group company
Promote Digitalization
Accelerate the digitalization of business processes through R&D2 investment and work to improve the value of the customer experience and business productivity
Reform the Product Portfolio
Reform the product portfolio by improving fire insurance underwriting profit and expanding casualty insurance while maintaining automobile insurance earnings
Status of initiatives to reform business processes
● Standardize products/operations, launch the “BRIDGE” jointly developed non-life insurance claims services system (from 2021)
● Enhance life/non-life insurance product cross-selling, jointly develop health-/medical-related products/services
● Standardize/consolidate back-office operations
● Digitalize the policy and claims payment administrative processes
● Accelerate initiatives for automobile insurance using telematics technology
● Use AI to support agent operations, etc.
● In October 2019, promote product standardization; implement rate revisions that appropriately reflect risk for fire insurance, based on loss ratio trends by property structure and industry type
● Strengthen initiatives for expanding casualty insurance (coverage for cyber and other new risks) and cultivate the small and medium-sized enterprise market
● Develop products to address the sharing business and on-demand needs (release individual liability insurance for business operators), etc.
Expense ratio6 trend and outlook
      ●
●
Favorable progress in large projects, including the “online 33.2%
system renovation” and “standardization of products and
operating procedures” 32.2% The timing of the introduction of “BRIDGE,” a joint claims
services system, changed from 2019 to 2021 in order to
strengthen the ability to respond to large-scale disasters
and introduce advanced digital technologies.
33.2% 33.3%
32.5% 31.9%
32.1% 32.3%
  Expense ratio excluding R&D2 costs
 System investment amount and cost-reduction effect
30.0% level
     Project
Investment amount
 Renovation of agent and customer online system
Standardization of products/operations
Joint claims services system“BRIDGE”
About
¥18.0 billion/year3
About
¥2.0 billion/year
About
¥12.0 billion/year5
2013 2017 2018 2019 2021 Future (FY) (Forecast) (Outlook) target
2. Investments in R&D to address changes in the environment, including infrastructure building, and to improve productivity and quality
3. Including forms/printing and distribution
4. Investment will continue in FY2022 and after.
5. Including cost reductions from consolidation and the integration of
offices, sharing of the claims service function
6. Simple sum for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa
Insurance on a non-consolidated basis
about
¥88.0 billion
  about
¥11.0 billion
 about
¥62.0 billion4
Introduction
FY2019
FY2021
Effect
(to be realized sequentially)
Including the impact of 0.4pt caused by the consumption tax hike.
 3 Vision 2021 Core Strategies by the Operating Company
   Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Mitsui Direct General Insurance
  ● Promote development and sales of products with strong customer demand, realize faster product development and lower costs (joint development of “observe and protect automobile insurance”)
● Establish a Group-wide collaboration system in the cyber risk field; bolster cooperation among MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance to provide comprehensive corporate services
● Ensure favorable progress in improving administration efficiency through the advancement of digitalization
 ● Pursue growth strategies, address environmental changes
● Proactively respond to new risks facing companies, etc.
● Leverage product/services development and the ample underwriting expertise of overseas partners
● Establish brand value through telematics strategies and ICT technologies
● Accelerate partnerships in different industries beginning with Toyota, Nippon Life Insurance and closely affiliated companies
● Strengthen contributions to local communities by leveraging strengths in the retail market
● Deepen marketing activities using digitalization
● Gain new customers through increasingly sophisticated mass marketing/online advertising
● Undertake measures to expand direct markets, which the other two companies being focused on agent channels have been unable to penetrate
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 045

  Domestic Life Insurance Business
The Domestic Life Insurance Business is a key growth business.
Industry-leading growth and earnings potential will be realized by Mitsui Sumitomo
Life Insurance, which offers medical/nursing care products as well as death benefit and protection-type life insurance products, and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance, w offers asset-building-type products designed to support retirement lifestyles and asset inheritance products that can be used for inheritances as well as for living donations.
   Group Core Profit, Group Adjusted Profit Increase in EV1, EEV2 (Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance)
         Life Insurance Premiums (Gross Premiums)
     Products
Protection-type products
As Japan increasingly becomes a super-aged society, there is a growing need for medical/nursing care products as well as death benefit and other protection-type products (e.g., term life insurance, income guarantee insurance, medical insurance).
Sales channels
The Group has developed diverse sales channels centered on cross-selling through the agents of the Group’s two core non-life insurance companies, financial institutions, professional life insurance agents and direct sales personnel.
     Group Numerical Management Targets
Group Adjusted Profit (Vision 2021)
45.0
EEV (Vision 2021, right axis)
927.0
Aioi other
hich
     (¥ billion) 50
40 30 20 10
0
(¥ trillion) 1.8
(¥ billion) 320
240 160 80
-60
(¥ billion) 1,050.0 1,200
Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021 Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017)
Next Challenge 2017
Vision 2021
Increase in EV (Next Challenge 2017, left axis)
    835.5 819.4
 34.3 32.6
2017
31.6
2018
Vision 2021
198.4
900 600 300
-300 2019 2021 (FY)
(Forecast)(Target)
 25.0 25.1
29.0
  20.4
2014
59.7 00
41.3
  1.6
1.50
1.4 1.2 1.0
1.55
2016
1.59
1.60
2015
2016
2021 (FY)
2014
-52.0
2015 2016
2017
2018
1.50
2017
1.53
2019 (Forecast)(Target)
  Next Challenge 2017
1. Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance, which provides protection-type life insurance products, designated an increase in EV (Embedded Value) as one of its numerical management targets along with Group Core Profit. Current statutory accounting is in some respects difficult to use for performance evaluation, partly because costs are concentrated at the time of sale but also because the corresponding profit is realized in later years. However, EV is employed as a useful indicator for evaluating achievements and corporate value as it evaluates future profits generated by in-force business at the present and provides complementary financial information in statutory accounting. In addition, Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance’s EV, in principle, conforms to the European Embedded Value (EEV).
Note: See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 90) for details.
2. Next Challenge 2017 used an increase in EV as a numerical management
target, but Vision 2021 has switched to EEV.
1.76
     2014 2015
2018 2019
(Forecast) (Target)
Business Strategies
1 Leveraging Diversity
2021 (FY)
 Meeting increasingly diversified customer needs amid ongoing changes in the structure of society and customer lifestyles through these two life insurance companies that feature different business models (e.g., products, sales channels)
  Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
個人年金は、 未来への贈り物。
Asset-building and asset-inheritance products
Suitable to the diversification of customer needs as Japan increasingly becomes a super-aged society, asset-inheritance products that can be used for inheritances or living donations and asset-building-type insurance products (variable/fixed annuity insurance, variable/fixed whole life insurance) are being marketed.
Over-the-counter sales by financial institutions (e.g., banks, securities companies)
       046
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

       CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
2 Vision 2021 Domestic Life Insurance Business Strategies
Develop/provide products and services that meet diversifying customer needs in line with changing lifestyles
and the dawn of a super-aged society.
Further strengthen marketing capabilities to maintain leadership in OTC sales via financial institutions and our sales base as the largest non-life insurance group in Japan.
Build systems that can respond flexibly to changes in the environment such as the advance of the falling birthrate and aging population, the continuation of ultra-low interest-rate policies and the advance of digitalization.
Extensively promote a customer-first policy in operations to improve quality and customer satisfaction.
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
      Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
● Complete the consolidation of third-sector long-term policies held by MSI and ADI
● Provide protection-type products and services that help resolve social issues, such as the increasing burden of nursing care and medical care, and support health promotion
● Further strengthen marketing capabilities through diverse channels, with a focus on cross-selling based on integrated life/non-life operations
● Build a system to respond to changes in the environment (infrastructure development and reform of the earnings structure)
Life insurance cross-selling ratio*
(Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance)
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
● Expand products and services to meet the diversifying needs of customers as we move to an era in which the average life span could reach 100 years
● Pursue agent and customer convenience and reform business processes through the promotion of digitalization
● Enhance ALM that captures changes in investment markets and liability structures
Products and services that meet the needs of society and customers
(Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance)
● Expand the lineup of products to be used for inheritance and living donation purposes and products focusing on longevity risk
● Proactively promote customer-first operations with an eye toward avoiding complaints and providing easy-to-understand information when selling foreign-currency-denominated insurance
(%) 20
15
10
16
14.1 14.9
2017 2018 2019
(Target)
18
2021 (FY) (Target)
     *Cross-selling channels (professional, corporate, automobile sales dealers): The number of Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance in-force policy holders divided by the number of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance automobile and fire insurance policy holders
Product brochures
Training materials for agencies
3 Key Strategy
 Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
Further enhance cross-selling channels via the integration of life and non-life operations
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
Share high-quality know-how of education and training for sales and marketing within the Group
  Strengthen the collaboration between Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Strengthen internal Group collaboration for product development and services in the health and medical fields Increase efficiency by reviewing the division of roles within the Group such as sales administration
Improve contact center operations mainly by using voice-recognition technologies
Further enhance the ease of understanding and convenience for customers by improving paperless operations in cooperation with agents
Optimize administrative processes (increase productivity by using RPA (Robotic Process Automation) for routine tasks) Increase sophistication and efficiency for the insurance claims and benefits payment processes
   Strengthen customer contacts by promoting digitalization and supporting agent activities
Increase the sophistication and efficiency of product development and underwriting operations by using digital technologies that include big data analysis
  Promote Digitalization
   Reform the Product Portfolio
Develop products based on advances in medical technology such as advanced medicine and address nursing care/dementia-related needs
Develop products that support long and active lives as Japan moves toward becoming a society in which life spans regularly reach 100 years
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 047

  International Business
Leveraging the expertise and trust it has accumulated during its history of more than 90 years of international operations, the MS&AD Insurance Group has established a global network that today spans 48 countries and regions* to provide insurance products and services that meet diverse customer needs.
*Excluding the Cayman Islands, where SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) is domiciled. (As of April 1, 2019)
     Asia Business
MS Amlin Business
Toyota Retail Business Telematics and Mobility
Services Business
Head Office Reinsurance Business
   (¥ billion) 120
90 60 30
0
-120
Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017) Group Adjusted Profit (Vision 2021)
117.0
(¥ billion)
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
938.8
Group Numerical Management Targets
    Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021
Next Challenge 2017
Net Premiums Written
Vision 2021
 892.7 818.7
2016 2017
922.1
   38.2
27.9
2014 2015
34.6
2016
42.0
461.6
2015
    The MS&AD Insurance Group’s international business operations encompass two businesses, the international non-life insurance business and the international life insurance business. Since commencing underwriting operations in Thailand in 1934, we have established businesses in 48 countries or regions around the world, and presently we are the largest insurance company in the
ASEAN region with a robust network. In 2016, we welcomed Amlin to the Group to put into place a balanced portfolio spread across Asia, Europe and the Americas. In addition, First Capital Insurance Limited, the largest non-life insurance company in Singapore, joined the Group in 2017 solidifying its leading position in the ASEAN region.
2017
5.4
-125.0
2018
2021 (FY)
415.9
2014
2018 2019 (FY) (Forecast)
Characteristics of the International Business
2019
(Forecast) (Target)
 1 International Non-Life Insurance Business
To make decisions and manage operations in accordance with local customs while rigorously complying with the laws, regulations and business conventions of each country and region, regional holding companies have been established in Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States as the linchpins for business development.
The Group has established the MSIG brand penetrated in the high-growth-potential Asia region. We have achieved particular growth in ASEAN, becoming the sole insurance group with underwriting operations in all 10 countries of this region. Through a variety of efforts including support for government policy on insurance and the sharing of insurance technologies, the Group is contributing to economic growth in each country throughout the region while also undertaking activities to realize growth in its own business operations.
MS Amlin, an insurance holding company, with the three core business segments of Lloyd’s, Reinsurance and Continental Europe Primary Insurance, is the core company in the international non-life insurance business. Growth synergies with the existing local subsidiaries in Asia and the Americas have materialized, thanks in part to joint efforts to create new insurance underwriting schemes, and the exchange of human assets has led to more sophisticated risk management on a Group level.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance leverages its strong partnership with the Toyota Group to develop the business via the Toyota network throughout the countries of Europe, as well as Oceania, China, Thailand and numerous other countries and regions. In addition, utilizing the telematics know-how of Insure The Box Limited, which we acquired in 2015, we are developing a global telematics and mobility services business. We expect synergies to emerge in the Toyota retail business as well through the provision of new added value.
The Head Office at Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance has engaged in the overseas inward reinsurance business as a means of effectively utilizing capital. While managing Group-wide risks, we will advance business by engaging in profit-focused underwriting for business partners with which we can maintain medium- and long-term relationships in both outward and inward reinsurance.
     048 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are
 Our Way
 Special Feature
 Our Platform
 Appendix
 Data Section
 MS&AD’s Strategy
2 International Life Insurance Business
We are investing in life insurance companies in countries where life insurance markets are projected to expand̶such as Indonesia, India and Malaysia̶with the aim of expanding sustainable profits.
In 2017, the MS&AD Insurance Group invested in Challenger Limited in Australia (annuity insurance business) and, in 2018, invested in ReAssure Jersey One Limited in the United Kingdom (closed book life insurance business*) to secure stable profits and acquire business know-how.
*See the notes on P. 21.
3 Net Premiums Written and Net Income by Region and Business
(¥ billion)
FY2019 (Forecast)
       FY2011
FY2012 FY2013 FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
240.6 499.6 391.1
FY2017
268.1 498.7 430.2
FY2018
         Asia 142.8
Europe 60.9
(of which: MS Amlin) - - - - Americas 43.7
296.1 310.6 514.9 480.7 448.0 412.6
173.1 215.7 237.1 64.4 85.4 99.6
257.7 121.1 - 69.4 18.6 - 461.6 12.7
   41.4 56.4 66.2 15.6 16.7 19.1 - - - 287.8 369.0 415.9 28.8 16.3 26.0 (11.9) 1.8 5.7 --- -
(6.3) 5.1 8.5 11.0 ---- 3.0 1.3 (1.2) 5.4 (112.3) 13.5 18.0 38.2
67.7 64.6 - - 62.9 68.7 938.8 922.1 30.9 20.2 (3.8) 3.8 (1.9) 6.3 1.1 2.4 --- (26.0) (6.7) 3.8 5.7 8.4 6.4 8.9 15.9 27.9 34.6 (125.0) 5.4 42.0
66.4 16.8 - 818.7 16.7 (3.1) 2.2 - 6.1 0.1 (7.7) (3.3) (7.9) 8.1 0.8
71.1 - 57.9 892.7 11.1
 Reinsurance Business Head Office Reinsurance Business International Business Total Asia
Europe
(of which: MS Amlin) Americas
Reinsurance Business Head Office Reinsurance Business International Life Insurance Business International Business Total
16.8 - 262.2
(89.6) (16.1)
(116.2) (109.3)
      4.7
 10.7 12.4 - -
    *International Business figures are aggregates of the results for overseas consolidated subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates, together with non-life insurance companies’ overseas branches, overseas-based non-consolidated affiliates and the overseas inward reinsurance business of non-life insurance companies’ headquarters, etc.
*Figures in the “Total” rows include head office adjustments and others and are not equal to the sum of figures for each segment and each region. *Net income is on a Group Core Profit basis (Group Adjusted Profit basis since FY2018). The international life insurance business shows equity income. *The Reinsurance business is included in figures for MS Amlin since FY2017 because it was integrated into MS Amlin together with MSI
Lloyd’s business in December 2016.
*Since FY2017, the international life insurance business has included Challenger and ReAssure in addition to the former Asian life insurance business.
Growth Strategy
In expectation of the various changes in the environment that surrounds insurance̶increasingly common natural catastrophes, intensifying competition in emerging markets, the advance of digitalization, ever-more stringent capital regulations and supervision, and others̶we seek to leverage the strengths of the Group to achieve growth that is resilient and sustainable.
       Growth and intensifying competition in emerging markets
Increase in natural catastrophes
Continuing low-interest rate environment
Tightening of capital regulations and supervision
      Solidifying our global platform
 Strong foundation in the Asian region
● Bases in all 10 ASEAN countries, No. 1 in gross premiums written
● Seizing synergies with MS First Capital
● Tapping into growth markets, including India and China
Expansion of telematics and mobility services business
● Collaboration with Toyota as a strength
● Tie-in with Toyota’s mobility strategy
MS Amlin’s advantages in the Lloyd’s market
● Strength as a market leader
● Underwriting expertise in specialty classes ● Ongoing efforts to recover profitability
Growth of the international life insurance business
● Promotion of business with exceptional local partners ● Capturing the effect of portfolio diversification
      Development of digitalization
Expansion of the “sharing economy”
Changing business models
New entrants from outside the insurance sector
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 049
Net Income Net Premiums Written

   Risk-Related Services Business
Risk-Related Services Business is responsible for important roles within the MS&AD Insurance Group’s value creation processes.
Risk-Related Services Business units provide diverse solutions globally in cooperation with Group units engaged in the insurance and financial services businesses, and thereby make an important contribution to realizing the Group’s mission.
  Supporting the Risk Analysis in Climate Change for Companies
Against the backdrop of the adoption of the Paris Agreement and the expansion of ESG investment, investors are demanding that companies identify and disclose the financial risks associated with climate change. For this purpose, the Financial Stability Board (FSB) established the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in June 2017. Under these circumstances, MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting developed a service to analyze climate change risk in addition to the property risks caused by floods or droughts. The service can also address the risks that will emerge from the social economy shifting to a carbon-free society, which includes the transformation of the energy structure.
December 2050 Temperature Distribution Forecast under the RCP8.5 Scenario
High Low
Note: Formulated at MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting using NASA GISS, GISS-E2-R data.
    Overview of Risk-Related Services Business
The MS&AD Insurance Group provides various non-insurance services to meet customers’ needs for risk solutions, such as the risk management, nursing care and assistance businesses.
Overview of Risk Management Business
The Group’s risk management business is developing its operations based on a business model that emphasizes three concepts: “(1) early risk discovery, (2) risk magnitude and incidence frequency reduction and (3) eventuated risk impact minimization.” Insurance and other financial products are employed with respect to the third of those concepts, having the role of “alleviating
economic impacts.” The operational scope of the risk management business units encompasses all three of the concepts.
Working in close cooperation with the insurance business units, the risk management business units provide customers with the following types of risk-related services.
 123
    Provision of risk research and simple diagnoses along with loss prevention advice
Consulting services related to the formulating of a business continuity plan and a crisis management plan of companies and other organizations
Implementation of surveys and
studies of the latest risk-related information and dissemination of that information via seminars and newsletters
The Group unit responsible for these operations is MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc., which is the largest risk consulting company in Japan. Utilizing its bases
in Singapore, Thailand and China, MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting is globally developing
its risk solution services business.
Vision 2021 Progress Status
Mainly providing high-quality solutions, strengthening global preparedness, demonstrating group synergies and developing new solutions, we have been developing our business activities with a sense of mission while remaining aware of our social responsibility for risk consulting and information provision.
In fiscal 2018, natural catastrophes such as the earthquake in northern Osaka Prefecture and the heavy
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting’s Global Network
  MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc.
(Tokyo, Sapporo, Nagoya, Osaka and Fukuoka)
InterRisk Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
rainfall in western Japan caused a rapid increase in demand for services relating to business continuity plans (BCPs) and flood risks. In April 2018, InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc., merged with MS&AD Research Institute Co., Ltd., and further strengthened the research function of the Group as MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc.
 InterRisk Asia (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Interisk Asia Pte. Ltd.
 050 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
TOPICS

       CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
 Business Performance
 Number of risk-related reports issued
Number of trainings/ seminars arranged
Number of media appearances
FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
 Number of risk surveys conducted
1,009 Domestic 526 Overseas 483
3,873
75
232
1,092 Domestic 500 Overseas 592
4,199
68
306
1,031 Domestic 468 Overseas 563
3,997
84
377
1,189 Domestic 506 Overseas 683
4,720
72
386
          Other Risk-Related Services Business
Nursing Care Business
The MS&AD Insurance Group inaugurated its nursing care business in 1989.
Currently, two Group companies are supplying high-quality nursing care services that provide seniors with comfort and peace of mind. MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network operates fee-based retirement
Assistance Business
Through ANSHIN DIAL, we are developing the comprehensive assistance call center business related to automobiles (road assistance services) and homes (house support services). By responding to requests for assistance from people throughout Japan, we are cooperating with our partners in this field to relieve customers’ worries and
Major Operating Companies
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc.
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, is one of
the largest risk consulting companies in Japan. It provides companies and government entities with consulting, risk surveys, research and investigation, information provision and other services related to diverse kinds of risks.
With overseas bases in Singapore, Thailand and China, the company is seeking to provide risk solutions throughout the world.
Date established: January 1993
Number of employees: 245 (as of April 1, 2019) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: https://www.irric.co.jp/en/corporate/
ANSHIN DIAL Co., Ltd.
ANSHIN DIAL is a company that engages in comprehensive assistance call center operations through two call centers in Tokorozawa and Naha, boasting an affiliate network of more than 5,000 companies nationwide. ANSHIN DIAL provides its customers with services that alleviate their worries, such as roadside assistance and support fixing problems at home 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Date established: November 1989
Number of employees: 1,026 (as of April 1, 2019) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 58.87%
URL: https://www.anshin-dial.jp (Japanese language only)
1,140 Domestic 528 Overseas 612
78 4,903 347
homes (operating two such facilities as of March 31, 2019), whereas Fureai Do-Life Services moved in 2000 to become the first Japanese insurance industry unit to operate elderly daycare centers (operating four such facilities as of March 31, 2019).
concerns and provide peace of mind.
In January 2019, ANSHIN DIAL launched the
Emergency Automatic Notification Service that, in the event of an automobile accident, connects the drive recorder with the receiver system.
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network Co., Ltd.
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network operates a fee-based retirement home business offering nursing services, a business that provides support for in-home nursing care (creating care plans) and a home care worker (home helper dispatch) business. By providing high-quality elderly care services, the company strives to create a society in which seniors can enjoy pleasant and cheerful lives.
Date established: October 1990
Number of employees: 112* (as of April 1, 2019) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: http://www.msk-carenet.com (Japanese language only)
*Excluding registered care workers
Fureai Do-Life Services Co., Ltd.
Fureai Do-Life Services operates elderly daycare centers. All centers employ physical therapists and other staff
to implement functional training programs and other programs associated with preventive and rehabilitative care. They also provide services that are deeply rooted in local communities, based on cooperation with NPOs and schools.
Date established: March 2000
Number of employees: 66 (as of April 1, 2019) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: http://www.fureai-do.co.jp (Japanese language only)
         INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 051

      Financial Services Business
In the Financial Services Business, the MS&AD Insurance Group offers various financial solutions and services that make use of its strengths.
The Group is developing and providing various new financial products and services to address increasingly diverse customer needs, leveraging the full range of its capabilities as an insurance and financial services group.
Overview of the Financial Services Business
The MS&AD Insurance Group offers the following kinds of financial products and services.
   ART Business
Alternative risk transfer (ART) refers to techniques other than traditional insurance policies to transfer risks. ART entails the use of financial technologies and capital markets to provide risk solutions. ART products include derivatives and securitized risk products, with typical products including weather derivatives, insurance-linked securities* and earthquake derivatives. We are strengthening
the client base and our product development capabilities while monitoring changes in the social environment and market conditions.
Asset Management Business
We work through jointly owned company Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management in the investment advisory business, the investment trust management business and other kinds of business. With more than ¥16 trillion in assets under management, Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management is one of Japan’s largest asset management companies.
Defined Contribution Pension Business
We encourage the spread of individual defined contribution pension plans (iDeCo), the demand for which has been increasing across society with the declining birthrate and the aging population. We also offer meticulous consulting services for introducing corporate defined contribution pension systems. We aim to grow this business as the market continues to expand.
Venture Capital Business
Working through MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital, we make investments in promising venture businesses and provide support for the growth and development of investee companies. In fiscal 2018, we invested a total of ¥2.5 billion in 27 companies, largely venture firms in the IT services sector, where strong growth moving forward appears likely.
  *Insurance-linked securities (ILS) is a generic term for securitized products that transfer risk covered by insurance, including natural disasters, to the capital markets.
  ART: Outline of Weather Derivatives
Major Operating Companies
The Group’s Financial Services Business is being developed principally by MSI, ADI and the following operating companies.
Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited
Assets under management:
investment advisory ¥7,414.1 billion
investment trusts ¥9,516.2 billion (based on the combined assets of Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management and Daiwa SB Investments as of December 31, 2018)
Date established: December 2002 Number of employees:
1,108 (based on the combined headcount at Sumitomo Mitsui Asset
Management and Daiwa SB Investments as of January 1, 2019) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 15% (As of April 1, 2019)
https://www.smd-am.co.jp/english/
Note: Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management and Daiwa SB Investment merged to form Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management in April 2019. The new company is an equity-method affiliate of the MS&AD Insurance Group.
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
Date established: December 1990
Number of employees: 13 (as of April 1, 2019) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: https://www.msivc.co.jp/ (Japanese language only)
MS&AD Loan Services Co., Ltd.
Scope of operations: Entrusted administration services for customers within and outside the Group, credit guarantee services and loan services for individuals
Date established: October 1976
Number of employees: 145 (as of April 1, 2019)
MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL: https://www.ms-ad-ls.co.jp/site/index (Japanese language only)
      Customer
Weather derivative contract
Premium payment
Funds are received when a contractually predetermined index value is reached.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
  ART: Strengthening the Insurance-Linked Securities Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance acquired 80% of the limited partnership equity in fund management company Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP (LCP), which specializes in insurance-linked securities. The Company thereafter reorganized LCP into a direct subsidiary.
The Company will work to realize synergies while maintaining the independence of LCP and further strengthen the ILS business going forward.
    Bolstering product strength in the insurance-linked securities business
  Enhancing LCP’s presence in Japan
 Group Adjusted Profit FY2018
5.7
(¥ billion)
FY2019 (Forecast)
6.0
  052 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

       CEO Message Who We Are
Asset Management Conditions
Investment in Diversified Portfolio
Amid the ongoing low interest rate environment following
the Bank of Japan’s Negative Interest Rate Policy, we are
avoiding investments in domestic bonds with negative
yields. While giving due consideration to the risks
involved, we are expanding our investments in assets with
relatively high expected returns (e.g., foreign bonds, 0 foreign stocks, alternative investments). As a result, the
Net investment amount (purchase amount–redemption, sale amount) (left axis)
Our Way
MS&AD’s Strategy
Special Feature
Asset Management Strategy
Asset management at the MS&AD Insurance Group is undertaken with an emphasis on stability and liquidity to prepare for the payment of insurance claims and benefits, and with the objective of ensuring stable returns on investments using ALM* based on the characteristics of insurance liabilities.
The MS&AD Insurance Group aims to improve return on risk by dispersing investments in diverse and sophisticated investment assets while considering stability and reducing risk assets by accelerating the reduction of strategic equity holdings.
*ALM: Asset Liability Management. See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P.90) for details.
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
  (¥ billion) 100
Proportion in assets under management (right axis)
(%) 7.5
7.0 6.5 6.0 5.5 5.0
Investment in Response to Negative Interest Rates*
 80 60 40 20
89.2
2016
81.3
2017
7.0 47.7
2018
   percentage accounted for by the latter in assets under management is increasing and contributing to the expansion of investment income.
Practicing Responsible Investment
*The amount of investment in assets (total of foreign bonds [with no foreign currency hedges], foreign stocks and alternative investments) for which relatively high returns are expected. Total of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
(FY)
  On June 1, 2015, the MS&AD Insurance Group became a signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment. In accordance with these principles, we engage in investment activities that take into consideration ESG (environmental, social, governance) during the decision-making process.
Actual Examples of ESG Investments
Each Group company continued to expand its ESG investments in fiscal 2017.
Investment in Green Bonds1 (total of both companies’ investments approx. ¥4.0 billion)
Investments in Japanese ESG stock funds (¥5.5 billion) Renewable energy-related investments (¥5.0 billion)
Investments in social bonds issued by Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) 2 (¥1.0 billion) Investments in Industrialize Africa Bond issued by the African Development Bank (approx. ¥2.6 billion)
1. Bonds issued by companies and local governments to raise funds for green projects (businesses that show consideration for the environment) in Japan and overseas 2. Loans supporting economic and social development in developing countries, and for the sound development of Japan and the international economic community
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo
Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Implementation of Japan’s Stewardship Code
In May 2014, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance declared their acceptance of Japan’s Stewardship Code and have since engaged in constructive dialogue about ESG with the companies in which they have invested. The corporate pension funds of both companies announced their acceptance of the Stewardship Code from fiscal 2018.
Number of companies in which we have invested and engaged in dialogue (July 2017‒June 2018)
Examples of ESG-Related Dialogue
● Having specified ESG and the SDGs in the company’s mission, efforts are made to raise employee awareness, such as by holding study groups for employees working in factories.
● In place of the CSR report, there is a plan to add ESG and perspectives on creating value for the future and to publish that as part of an integrated report.
● Actively accepting industrial waste, the company recycles it as fuel for manufacturing and strives to expand the types of waste that can be used currently.
● With regard to ESG and the SDGs, the CSR Promotion Committee, chaired by the holding company president, has been established to discuss policies and specific initiatives.
● Having set materiality (important issues) to realize a sustainable society, the company formulated specific measures and structures to achieve the goals for each individual business.
● Future issues will be how to explain to investors the relationship between ESG and the SDGs and individual businesses, and their relationship for improvements in corporate value.
   MS AD
Total (simple sum)
 Number of companies engaged in dialogue
252 229
481
6.0
6.2
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 053
 Example 2 Example 1

 Special Feature
 Creating Shared Value
Aiming for a Resilient and Sustainable Society
 W
Wi
f
s
(
y y
l l
d d
c c
. .
(
S
s
v
”
o
H
a a
H
r
d
a
d
S
p
a
i
c
o
o
a
r
r
l
l
t
t
i
i
h
h
t
u
D
D
w
w
l
l
e
e
u
u
y
b
s
G
G
e
e
a
d
T
e e
l l
n n
f f
s s
t t
s s
a a
y y
f f
s s
d d
t t
g g
d d
T
e
e
(
e
(
t
e
s
s
)
a
h
S
h
S
h
h
v
v
d
o
)
a
i
e
e
g
e
e
r
u
n
g
w
C
C
s
S
S
go
s
l
s
l
,
i
i
n
c
n
o
n
r
e
a
a
e
e
s
l
l
o
r
a
a
e
s
a
o
d
a
i
f
f
a
a
t
n
a
i
p
c
t
c
c
n
g
s
g
m
i
i
d
h
h
v
l
i
i
i
y
c
t
e
e
i
h
a
v
v
r
e
i
i
a
k
h
s
c
n
n
r
s
a
g
g
a
e
.
T
d
v
n
o
a“
g
n
h
i
i
t
“
a
e
i
n
n
r
R
R
i
l
g
s
g
s
b
e
e
u
n
u
s
s
e
w
s
i
i
o
o
t
l
l
u
i
i
c
c
e
t
e
e
r
i
i
i
n
n
t
a
e
e
h
s
n
o
s
t
t
t
t
a
c
y
y
a
,
i
,
i
o
n
n
o
e
b
l
c
t
i
t
i
d
d
S
v
i
i
e
u
s
i
s
i
S
n
g
s
t
s
u
u
y
i
n
m
m
s
s
,
i
t
t
e
p
p
o
a
a
n
s
i
i
s
h
o
o
c
n
n
co
i
r
r
t
t
e
a
a
r
t
b
b
a
a
a
p
p
y
y
s
a
n
n
’
’
l
l
e
e
S
o
o
t
t
t
t
s
i
s
i
r
r
l
S
a
a
w
h
h
s
s
o
o
t
t
s
s
i
i
a
a
a
u
u
i
t
c
c
t
e
t
e
i
i
ng
t
n
g
t
y
e
s es
i
t
e
e
s
b
t
t
a
c
a
y
y
h
e
U
h
c
h
o
f
o
”
”
b
e
e
U
h
o
e
h
b
h
h
y
y
2
e
a
e
a
f
o
2
N
S
N
S
0
0
u
u
3
3
u
u
i
r
r
r
e
r
e
g
g
h
e
t
w
e
t
w
0
0
s
s
,
,
t
h
t
t
l
s
t
a
a
l
s
m
m
h
h
i
i
p
p
e
e
M
n
n
l
l
a
a
o
o
o
o
o
o
M
b
b
c
c
y
y
r
t
r
t
l
l
i
i
S
S
e
D
e
D
a
a
a
a
e
e
&
&
e
e
s
i
s
i
o
o
A
A
e
e
n
p
n
p
w
w
D
D
I
s
a
s
a
v
v
a
a
e
e
r
r
I
l
l
n
n
w
w
d
a
d
a
o
o
s
s
u
u
p
p
a
a
u
u
b
b
r
r
c
c
r
r
m
m
l
l
e
o
e
o
f
h
h
h
i
b
i
b
a
a
i
i
e
e
n
n
e
e
n
n
f
h
v
v
c
c
t
G
t
G
e
e
G
u
u
i
i
s
s
o
o
ng
s
n
g
s
G
i
i
o
o
n
n
w
o
w
o
r
r
o
o
a
a
e
e
l
l
u
u
s
s
s
p
p
i
i
s
s
 f
o
c
u
s
e
d
o
n
c
r
e
a
t
i
n
g
s
h
a
r
e
d
v
a
l
u
e
w
i
t
h
s
o
c
i
e
t
y
,
i
n
c
o
r
 d
i
n
g
m
a
r
k
s
.
T
h
e
i
n
s
u
r
a
n
c
e
b
u
s
i
n
e
s
s
h
a
s
a
l
w
a
y
s
b
e
e
n
a na
h
i
s
 r
,
i
n
r
a
p
i
d
l
y
c
h
a
n
g
u
u
h
h
r
 d
f f
y y
o o
k k
a a
y
b
u
s
i
n
e
s
s
a
c
t
i
v
i
t
i
e
s
c
o
n
t
r
i
b
u
t
e
t
o
s
o
l
v
i
n
g
s
o
c
i
e
t
a
a
r
r
e
e
d
 v
e e
e e
e e
c c
t t
f f
h h
s s
v
i
c
i
i
s
s
i
i
o
o
n
f
n
f
o
o
r
t
r
t
h
h
e
f
e
f
u
u
t
t
u
u
r
r
e
e
.
A
.
t
t At
t
h
c
h
c
o
o
re
o
r
e
o
f
t
f
t
h
h
i
i
s
i
s
i
s
M
s
M
S
S
&
&
A
A
D
D
’
’
s
“
s
“
S
S
t
t
o
o
r
r
y
o
y
o
f
V
fV
a
a
l
l
u
C
u
C
r
r
e
e
a
t
i
o
n
,
”
t
h
b
a
s
i
c
o
n
c
e
p
o
w
h
i
 e
p
V
i
V
i
e
a
a
i
c
t
h
n
n
l
l
w
i
a
F
i
i
t
t
i
i
i
w
n
a
a
a
i
i
t
t
e
i
i
t
t
n
a
v
v
h
h
n
e
e
d
o
t
u
s
s
)
w
r
)
w
n
u
e
s
t
i
i
s
e
t
t
i
d
e
t
c
h
s
h
s
t
i
o
o
t
o
o
h
c
c
i
i
e
G
e
e
t
t
y
t
y
t
r
o
h
i
r
h
h
u
r
r
p
o
o
.
e
u
u
p
g
g
o
h
t
h
t
r
i
h
h
n
e
i
e
i
t
r
o
o
m
m
d
d
p
p
u
u
l
l
c
c
e
e
e
v
e
v
m
m
e
e
n
n
t
t
a
a
a
a
r
r
t
t
i
i
i
i
e
e
o
o
t
o
i
t
o
i
n
o
n
o
f
o
f
o
n
n
u
u
a
i
i
r
“
r
“
S
t
t
t
i
i
i
o
a
a
S
t
t
n
t
t
i
i
o
o
,
v
v
”
t
e
a
e
a
r
r
y
o
y
o
h
b
f
V
f
V
i
i
m
m
a
e
a
c
e
a
c
a
a
s
l
l
i
c
u
u
e
C
e
C
o
r
r
n
r
r
e
e
c
e
e
a
a
e
a
a
t
t
p
o
w
t
t
i
i
i
i
n
s
n
s
o
o
n
n
.
.
”
h
h
h
a
a
r
r
i
c
i
 s
s
p
.
a
d
i
n
g
w
i
t
h
i
n
a
n
d
o
u
t
s
i
d
e
t
h
e
G
r
o
u
p
 p
e
c
i
a
F
e
a
t
u
r
e
s
e
c
t
i
o
o
t
h
i
r
e
p
o
r
i
n
t
r
e
 v
a
  Creating Shared Value (CSV Initiatives)
D
D
e
    C
a a
r
e
a
t
e
s
a
e
e
f
w
w
r
e
r
m
r
i
i
s
s
k
k
s
s
  C
r
y
e
a
t
e
s
a
f
e
r
m
o
o
b
b
i
i
l
l
i
t
y
s
o
c
i
e
t
   S
t
t
  S
u
p
y
”
r
i
v
p
e
f
o
r
o
t
r
r
“
g
e
o
s
i
o
l
i
d
h
e
e
n
n
t
c
t
c
e
a
l
o
o
t
i
t
h
a
y
s
m
m
m
m
n
o
u
u
d
l
c
n
n
i
i
i
e
t
t
y
d
o
t
y
d
n
g
y
  S
t
r
i
v
e
f
o
r
r
e
s
i
l
i
e
e
e
v
v
v
i
i
e
e
t
t
l
l
y
”
o
o
p
m
p
m
e
e
n
n
t
  S
u
p
p
o
r
t
“
g
o
o
d
h
e
a
l
t
h
a
n
d
l
o
n
g
e
v
      C
C
an
n
o
o
n
n
t
t
r
r
i
i
b
b
u
u
t
t
e
e
t
t
o
o
c
c
l
l
i
i
m
m
a
a
t
t
e
e
c
c
h
h
a
a
n
n
g
g
e
e
m
m
i
i
t
t
i
i
g
g
a
a
t
t
i
i
o
o
n
n
 a
n
d
a
d
ap
t
    S
f
t
d
a
r
r
i
i
v
v
e
t
e
t
d
a
o
i
o
i
pt
a
a
m
m
t
t
i
i
o
o
p
p
r
r
n
  S
t
o
o
v
v
e
t
e
t
h
h
e
s
e
s
u
u
s
s
t
t
a
a
i
i
n
n
a
a
b
b
i
i
l
l
i
i
t
t
y
o
y
o
f
 n
n
l
a
a
t
t
u
u
r
r
a
al
c
l
c
a
a
p
p
i
i
t
t
a
a
l
      W
Wo
g
n
o
o
o
r
r
k
t
k
t
n
o
o
w
w
a
a
r
r
d
t
d
t
n
d
h
h
”
e
r
e
r
e
e
a
a
l
l
i
i
z
z
a
a
t
t
i
i
o
o
n
o
n
o
f
f
“
“
l
l
e
e
a
a
v
v
i
i
n
n
g
 n
”
o
o
n
e
b
e
b
e
e
h
h
i
i
n
d
              054 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
     CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
Story of Value Creation
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
                      Development at overseas
entities
Chief Marketing Officer, MSIG Holdings (Asia)
Rebecca Ang Lee
MSIG Holdings (Asia) set up the Regional Sustainability Taskforce in January 2019 with members from 10 local business units.
Aiming to achieve a “Resilient and Sustainable Society” outlined in the Group’s “Vision 2021” Medium-Term Management Plan, the Taskforce is focused on the promotion of sustainability-related initiatives with a close connection to the Group’s business and the building of a competitive brand in Asia. Among the various sustainability-related issues, the Taskforce is focusing its attention on the preservation of the environment, especially in regard to biodiversity, and is taking on new challenges in this area.
President and Representative Director, Shintoshin Agency
Mr. Akimasa Adachi
Since the company's founding in 1995, we have focused on insurance covering a variety of business risks faced by corporations, with the goal of using insurance to support corporate business activity and contribute to the advancement of the Japanese economy. Enhancing a sense of crisis regarding the potential impact of climate change on business at a relatively early stage, we have been working to advance the use of insurance for operating renewable energy business, including in wind power and biomass power generation. We have recently come to understand the importance of addressing social issues from a long-term perspective, which leads to the potential for our growth.
We are in full agreement with the MS&AD Group's CSV approach toward building a "Resilient and Sustainable Society" and intend to continue contributing to a brighter future while pursuing sustainable growth as we support our customers.
Chief Inspector,
Toyohashi City Hall Multicultural Society & International Affairs Division
Mr. Takashi Miwata
The city of Toyohashi in Aichi Prefecture is home to many foreigners, including about 8,000 Brazilians. One of the focal points of the Toyohashi City Multicultural Society & International Affairs Division is the prevention of traffic accidents by foreigners living in the city. One solution involved holding seminars on traffic safety for foreign residents in cooperation with Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance. The seminar included text written in Portuguese as well as an explanation of Japanese traffic laws and the role of auto insurance in case of an accident. With the focus on creating an environment where all can live in peace of mind, we believe these activities contribute to a reduction in traffic accidents and revitalization of the community.
By relying not only on the promotion of government but also collaboration with private companies, we believe we have created a win-win scenario benefitting both society and company's interests.
        Working with
agencies
Regional Brand Conference in Asia: Visiting the Reforestation Project in Indonesia
Our exhibition booth at the
4th International Biomass Expo
Workshop at a Catholic Church
   Cooperation with local communities
          INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 055
             
 Special Feature Creating Shared Value
       Deal with new risks
 Dealing with cyber risks
We provide compensation for damages sustained due to
data theft or inhibition of third-party operations caused by cyberattacks, cover the costs for various measures needed to respond to incidents and, as an option, offer compensation for lost profit in the event of terminated or interrupted networks. In addition, we provide a specialist vendor introduction service in case an incident occurs. Together with this, we seek to prevent cyberattacks before they occur by offering an information security diagnostic service, a targeted e-mail attack training service and other risk management services.
    Responding to new risks, an important issue in corporate governance
Cyber risks tend to evolve with technological development. As such, information gathering, research and the adoption of the latest technology in a timely manner are essential. Cyberattacks, such as targeted e-mail attacks carried out on companies and organizations, are on the rise and becoming more sophisticated. If there was a data breach where 100,000 personal data leaked, the result could be calculated at damage amounting to
¥172.7 million,* and damage from such attacks is escalating.
Consequently, the implementation of measures to prevent these
risks is becoming an important issue in corporate management.
*This estimated amount of damage is the result of a simplified trial calculation worked out based on assumptions.
Strengthening and promoting preventive measures against cyber risks
Noboru Ishizu, Cyber Security Team, Casualty Underwriting Department, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (MSI)
The constant generation of innovation is essential to achieving a sustainable society. However, the risk that arises from this also includes a host of new variables, making it ever-more important to precisely analyze, prevent and prepare for such risks. To conduct multidimensional and refined assessment of cyber risks that every day are increasing in complexity and sophistication, we have commenced a risk assessment service in collaboration with Verizon Japan and BitSight Technologies, companies that offer a wealth of cutting-edge expertise concerning cybersecurity.
Furthermore, MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting has collaborated with IntSights Cyber Intelligence, Inc., which possesses technology to aggregate and analyze threat information, on the dark web of cyberspace where attackers exchange information that is difficult for the average person to access. In this way, it has become possible to offer customers critical threat information gained from the massive volumes of information circulating throughout the dark web and the deep web, andprovidethemwithrelevantanalyticalresults.Thereisnoendinrespondingtorisks, though, and we intend to provide a greater number of measures to deal with new and upcoming risks.
        Social issues
Cyber risks tend to evolve in complexity and sophistication in line with the advance of information technology. Damages that arise from cyberattacks are escalating.
Solutions
● Offer preventive services based on the latest expertise
● Provide coverage for cyber risks
Impact on society
● Prevention of cyber risks
● Swift recovery from damage caused by cyberattacks
● Stabilization of corporate management through loss compensation
Economic impact on the Group
● Expansion of new product development and services in the cybersecurity field
● Growth in the insurance market associated with the development of an advanced information society
   056 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     Creating Shared Value
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
       Create a safer mobility society
Automobile insurance and services that utilize telematics technology
We have launched "Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type)," an insurance product that employs telematics technology,* and "Tough Connected Automobile Insurance," the first automobile insurance in Japan based on driving data to reflect the extent of safe driving in monthly insurance premiums for cars that utilize specified on-board communications devices that enable the acquisition of vehicle driving data. Moreover, we offer smartphone apps to provide customers with services such as safe driving diagnosis and a swift response to accidents.
*A word that combines “telecommunication” and “informatics,” telematics enables new real-time, two-way communications services that can be provided by equipping automobiles and other mobile platforms with communications technology.
   Telematics technology can contribute to traffic safety
In today’s motorized society, the advance of automobile technology is working to curtail collision-type accidents. On the other hand, driving mistakes by elderly drivers and apparently malicious tailgating-type driving behavior
are increasing the number of automobile accidents. Given advances in information and communication technology, and more sophisticated data analysis functions, we are taking action to develop a variety of automobile insurance that enhances safety and security for solutions to such issues.
Telematics automobile insurance characteristics
Driving behavior data collected by equipping vehicles with devices that have a mobile telecommunications function
The data collected from the devices equipped in automobiles are analyzed by insurance companies and used to set insurance premium rates or to develop products and services.
Policyholders are provided with services such as safe driving diagnosis reports, alerts for dangerous driving and appropriate accident response at an early stage.
 Our thoughts with an eye toward autonomous driving and a new mobility society
Takahiro Miki, Visiting Professor, Gunma University (seconded from Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance)
When the effect of reducing the frequency of accidents was confirmed, I truly felt that these insurance products and services would contribute to traffic safety. Moving forward, as autonomous vehicles become more prevalent, we anticipate solutions to many social issues. On the other hand, the response to accidents or trouble will also undergo big changes, so we will continue to tackle these challenges.
Looking ahead to when there is legislation on “autonomous driving with conditions” to make autonomous vehicles a practical reality, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (MSI) and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (ADI) will offer compensation, from the perspective of victim relief, in instances of hacking during autonomous driving, defects or other problems with driving systems, and for accidents where the driver is not responsible. We will continue to consider products and have a practical vision given ongoing trends in government opinions and considerations.
ADI and Gunma University, a national university, have entered into an academia-industry alliance and are now moving forward on joint research based on field trials. Every day we strive to move forward with the belief that building a future mobility society which is safe and secure is up to us.
1
Data collection
 2
Data analytics
 3
Feedback
         Social issues
In line with the technological innovation associated with mobility and communications, we are expected to deal with new risks.
Solutions
● Offer new insurance and services that utilize the latest information technology
● Develop insurance and services based on research into cutting-edge mobility technology
Impact on society
● Prevention of traffic accidents
● Contribution to the shift toward an autonomous driving
society that can put people at ease
Economic impact on the Group
● Increasingly high-value-added automobile insurance
● New insurance needs arise in the autonomous driving society
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 057
  
 Special Feature Creating Shared Value
        Strive for resilient community development
Regional Revitalization Project
ADI seeks to further deepen its close relationships with local communities, as set forth in its action guidelines, and has launched a regional revitalization project. This project starts
with the conclusion of partnership agreements with local public authorities and works to support the efforts made to revitalize local regions through contributory activities for local communities, providing a menu of beneficial solutions for issues relating to “communities, people and jobs” in local regions. These efforts have received high praise with regard to a variety of aspects and have been certified as “signature initiative examples” by financial institutions contributing to regional revitalization. For a second consecutive year, the initiative has received a Cabinet Office Minister’s Award.
   Toward sustainable local communities
Confronted with issues such as a declining population, a falling birthrate and an aging population, an intense concentration of population and businesses in Tokyo; and the contraction of regional economies, Japan is pushing policies for regional revitalization based on the “Act on Overcoming Population Decline and Vitalizing the Local Economy in Japan.” To achieve regional revitalization, it is critical to seize on the overall strengths of regions through collaboration with the full range of participants in society,* and it is expected that insurance companies, which are financial institutions, will do their part in contributing to regional revitalization.
*Participants in society include industry, local public authorities and national-affiliated organizations, universities and higher education institutions, financial institutions, labor organizations, media, and lawyers and others in the legal profession.
Police
Fire departments
Universities
Local
public authorities
ADI and agencies
Mass media
Local financial institutions
Local companies
Business associations
An“inclusive society”is the key to a resilient society Hidemichi Kurata, Management Planning Division, ADI
ADI: Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
 Recently, there has been an increasing number of local public authorities tackling the issue of realizing an inclusive society to revitalize local communities. Given this, we are applying our abilities to provide assistance by utilizing the expertise we already have in activities to support sports for the disabled.
From fiscal 2019, we have signed an affiliation contract with the professional runner, Yuki Kawauchi, with the same thoughts of supporting local community by utilizing sports. Currently, ADI has affiliated relationships with 14 disabled athletes (as of July 1, 2019), and in addition to spreading sports for the disabled and related educational activities, we are working with Mr. Kawauchi on a marathon caravan that is contributing to the promotion of sports, the vitality of local communities and inclusive society.
As society and social issues become more diverse, we believe that when people accept their diverse individuality and can play an active role, that will lead to regional revitalization and the creation of a resilient society. We will continue to make vigorous efforts to reach these goals.
A wheelchair basketball experience event
   Regional issues
 Realizing an inclusive society*
Support activities of sports for the disabled, universal manner seminars, traffic safety seminars for foreigners Tourism business operator seminars, seminars for SME businesses (labor risk countermeasures, cyber risk countermeasures) Business continuity plan (BCP) seminars, earthquake resistance seminars
*A society where everyone has mutual respect for character and individuality, while supporting one another
 Business support, industrial development
 Reducing and preventing disasters
Proposal menu
        Social issues
A falling birthrate and an aging population, as well
as the concentration of populations in urban areas, are accelerating the contraction of regional economies
Solutions
Support regional revitalization that meets the needs of communities
Impact on society
Realization of resilient community development
Economic impact on the Group
● Reinforcement of customer base relating to regional revitalization
● Expansion of the sales market in line with the creation of inter-regional networks
   058 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
         Support
“good health and
longevity”
Development of“health management support-type products”
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, MSI, ADI and MSI Aioi Life are collaborating with the University of Tokyo Center of Innovation (COI), the hub for a “Self-Managing Healthy Society,” and have launched initiatives aimed at improving the health of citizens. As a first initiative, MSI and ADI are working to develop insurance that supports “health management” businesses by utilizing the “Health Management” app equipped with a health risk predictive model powered by AI developed at the University of Tokyo COI.
  Extending a healthy life expectancy
Japan is already in an era of a super-aging society and is under pressure to deal with a range of social issues, such as alleviating the burden of medical expenses. Extending healthy life expectancy is a critical area in the government’s Future Investment Strategy. Health management is garnering attention as an initiative to support this, and we have taken up the health management of employees as a management issue. The goals are not limited to health maintenance and improvement, as well as heightened productivity, but also, we believe, this is linked to enhancing corporate value. For this reason, interest is rising in acquiring certification that cites companies for practicing excellent health management.
Support for health management in companies
This initiative seeks to attain sustainable growth in a super-aging society, offering value-added-type insurance products that contribute to enhanced health, specifically targeting those companies that are making efforts at health management. Regarding employees’ working to enhance health, much interest is paid to the utilization of results data from health checkups. Building on this, while using a health management app equipped with an AI-powered predictive health risk model, we offer insurance that provides coverage for reduced income on account of any unfortunate decline in health. Taking this a step further, we can support corporate health management by developing and offering products in combination with the consulting provided by MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting.
The “health management app” enables visualization of future risk of lifestyle diseases as a “degree of health,” based on the input health checkup results. It also offers personalization with the display of the
user's face, providing an image of what one's face would
look like in the future if risks are neglected. In addition,
   offering advice that supports daily “health activity goals (challenges)” and how to accomplish them by AI, it provides behavior modification support that leads to improved health. Moreover, insurance that provides coverage for reduced income on account of lost worktime enables employees to dedicate themselves to medical treatment with an easy mind; as a result, employees can facilitate a balance between work and treatment. We will continue to further accelerate initiatives together with the University of Tokyo COI and extend this throughout the Group.
The health management app
Group-wide study meeting in session
        Social issues
In consideration of rising medical care expenses in a super-aging society, there is a demand for health management and enhancement for each and every citizen.
Solutions
Offer products and services that support the health management efforts made by companies.
Impact on society
● Creation of a workplace environment where employees can enhance their health and maintain their employment
● Heightened corporate productivity
● Reduced future of medical expenses burden
Economic impact on the Group
● Expansion of sales market to companies making efforts at health management
● Development of new insurance services in a super-aging society INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 059
     
 Special Feature Creating Shared Value
        Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation
Assessing climate change impact on flood risk at a global scale:“LaRC-FloodTM Project”
For returning the outcomes of climate change impact assessment research to the society, the MS&AD Insurance Group began joint research with The University of Tokyo and the Shibaura Institute of Technology in 2018. Last year, we launched a website that enables users to view the estimated flood risk evolving worldwide through the Web-based geographic information (web-GIS) system. Currently, we are undertaking a research that will lead to more precise predictions and assessments of flood risk.
*Introduced as the research results of “Global Flood Risk under Climate Change” in the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Fifth Report (IPCC-AR5).
    Growing flood risks associated with rising temperatures
In recent years, the global mean land surface temperature has been rising and it has reached a level of roughly 1-degree Celsius higher than that of the pre-industrial revolution. If climate change continues, the flood risk will rise worldwide and it could have a huge impact on the business activities
of corporations. In order to minimize the risks of climate change and to propose a reasonable adaptation measure for a society, collaboration with scientists is needed.
Bring the outcomes of flood risk assessment research to society
Associate Professor Dai Yamazaki, Institute of Industrial Science, The University of Tokyo
Meeting with Professor Hirabayashi (right) of the Shibaura Institute of Technology and Associate Professor Yamazaki (left) of The University of Tokyo
 Given the globalization of the economy in recent years, a quantitative global-scale estimation of natural disaster risk is desired. Our research group has developed a flood inundation model that can be applied to a global scale, and we have set our goal to reduce flood damage through flood risk assessments under climate change as well as real-time flood simulations based on climate projections and weather forecast data. Precise risk calculation requires
both flood inundation models and accurate terrain data, however, the baseline topography information such as elevation data is usually not available in developing countries. We are currently combining satellite observations and big data analysis to develop highly accurate terrain data for the whole world. As the flood simulations in data-sparse areas have improved, we started the collaborative work with the MS&AD Insurance Group to develop and implement a large-area flood hazard map that covers the entire Asia region. Researchers like us are truly excited when research outcomes are used to solve the actual problems of society. Working together with an insurance company is one step toward the implementation of measures to reduce the climate change risk to society, and it makes me even more motivated to conduct this research.
A Mekong River Delta flooding simulation based on the global river model CaMa-Flood
       Social issues
Weather-related damage caused by climate change raises the risk of impairing business continuity
Solutions
Support management strategy and business investments that utilize forecasts of future weather damage occurrence
Impact on society
● Business activities that respond to climate change risks Economic impact on the Group
● Strengthened relationships with customer companies as well as the continuation of stable relationships
● Aggregation of expertise in the climate change risk field owing to industry-academia collaboration
   060 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     Creating Shared Value
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
       Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
“GK Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type)”, and“Suma-Ho (Smartphone)
‘Driving Ability’Diagnosis”Animal Alert App
We provide “GK Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type)” along with the smartphone app “Suma-Ho (Smartphone) ‘Driving Ability’ Diagnosis,” a service that provides audio alerts that facilitate caution with drivers when they approach areas where it is common to have traffic accidents involving wild animals. The service was launched in 2016 in Okinawa Prefecture to prevent accidents involving the Japanese rail, a rare bird known locally as “yanbaru kuina.” Currently, the service is available in a number of areas.
When a driver approaches a location or area where there are often accidents involving animals, based on data held by national or local authorities, an audio alert will warn drivers to be cautious. The content of the alert changes depending on the animals’ habits, the time of day they are active and if the weather affects their activity.
     Rare animals are in danger of automobile accidents
Every year, traffic accidents involving wild animals occur throughout the country, causing damage to vehicles and harm to humans. In addition, these “road-kill” accidents are the top cause of rare animal deaths, such as with the bird yanbaru kuina, a Japanese rail. Depending on the area, such traffic accidents also lead to a loss of regional biodiversity.
Recently, due to an increase in the numbers of large mammals, such as deer, and the numbers of tourists which lack information of the conditions involving wild animals, certain areas, such as Hokkaido and Okinawa,
are experiencing a serious problem with an increase in accidents with these wild animals.
of
 Protecting regional eco-system by supporting safe driving
Misato Shirai, Planning & Development Team, Automobile Underwriting Department, MSI
Supporting safe driving is a critical mission for a non-life insurance company. Recently, the top cause of rare animal deaths has been traffic accidents, and this is becoming a serious problem. Putting MSI’s technology to use works to prevent accidents before they occur, and it is a meaningful feeling to help provide a solution to this problem. In recent years, there have been an increasing number of tourists from abroad, and with an increasing number of opportunities to drive in areas of abundant nature, this gives me an even greater sense of mission to support safe driving. The result is the protection of rare animals indigenous to an area and the country’s regional eco-system. The creation of this kind of socially shared value leads to the building of a new ideal society.
Audio alerts depending on an animal’s habits
You are driving too fast.
You are driving too fast.
Prescribed time elapses.
Area where rare animals are active
This area has an abundance precious animals.
Audio alerts when speed is far too fast for an area where accidents involving animals are common
         Social issues
The number of rare animals is decreasing as a result of traffic accidents, with the possibility of exerting an impact on the regional eco-system
Solutions
Support the prevention of traffic accidents with a safe driving app that includes animal habits data
Impact on society
● Prevention of traffic accidents while securing safe and smooth driving conditions
● Biodiversity in regions and conservation of tourism resources Economic impact on the Group
● Lower number of payments as a result of traffic accidents
● Building of relationships with local authorities and the
tourism industry, and cultivation of new markets
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 061
   
 Special Feature Creating Shared Value
        Work toward the
realization of
“leaving no one behind”
Offering fire insurance specifically for the housing of indigenous inhabitants
EPIC Homes, which partners with MSIG Malaysia, is a social enterprise that engages in support schemes with the goal of improving the living environment of indigenous people. Recruiting corporate and individual sponsors and developing programs whereby homes are constructed by volunteers and these people themselves, the enterprise works to help raise living standards. Until now, there have been 136 homes constructed. MSIG Malaysia has developed fire insurance specific to these dwellings and
has packaged compensation associated with the support scheme. Now, they are offering fire insurance to these constructed homes. Preparing compensation for homes allows these indigenous inhabitants to continue their residence with peace of mind. At the same time, it eliminates the worry that along with the fire, the value of the donation will also be lost. This makes it easy for sponsors to participate in the support scheme.
    The indigenous people who have been left behind by economic development
In Malaysia, economic development, primarily in urban areas, has proceeded at a dizzying pace. On the other hand, the poverty and living environments of indigenous tribes have become a major social problem. The indigenous people known as the “Orang Asli” live and work mainly in forested areas. Among them, 35% live in conditions of extreme poverty and 82% are said to require aid and support for residences. Meanwhile, the efforts of social enterprises that tackle such issues have been drawing attention. (Source: EPIC Homes website)
A new way to solve social issues and the value arising from partnerships
【Epic Homes CEO Mr.John-son Oei】
We are very happy to be working with MSIG Malaysia who share our vision of developing community-based housing solutions for the Orang Asli communities. All our partners bring something different and valuable to the table and so has MSIG Malaysia. This bespoke fire insurance product, will make our projects more sustainable and assuring to our sponsors, which ultimately benefits the Orang Asli residents too.
【MSIG Malaysia CEO Chua Seck Guan】
We are delighted to be working with Epic Homes on this very meaningful project and have learned a lot from it. The experience from this project has allowed us to create this unique fire insurance product for marginalised communities.We are open to extend this fire insurance product to any other Social Enterprise / NGO who may work on similar models in providing houses, schools, or any buildings that serve the under-served.
         Social issues
While economic development continues in Malaysia, solutions to the problem of poverty among indigenous inhabitants and improving their residential environment are lagging.
Solutions
Build homes covered by compensation in collaboration with NGOs, companies and the indigenous community
Impact on society
● Improved habitation environment for indigenous inhabitants
● Heightened community sustainability
Economic impact on the Group
● Acquisition of expertise regarding the development of insurance products and services that contribute to social issue solutions
   062 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
The Sustainability Contest 2018
Let’s talk about our Story of Value Creation
The Group-wide Sustainability Contest 2018 was held with the goal of supporting our employees understand the significance of our“Creating Shared Value”(CSV) and sustainability efforts so that they can incorporate them into their daily work in order to realize the medium-term management plan“Vision 2021.”
Award presentation Presentation Award winners
The contest had 526 entries, with participants from Japan and abroad. The top six winners each gave a presentation before a review board, with 61 group officers determining the Grand Prize winner.
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
       Initiative themes
 Outline of the various initiatives
   Grand Prize Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
“Achievement of the SDGs through Visionary Meetings”: Solving hospital management and beef cattle ranch manage- ment issues through brainstorming sessions
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
System proposals in line with dementia-related ordinances in Kobe City
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Regional revitalization efforts using regional (industry, government and academic) networks
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
Regional revitalization efforts and the promotion of MSA Heart Ribbon PT breast cancer and uterine cancer seminars
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
Primary education and training to support happiness in the era of 100-year life spans
MSIG Holdings (Asia)
Activities supporting the conservation of biodiversity: Protecting the diversity of life on Earth that cannot be protected by insurance
Message from an award winner
Grand Prize Winner MSI Hokkaido Branch
Ideas created through “Visionary Meetings” contributed to the creation of products providing compensation for beef-related risks and coverage for maintenance and repair costs for expensive medical equipment. What these two projects had in common was the goal of providing solutions to local challenges, including support for a declining livestock industry and support in maintaining medical infrastructure in areas where the aging of the population is apparent.
Brainstorming sessions called “Visionary Meetings” are held once a month so that participants can voice their various ideas for solving customer issues with insurance and contribute toward achieving these goals. Products generated as a result of these sessions include beef cattle insurance for cattle ranchers and insurance coverage for expensive medical equipment.
The design of a mechanism that allows coverage in areas not covered by personal liability insurance when an accident is caused by a person with dementia contributes to Kobe City’s effort to become a city more friendly to those suffering from dementia.
The population of Yamagata Prefecture is undergoing a marked decline. This initiative focuses on regional revitalization though collaboration between industry, government and academia, including using Visual Drive, which utilizes telematics technology, to solve delay issues in the Yamagata City community bus timetable.
With a sharp increase in the number of women suffering from breast cancer and uterine cancer, this initiative involves a national seminar to promote understanding of women-specific cancers and the need for checkups. This initiative focuses on supporting the long and prosperous lives of our customers.
This initiative focuses on the development of training using a card game that illustrates changes in time, money and health in an era of 100-year life spans. This supports customer-centric sales approach.
By deepening our understanding on biodiversity and actively engaging in conservation and awareness-related activities, we not only help to reduce the occurrence of natural disasters but also promote a sustainable level of prosperity in society and improve our planet’s biodiversity.
Assessment from a director who took part in the review
Outside Director Mariko Bando
Until now, CSV and the SDGs might have been seen as distant concepts. However, it was fantastic to see 526 groups coming together with the goal of applying these ideas to their work and in the process forming an even tighter working relationship. I really hope that these presentations can lift the awareness of all Group employees.
                INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 063

  Special Feature Creating Shared Value
World Map of Natural Catastrophes in 20181
In recent years, the effects of climate change have been felt around the world, with powerful typhoons, hurricanes and cyclones, torrential rainfall, drought, heat waves and other abnormal weather causing damage more frequently. Moreover, the scale of these events has grown, leading to damage that greatly exceeds existing assumptions throughout the world.
The MS&AD Insurance Group has helped its customers mitigate economic losses caused by major disasters through claims payments, supporting the restoration of business activities and the livelihoods of people around the world.
      Europe EMEA 1 January Cyclone Friederike
Japan APAC 2 July Flooding
Japan APAC 1 September Typhoon Jebi
      Insured loss2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss3 MS&AD’s share4
Insured loss2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss5
MS&AD’s share4
Americas 2
¥231.7 billion ¥0.56 billion 0.25%
Insured loss2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss5
MS&AD’s share4
¥297.9 billion (¥195.5 billion6)
¥84.56 billion 28.38%
(43.23%7)
USA
Hurricane Michael Insured loss2 ¥1,103.6 billion
¥938.0 billion (¥1,067.8 billion6)
¥100.24 billion 10.69%
(9.39%7)
                  October
          MS&AD’s net incurred loss3 MS&AD’s share4
¥19.95 billion 1.81%
                      Europe
EMEA 2
¥78.9 billion ¥0.0 billion 0.00%
EMEA 3
Americas 1 Insured loss2 ¥1,324.3 billion
USA (California)
    Flooding MS&AD’s net incurred loss3
Europe
February Winter Weather
November Wildfire
October
      Insured loss2 MS&AD’s share4
MS&AD’s net incurred loss3 MS&AD’s share4
¥28.01 billion 2.12%
USA
September
               Oceania, Philippines, China APAC 3 September Typhoon Mangkhut
Insured loss2 ¥143.4 billion MS&AD’s net incurred loss5 ¥1.45 billion MS&AD’s share4 1.02%
Americas 3 Hurricane Florence
      Insured loss2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss3 MS&AD’s share4
¥77.2 billion ¥0.03 billion 0.04%
Insured loss2 ¥584.9 billion MS&AD’s net incurred loss3 ¥6.72 billion MS&AD’s share4 1.15%
    1. The three most costly insurance market losses from natural catastrophes for the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and APAC (Asia and Oceania) during 2018 as listed in Aon’s “Weather, Climate & Catastrophe Insight-2018 Annual Report”
2. Insured loss: Estimated amount of insurance market loss covered by non-life insurance companies around the world (Source: Aon’s “Weather, Climate & Catastrophe Insight-2018 Annual Report”). Exchange rate: US1$ = ¥110.36 (used for internal purposes at the end of FY2018)
3. As of December 31, 2018. Total net incurred loss (claims paid + outstanding claims, reflects recoverable and anticipated recoverable amounts from outward reinsurance contracts) by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and their overseas subsidiaries. Excludes claims less than ¥50 million at entities outside the affected countries.
4. Ratio of total net incurred loss of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and their overseas subsidiaries to the insured loss. 5. As of March 31, 2019. Total net incurred loss of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance.
6. As of March 31, 2019. Insurance claims paid in Japan (includes estimates) (Source: The General Insurance Association of Japan)
7. Ratio of total incurred losses by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance to Note 6 above.
064 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Creating Shared Value
Climate-Related Financial Disclosure
To achieve a“Resilient and Sustainable Society”, the MS&AD Insurance Group is tackling climate changes mitigation and adaptation through Creating Shared Value (CSV initiatives).
In consideration of climate-related influences on society and industry, it is becoming increasingly important for companies to disclose information.
The Group endorses the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and promotes the disclosure of financial information. See the 2019 Sustainability Report (scheduled for release in September) for details.
Governance: Climate-Related Internal Controls
The CFO, CRO, Sustainability Committee, Risk Management Committee and others report on climate-related matters to the Board of Directors, which then discusses and determines the major strategies of the Group.
    Decision Making and Supervision
Execution of Tasks
Group Management Committee
  Board of Directors
Reporting
Task-Specific Committees
 Sustainability Committee Risk Management Committee
Strategy: Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
Reporting
Administrator CFO
Administrator CRO
   The MS&AD Insurance Group recognizes the increased frequency and severity of disasters caused by climate change as a risk. We ensure financial soundness and stable profits through reinsurance and catastrophe bond arrangements while maintaining appropriate underwriting with quantitative assessments for natural disaster risks with those influences taken into consideration.
In addition, technological innovation aimed at carbon-free society, changes in industrial structures and markets, strict environmental regulations and other such transitions in society hold the potential to affect corporate business activities. We ascertain the impacts of these changes and conduct dialogues with investee companies to improve corporate value and encourage sustainable growth.
On the other hand, providing consulting and insurance services in preparation for industrial and economic shifts caused by climate change is an opportunity for the Group. We develop products and services via research including collaborations with industry, government and academia.
Risk Management
See PP. 66‒68, 118
See PP. 50, 53, 60
    In terms of the risk involved with growing natural-disaster-related claims payments and climate change, the MS&AD Insurance Group controls the retained amount and the impact on profitability for the entire Group based on assessments of the management condition of each Group company and reports such to the Risk Management Committee. To improve the natural disaster risk assessment, we are increasing the sophistication of risk management by incorporating climate change factors into stress tests.
 Metrics and Targets
The MS&AD Insurance Group manages progress in initiatives designed to contribute to the mitigation and adaptation of climate change and to create shared value with society as non-financial indicators. We also have established CO2 emission reduction targets by 2050 for the entire Group.
See P. 28
Supervision
Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 065

   Our Platform
Management Foundation
ERM and Risk Management
The MS&AD Insurance Group formulates management plans in accordance with the Group Risk Appetite Statement with the aim of improving profitability and enhancing capital efficiency while ensuring soundness based on the ERM cycle. Capital is allocated in accordance with the ERM cycle and the risks assumed, and by monitoring return on risk (ROR)* for the risks assumed we take steps to strengthen our risk controls and underwriting. *ROR = Group Adjusted Profit/Integrated risk amount
  ERM Cycle
ERM is implemented through the planning, execution and monitoring phases.
  Planning phase
Execution phase
Monitoring phase
1 FormulatestrategiesbasedontheGroupRisk Appetite Statement and establish capital allocation amounts based on the level of assumable risk.
2 Takeriskswithintherisklimitsbasedonthecapital allocation amounts.
3 Conductregularmonitoringoffinancialsoundness, profitability and capital efficiency.
4 Basedontheoutcomeofmonitoring,examineand implement any necessary measures.
Planning phase
  Monitoring phase
Execution phase
  Initiatives to Improve ROR
Trends in ROR, which is an indicator of the profits that can be earned on risks assumed, are a proxy for the earnings power of the Group’s risk portfolio. The MS&AD
Insurance Group is working to improve ROR based on the ERM cycle and aims to achieve Group Adjusted ROE of 10% in fiscal 2021.
Initiatives to Improve ROR
Subdivide the monitoring targets and aim to secure a return in accordance with capital costs
Develop products mainly geared toward the domestic low-interest rate environment
Strengthen existing businesses centered on MS Amlin and diversify our business portfolio geographically and by class
Improve returns by expanding and diversifying investment assets
the principal types of risk with an impact on the Group’s business portfolio, stipulates how risk factors are to be evaluated both quantitatively and qualitatively, and promotes risk management based on those evaluations.
ROR Outlook
 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business
International Business
Asset Management (excluding strategic equity holdings)
(%) 15
12 9 6 3 0
ROR
Group Adjusted ROE
     2017 2018
FY2019 (Forecast)
2021 (FY) (Outlook)
 Control of Risk
The MS&AD Group has established the MS&AD Insurance Group Risk Management Basic Policy, which underpins the common risk management exercised throughout the Group. Specifically, the policy identifies
Please refer to the Group’s official website for more risk management information.
●Risk management (https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/erm/risk.html ) ●Risk Management Basic Policy ●Risk management structure ●Insurance business risks ●Risk management in the international business
●Crisis Management System (including the Business Continuity Management System)
 Website Content
066 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Management Foundation
Appendix
Data Section
 Specifying Risks
The Group specifies material risks that affect management as follows in fiscal 2019.
Group Material Risks
The Group identifies material risks to be controlled by management, formulates a Management Action Plan and regularly monitors the status with respect to individual risk.
FY2019
Occurrence of a large-scale natural catastrophe in Japan or overseas
Sharp fluctuations in financial markets in Japan or overseas
Increase in credit risk and nonperforming loans
Occurrence of behavior that is detrimental to the corporate value of the Group, loss of social credibility
Occurrence of cyberattacks that cause large-scale and serious impediments to operations, information leaks, the payment of insurance, and the frequent occurrence of large-scale leaks and illicit use of personal information and confidential information
Frequent occurrence of IT system failures, the occurrence of critical IT system failures and large-scale IT system development plan-related progress delays, shortfalls, budget overruns and expected effects being unrealized
Pandemic of a new highly toxic strain of influenza
Group Emerging Risks
Group Emerging Risks are defined as events that could affect the Group business from a medium- to longer-term perspective and events that could affect the Group business that management should be aware of but are difficult to measure in terms of scale and timing. We regularly monitor Group Emerging Risks.
FY2019
Declining birthrate and aging population, advances in medical technology Resource depletion
Climate change
Environmental damage
Trends in new technologies and mechanisms (including the spread of IoT, sharing economy) that significantly alter the economy and consumer behavior Newly established/revised domestic and overseas laws and systems
Major changes to domestic labor supply-demand
National governance/political turmoil, dysfunction, collapse, interstate conflict
Japanese security crisis
                    Declining Birthrate and Aging Population
The domestic insurance market will contract as the birthrate declines and the population ages, but
growth in the elderly population and longer life spans have created new needs for insurance. The Group is continuously developing new products and services that support people’s health and longevity that include providing “Tontine Annuities,”* adding guarantees for
*See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 94) for details.
dementia nursing care and launching “whole life nursing/dementia plans” that sufficiently address anxiety over nursing care. We are undertaking key measures to address the risks associated with falling birthrates in Japan through reforms of our business portfolio that involve strengthening our international business and geographical/business diversification.
   Environmental Damage
Insurance companies might have to pay out insurance claims based on underwriting provisions as companies claim massive amounts of compensation for the environmental damage they have caused by pollution and/or significant environmental burdens. Amid progressive climate change and natural resource depletion, it looks like concerns are deepening and risks are rising regarding such phenomena
within society. The MS&AD Insurance Group is working to provide appropriate insurance underwriting and reinsurance while monitoring trends in global social concerns and legal regulations that address the causes of environmental pollution and burdens and focusing on the provision of risk consulting services related to environmental damage from business activities.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 067

  ERM
Strengthening Natural Disaster Risk Management
   In 2018, several major natural disasters occurred in Japan and overseas. In Japan, the number of accident claims received Group-wide was 520,000, which far exceeds
the Great East Japan Earthquake. Overseas, there was a significant amount of natural catastrophe losses, such as those caused by hurricanes in the United States and the California wildfires.
The MS&AD Insurance Group has built a system
able to ensure the soundness of the entire Group by performing stress tests versus large-scale insured losses caused by earthquakes as well as hurricanes in the United States, while securing the necessary capital based on risk
criteria that uses event probability of once in 200 years. In fiscal 2018, the Group was able to reliably sustain operations while maintaining a proper level of financial soundness.
Recently, however, the scale and frequency of natural disasters, such as major hurricanes and typhoons, have been increasing. Under these circumstances, the Group intends to advance the level of its natural catastrophe risk management by refining methods for measuring risks related to windstorms and floods in the United States, enhancing stress tests, and promoting research and assessments of natural catastrophe risks in Asia.
 Controlling the Retained Amount of Natural Catastrophe Risk
 While the amount of natural catastrophe damage in Japan reached a record high, we covered this loss using reinsurance as a means of recovering insurance money as well as catastrophe reserves* that are accumulated each period to cover large-scale insurance payments like those seen recently. Throughout the Group, we redoubled our efforts to control the retained amount of natural catastro- phe risk while implementing and enhancing measures to mitigate risks of earnings fluctuations during the period. Specifically, we
1) Lower the natural catastrophe retention on a Group-
wide basis
・Lower the natural catastrophe retention including
that for windstorm and floods in the United States
Cyber Risk Initiatives
・Further enhance the profitability of the reinsurance business
2) Reduce the risk of profit fluctuations
・By enhancing the respective existing reinsurance
coverage of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance for domestic natural catastro- phes and creating joint reinsurance treaty coverage shared by the two companies that covers annual aggregate losses, the Group reduces the losses on a once-in-10-years basis by around 20% year on year, decreasing the risk of profit fluctuation.
*See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 90) for details.
 We have developed a Group-wide platform to address cyber risks, which are a common challenge within the Group.
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance closely cooperate to provide comprehensive risk consulting/diagnostic services to corporate customers.
We launched a multifaceted risk assessment service in cooperation with Verizon Japan and BitSight Technologies.
(February 2018)
We launched an intelligence information provision service (IntSights) in cooperation with the American company IntSights Cyber Intelligence (July 2018)
● Gather and analyze online data using a proprietary algorithm and machine learning
● Provide monthly reports on intelligence information
       Internal corporate risk diagnosis
E.g., personal information security, network vulnerability
068 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
External corporate risk diagnosis
E.g., vulnerability check for external risks
   We aim to advance ERM to address the emergence of new risks, such as the risk of multiple natural disasters and cyberattacks.
Senior Executive Officer, CRO Fumiaki Ohkawabata

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Promotion of Compliance
Positioning compliance as a top Group management priority, the MS&AD Insurance Group requires that all its officers and employees rigorously comply with all laws and regulations related to business activities.
Mechanism to Ensure the Effectiveness of Rules and Systems
Our Platform
Management Foundation
Appendix
Data Section
  The MS&AD Insurance Group Compliance Basic Policy is shared across the entire Group as the basis for our approach to compliance. The Compliance Program is a companywide plan of action for compliance that was approved by the Board of Directors of each group company. Status updates and issues that need to be addressed for the action plan are reported to the
Compliance Committees and Board of Directors of
each Group company. The Quality Improvement and Compliance Committee was formed to improve quality across the Group and monitor the Group, ensuring thorough compliance and establishing corporate ethics. Important matters are reported to the Board of Directors.
  Initiatives to Protect Customer Information
Based on the MS&AD Insurance Group Basic Policy for Management of Customer Information, internal rules have been created for the proper acquisition, use and storage of customer information, while related security measures have been implemented with employee training and internal inspections as well. Our personal information protection policy is published on the official
website, given below, as the MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., Declaration of Personal Information Protection (Privacy Policy). Group companies are prepared to take appropriate courses of action in the event of an information leak or other incident and have created measures to respond rapidly to incidents and prevent their reoccurrence.
  Initiatives for Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism, Fair Operating Practices
To prevent Group company products and services from being used in money laundering and the financing
of terrorism, the Group put in place a “Policy on Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism” and, as a Group, is working on consistent measures in these two areas. Having also formulated a “Policy on Fair Operating Practices” the Group pursues Fair Operating Practices including “prevention of
corruption including bribes” and “compliance with laws and regulations regarding political activities and political funds.” Furthermore, given the tighter regulations overseas, we are strengthening related initiatives at overseas entities, including setting up the necessary systems and training based on the compliance manuals used at overseas entities.
  Response to Global Regulations for Personal Information Protection
As companies around the world share information about individuals amid increasing globalization, governments have moved to strengthen regulations that protect individual rights. Following the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which was enacted by the European Union in May 2018, the Group entered into a contract called Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) with each Group representative company, the SCC being one of the
methods by which personal data within the European Union can be transferred out of the region. In the years to come, while continuing to closely monitor trends
in global regulations covering personal information protection, the Group will conduct appropriate responses to further improve its information management systems both inside and outside Japan.
 Please see our official website for more information on compliance.
 Compliance
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/compliance.html
● Compliance Basic Policy ● Compliance promotion structure
● Activities (Compliance Program, Compliance Manual, Compliance-related Training, Compliance-related Inspection, Monitoring
Group Company and Speak-up system (Whistleblowing system))
● Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (Policy on Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the
Financing of Terrorism)
● Prevention of Corruption and Bribery (Policy on Fair Operating Practices)
● Compliance promotion structure in International Business Operations
● Tax compliance efforts (Tax Management Principles)
Information Management
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/information.html
● Basic View and Policy ● Structure of Information Security Management and Monitoring Activities ● Declaration of Personal Information Protection (Privacy Policy)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 069

  Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
Promoting Diversity in Human Assets
Under its medium-term management plan“Vision 2021,”the MS&AD Insurance Group is positioning initiatives for the creation of management platforms that enable employees to play active roles as the support for putting the story of Value Creation into practice. At the same time,
the Group is working on development of human asset* and diversity and inclusion as sources of the Group’s comprehensive strength.
*With the idea that each and every member of the MS&AD Insurance Group is valued, we used the term “human assets” instead of “human resources.”
Human Asset Development
Envisioning ideal employees as those “who learn and think by themselves, take up challenges and continue to grow,” the MS&AD Insurance Group educates and supports its staff through measures such as training, OJT and self-education programs.
  Group-wide human asset development
While conducting Group-wide collective training sessions for new employees, human asset exchanges within the Group and an exchange training system (trainee system), we
are working on improving the skills of our human assets throughout the Group. In addition, we are introducing a system for employees to set challenging goals and to receive career counseling as a scheme that works to spur them on to
Development of professional human assets
To nurture human assets and enhance the skills employees need to better utilize digital technology, we are developing an educational program, as a foundation to promote digitalization, in collaboration with the Faculty of Information Networking for Innovation and Design, Toyo University (Ken Sakamura, Dean of the Faculty) and Shiga University. In tandem with this, we have established Global Digital Hubs (GDHs) in Tokyo and Singapore in our pursuit of promoting the use of digitalization and rolling it out globally. These GDHs will perform as sites that promote digitalization among employees and agents, and facilitate the development of digital businesses in the countries of ASEAN.
A meeting with the Global Digital Hub At a training in Singapore
Development of global human assets
tackle the challenges of new business areas and to realize motivation and growth. Evaluations are not seniority-based. As employees conduct interviews with their supervisors several times a year, sharing goals, issues and results, this raises the level of acceptance and fairness of the performance review. Consequently, this leads to the nurturing of employees who share how they envision their careers.
In addition, to respond to changes in the social structure, such as exposure to new risks, we are systematically cultivating human assets with specialized skills, such as data scientists and actuaries who are capable of excelling on the world stage.
   2015 2016
86 94
2017 Fiscal 2018
100 103
  Possessing a network covering 49 countries and regions, the Group employees at its overseas bases number approximately 9,000 people. To train specialists equipped with an abundance of cosmopolitan sense and expertise, the Group has created systems to promote mutual exchanges between Japan and its various locations throughout the world.
*Number of professional actuaries employed by the MS&AD Group with specialized skills for making full use of probability, statistical and other mathematical techniques used in product development, risk management and other processes (as of April 1 of the subsequent fiscal year).
The Global Digital Hub in Tokyo
     Systems Content
 System for training overseas Secondment system
Global trainee system
Headquarters postings for overseas-based local employees
070 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
・Training system for studying international business skills, languages, etc., at overseas subsidiaries, local insurance companies and universities
・Secondment system to obtain an MBA
Number of employees who participated in the systemin fiscal 2018: 52
Headquarters employees are given work experience at overseas bases, and employees of overseas bases can gain work experience in Japan for short periods.
Number of employees who participated in the system in fiscal 2018: 51 headquarters employees and 61 overseas employees
A system for temporarily posting overseas local employees to the headquarters in Japan.
In fiscal 2018, there were 11 such employees who engaged in business in Japan.
Overseas employees participating in a program in Japan.
Number of actuaries*
   
     CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature
Our Platform
Management Foundation
Appendix
Data Section
 Diversity and Inclusion
To create an environment where all employees are able to maximize their abilities and work with vitality, given their various backgrounds, individuality and sense of values, we are making even greater efforts toward diversity and inclusion (D&I) based on a framework that unites the Company and the Group’s domestic insurance companies.
  Overcoming unconscious bias and ongoing cultivation of female director candidates
Last fiscal year, we put in place a framework to promote D&I within the Group and commenced organization-wide efforts to achieve this. To this end, we realized overcoming “unconscious bias” is one of critical issue for the Group.
In fact, the way of communication and behavior on a day-to-day basis of managers who assign a role and opportunities may give great impact on the level of fostering people who work with the managers eventually. The goal here is to recognize our respective biases and the preconceived notions that everyone has and to find a pattern of behavior with which we can control them.
In addition, how to reflect a diverse range of opinions and sense of values into decision making process at the management level is another important issue. This is the reason we formulated the goal of having the ratio of females on the Board of Directors, including auditors at the holding company be 30% or higher by fiscal 2025.We must develop the system to continuously cultivate female director candidates to achieve this goal. At female general
 Executive Officer in charge of Diversity and Inclusion
Naomi Motojima
managers meetings, newly formed from this fiscal year, we undertake such initiatives as offering seminars inviting guest speakers from within and outside the Group, as well as selecting Group-wide director mentors and appointing part-time directors to affiliated companies.
In response to the comments of employees who are concerned with balancing work with caregiving, we have produced a balance support handbook and established an external help desk for consultations, starting to under- stand reality of the situation. We will actively engage with employees bringing honest feedback such those "D&I ambassadors"* who have been appointed by each company, and apply them to raise the bar of our initiatives.
 *Employees from each Group company who offer their thoughts, opinions and comments on promoting D&I.
Promoting the career development of women
Women in management positions
We in the Group believe that having female employees undertake work in which they can play a greater part and tackle challenging roles, while leveraging their own strengths and character, is critical to “employee growth” and, furthermore, to “corporate growth.” Having established the goal of 15% of management positions (at domestic Group companies) filled by women in fiscal 2020, we have been conducting ongoing training and other activities that foster enhanced skills and a consciousness of career advancement so that
Female directors
In May 2019, the Group’s CEO joined “30% Club Japan,” the Japan chapter of the worldwide campaign to turn out female board members. In addition to the leadership development training programs and mentor system to promote women to management positions, we have newly created a Group-wide network of female general managers and are endeavoring to nurture and turn out female directors.
Changing mindset of directors and management
MS&AD has conducted D&I directors’ training for Group directors so that they could deepen their understanding of unconscious bias. Moreover, to raise the effectiveness of diversity at the management level, a D&I factors have been incorporated into the directors' evaluation processes.
As an initiative to change mindset of those in management-level positions, management training and e-learning are implemented to foster an understanding of unconscious bias and to learn methods to proactively recognize and control one’s own bias.
In addition, without regard to nationality, gender, age or handicap, we have adopted management that honors diversity as an evaluation category for those in management positions.
women will be able to perform in management positions. As a result, there were 782 women in management (manager position and above) as of April 1, 2019, with a women-in-management ratio of 12.4%. This is steadily increasing every year.
In addition, the Group’s CEO has stated his support for the “Declaration on Action by a Group of Male Leaders Who Will Create a Society in which Women Shine,” made by a group of corporate male leaders who are striving to promote the active roles of women.
Note: See p. 43 for trends in the ratio of women in management positions.
   Outside Director Mariko Bando delivers a keynote speech at the Group’s seminar for women
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 071

  Employment of people with disabilities
In June 2018, we established a subsidiary, MS&AD ABILITYWORKS Co., Ltd., to promote the employment and active participation of people with disabilities. This company develops businesses that utilizes the many individual talents of employees who possess richly distinct characters and seeks to provide a workplace where employees will be satisfied.
Group companies are also promoting the hiring of para-athletes (sports athletes with disabilities) and providing support for their activities as athletes.
Total number and ratio of domestic employees with disabilities in fiscal 2018*
Ratio of employees with disabilities Number of employees with disabilities
2.37% 711
*The five domestic Group insurance companies and the holding company (as of June 1, 2019)
A checkmark indicates that FY2018 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
     For more detailed information regarding D&I, please see the Company’s“D&I Promotion Report”on the official website. (Japanese only)
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/csr/employee2/diversity.html
Work-Style Reform and Health Management
 Together with its efforts to promote work-style reform from fiscal 2016 and to cut working hours through initiatives such as “leaving work before 7 p.m. as a general rule,” “promoting the taking of vacation days” and “enhancing business efficiency,” the MS&AD Group endeavors to increase productivity by executing management functions that work to raise the expertise of each and every employee and that utilizes their diverse capabilities.
In addition, we are creating an environment where a diverse range of employees will stay with the Group and be able to play a role by making flexible working styles ubiquitous so that employees can utilize time and location effectively. This is demonstrated by our providing such options as working from home and satellite spaces, flex time that allows for changes in working hours in a day and a paid vacation system provided in half-day units, or even hourly units.
The Group is establishing various systems that enable employees to balance their work and life while having a sense of
satisfaction and growth, and to work with vitality. For example, one system enables employees, who are to work in the same area without getting transferred, to work at another location, based on specific reasons, while another system allows former employees to return to the Group after their retirement due to the occurrence of a life event. We will continue to make efforts to offer abundant support measures, creating an environment in which employees can continue to work.
We will also encourage employees to take time off and fulfill their lifestyles during the created time.
Days of paid vacation used per employee/year*
  2015 2016
15.7 15.7
2017 Fiscal 2018
16.0 15.6
 *Average number of vacation days acquired by all employees with respect to “regular/carryover vacation days” and “special vacation days”
  Such initiatives received high praise
Health and Productivity Management 2019
Certified as an Excellent Enterprise of Health and Productivity Management under the large enterprise category (White 500) (MS&AD Holdings, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance, Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance, Mitsui Direct General Insurance, MS&AD Systems Company, MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting)
    Employee Satisfaction
To connect the power of diverse employees to the Group’s comprehensive strength centered on the Group’s Mission, Vision and Values, we are conducting awareness surveys of all Group employees. (Number of responses: 35,110)
4.4 points
4.3 points
 Employee satisfaction (pride, job satisfaction)
Employee satisfaction (working vigorously)
Indicator
Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018
Score* Target Score*
 Level of pride or job satisfaction
Level of feeling free and lively at workplaces regardless of gender, age, etc.
4.4 points
4.3 points
Same or higher level compared with the previous fiscal year
Same or higher level compared with the previous fiscal year
   *All-employee average on a six-point scale
072 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
TOPICS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Supporting Sports
The MS&AD Insurance Group mission of contributing to the development of a vibrant society and helping to secure a sound future for the planet includes the sentiments of supporting a continuously developing society and growing together with those who are overcoming challenges.
We extend this sentiment to athletes and conduct activities that provide support for sports, including acting as a Supporting Company for the National Soccer Team of Japan. ©JFA/KIRIN CHALLENGE CUP 2019 El Salvador National Team Starting Lineup Match (June 9, 2019)
Active Athlete Employees in the Group
The Group is home to employees who compete as athletes in the world of sports. We feel that a variety of human assets, regardless of nationality, gender and disability, are a source of corporate value for the Group. We would like to introduce two athlete employees who balance competition and work.
How do you feel about having a dual career (balancing life as an athlete and work)?
I see it more as a synergism than as a balance. Although
I sometimes lose awareness of the surrounding situation
or nearly fall into a one-sided way of thinking when
I am absorbed in competition as an athlete, my many interactions and work have enabled me to polish my manners and humanity as a company employee. Moreover, the mental strength I have acquired through competition, as well as my experiences and way of thinking as an athlete, have been helpful in my work.
Our Platform
Management Foundation
Appendix
Data Section
       Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Kyushu Division
Misato Michishita
(Paralympics Track and Field)
  2
What led you to work for the Group and what were your reasons for joining?
I chose the MS&AD Group because the practice course was near the office and because a senior blind marathon runner (Satoru Yoneoka) worked there. Moreover, having to practice every day means that I require a reliable practice companion runner, so the deciding factor was their introduction of a former Women’s Track and Field Club member at the Group.
In what ways do you want to contribute to the company as an employee?
Through talks at community sporting events, schools and local governments, for example, I hope to convey the wonder of sports and an understanding of those with disabilities, as well as help spread diversity. Moreover, those with visual impairments are also mobility-impaired, so I hope to focus on traffic safety awareness activities as one of the missions of insurance companies.
1
 3
  Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Corporate Planning Department
Tomomi Aoki (Competitive Swimming)
  What led you to work for the Group and what were your reasons for joining?
Someone to whom I am indebted introduced me to Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance. The deciding factors in joining the company were the many athletes who work for the MS&AD Group and the Group’s proactive support for athletes.
How do you feel about having a dual career (balancing life as an athlete and work)?
I have been primarily allowed to prioritize practice. I do not feel much difficulty because the company ensures that the frequency with which I come to the office does not become a burden. Working has helped me grow and has provided me with awareness as a member of society. Moreover, I feel I can use the ability to focus that I have acquired through competition in work.
In what ways do you want to contribute to the company as an employee?
I received comments from all the employees who saw my performance at last year’s international competition about how watching me persist has made them do their best. I was happy to hear this and felt that the results I produce can contribute to the company.
2
1
 3
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 073

   Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
Trustworthy Quality for Society
As an initiative to support the creation of shared value, the MS&AD Insurance Group will ensure trustworthy quality for society based on its communications with its stakeholders.
Quality Improvement through Communications with Stakeholders
The Group established the Basic Policy for Responding to Customer Communications and has established mechanisms and provides opportunities to listen to the opinions of its customers and other stakeholders. These communications are then applied to initiatives for improving the quality of products and services, compliance, respect for human rights and the environment.
    Customers
Shareholders
Agents
Business Partners
Employees
Local Communities International Society
The Environment
● Customer surveys ● Contact Center
● Official websites
● Communication with agents/employees (e.g., inquiries, advice, requests, complaints)
 ● IR meetings ● Information
meetings for investors
● Meetings for personnel in charge
● Agent meetings ● Posting system
● Communication with outsourcing contractors
● Questionnaire for employees ● Posting system ● Communication with management ● Speak-up system
● Collaboration agreements with local governments ● Communication with NPOs/NGOs
● Communication/exchanges with local communities ● Holding of seminars/symposiums
● Communication with experts and NPOs/NGOs ● Studies on the global environment and natural disasters ● Participation in initiatives and international conferences
● One-on-one meetings ● Survey at the Annual
 Shareholders Meeting
        Realizing our management philosophy (Mission)
Resilient and sustainable society Creating shared value (CSV)
Trustworthy Quality for Society
Quality improvement Sound organizational management Respect for human rights
Improvements (products, services, business processes)
Understanding, analysis and examination of content
       Speak-up System
We set up an Internal Reporting (Whistleblowing) System that enables employees at each Group company to report on compliance-related matters, etc. We have opened contact desks both inside and outside the company and work to maintain the confidentiality of and protect whistleblowers and those making inquiries. We also changed the name to the Speak-up System to create an environment that enables employees to speak up in an honest, positive manner. On April 10, 2019, this system was registered in the Consumer Affairs Agency “Whistleblowing Compliance Management System (self-declaration of conformity-type certification system).”3
3. A system whereby the whistleblowing system is assessed by the system’s operator, who then applies for certification when the system is deemed to have complied with the certification criteria. The designated registration body at the Consumer Affairs Agency then verifies the details based on this application and registers the result.
 Customer-First Business Operations
The MS&AD Group thoroughly focuses on implementing business operations that place high value on Customer-First in working to achieve trustworthy quality for society.
The five domestic insurance companies in the Group put initiatives based on the customer trust policy for business operations into practice and periodically release the status of and key performance indicators (KPIs) for these initiatives.1
The Group uses the customer satisfaction level from the questionnaires provided when insurance policies are issued and during payment of insurance claims as the KPI for quality improvement in the medium-term sustainability plan.2
1. For details on policies and activities, please see the official websites for “Customer-First Business Operations” at each company.
2. See the “Non-Financial Indicators” section on P. 28.
074 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Communication with Stakeholders
TOPICS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
 Special Feature
 Our Platform
 Appendix
 Data Section
 Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Having adopted a resilient and sustainable society as that to which we aspire in 2030, the MS&AD Insurance Group is working to achieve this goal through our business activities, which include our Story of Value Creation. As the management platform that supports these activities, we are working to strengthen the corporate governance system and ensure the high level of transparency and effectiveness laid out in the medium-term management plan“Vision 2021.”
For our basic approach and an overview of our corporate governance structure, please visit our official Web site: https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/corporate.html
Management Foundation
  Director/Audit & Supervisory Board Member Composition (as of July 1, 2019)
Ratio of Outside Directors
Ratio of Females
Female 17%
Outside 42%
Directors
Outside 50%
Female 50%
Audit & Supervisory Board
Members
    Inside 58%
Inside 50%
Male 83%
Male 50%
Ratio of Outside Directors (compared with July 1, 2010)
Ratio of Female Outside Directors (compared with July 1, 2010)
Audit & Supervisory Board
Members
Directors
    2010
31%
(Four out of 13)
2019
42% Increased Ratio
of Outside Directors
2010
0%
2019
40% Increased Ratio of Females
(Two out of five)
(Five out of 12) (None out of four)
 Director Skill Set Distribution*
       Overall management
 Accounting and finance
 Law
 Administration
 IT
 International experience
 Society and culture
  Sales, market development, product planning
 Claims support
 Risk management, compliance
*Items related to knowledge, experience, ability and others were set based on the employment history of and rationale for selecting each director. This chart plots the number of individuals that fall under each item.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 075
Knowledge in insurance company operations
Expertise in corporate management

   Analysis and assessment of the Board of Directors’effectiveness
●Projects involving risk-taking, including overseas investments, are now subject to active discussion with an in-depth examination of each individual project.
●Deepened the understanding within the Group of “MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation,” which is the Group’s business model, CSV (Creating Shared Value) and the SDGs
●MS&AD Integrated Report 2018 disseminated “MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation,” which further embodies our Corporate Philosophy (Mission). This move led to a deeper understanding within the Group and improved evaluation from outside the Group.
●The name of our whistleblowing system was changed to the “Speak-up System,” and the acceptance of anonymous reports was expanded. As a result, the number of reports increased and efficiency has improved.
●Deepen the understanding of and further accelerate thorough debate among the outside directors regarding the important themes (Sustainability, Digitalization, Promotion of Diversity & Inclusion) and the business strategies in “Vision 2021,” etc.
●Work to further increase awareness among employees through various methods to deepen the understanding among all Group employees that initiatives for putting the Story of Value Creation into practice connect to CSV and the SDGs.
●Strengthen information dissemination to further increase awareness and enhance the effectiveness of the Speak-up System, mainly through the “Speak-up Section.”
●Reduced the number of agenda items and established an approach that provides more time for discussions about important matters to determine strategies.
●Efficient meeting management has increased the average amount of time spent each year discussing each agenda item at regularly scheduled meetings. ●Expand opportunities for deliberation and the exchange of opinions at every meeting of the Board of
Directors, etc. Therefore, the length of meetings will be extended beyond that of those held in fiscal 2018.
●Operating company study tours were continued from fiscal 2017, including an inspection of the Disaster Countermeasures Headquarters, which focuses on payments of insurance claims for natural disasters.
 Points of improvement
Points requiring further reinforcement moving forward
Points of improvement
Points requiring further reinforcement moving forward
Discussion Content and Functions at the Board of Directors
 Board of Directors Management
 Other (information and training for Outside Directors)
 Points of improvement
      Efforts aimed at improving the operation of the Board of Directors
Trends in the number of agenda items
●Thanks to the January 2015 introduction of the so-called package deliberation system simplifying the explanation for some items up for discussion, the January 2016 expansion of items applicable to the package deliberation system and the April 2016 revision to item selection standards for the Board of Directors, there has been, with the exclusion of package deliberation items, a decline each year in the number of items discussed at Board of Directors meetings.
●This has largely been in line with the initial aim of increasing the amount of time devoted to key proposals relating to strategic decisions.
Trends in the number of agenda items where
concerns were expressed and the number of
agenda items with preliminary questions and 50 47 discussions taking place at group companies 37 40
200 (Items)
164 153 100 97 94
151 82
150
50 0
67 59 69 55
No. of agenda items
No. of resolutions
134 79
 70 (%) 60
b. No. of agenda items with preliminary questions and discussions taking place at Group companies
2018 (FY) a. No. of agenda items with concerns expressed
2015 2016 2017
c. No. of agenda items that fall into either categories a or b
 ●The Company in 2014 began implementing measures allowing 40 35 the questions and opinions of Outside Directors prior to the 30 31
54 39
meeting as well as content from group management meetings and operating company management meetings to be aired at the Board of Directors’ meetings.
●The ratio of agenda items where either concerns were expressed or preliminary questions were aired moved from 37% in fiscal 2015 to 47% in fiscal 2017 and 54% in fiscal 2018.
Trends in the average amount of time spent per agenda item at regularly scheduled Board meetings
●The average amount of time spent per agenda item at regularly scheduled Board meetings has continued to increase with each passing year (excluding so-called package deliberation items).
24 22 30 20 23
2015 2016
Amount of time spent per agenda item (minutes) Percentage rate of increase with fiscal 2015 as a base of 100
37
2017 2018 (FY)
 8 (Minutes) 6.83 6 5.27 5.67
4 129.6
2 107.6 0
7.56 (%) 180 160
143.5 140 120
100
     076 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
100
2015 2016 2017
2018
(FY)

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
 Special Feature
 Our Platform
 Appendix
 Data Section
 Management Foundation
 System revision targeted at strengthening governance
Revision of Director Remuneration Plan
●Revised the remuneration plan for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members for the purpose of enhancing Group governance and medium- to long-term corporate value. ●The remuneration plan for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members is now linked to the business performance of the Company to serve as an
appropriate incentive for sustainable growth.
Remuneration Composition After Revision
●Remuneration for Directors (excluding Outside Directors) consists of fixed remuneration and performance-linked remuneration.
●To strengthen incentives for improving business performance, the ratio of performance-linked remuneration shall be higher and 30%‒50% of the total
remuneration amount shall be the standard amount, according to position.
●The performance-linked remuneration consists of monetary remuneration and stock-based remuneration. To share interests with shareholders further, the
ratio of stock-based remuneration shall be higher and 9%‒25% of the total remuneration amount shall be the standard amount, according to position.
(Reference) In the case of the Chairman and Director/President and CEO (performance-linked remuneration portion is the standard amount): Fixed remuneration 50%; Performance-linked remuneration (monetary) 25%; Performance-linked remuneration (stock-based) 25%
Fixed 71%
Fixed remuneration 71%
Variable 29%
Fixed 50%
Fixed remuneration 50%
Variable 50%
       Total Amount of Remuneration (FY2018)
(Reference) Total Remuneration by Category and the Total Number of Recipients
Persons with Consolidated Remuneration (including remuneration for corporate officer posts at main subsidiaries, etc.) of ¥100 million or more
Performance- linked remuneration
(monetary) 21%
8%
Performance- linked remuneration
(monetary) 25%
Performance- linked remuneration (restricted stocks)
25%
Performance-linked remuneration (stock-based compensation stock options) Note: The breakdowns above are based on the results of the Company and the price of the Company’s stock.
 Total Remuneration
¥238 million ¥51 million
¥76 million
Total Amount of Remuneration by Category
  Directors (9*)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (2*)
Outside Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board Members (9)
Fixed remuneration
¥142 million ¥51 million
¥76 million
Performance-linked remuneration
¥96 million -
-
Director Yasuyoshi Karasawa Director Noriyuki Hara Director Yasuzo Kanasugi
Total Remuneration
¥131 million ¥131 million ¥103 million
  *Excluding Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Key performance indicators (KPIs) Financial indicator (single year)
    Group Adjusted Profit Consolidated Net Income Group Adjusted ROE
Non-financial indicators (medium to long term)
Progress of initiatives for “Sustainability Priority Issues” as part of Creating Shared Value (CSV)
CEO Selection Process
with the SDGs as the leading marks
Progress of the “Key Strategies” of the Group’s medium-term management plan “Vision 2021” (Pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths, promote digitalization and reform the portfolio)
 Introduction of a CEO Succession Plan
●A succession plan was formulated upon having defined one of the key management issues as the selection and dismissal of the CEO, as well as the fostering of successors, with the aim of achieving sustainable growth and enhancing the corporate value of the Group.
 Recommendation by the current CEO
 Deliberation by the Nomination Committee
 Resolution by the Board of Directors
●The current CEO prioritizes the candidates and recommends them to the Nomination Committee. ●Candidates can be from within the Group as well as outside the Group.
●The majority of Committee members and the chairman are Outside Directors. ●Outside Directors can recommend other candidates.
●The Nomination Committee advises the Board of Directors, which makes the final decision. Criteria for CEO Selection
●Ability to embody the Group’s Mission, Vision and Values and having the concept of CSV (Creating Shared Value with society) in his/her own system of values ●Ability to plan and build future visions ●Fairness and impartiality ●Ability to develop human assets ●Ability to demonstrate leadership ●Global response capability ●Acting in the Group’s best interest
CEO Dismissal Process
●When an Outside Director deems it necessary to discuss dismissal, such as when the CEO is subject to the prohibitions stipulated in the Executive Officers Rules (violating obligations set forth in the Companies Act and other laws and regulations or company regulations, etc.) or when it is determined that it is difficult for the CEO to properly continue his/her duties due to health reasons or other reasons, the Outside Director shall deliberate on his/her own initiative with members of the Nomination Committee excluding the CEO.
Based on the results of the deliberation, necessary procedures are carried out in accordance with the Companies Act and internal regulations.
●Directors who are not Outside Directors may request a meeting of the Board of Directors to be convened in accordance with the Rules of the Board of Directors and submit proposals for dismissal of Directors at the Shareholders Meeting.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 077

  Corporate Governance
Our Management Team
(As of July 1, 2019, except for the number of Company shares owned, which is as of the end of March 2019)
 Directors
1 Hisahito Suzuki
2 Yasuyoshi Karasawa
3 Noriyuki Hara
4 Yasuzo Kanasugi
5 Shiro Fujii
6 Masahiro Higuchi
078 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Representative Director Chairman of the Board
Representative Director President & CEO
Representative Director Executive Officer
Representative Director Executive Officer
Director
Executive Vice President, CFO
Director Executive Officer
7 Takashi Kuroda 8 Mari Matsunaga 9 Mariko Bando
10 Akira Arima
11 Kazuhito Ikeo
12 JunichiTobimatsu
Director Executive Officer
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Outside Director (Independent Director)

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Management Foundation
Appendix
Data Section
   Audit & Supervisory Board Members
13 Tomoko Kondo
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(Full time)
14 Hidema Jinno
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full time)
15 Kunio Chiyoda
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(Independent Auditor)
16 Kyoko Uemura
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent Auditor)
14 16 7 5 4 3 6 15 13
                  10 8 1
2 9 11 12
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 079

   Directors
Hisahito Suzuki
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
    Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
Biography
37,370
Director & Chairman, ADI
April 1973 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, corporate planning, merger preparation, life insurance business, etc. Present position since June 2014
Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
Biography
25,200
Director, Chairman of the Board, MSI
April 1975 Entered Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, sales, corporate communications, financial planning, etc. Present position since June 2014
      Noriyuki Hara
Yasuzo Kanasugi
    Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
Biography
Shiro Fujii
Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
Biography
20,100
Director, President & CEO, MSI
April 1978 Entered Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in market development, sales, product operations, corporate planning, etc. Present position since June 2016
31,215
̶
April 1979 Entered Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. Has business experience in corporate planning, product operations, claims services, sales, systems and administration, etc.
Present position since April 2016
Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
Biography
29,108
Director & President, ADI
April 1979 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in human resources planning, sales, corporate planning, merger preparation, etc. Present position since June 2016
      Masahiro Higuchi
    Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
Biography
10,960
Director, Senior Executive Officer, ADI
April 1982 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, investment planning, human resources, Claims Services, etc.
Present position since June 2018
      Takashi Kuroda
Mari Matsunaga
    Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
Biography
Mariko Bando
18,500
Director, Executive Vice President, MSI
April 1979 Entered Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, corporate planning, claims services, etc.
Present position since June 2018
11 of 12 Board of Directors’ meetings (91.7%)
1,500
She previously served as Director General of the Gender Equality Bureau of the Cabinet Office and currently serves as President of Showa Women’s University. We elected her to utilize her broad knowledge and experience in public administra- tion and education, as well as wide insight into promotion of diversity.
Chancellor (Rijicho and Socho), Showa Women’s University
Meeting attendance
Number of Company shares owned
Reason for appointment
Important concurrent positions
Biography
11 of 12 Board of Directors' meetings (91.7%)
1,800
She was a chief editor of magazines and was involved
in the planning and development of new services at NTT DOCOMO, INC. She has been stating opinions at meetings of the Company’s Board of Director and other occasions based on her broad knowledge and experience concerning society, culture, consumer lifestyles, and other areas. We elected her to continue reflecting her knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Outside Director of Rohto Pharmaceutical Co. Outside Director of Seiko Epson Corporation
        Meeting attendance
Number of Company shares owned
Reason for appointment
Important concurrent positions
Biography
Entered Japan Recruit Center
(currently, Recruit Holdings Co., Ltd. [“RECRUIT”])
Chief editor of SHUSHOKU JOURNAL, published by RECRUIT
Chief editor of TRAVAILLE, published by RECRUIT
General Manager of Planning Div., Gateway Business Dept., NTT Mobile Communications Network Inc.
(currently, NTT DOCOMO, INC.)
President & Director, Mari Matsunaga Office
Director, the Company (present)
   April 1977
July 1986
July 1988
July 1997
April 2000
June 2012
  Akira Arima
    July 1969
Oct. 1985
July 1989
July 1994
April 1995
June 1998
Jan. 2001
Oct. 2003
April 2007
April 2014
July 2016
June 2017
Entered the Prime Minister’s Office
Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat, Councillor of Cabinet Secretariat
Director of Consumer Statistics Division, Statistics Bureau, Management and Coordination Agency
Director of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Secretariat Vice-Governor of Saitama Prefecture
Consul General of Japan in Brisbane, Australia
Director General of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office Director, Showa Women’s University
President, Showa Women’s University
Chancellor (Rijicho), Showa Women’s University (present) Chancellor (Socho), Showa Women’s University (present) Director, the Company (present)
Meeting attendance
Number of Company shares owned
Reason for appointment
Important concurrent positions
Biography
10 of 10 Board of Directors’ meetings (100%)
200
He has been a Director of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation and President Chief Executive Officer of NTT Communications Corporation. We elected him to reflect his broad knowledge and experience from the information and communication business in the management of the Company.
̶
             April 1973
June 2002
April 2003
June 2005
June 2007
June 2010
June 2015
June 2017
June 2018
Entered Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation
Director and General Manager, Planning Dept., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation
Director and General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation
Director, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation
Executive Vice President,
Head of Internet Business Division, NTT Communications Corporation
President, Chief Executive Officer, NTT Communications Corporation Director and Advisor, NTT Communications Corporation Advisor, NTT Communications Corporation (present)
Director, the Company (present)
      080 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Kazuhito Ikeo
Junichi Tobimatsu
Special Feature
Our Platform
Management Foundation
Appendix
Data Section
    Meeting attendance
Number of Company shares owned
Reason for appointment
Important concurrent positions
Biography
9 of 10 Board of Directors’ meetings (90.0%)
1,400
He has experienced a number of posts, including university professor, member of the Financial Services Agency's Financial System Council and chairman of the Council of Experts Concerning the Corporate Governance Code and has broad knowledge and experience in
the economic and fiscal fields as well as financial administration. We elected him to reflect his knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Professor Emeritus, Keio University
Professor, Faculty of Economics, Rissho University
Meeting attendance
Number of Company shares owned
Reason for appointment
Important concurrent positions
Biography
10 of 10 Board of Directors’ meetings (100%)
0
He has a wealth of knowledge and experience concerning overall corporate legal affairs including of overseas companies as an attorney-at-law.
We elected him to reflect his knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Attorney-at-law, Tobimatsu Law
Outside Director of AI, Inc. (Audit Committee) Outside Auditor of amana inc.
Outside Auditor of CANDEAL Co., Ltd.
         April 1998
June 2004
April 2010
July 2016
June 2018
 April 1984
April 1986
April 1995
April 2018
June 2018
Associate Professor, Faculty of Economics, Okayama University Associate Professor, Faculty of Economics, Kyoto University Professor, Faculty of Economics, Keio University
Professor Emeritus, Keio University (present)
Professor, Faculty of Economics, Rissho University (present) Director, the Company (present)
Admitted as Attorney-at-Law
Attorney-at-Law, Mori Sogo (currently, Mori Hamada & Matsumoto)
Admitted as Attorney-at-Law, N.Y.
Associate Professor, Graduate School of Law and Political Science, the University of Tokyo
Attorney-at-Law, Tobimatsu Law (present) Director, the Company (present)
    Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Tomoko Kondo
Number of Company shares owned 6,379 Biography
Entered Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (“ADI”) Advisor, ADI
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
Kunio Chiyoda
Hidema Jinno
Newly Appointed
   Number of Company shares owned 8,232 Important concurrent positions ―
    April 1983
April 2015
April 2017
June 2017
Biography
 April 1985
April 2015
April 2019
June 2019
Entered The Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Risk Management Dept., the Company
Executive Officer, the Company
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
      Kyoko Uemura
    Meeting attendance
Number of Company shares owned
Reason for appointment
Important concurrent positions
Biography
12 of 12 Board of Directors’ meetings
11 of 11 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
2,000
As an accounting and auditing professional, he has served as a university professor and public-institution committee member, etc., and that extensive knowledge and experience will be reflected in the Company’s audits.
Outside Director of Terasaki Electric Co., Ltd. (Audit Committee)
Meeting attendance
Number of Company shares owned
Reason for appointment
Important concurrent positions
12 of 12 Board of Directors’ meetings
11 of 11 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
0
As a legal expert, she previously served as a judge and practices law as an attorney-at-law, etc., and that wealth of knowledge and experience will be reflected in the management of the Company.
Attorney-at-Law, Miyama, Koganemaru & Associates Outside Director of SoftBank Corp.
Judge, Osaka District Court
        Biography
 May 1971
April 1976
April 1984
April 1999
April 2009
April 2012
April 2013
June 2016
 April 1994
April 2004
April 2005
April 2008
June 2017
Oct. 2018
Registered Certified Public Accountant
Assistant Professor, College of Business Administration, Ritsumeikan University
Professor, College of Business Administration, Ritsumeikan University
Dean of College of Business Administration, Member of the Board, Ritsumeikan University
Professor, Graduate School of Accountancy, Kumamoto Gakuen University Professor of Graduate School of Accountancy, Waseda University Chairperson, Certified Public Accountants and Auditing Oversight Board Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
Assistant
 Judge, Numazu Branch, Shizuoka Family Court
Judge, Yokohama District Court
Admitted as Attorney-at-Law
Attorney-at-Law, LM Law Offices
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
Attorney-at-Law, Miyama, Koganemaru & Associates (present)
        Executive Officers
Chairman of the Board
Hisahito Suzuki
President & CEO
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Executive Officers
Noriyuki Hara Yasuzo Kanasugi
Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer
Shiro Fujii
Corporate Planning Dept., Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept., Business Development Dept., International Life Insurance Business Dept., Information Technology Planning Dept., International Supervisory Dept.,
Internal Audit Dept.*, Group Capital Policy, Sustainability,
Senior Executive Officer Chief Risk Officer
Fumiaki Ohkawabata
Human Resources and General Administration Dept.,
Accounting Dept., Compliance Dept.,
Corporate Risk Management Dept., Internal Audit Dept.,
Executive Officers
Masahiro Matsumoto International Business
Teruhiko Ito Financial Services Business
Masahiro Higuchi Claims Services
Tetsuji Higuchi Assist Management
Takashi Kuroda Marketing & Sales
Yukio Ogata Products・Reinsurance
Satoru Tamura Assist Management
Naomi Motojima Diversity & Inclusion
Yusuke Shirai General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept.
      Senior Executive Officer Chief Information Officer
Chief Information Security Officer Chief Digitalization Officer
* Executive Vice President Shiro Fujii is responsible for internal auditing of the departments that Senior Executive Officer Fumiaki Ohkawabata oversees.
 Shinichiro Funabiki Administration and Information Systems
For more information related to corporate governance, see the Group’s official website. Website content
 ●Corporate Governance (https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/corporate.html)
● Basic Policies on Corporate Governance ● Corporate Governance Stance ● Supervision System (Board of Directors) ● Support Systems for Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members ● Auditing ● Nomination and Remuneration ● Remuneration Committee ● Criteria for the Selection of Board Members and for the Independence of Outside Board Members ● Appointment Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Related Matters
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 081

  Corporate Governance
Message from Outside Director
Outside Director (Independent Director) Kazuhito Ikeo
  Q1.What is your impression upon having completed your first year
as an outside director?
I believe the primary role of outside directors is more focused on reviewing management policy related to medium- and long-term visions and strategies from an external perspective to discuss for better decision making rather than being involved in decision making of day-to-day operations. At present, the MS&AD Holdings Board of Directors discusses all matters related to day-to-day operations because it is a body designed for a company with a board of auditors. However, time spent on these issues limits the time available to discuss the direction, management strategy and vision of the entire group.
Having said that, joining discussions on matters related  to day-to-day operations means that the Board is aware of  where each business stands. Without such an understanding of the situation, when discussing the overall strategy, it might sound like a grand idea, but there is a possibility that we could fall into a superficial discussion. In this respect, there is value for outside directors to receive an advanced explanation of each individual matter and gain an overall understanding of each business before the discussion in the Board of Directors.
Given this situation, when I conveyed my desire to spend more time discussing overall management strategy and the format of governance as part of Group management, the Group organized a session for the Joint Council of Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members. This session provided President & CEO Yasuyoshi Karasawa with an opportunity to explain the details of the management strategies and related matters to be covered at the investors briefing. At this time, we also discussed group-wide personnel strategies, including those for the holding company, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance. Going forward, I hope the Group goes beyond holding conventional meetings only intended to receive reports and approve them, and expands opportunities to fully discuss its vision and strategies from a medium- to long-term perspective as a Group.
I also believe it is important for the outside directors to maintain a balance as a team. In the case of MS&AD Holdings, there are five outside directors, who, when seen as a team, form a framework that can address any matter by employing their individual expertise. Although others might have a different opinion, I hold the Board of Directors in high esteem because its members have a broad skill set and the ability to apply their individual expertise, thereby demonstrating their effectiveness as a team.
Q2.Please tell us about the major initiatives from the previous fiscal year.
During the previous fiscal year, we formulated a CEO succession plan for the MS&AD Group. This succession plan explicitly describes the criteria for CEO selection, the selection process, the development plan for candidates and the dismissal process. In the case that the candidate nominated for selection is originally from the Group, we requested as many opportunities to directly meet with the candidate as possible so that the outside directors can make a better assessment, for example, by having the candidate present proposals to the Board of Directors in advance.
In the case of Japanese companies, traditionally the president nominates the next president. It is not necessarily a bad thing when someone who is thoroughly familiar with the roles of the president selects the next candidate. However, I feel uneasy about placing the full authority to nominate and select candidates in one person. Naturally, it is important for the nomination process to be open and to ensure transparency. Establishing a scheme to systematically ensure the selection of a president who is appropriate for company management is a critical role of corporate governance that must be fulfilled.
During the previous fiscal year, we also revised remuneration for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members. First, regarding the appropriate amount of remuneration, we needed to consider a renumeration standard that would be competitive as a global company by taking into account the potential for directors to be nominated from foreign companies in the future. Although what we offer might still be insufficient, we revised the amount in this direction. Next, regarding the ratio of fixed and performance-linked remuneration, we raised the ratio of performance-linked remuneration according to role and split the assessment indicators for performance-linked remuneration into two categories: short term and medium to long term. The medium- to long-term targets include the achievement status of the sustainability initiatives, for example. So I think the ratio of performance-linked remuneration is now relatively high among Japanese companies.
One of the priority issues going forward, however, will likely be improving capital efficiency. In a related topic, there are various discussions over maintaining strategic equity holdings. This issue has received focus as an area that must be tackled in part because the MS&AD Group aims to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group.
 082 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature
Our Platform
Management Foundation
Appendix
Data Section
  Q3.How do you feel about the MS&AD CSV initiatives aimed at realizing a
resilient and sustainable society?
Earning money is essential for the sustainable growth of companies. Companies must provide products and services that consumers desire in order to profit. I think that failing to profit when these are not accepted by consumers is one of the superior aspects of capitalism. In this respect, MS&AD’s pursuit of balance between business and social significance through the CSV (Creating Shared Value) initiatives being advanced by the Group makes sense.
Moreover, becoming a company with a purpose helps employees gain a sense of fulfillment. Having a solid sense that one’s job serves society has a major influence on one’s personal motivation.By implementing these initiatives throughout the Group, I feel employees will surely achieve a greater level of satisfaction.
From the perspective of ESG, although ESG issues are closely observed as a means of addressing risk factors that might hinder sustainable corporate growth, I feel it is also necessary to interpret ESG initiatives as a source of corporate competitiveness.
Q4.Please tell us your expectations for the Group.
When all is said and done, the strength of the MS&AD Group is its diversity.
Unique insurance companies gathered into one group, so I feel that applying the strengths of each will enable the MS&AD Group to generate competitive advantages that are not found in competing groups. However, the way in which the Group utilizes this diversity is a key. Naturally, I feel the Group must discard inefficient aspects, such as wasteful duplication. Middle and back areas should be managed using common systems, while diversity should be utilized in the front-line. As this concept also applies to pursuing the Group’s comprehensive strengths as raised in “Vision 2021”, these improvements in efficiency must be powerfully driven throughout the Group.
I would like to see the Group utilize diversity while working to improve efficiency in this way to pursue improving corporate value from a medium- to long-term perspective. Despite the importance of securing short-term profits on one hand, I hope the Company illustrates a path toward achieving sustainable corporate growth within a cooperative relationship among a diverse group of stakeholders, and I hope to see it evolve as a corporate group that is admired by society.
I have always believed that the role of corporate governance is quality control for corporate management. MS&AD is already embarking on sound initiatives. And based on the bedrock of these initiatives, I feel that in the future the company will be able to become the one it aspires to be by strengthening mechanisms that enable even better management and developing the human assets that can undertake this level of management.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 083

  Corporate Governance
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors (Information Disclosure and IR Activities)
The MS&AD Insurance Group proactively engages in highly transparent information disclosure and constructive dialogue with shareholders and investors in an effort to achieve sustainable growth and increase corporate value.
Specifically, by providing highly transparent information disclosure, MS&AD Holdings seeks to reduce information asymmetries with shareholders and investors. Also, by obtaining feedback from constructive dialogue with shareholders and investors, MS&AD Holdings can share this feedback with its management and the relevant departments and utilize it in formulating management strategies.
  ●
●
●
● ●
Main Initiatives
ESG briefing and opinions exchange meeting regarding the medium-term management plan “Vision 2021”, which introduced our CSV initiatives in line with SDGs as leading marks to realize our image of society and the Group ESG initiatives including diversity and inclusion, etc.
”MS&AD IR Day” with the objective being to have the top management of each business division explain business details and carry on a constructive dialogue between management executives and investors
To strengthen information sharing with management and the relevant departments, regular reporting on IR activities, feedback on how the stock markets view the Company and quarterly reports on the Company’s share price to the Group Management Committee and the Board of Directors
Feedback meetings for the Group’s relevant departments
Simultaneous live broadcasting of Information Meetings in both Japanese and English
 Activities Undertaken in Fiscal 2018
The Group organized Information Meetings at which the President explained management strategies and performance, as well as MS&AD IR Day, which aimed to have a constructive dialogue between management executives and investors.
Opportunities also were created for the President and the officer in charge of the Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Department to speak directly to major shareholders and investors in Japan and abroad. The opinions of shareholders
and investors gleaned from these conversations are being reflected in management strategies with the aim of improving corporate value.
We also held an ESG briefing about the Group’s ESG initiatives and provided an arena for the exchange of opinions.
We increased the number of corporate briefings for individual investors around Japan and participated in the Nikkei IR and Investment Fair for the third consecutive year.
( ) indicates fiscal 2017 figures
2 (Twice) 4 (4) times 0 (3) times 1 (1) time 1 (1*) time 5 (5) times
195 (231) times 14 (12) times
  Strategy explanation meeting for institutional investors and analysts (Information Meeting)
Telephone conference (earnings results) for institutional investors and analysts
Extra telephone conference for institutional investors and analysts
Session for an exchange of opinions with institutional investors and analysts (MS&AD IR Day)
ESG briefing and opinion exchange meeting
Conference (including a telephone conference organized by securities companies)
Individual meeting (except conferences)
Information session for individual investors
         *In fiscal 2017, this meeting was held as the Integrated Report briefing.
Information meeting for institutional investors and analysts
MS&AD IR Day
  084 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

     CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Management Foundation
Appendix Data Section
 IR Activities for Overseas Investors
With foreign investors and foreign corporate investors making up 33% of all its investors, MS&AD Holdings has been stepping up efforts for the disclosure and dissemination of information while engaging in a dialogue with overseas investors.
The President and the officer in charge of the Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Department take trips overseas to meet with investors and proactively participate in conferences sponsored by securities firms for foreign investors as a part of our constructive dialogue initiatives.
From the viewpoint of disclosing information in a timely and fair manner, MS&AD Holdings is enhancing information disclosure through the English version of its website, making concerted efforts to augment information for foreign investors.
Japanese Securities 3.7% Companies
Foreign Companies & Individuals
33.0%
Japanese Financial Institutions
35.9%
   Information Disclosure as the Basis for Dialogue
Website (Japanese/English)
The Group makes prompt and fair information disclosure in both English and Japanese. As part of this year’s design renewal, we revised the section composition and page layout. In particular, we created a section for individual investors, which provides necessary information based on their primary concern. Moreover, adding photographs to introduce the various activities of the entire Group makes it more visually appealing.
Daiwa Investor Relations “Internet IR Excellence Award 2018”
General Shareholders’Meeting
Integrated Report (Japanese/English)
The MS&AD Integrated Report 2018, published in 2018, received “The Best Integrated Reporting Grand Prize” and the “Grand Prix,” respectively, from the 6th WICI Japan Integrated Reporting Awards and the 21st Nikkei Annual Report Awards 2018. These awards represent the highest honors in each competition.
Moreover, the English version was nominated as a finalist for Asia’s Best Integrated Report as part of the 2018 Asia Sustainability Reporting Awards.
Japanese Individuals & Others
10.8%
Other Japanese Companies
16.6%
Breakdown of types of shareholders*
*As of March 31, 2019
            Japanese version
English version
     Date
Shareholders attending
Ratio of the exercise of voting rights
Notice of convocation issue date
Website announcement date of the notice of convocation (Japanese/English)
FY2017 FY2018
June 26 (Monday)
633
85.8%
June 2 (Friday)
May 23 (Tuesday) (Japanese) May 26 (Friday) (English)
June 25 (Monday)
774
84.3%
June 1 (Friday)
May 22 (Tuesday) (Japanese) May 23 (Wednesday) (English)
FY2019
June 24 (Monday)
665
86.1%
May 31 (Friday)
May 21 (Tuesday) (Japanese) May 21 (Tuesday) (English)
       For more shareholder and investor information, see the Company’s official website.
Website content
 ● “Policy for Constructive Dialogue with Shareholders”
● Financial and non-financial reports (timely disclosure information, materials for the results briefing confer-
ence call, Corporate Governance Reports, materials for the Information Meeting and Sustainability Reports) ● Streaming videos of presentations by the President (including a summary of the Q&A session)
● Notice of convocation of the General Shareholders’ Meeting, etc.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 085

   Basic Knowledge about the Insurance Industry
We have prepared this section as reference material to help readers gain a better understanding of the insurance industry and the Company’s business operations and business strategies.
We are striving to provide accurate and fair information, but we cannot guarantee the content of this section.
  Non-Life Insurance Industry
Market Overview
About ¥8 Trillion
The Japanese non-life insurance industry’s market scale in terms of net premiums written was ¥8,380.6 billion in fiscal 2017. (Total for 26 corporate members of the General Insurance Association of Japan)
Automobile-Related Insurance Accounts for More than 60%
Together, voluntary automobile insurance (49.0%) and compulsory automobile liability (12.1%) account for more than 60% of the market.
Net Premiums Written by Class of Insurance (FY2017)
¥8,380.6 billion
Personal Accident
    8.2
Compulsory (¥688.9 billion)
Automobile
Liability Fire and Allied
12.1 13.7
(¥1,010.4 billion) (¥1,150.4 billion)
Marine
3.0
(¥248.3 billion) Others
14.0
(¥1,172.3 billion)
    Three Largest Non-Life Insurers Have Almost 90%
Market Share Combined
In Japan, there were 52 companies engaged in the non-life insurance business as of July 2018, including 22 foreign non-life insurers. The three largest non-life insurance groups̶the MS&AD Insurance Group, the Tokio Marine Group and the Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Group (currently Sompo Group)̶have an 87% combined share of the market.
Types of Insurance and Related Trends
Covering Diverse Risks
We face diverse risks in our daily lives. Non-life insurance products can compensate for economic damages and human losses e.g., (the cost of treating injuries, etc.) caused by natural disasters and accidents.
0 50 100
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2018
(%)
  Changing with the Times
Composition of Net Direct Premiums Written by Class of Insurance
Until the 1960s, the non-life insurance market was centered on
fire and marine insurance products. With the subsequent rise in
the number of automobiles in use, such automobile-related
products as Voluntary Automobile Insurance and Compulsory 1960 Automobile Liability Insurance have become the main products
in the market. In recent years, “others” insurance, such as 1980 Liability Insurance, has been growing strongly.
Personal Accident 0.4
Compulsory Automobile Liability Voluntary Automobile
(FY)
Fire and Allied
26.1 8.7 17.5 2.7
15.9 2.9
0 50 100
 Marine
Others 7.1 1.8
 50.1
 27.6
 response to the major earthquake that struck Niigata in Japan
in 1964. The number of people obtaining residential earthquake insurance has been trending upward, and the penetration ratio of earthquake insurance in residential fire insurance policies has risen to 63.0% (at the end of FY2017).
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2018 (%) Note: “Net direct premiums written” represents revenues from insurance
policies directly provided by each customer.
Trends in the Penetration Rate of Residential Earthquake Insurance
Residential Earthquake Insurance Operated in
Collaboration with Government
It is difficult to forecast the damage that will occur in the
event of an earthquake, so fire insurance by itself does not 50.0 cover building fires and damage caused by earthquakes.
63.0
086 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Voluntary Automobile
49.0
(¥4,110.2 billion)
13.0
  30.6
 17.8
   2000 Residential earthquake insurance was developed in 1966, in 2017
40.3
10.7 6.1 10.9 20.2 8.4
Trend of Increase in Earthquake Insurance
  44.5
10.5 10.8
  To provide coverage for earthquake damage, the government and insurance companies collaborate to operate residential earthquake insurance, and there are no variations among insurance companies with respect to coverage of compensation and insurance premiums.
(%) 60.0
55.0
45.0 41.7 40.0
35.0
30.0
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (Fiscal year-end)
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2018
Note: The penetration rate of residential earthquake insurance represents the
share of fire and allied policies with earthquake coverage.
15.4

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Life Insurance Industry
Special Feature
Market Scale
Approximately ¥37 Trillion
The scale of the Japanese life insurance industry’s market in terms of life insurance premiums and others in total is approximately ¥37 trillion, making it the world’s third largest market, after that of the United States.
Our Platform
Appendix
Supplementary Information
Data Section
  Scale of Japan’s Life Insurance Market (Trends in Life Insurance Premiums)
(¥ trillion)
Private-sector companies1
Mutual aid organizations2
Former Japan Post3
50 40 30 20 10
0
Sources: Prepared by MS&AD Holdings based on materials from the Life Insurance Association of Japan, Japan Cooperative Insurance Association Incorporated and Japan Post Holdings Co., Ltd., and based on materials in the Japan Institute of Life Insurance’s “Fiscal 2018 National Survey on Life Insurance.”
1. Private-sector companies: Each corporate member of the Life Insurance Association of Japan. Figures represent premiums and others.
2. Mutual aid organizations: Each organization member of the Japan Cooperative Insurance Association Incorporated. Figures represent premiums and other insurance
income received (total for life insurance and annuity insurance).
3. Former Japan Post: Premium income (postal life insurance) during the period through September 2007. Japan Post Insurance is included on and after privatization,
from October 2007, in the private-sector companies’ figures.
Trends in Types of Insurance
Decline in Big-Ticket Death Benefit Needs
The amount of policies in force for individual insurance has been trending downward since peaking in fiscal 1996. Behind this trend is a decline in big-ticket death benefit needs and a shift to third-sector products (medical and cancer insurance) needs.
 15.4 15.2 14.3 12.3 11.7 11.2 9.2 4.6 5.3 5.5 5.9 5.6 6.4
4.5 4.6 4.4
3.8
       4.1 4.3 4.4 4.9 4.9
4.5
4.5
29.2
4.2
28.5
     27.2 26.3 25.9 26.4 27.9
31.8
35.2
35.5
35.1
35.7
35.1
33.7
  2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017(FY)
  Trends in Policies in Force (Individual Insurance)
(¥ trillion)
1,600 1,200 800 400 0
1980 1985
1,495
1990 1995 2000 2005 2010
852
2017 (FY)
                 Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Fact Book (2018) ”
Note: Figures for 2007 and previous years exclude Japan Post Insurance and the former postal life insurance.
Third-Sector Products Become the Major Products
The share of medical and cancer insurance policies (third-sector policies) among the total number of new policies written for individuals has risen‒from 23.0% in FY2000 to 37.9% in FY2017‒and become the major life insurance product. In particular, the advent of a full-blown aging society in Japan will be accompanied by a rise in needs for nursing care insurance. In recent years, each life insurance company has been launching new nursing care insurance products that supplement public nursing care insurance system, which is not able to completely cover the expenses entailed by nursing care. Sales of individual annuity insurance began in earnest following the October 2002 lifting of the ban on marketing such products via banks. Growth in individual annuity insurance policies in force is now robust. Most recently, the number of policies written for “Tontine-type annuity” as insurance for longevity risk is also increasing.
*See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 94) for details.
Trends in Policies in Force for Individual Annuity Insurance by Type
Variable Annuity Insurance Fixed Annuity Insurance
Trends in Parsonal Life Insurance
(FY)
2000
2017
Whole life insurance
Other
Whole life insurance Endowment with term insurance insurance
Children’s insurance
Term life insurance
15.0 18.5
20.4 0.6 14.7 7.4
Medical and cancer insurance
  15.7
9.0 23.0
37.9 2.1 16.9
3.1 15.7
 New Policies
        2000 10.1 24.5
10.0 13.9
20.2 4.7 16.6 5.412.8 8.0 35.4 4.412.0
 Policies in Force
    (Millions of policies) 25
2.20 3.11 (13.9) (17.9)
2006 2008
3.46 3.33 (18.2) (16.3)
2.64 (12.9)
2014
2.23 (10.3)
2016 (FY)
2017 22.1
0 50 100
Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Trends ”(2018 edition)
(%)
 20 15 10
5 0
0.31 0.96 (2.5) (6.9)
2002 2004
2010 2012
5.3
    37.0
38.0
38.6
38.9
      12.60 13.05 13.60 14.31 15.52
(97.5) (93.1) (86.1) (82.1) (81.8)
17.09 (83.7)
17.85 (87.1)
19.52 (89.7)
  Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Fact Book (2018) ” Note: Figures in parentheses represent percent shares.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 087

   The Insurance Industry Trends and Changes in Japan
Environment of the Insurance Industry in Japan
Changes in the Macro Environment
As is the case with respect to other industries in Japan, the biggest change in the insurance industry’s operating environment is the advent of aging and the population decline in Japanese society.
Natural Disasters
While natural disasters are a major risk factor in the insurance business, the existence of such disasters is also a factor that increases demand for insurance.
  The Insurance Industry Following Financial Regulatory Liberalization
 Regulatory Liberalization of the Non-Life Insurance Industry
The 1996 revision of the Insurance Business Act brought a shift away from the “convoy system” within the industry and toward liberalization offering a scope for new initiatives. In addition,
in response to changes taking place in the insurance industry’s operating environment (insurance product diversification, solicitation channel diversification and increasing agent size), the Insurance Business Act revision, which went into full effect in May 2016, included as its main points “the establishment of basic rules for insurance soliciting” and “the introduction of an obligation to put in place a system with respect to insurance solicitors (agents).”
Birth of the Three Mega Insurance Groups
Following the regulatory liberalization of 1996, a progression of mergers and business integrations among non-life insurance companies led to the emergence of the so-called three mega insurance groups ‒ the MS&AD Insurance Group, the Tokio Marine Group and the Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Group (currently the Sompo Group).
The Insurance Industry Going Forward
Initiatives Regarding Overseas Insurance Markets
Accelerating Overseas Expansion
In light of the maturation of Japan’s insurance market, major Japanese insurance companies have been working to expand their business base overseas.
Development of Principal Insurance Markets in 2017
Major Events Following Regulatory Liberalization
Revision of the Insurance Business Act
■Mutual entry into life and non-life insurance business ■Reform of the rating organization system ■Introduction of products and premium rates notification system, etc.
Mutual entry into life and non-life insurance business by subsidiaries
Approval of risk-subdivision-type automobile insurance
Abolition of the obligation for members to use the premium rates calculated by the rating organization
Ban on insurance sales by banks partially lifted Implementation of Financial Instruments and Exchange Act Insurance sales by banks fully liberalized
Implementation of the Insurance Act
Passing of law revising the Insurance Business Act
Full implementation of Insurance Business Act revision (implementation of a comparison-recommendation rule and an obligation to grasp customer intentions)
Potential of the Asia Region and BRICs’Markets
The emerging country markets of Asia region countries and the BRICs have the potential for large growth. The insurance penetration rates (ratio of insurance premiums against GDP) of the United States and European countries are roughly as high as Japan’s‒about 6%‒12%. On the other hand, the insurance penetration rate of emerging markets of the Asian region and the BRICs is relatively low‒in the 1%-4% range‒so those markets can be considered to have considerable growth potential.
(US$ billion)
7.8% 7.1% 8.6% 9.6% 9.0% 6.0%
11.6% 8.3% 3.3% 3.1% 4.1% 2.2% 6.5% 1.4% 5.6% 4.6% 3.7% 3.7% 3.0% 5.6%
 1996
April
 October
1997
September
1998
July
2001
April
2007
September
 December
2010
April
2014
May
2016
May
                          Market/Country
Developed markets
United States
Japan
United Kingdom
France
Germany
South Korea
Italy
Emerging markets
Latin America and the Caribbean
Brazil
Mexico
Europe
Russia
Asia and Middle East
China
India
United Arab Emirates
Africa
Oceania
Ranking by Insurance Premiums
12
26
29
11
36
1
3
4
5
6
7
8
2
Life Insurance Premiums 2017
2,059
547
307
190
154
1,044
97
103
114
598
78
47
12
858
318
73
45
34
6
3
Change from 2016
(0.7)%
(1.9)%
(8.1)%
(3.0)%
0.4%
2.0%
(1.4)%
(4.4)%
(0.7)%
11.4%
14.3%
5.9%
0.8%
76.7%
7.0%
20.9%
17.4%
5.3%
13.8%
(13.7)%
Non-Life Insurance Premiums 2017
1,760
830
115
93
88
126
78
42
474
90
36
13
621
16
547
224
25
10
22
57
Change from 2016
4.2%
4.8%
(2.1)%
(1.8)%
4.2%
5.3%
7.9%
2.8%
9.7%
8.6%
14.8%
5.8%
3.9%
12.7%
7.0%
10.0%
26.9%
15.8%
9.3%
7.7%
Total Insurance Premiums 2017
1,377
422
283
242
223
181
156
1,072
168
1,479
1,591
83
25
22
541
98
14
67
91
1.5%
2.0%
(6.5)%
(2.6)%
1.8%
3.8%
2.4%
(2.6)%
14.1%
9.9%
14.5%
5.8%
2.1%
24.4%
7.0%
16.2%
19.7%
13.2%
12.3%
(1.5)%
Insurance Density1 (US$) 2017
3,517
4,216
3,312
3,810
3,446
2,687
3,522
2,660
166
262
398
196
1,651
152
360
384
1,436
2,236
73
54
Insurance Penetration Rate2
2017
   3,820
Change from 2016
          World
2,657
2.9%
2,234
5.4%
4,892
4.0%
650
6.1%
                                  088
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Source: Compiled by Swiss Re’s economic research and consulting unit based on confirmed and provisional figures announced by each country’s regulatory authorities and insurance industry associations (sigma No. 3/2018)
Note: Figures are real figures adjusted for inflation 1. Insurance density = per capita insurance premiums 2. Insurance penetration rate = insurance premiums as a share of GDP

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Increasing Diversity of Insurance Companies and Sales Channels
There are increasingly diverse sales channels‒such as direct sales channels, OTC sales by banks and customer-visit-based insurance shops‒and some insurance companies are now specializing in sales via the Internet. Even in conventional sales channels, there is an increasing incidence of cross-selling (see the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” [P. 90] for details and other new approaches.
Our Platform
Appendix
Supplementary Information
Data Section
  Expanding the Breadth of Products and Services
“Longevity Risk”
Lengthy life spans entail growth in living, medical and other expenses. The insurance industry has been seeking to help cover such economic “risks” associated with lengthy life spans.
New Products and Services Related to Medical and Long-Term Nursing Care
The importance of people’s self-help efforts is expected to continue increasing, and the associated role of private-sector insurance companies is becoming large.
   Japan’s Insurance Market Viewed from a Global Perspective
Non-Life Insurance
The World’s Fourth Largest Market Scale
According to the “sigma” newsletter of Swiss Re, the scale of the non-life insurance market in 147 countries and regions around the world was approximately ¥253 trillion in 2017. The largest market is that of the United States (approximately ¥94 trillion), and Japan’s market is the fourth largest (approximately ¥13 trillion).
Japanese Market Smaller in a Share of GDP
Japan’s insurance premiums as a share of GDP are only 2.34% (the 24th highest) compared to the global average of 2.80%.
  Comparison of Non-Life Insurance Premium Income in Principal Countries (2017)
    Italy
Country/Region
United States
China
Germany
Japan
United Kingdom
France
South Korea
Canada
Netherlands
Australia
Spain
Brazil
Switzerland
India
Taiwan
Belgium
Russia
Argentina
Mexico
Other countries (regions)
25,340,524
14,262,506
12,996,249
10,583,152
9,970,115
8,871,606
7,688,657
7,176,699
5,421,009
4,704,403
4,225,496
4,124,757
3,164,792
2,803,037
2,136,235
1,931,021
1,835,376
1,580,019
1,522,292
28,593,152
Direct Premiums Written
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
-
37.2
10.0
5.6
5.1
4.2
3.9
3.5
3.0
2.8
2.1
1.9
1.7
1.6
1.3
1.1
0.8
0.8
0.7
0.6
0.6
11.3
As a Share of GDP
4.28
1.89
3.41
2.34
2.36
3.18
5.00
4.11
7.67
3.48
2.14
2.84
1.77
4.12
0.93
3.42
2.55
1.04
2.25
1.17
-
38
12
24
23
14
30
17
46
73
11
21
70
27
68
5
4
8
2
9
7
-
Per Capita Premiums
       (¥ million)
93,983,355
Ranking
Share (%)
(%)
Ranking
(¥)
287,729
17,997
171,936
101,984
106,172
138,545
172,388
209,741
420,614
219,815
77,309
91,005
19,695
372,282
2,037
90,892
125,641
12,790
35,655
11,772
-
Ranking
        Total/Average
252,914,453
-
100.00
2.80
-
33,617
-
          4
53
12
23
21
16
11
 7
 2
 5
29
27
50
 3
82
28
17
59
37
62
 -
                     Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 3/2018” of Swiss Re.
Note: 1. The “Total (average)” figures are totals of figures for 147 countries and regions within the scope of the survey in 2017.
2. Premium figures are direct premiums written by domestic- and foreign-based companies in each country and region (including cross-border transaction premiums), and the figures for each country and region do not include direct premiums written by foreign bases of domestic companies.
3. Figures were converted into Japanese yen at the average exchange rate for 2017 (US$1=¥113.19).
Life Insurance
Japanese Market Accounts for Approximately 11.6% of the Global Market
According to the “sigma No. 3/2018” newsletter of Swiss Re “International Life Insurance Statistics” of the Life Insurance Association of Japan, global life insurance premium income amounted to approximately US$2,657 billion in 2017. The figure for Japan was approximately US$307 billion, corresponding to 11.6% of the global figure.
Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 3/2018” of Swiss Re. Note: Figures represent premiums directly written in each country
irrespective of the geographical base of the underwriting company. 1. Premium income figures include estimates of premiums from group
pension policies (except in certain regions).
2. Figures are for the fiscal year from April 1, 2017, through March 31,
2018.
Life Insurance Premium Income/Rankings/ Market Share by Country (Top 10 Countries)
  France
Italy
Country
United States1
China
Japan2
United Kingdom
South Korea2
Taiwan
Germany
India2
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Life Insurance (2017)
   Ranking
Premium Income (US$ million)
546,800
317,570
307,232
189,833
153,520
113,947
102,839
98,602
96,973
73,240
Share (%)
     20.6 12.0 11.6
7.1 5.8 4.3 3.9 3.7 3.6 2.8
          INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 089

    Glossary of Insurance Terminology
A
Alternative Risk Transfer (ART) Business
A general term referring to the use of techniques other than traditional insurance policies to transfer risks, meaning to provide risk-bearing entities with coverage or protection. ART entails the use of financial technologies and capital markets to provide risk solutions. ART products include derivatives and securitized products, and the typical products include “weather derivatives” and “earthquake derivatives.”
Annualized Premiums
The insurance premium payment method differs depending on the insurance contract. An annualized premium is calculated by adjusting for these differences in payment methods and computing the yearly average paid in premiums. It indicates how much income an insurance company makes from insurance premiums in one year.
Asset Liability Management (ALM)
A general term for the comprehensive management of risks related to assets and liabilities. The value of most of the assets held by insurance companies and other financial institutions is affected by market prices (or market interest rates), in other words, they are at risk. A proper evaluation of risks and returns cannot focus on assets or liabilities alone‒the ALM business management methodology seeks to maximize profit, while managing in a way that pays comprehensive attention to the risk and return of both assets and liabilities.
Commissions and Collection Expense
The total of agent commissions, insurance broker commissions, sales expense, collection expense, reinsurance commissions and ceded premium commissions. (Note that ceded premium commissions, which are commission incomes pertaining to ceded reinsurance and retrocession premiums, are deductions.)
Compulsory Automobile Liability Insurance (CALI)
In order to provide relief to victims of automobile accidents, this is compulsory insurance that all motor vehicles must be enrolled in under law. Motorized bicycles are also subject to this requirement. Compulsory automobile liability insurance provides compensation in cases where other persons are killed or injured in traffic accidents, etc. Insurance claims are paid for loss compensation of the other persons.
Core Profit (Fundamental Profit)
Ordinary profit after adjustments for capital profits/(losses) and extraordinary income and losses, which represent profits and losses not stemming from the principal business of life insurance companies; so, Core Profit is an indicator of the profitability of the Company’s principal business operations during a fiscal year. The concept of Core Profit is close to those of ordinary companies’ “operating income” and banks’ “business income.”
Corporate Governance Code
Corporate governance principles that the Tokyo Stock Exchange is requiring its listed companies to comply with. (For more details, please consult the Tokyo Stock Exchange website.)  U R L https://www.jpx.co.jp/english/equities/listing/cg/03.html
Cross-Selling
Concurrent selling of life insurance and non-life insurance products, such as in the case of a non-life insurance agent that sells life insurance products.
D
Direct Insurance
A term used in contrast with reinsurance. When an insurance contract is reinsured, the original insurance that has been reinsured is called direct insurance.
It can also be used to refer to all the insurance contracts directly entered into with policyholders by the insurance company. → Reinsurance
E
Earned-Incurred Loss Ratio (EI Loss Ratio)
After adjusting for provisions and reversals of loss reserves and ordinary policy liability reserves, the EI Loss Ratio is an indicator of the loss ratio on a current-period-occurrence basis.
It is calculated as follows. → Net Loss Ratio
・EI Loss Ratio = claims incurred ÷ premiums earned ・Claims incurred = period-end net claims paid + (period-end
loss reserve ‒ previous period-end loss
reserve)
・Premiums earned = previous period-end unearned
premiums + net premiums written for the period ‒ period-end unearned premiums
Embedded Value (EV)
The current value of net assets plus the current value of future profit expected from policies in force (policies in force value). Under current statutory accounting practices, the recognition of costs is concentrated at the time of sales, while the related profits are recognized in subsequent years; so, using those accounting practices to accurately evaluate corporate performance is difficult in some ways. As EV encompasses an evaluation of the current value of future profit expected from policies in force, it is a useful indicator that can be used to supplement statutory accounting practices for the purpose of evaluating companies’ performance and enterprise values.
 Assumed Interest Rate
Insurance companies anticipate a certain level of profits from asset management and offer discounts on insurance premiums based on this. This discount rate is called the assumed interest rate.
C
Catastrophe Reserves
Most non-life insurance premium rates are set using the “law of large numbers,” but, in a given fiscal year, it is always possible that there will be a major typhoon or other large disaster causing damages on a scale that cannot be absorbed using premium income for that year alone. The catastrophe reserve is provided to prepare to respond to the temporary surge in claims associated with such disasters. For more details, see P. 95.
CAT Bond (Catastrophe Bond)
   Securities sold by non-life insurance companies to investors
to enable the insurance companies to avoid major losses owing to claims paid in connection with major disasters.
If there is no occurrence of a disaster on a scale surpassing previously stipulated criterion, then the CAT bonds’ interest and principal will be paid to the investors, but, in the case of such a disaster, the principal will be partially or entirely reduced.
CAPM (Capital Asset Pricing Model)
An acronym for “Capital Asset Pricing Model,” which is used to calculate the rate of return expected by shareholders in the capital market. The correlation of the target company’s stock with the market is determined by the β value (more precisely, the slope estimated by the linear regression equation that explains the fluctuations in the stock prices of the target companies in terms of market price fluctuations).The estimated cost of capital is calculated by adding the risk-free interest rate to the individual equity risk premium, which is the β value multiplied by the equity market risk premium (market return - risk-free interest rate).
Combined Ratio
An indicator that is the sum of the net loss ratio and the net expense ratio, and subtracting this ratio from 1 gives the underwriting balance ratio. Although the indicator is not adjusted to reflect outstanding claims and underwriting reserve, it reflects profitability for the fiscal period. Used only in the insurance industry, its concept is similar to that of the ratio of operating profit on sales of ordinary companies.
090 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Based on past statistics, gender-wise and age-wise mortality (or the number of those alive) is predicted, and this information is used for calculating the required amount of insurance premium for future insurance payments. The mortality rate used in these calculations is called the expected mortality.
Expected Operating Expense Ratio
Life insurance companies anticipate all the expenses required
for business operation such as concluding contracts, receiving premiums, maintaining and managing policies, and so on in advance. The sum of these expenses is divided by expected premium income to calculate the expected operating expense ratio.
F
Foreign Currency‒Denominated Life Insurance
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Supplementary Information
Data Section
 While the Company has disclosed its EV for some time, since fiscal 2011, it has disclosed its EV calculated on the basis of the European Embedded Value principles (EEV principles*), and this type of EV is referred to as EEV. In addition, the Company’s calculations of EEV employ a market-consistent approach to evaluating liability- and asset-related cash flows that is consistent with the financial products traded in markets.
* The EEV principles were instituted by a CFO Forum (comprised of the chief financial officers (CFOs) of major European insurance companies) in May 2004 with the goal of promoting a consistent EV calculation and disclosure method and thereby promoting an increase in transparency.
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
A process for determining and evaluating the risks associated with the execution of business operations by an enterprise in an integrated, comprehensive and strategic manner. It is an integrated risk management method used for maximizing enterprise value. For more details, see PP. 36 and 66.
Equity Ratio
The proportion of equity divided by total assets. Owing to
the application of accounting standards concerning financial products and the inclusion of unrealized gains on securities within the balance sheet figures, the equity ratio is also stated based on market value.
ESG
Three concepts of environmental, social and governance (ESG). In ESG investing, the investor does not focus exclusively on the profit that can be earned from an investment but goes on to consider the impact of the investment on the environment as well as on shareholders, customers, employees, local communities and other stakeholders. ESG investing essentially entails carrying out CSR when making investment decisions.
Expected Mortality
G
General Insurance Rating Organization of Japan
An insurance rating organization formed by the merger in July 2002 of the Property and Casualty Insurance Rating Organiza- tion of Japan (established 1948) and the Automobile Insurance Rating Organization of Japan (established 1964), which were established in accordance with the Act of Non-Life Insurance Rating Organizations.
It collects data from member insurance companies and calculates the Reference Loss Cost Rates for automobile insurance, fire insurance, personal accident insurance and nursing care expense insurance, as well as Standard Rates for compulsory automobile liability insurance and earthquake insurance. It also handles loss adjustment work for compulso- ry automobile liability, collects insurance data, and conducts research and analysis.
Gross Written Premiums
Premiums written that were received from direct insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts during one fiscal year; they are the premiums written prior to the deduction of reinsurance premiums ceded via reinsurance contracts.
Group Core Profit
Group Core Profit, which is a numerical management target within the Next Challenge 2017 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Core Profit = Consolidated net income - Net capital
gains/losses on stock portfolio (gains/losses on sales, etc.) - Net evaluation gains/losses on credit derivatives - Other incidental factors + Equity in earnings of the non- consolidated Group companies
Group Return on Equity (Group ROE)
Group ROE, which is a numerical management target within the Next Challenge 2017 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group ROE = Group Core Profit ÷ Consolidated total net assets excluding non-controlling interests (average of
beginning and ending amounts of B/S)
Group Adjusted Profit
Group Adjusted Profit, which is a numerical management target within the Vision 2021 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Adjusted Profit = Consolidated net income + provision for
catastrophe loss reserve and others - other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets, etc.) + equity in earnings of the non-consolidated group companies
Group Adjusted ROE
Group Adjusted ROE, which is a numerical management target within the Vision 2021 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Adjusted ROE = Group Adjusted Profit ÷ average of
beginning and ending amounts on B/S of adjusted net assets (consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserve and others - goodwill and other intangible fixed assets)
I
Income Guarantee Insurance
A type of insurance under which a pension can be claimed after the policyholder’s death for the full term of the insurance as decided at the time of entering the contract. The number of times a pension can be claimed depends on the time of death of the policyholder. The minimum number of times a pension can be claimed is guaranteed. If the number of times the pension has been claimed before maturity is less than the guaranteed minimum, the remaining number of times can be claimed.
  Foreign currency‒denominated life insurance calls for the use of a foreign currency (e.g., U.S. dollars, Euros, Australian dollars) to pay insurance premiums and the use of a foreign currency to pay insurance benefits and reimbursements upon policy cancellations. A portion of such life insurance products as whole life insurance, endowment insurance and fixed/variable individual annuities are sold as foreign currency‒denominated products. When the foreign-currency benefits from such products are converted into yen, they will be affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations; so, there is a possibility that the yen-denominated benefits could end up being lower than the yen-denominated value of the premiums paid. The impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations is referred to as “foreign exchange risk (foreign exchange rate fluctuation risk),” and policyholders and beneficiaries of foreign currency‒denominated policies are exposed to those risks.
Full-Time Agents
Agents specializing in the sale of insurance. In the field
of non-life insurance, in addition to specialized agents (professional agents), there are automobile sales dealers, automobile repair shops, real estate agents, travel agents and other sideline agents that sell insurance alongside their main line of business.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 091

   Incurred but Not Reported Loss (IBNR)
The portion of underwriting reserves corresponding to claims that have been incurred but had not been reported to the company at the end of the period. The IBNR is estimated using statistical methods. → Ordinary Outstanding Claims Reserve
Individual Annuity Insurance
Annuity insurance is a financial product used to save premi- ums and thereby fund the payment of future annuities, and individual annuity insurance is an annuity insurance product provided by private-sector life insurance companies. The annuities are received after the beneficiary reaches an age specified in the policy contract. There are several kinds of individual annuity insurance products defined based on the annuity receipt period, such as whole life annuity with a guarantee period, annuity certain, fixed-term annuity with
a guarantee period, and a husband-and-wife annuity.
Insurance Business Act
A law that was enacted to promote the protection of policyholders through ensuring sound and appropriate business operations of insurance companies and fair solicitation of insurance policies. The act lays down organizational and operational rules for insurance businesses, as well as defining the criteria for the administration and supervision of insurance companies, and determining the supervision standards and authorities of government units overseeing insurance business operations.
Insurance Claim (Benefit)
In the case of non-life insurance, the sum of money paid by an insurance company to the insured based on the amount of damage incurred as a result of an insured event. (In the case of life insurance) the sum of money decided beforehand in the insurance contract paid by the insurance company upon the maturity of the contract to the designated beneficiary, in the event of illness or death of the insured person.
J
Japanese Version of the Stewardship Code
A set of principles released by the Financial Services Agency directed at institutional investors who own shares in compa- nies. (For details, please see the Financial Services Agency website.)     https://www.fsa.go.jp/en/refer/councils/stewardship/
L
Law of Large Numbers
If you roll a die (1 dice), a “one” might appear by chance, but if you continue to increase the number of times the die is rolled, the ratio of times that “one” appears will approach one time out of six. As in this case, when the number of trials is increased, the law of large numbers indicates that the results will approach a fixed value. When calculating the probability of accident occurrence, the probability can be forecast by analyzing large volumes of accident data rather than just looking at the accident percentages of a few cases.
Life Insurance Professional
An agent specializing in life insurance or selling life insurance as its main business.
Lloyd’s (Insurance Market)
The generic name for an insurance market established in London in the 17th century, having more than a 300-year history. On a day-to-day basis, huge and complex risks are brought to Lloyd’s, where that risk is assessed, premiums decided and insurance underwritten by underwriters who have a high level of specialized expertise and who belong to individual syndicates (the risk underwriting bodies at Lloyd’s).
Lloyd’s is under the supervision of the British regulatory authorities, as well as the rigorous management and supervi- sory system of Lloyd’s itself, and it is not easy to become a Lloyd’s member (syndicate fund contributor) or establish a syndicate as many strict requirements must be satisfied.
As of the end of December 2018, Lloyd’s had 115 syndicates and 57 managing agents registered. The fiscal 2018 gross written premiums of the Lloyd’s market as a whole were approximately 37.2 billion British pounds.
Risk assessment, underwriting approval / disapproval and decisions of terms and conditions
Syndicate
Long-Term Care Insurance (Nursing Care Insurance)
A kind of insurance that can provide benefits for the purpose of providing long-term nursing care. In Japan, there exists both public long-term care insurance and private long-term care insurance products. Among the latter type of products, there are products that will provide a lump-sum benefit and/or annuities in cases where the beneficiary requires nursing due to being bedridden or suffering dementia for a specified period of time. There are also products that will provide a lump-sum benefit and/or annuities based on the public long-term
care insurance system’s primary nursing care requirement authorization.
Loss Adjustment Expense
Personnel expenses and non-personnel expenses (including depreciation costs) as well as various taxes related to the loss adjustment and insurance claim payment operations.
M
Medical Insurance
Medical insurance provides benefits to policyholders when they are hospitalized due to illness or injury or undergo specified types of surgical operations. Some medical insurance policies also provide death benefits on the decease of the beneficiary, but the amount of such benefits is generally small.
Motor Channel Agent
Sideline agents that sell insurance as a side business but are mainly automobile repair shops, used car sales dealers or automobile- related service providers or motorbike shops. Automobile dealerships that also sell insurance are excluded from this category.
       URL
  092 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Policyholder
Lloyd’s broker
 Underwriter
  Managing agent
 (Management, operation for Syndicate)

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Supplementary Information
Data Section
 N
Net Claims Paid
Net claims paid is obtained by totaling (adding or subtract- ing as indicated) items ❶ to ❹ listed to the right, and plainly shows the amount of insurance claims paid. The payment of insurance claims is
Outstanding Claims
When an accident has occurred prior to the balance sheet date and the related claim has not been paid, provisions are made to the outstanding claims to fund the claim payment.
P
Policies in Force
The outstanding amount of valid insurance policies owned by an insurance company at the end of the fiscal year. It is an indication of the grand total amount (of insurance, etc.) guaranteed to policyholders.
Policy Clauses
The policy clauses define the details of the insurance contract, including the policyholder’s obligation to pay the insurance premium and duty of disclosure, as well as the payment amount and terms and conditions of payment by the insurance company. There are two kinds of policy clauses‒common policy clauses, which are common to all insurance contracts of the same type, and special policy clauses (clauses containing special policy conditions), which are customized for individual contracts by adding to or changing/limiting some of the provisions in the common policy clauses.
Policyholder
The party applying to an insurance company for an insurance contract is called the policyholder. The policyholder is obliged to pay the insurance premium once the contract is concluded.
Policy Reserve
The reserve set aside by the insurance company at the period- end closing of accounts so that it can fulfill its obligation to pay insurance claims based on insurance contracts. It includes outstanding claims and underwriting reserves, and policyholder dividend reserves.
R
Reinsurance
Reinsurance is a form of insurance, that a insurance company purchase to share the risks of its insurance policies to another insurance company.
→ Direct Insurance
Reinsurance Premium
An insurance premium received from another insurance company via a reinsurance contract in return for underwriting a part of the risk.
Reinsurance Premium Ceded
An insurance premium paid to another insurance company via a reinsurance contract in return for covering a part of the risk of the original insurance contract, for purposes such as risk diversification.
Reorganization by Function
An unprecedented business model made possible by the 2013 revision of Japan’s Insurance Business Act, Reorganization by Function calls for making the most of the strengths of each group insurance company while undertaking business reorganization. While enabling the bypassing of the negative aspects of simple corporate mergers‒including temporary costs and the business impediments, time losses and various other problematic factors that often arise at the time of mergers‒Reorganization by Function is designed to realize smooth business integration without slowing the speed of business growth, and it concurrently enables the leveraging of individual companies’ strengths and the realization of efficiency in the pursuit of business scale and profitability.
 ❶ Direct claims paid
-) ❷ Reinsurance claims ceded
+) ❸ Reinsurance claims paid -) ❹ Retrocession claims ceded
The net loss ratio is obtained by adding net claims paid and loss adjustment expenses, and dividing this by net premiums written, and it indicates the company’s insurance underwrit- ing business performance. It can also be called “published loss ratio” or “loss ratio.”
The net loss ratio is what is called a “written paid basis” indicator, as it can be calculated based simply on written premium and paid claims during the accounting period in question. → Earned-Incurred Loss Ratio (EI Loss Ratio)
Net Premiums Written
Net premiums written is obtained by totaling (adding or subtracting as indicated) items ❶ to ❹ listed to the right,
the main expenditure involved in the non-life insurance business.
Net Expense Ratio
The net expense ratio is
obtained by adding the
commissions and collection expense to operating expenses and general administrative expenses incurred in the insurance underwriting business, and dividing this by net premiums written. It is an indicator of the operational efficiency of an insurance company. The net expense ratio can also be called simply “expense ratio.”
Net Loss Ratio
  and plainly shows the income earned from the non-life insurance business (excluding deposit premiums from policyholders).
❶ Direct premiums written
-) ❷ Reinsurance premiums ceded
+) ❸ Reinsurance premiums written -) ❹ Retrocession premiums ceded
❺ Net claims paid  (Income statement item)
 ❺ Net premiums written   (Income statement item)
 Non-Fleet Grade System (Automobile Insurance)
A system of insurance premium discounts and surcharges based on the accident history applied to non-fleet contracts. The term non-fleet contracts refers to contracts where the total number of contract automobiles owned and used by the policyholder (the number of contracts with other insurance companies included) is nine or less. (Cases where the number of automobiles is 10 or more are referred to as “fleet contracts.”) The grades are divided into 20 levels (Grade 1 to Grade 20), and the grade is maintained even if the insurance company changes. For more details, see P. 95.
O
Ordinary Outstanding Claims Reserve
A type of outstanding claims reserve set aside based on an estimation of future liability of individual claims that have occurred and been reported but not yet settled.
→ Incurred but Not Reported Loss (IBNR)
Ordinary Underwriting Reserves
The amount of unearned premiums (premium reserve) or the initial year balance, whichever is greater, is set aside as a liability reserve and called “ordinary underwriting reserve.”
・Unearned premiums (premium reserve): Insurance premiums corresponding to the time period remaining on an insurance policy, collected beforehand.
・Initial year balance: Premiums received during the fiscal year less claims paid, reserves for outstanding claims and other expenses incurred under those contracts.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 093

   Reserve for Price Fluctuation
In accordance with the Insurance Business Act revised in 1996, this reserve is provided to cover losses incurred from future decreases in prices of assets such as stocks and bonds for which the value is likely to fluctuate.
Retrocession Premium
When a reinsurance company reinsures a certain portion of the accepted reinsurance risks to other reinsurers, a reinsurance company pays a retrocession premium to other reinsurers based on the retrocession contracts.
S
Solvency Margin Ratio
The solvency margin of an insurance company, including its capital and reserves, seen as a percentage of a risk amount greater than what can be ordinarily expected, which might include catastrophic disasters or a massive drop in the price of owned assets. It is an indicator of the soundness of the company’s management.
Three Surplus Factors (Life Insurance)
The "three surplus factors" refer to three margins: the "administrative expense margin," which is the difference between the planned administrative expense based on the planned expense ratio and the actual administrative expenses; the "risk margin (mortality margin)," which is the difference between the planned payment amounts from insurance, benefits, etc., based on the planned mortality rate and the actual payment amounts from insurance, benefits, etc.; and the "investment yield margin," which is the difference between the planned investment income based on the planned interest rate and the actual investment income. (If the investment yield margin is negative, it will be in a "negative spread" state.) The three surplus factors are a breakdown of "core profit," which is an indicator of the periodical profit and loss situation of a life insurance company.
Tontine-Type Annuity
Defined as “a plan whereby the guarantee of someone who has died is controlled and their share in an annuity devolved to the pension of someone living,” the tontine-type annuity product offers the benefit of the longer people live, the more pension is received. Its name is derived from an insurance system devised by the Italian Lorenzo de Tonti.
U
Underwriting Profit (Loss)
Claims payment and loss adjustment expenses, maturity refunds and other underwriting expenses, and operating expenses and other general administrative expenses required for insurance underwriting are subtracted from net premiums written and other underwriting profit, and this is then adjusted to reflect other income and expenditure (such as expenses associated with compulsory automobile liability insurance, etc., corresponding to corporate taxes) to calculate underwriting profit (loss).
As for non-life insurance companies, the principal revenue sources are underwriting income and investment income, and underwriting profit indicates the profitability level of underwriting operations.
Underwriting Reserves
The general term for reserve funds set aside by insurance companies based on the legal requirement, for use toward insurance claims payments and other insurance-related obligations that could arise in the future. Underwriting reserves are broadly classified into five types: (1) ordinary underwriting reserves, (2) catastrophe reserves, (3) contingency reserves, (4) refund reserves and (5) policyholder dividend reserves.
V
Variable Insurance
An insurance product where the premium is invested in stocks, bonds and other assets, and the insurance payment or payout upon cancellation varies depending on the performance of the investment. The investment risk (the risk fluctuation in pension or cancellation payout) is borne by the individual policyholder. When the policyholder dies, the beneficiary can claim the
basic insurance + variable insurance. The basic insurance is a minimum amount guaranteed to the policyholder irrespective of the investment fund’s performance. Even when the variable insurance is negative, the basic insurance can be claimed.
W
Whole Life Insurance
Of the types of insurance providing for the receipt of death benefits on death, this is a type that is not for a fixed period but continues for a lifetime and does not have benefits on maturity. → Term Insurance
 Solvency margin ratio = solvency margin ÷ half of total risk amount greater than what
can be ordinarily expected
Strategic Equity
Investments in stocks with the intention of holding the stock over a long period to maintain and strengthen general business relationships with the issuer, while also securing a stable stream of investment income and improving asset value over the long run.
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
 U R L  http://www.undp.org/content/undp/en/home/sustainable-development-goals.html
 Goal 1: Goal 2: Goal 3: Goal 4: Goal 5: Goal 6: Goal 7: Goal 8: Goal 9: Goal 10: Goal 11: Goal 12: Goal 13: Goal 14: Goal 15: Goal 16: Goal 17:
T
Telematics
A combination of “telecommunication” and “informatics,” telematics refers to information services provided by equipping automobiles and other mobile objects with communications systems.
Telematics Automobile Insurance refers to automobile insurance with the premium rates calculated based on the collected data that relate to the driver’s driving tendency such as miles driven and drivers’ use of accelerator and brake functions.
Term Insurance
A type of insurance where the term of the insurance is
fixed and the insurance benefits can be claimed only if the policyholder dies during the term. There are no maturity proceeds. This is ordinarily a fixed-amount insurance, where the insurance amount is fixed and remains unchanged throughout the term of insurance, but it could also be a decreasing term insurance, where the insurance premium is fixed and the insurance amount progressively decreases over the insurance term, and increasing term insurance, where the insurance amount increases over the duration of the insurance term. → Whole Life Insurance
Third Sector
The third “sector” of insurance, positioned somewhere between the first sector (life insurance) and second sector (non-life insurance), includes many different types of insurance, such as medical insurance, cancer insurance, nursing care insurance and accident insurance.
No poverty
Zero hunger
Good health and well-being
Quality education
Gender equality
Clean water and sanitation
Affordable and clean energy
Decent work and economic growth Industry, innovation and infrastructure Reduced inequalities
Sustainable cities and communities Responsible consumption and production Climate action
Life below water
Life on land
Peace, justice and strong institutions Partnerships for the goals
    Accounting Line Item Terminology
Please refer to the Guide Book for the Understanding of Disclosure Materials of Non-Life Insurance Companies1 (prepared by the General Insurance Association of Japan) and the Life Insurance Company Disclosure Notes Glossary2 (prepared by the Life Insurance Association of Japan) for details of accounting line items and other pertinent information.
1. http://www.sonpo.or.jp/archive/publish/sonpo/pdf/0004/ book_kantanguide.pdf (Japanese only)
2. http://www.seiho.or.jp/data/publication/tora/pdf/tora_yougo.pdf (Japanese only)
094 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Supplementary Information
Data Section
   Catastrophe Reserves
● These are reserves that insurance companies set aside to prepare for major disasters (e.g., typhoons, earthquakes) for which the “law of large numbers” does not function.
● The funds are accumulated as reserves (expense posted) at a certain percentage of each fiscal year’s net premiums written.
● If a fiscal year’s loss ratio (ratio of net losses paid to net premiums written) exceeds a certain threshold, reserves are reversed and posted as income.
● This is one of the mechanisms used to mitigate the impact on an insurance company’s fiscal year profit and to guarantee it has a suitable capacity to pay insurance claims.
Non-Fleet Grade System (Automobile Insurance)
● This system applies discount percentages to grades defined from Grade 1 to Grade 20.
    Amount of reversal of catastrophe reserve
(income)
If the net loss ratio exceeds the reversal threshold determined for each insurance line (group), the amount exceeding the threshold is reversed out of the reserve.
High
Insurance premiums
Low
Grade Grade Grade 18 19 20
Grade 1
Grade 2
Grade 3
Grade 4
 High
Surcharges
Low Low
Discounts
High
   100%
No reversal of catastrophe reserve
Example: FY2010
Reversal of catastrophe reserve
50%
In case of fire/ cargo group
● When the contract is first concluded, the customer starts at Grade 6 (or Grade 7) and then rises by a one-grade increment if there are no accidents.
● If there is an accident, the grade drops by three-grade increments and, at renewal time, the grade, in principle, drops by three-grade increments per accident.*
* Depending on the accident type and the type of claim received, there are cases where the grade drops by only a one-grade increment and cases where the matter is not counted as an accident.
Net Premiums Written
  Net Losses Paid
Net Losses Paid
 FY2011
   Principle
3 grades down for 1 accident
  About Residential Earthquake Insurance
Based on Japan’s Law Concerning Earthquake Insurance (the Earthquake Insurance Act), residential earthquake insurance is operated jointly by the government and non-life insurance companies. Reflecting the significant impact that earthquakes can have on society, residential earthquake insurance is
a prerequisite for and incidental to fire insurance. Recognizing the substantial damage that is likely
to occur in the event of a large-scale earthquake, residential earthquake insurance involves a govern- ment reinsurance underwriting mechanism in preparation for the payment of massive insurance amounts. For their part, non-life insurance companies forego the accumulation of profits in similar fashion to compulsory automobile liability insurance. Premiums are set aside as a reserve to cover insurance payments in the event of an earthquake in the future.
Government and Private-Sector Burdens
High
Insurance premiums
Low
If no accidents: 1 grade up
     Grade 13
Grade 14
Grade 15
Grade 16
Accident
Grade 17
 Grade 18
    As of April 2019
(¥ billion) 11,700
153.7 87.1
■Private sector: ¥133.8 billion
■Japanese government: ¥11,566.2 billion
13.4
High
Insurance premiums
Low
Discount %
Low
● Even at the same grade, discount percentages differ, depending on whether there have been accidents in the past. When “accidents exist,” insurance premiums are set higher than when “no accidents exist.”
Not accident free
 Grade 15
 Grade 16
Grade
 Grade 17
 11,532.9
  33.3
 33.3
    Grade 15
Accident free
Discount %
Grade 16
17
Discounts High
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 095

  Corporate Profile
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings is an insurance holding company. The Company controls the entire MS&AD Insurance Group, planning strategies and allocating management resources across the Group, as well as monitoring and overseeing Group companies. The Company has thus established a system for Group corporate governance.
The Company will be the force to maximize the total potential of the Group, forming the center of efforts to raise the level of management control, pursue Group synergies, accelerate decision making and develop human assets through various business frameworks and personnel systems.
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
April 1, 2008 (Name changed on April 1, 2010)
27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Yasuyoshi Karasawa, Representative Director, President & CEO ¥100,000 million
399 (41,467 on a consolidated basis) (As of March 31, 2019)
Our activities as an insurance holding company are as follows:
1. Management of non-life and life insurance companies and companies qualified to become subsidiaries
under the Insurance Business Act.
2. Any business associated with the above.
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section) Nagoya Stock Exchange (First Section)
KPMG AZSA LLC
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. Organizational Chart (As of April 1, 2019)
 Corporate Name
 Date Established
 Headquarters
 Representative
 Paid-in Capital
 Number of Employees
 Business Description
 Stock Listings
 Independent Auditor
                  Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Shareholders’Meeting
 Audit & Supervisory Board
 Board of Directors
Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee
  Internal Audit Dept.
Group Management Committee
Governance Committee
 Task-Specific Committee Meetings
  Officers in Charge
            096 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Office of Audit & Supervisory Board
  Corporate Planning Dept. Sustainability Section
Investment Planning Section Innovations Section
Information Technology Planning Dept.
Business Development Dept.
Human Resources and General Administration Dept.
Healthcare Administration Center Speak-Up Desk Shareholder Relations and Legal Section Real Estate Section
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept.
Corporate Risk Management Dept. Investment Risk Management Section
International Supervisory Dept. International Life Insurance Business Dept.
Accounting Dept.
Compliance Dept.

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Stock and Shareholders (As of March 31, 2019) 1. Summary of Issued Shares
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
   Class of Stock
Total Number of Issued Shares
2. Shareholding Profile Breakdown by Sector
Common stock 593,291,754
Total Number of Authorized Shares Number of Shareholders
900,000,000 63,735
         Item
 Number of Shareholders
Japanese Financial Institutions
182 213.24 35.9%
51 21.97 3.7%
32,540 51.1%
301.83 50.9%
1,523 822 98.25 195.87 16.6% 33.0%
11,652 968 18.3% 1.5%
18.63 2.10 3.1% 0.4%
61,157 63.94 10.8%
382 0.6%
2.11 0.4%
63,735 593.29 100.0%
63,735 100.0%
Japanese Securities Companies
Japanese Individuals and Others
Total
  Number of Shares Held (millions)
  Percentage of Shares Issued
  Breakdown by Number of Shares Held
        Item
 Number of Shareholders
 Percentage of All Shareholders
1‒99
100‒999
1,000‒9,999
10,000‒99,999
100,000 and Above
Total
 Breakdown by Region
3. Major Shareholders
18,193 28.5%
1.01 0.2%
2.86 0.5%
66.64 11.2%
2.20 0.4%
195.85 32.9%
593.29 100.0%
9.01 6.58
6.22
4.50 2.16
1.82
1.73 1.62
1.61
1.31 36.57
            Item
 Number of Shares (millions)
 Percentage of Shares Issued
Hokkaido
Tohoku
Kanto
Chubu
Kinki
Chugoku
Shikoku
Kyushu
Overseas
Total
    Shareholder Name
Toyota Motor Corporation
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
NIPPON LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 9)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 380055
(Standing agent: Settlement & Clearing Services Dept. Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 5)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 7)
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 140044 (Standing agent: Settlement & Clearing Services Dept. Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
(Standing agent: Settlement & Clearing Services Dept. Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
Total
Address
1, Toyota-cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture
2-11-3, Hamamatsu-cho, Minato-ku, Tokyo
1-6-6, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
c/o Nippon Life Securities Operations Department
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
270 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10017, U.S.A. (2-15-1, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
240 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10286, U.S.A. (2-15-1, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5JP, UNITED KINGDOM (2-15-1 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
Number of Shares Held (thousands)
52,610
38,402
36,325
26,291
12,590
10,621
10,120
9,479
9,390
7,650
213,482
Percentage of Shares Issued (%)
           Note: Number of shares held is rounded down; percentage of shares issued is shown as rounded to the nearest basis point. The Company owns 9,580 thousand treasury shares, but these are omitted from the table above.
Other Japanese Companies
Foreign Companies and Individuals
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 097

  4. Changes in Total Number of Issued Shares, Paid-in Capital and Capital Reserves
(40,000) thousand 593,291 thousand - ¥100,000 million - ¥729,255 million
Note: The decrease in the total number of issued shares was due to the retirement of treasury shares.
      Date
Issued Shares
       Increase/Decrease
Balance
Increase/Decrease
Balance
Increase/Decrease
Balance
 June 30, 2017
   5. Basic Information
Fiscal Year
Annual Shareholders’Meeting Record Date
Method of Public Notification
Stock Exchange Listings
Administrator of Shareholders’Registry
Place of Business of Administrator of Shareholders’Registry:
Special Account Management Institution: (Postal Address)
Telephone Inquiry
April 1 to March 31 of the following year
Within three months of the end of each fiscal year
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders: March 31, every year Year-end dividends: March 31, every year
Interim dividends: September 30, every year
Electronic reporting can be found online at https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/ir/notification.html (Japanese only)
In the event of an incident or other event that prevents electronic reporting, the Company will publish its notifications in the Nikkei newspaper.
Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange (First Section) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, Stock Transfer Agency Dept. (1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan)
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited*
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, Stock Transfer Agency Dept. (2-8-4, Izumi, Suginami-ku, Tokyo 168-0063, Japan)
0120-782-031
 * Following a share exchange effective April 1, 2010, the Company inherited the responsibility for a special account that was established on the same day for the shareholders of Aioi and NDI. As a result, the special account management institution for prior shareholders of these two companies will continue to be Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation (1-4-5, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo).
098 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Paid-in Capital
Capital Reserves

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Group Business Schematic (As of March 31, 2019) The primary businesses undertaken by MS&AD Holdings and its Group companies
(subsidiaries and affiliates), and the main Group companies undertaking each business, are listed below.
〈International Businesses〉
★ MSIG Holdings(Americas), Inc. <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc. <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America <U.S.A.>
★ MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc. <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A. <BRAZIL>
★ MS Amlin plc <U.K.> and six other companies
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company(Europe), Limited <U.K.>
★ MSIG Insurance Europe AG <GERMANY>
★ MSIG Holdings(Asia)Pte. Ltd. <SINGAPORE>
★ MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd. <SINGAPORE>
★ MS First Capital Insurance Limited <SINGAPORE>
★ MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd. <TAIWAN>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China)Company Limited <CHINA> ★ MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited <HONG KONG>
★ MSIG Insurance(Vietnam)Company Limited <VIETNAM>
● Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited <INDIA> ● Max Life Insurance Company Limited <INDIA>
★ PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia <INDONESIA>
● PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG <INDONESIA>
● Ceylinco Insurance PLC <SRI LANKA>
★ MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited <THAILAND> ● BPI/MS Insurance Corporation <PHILIPPINES>
★ MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd. <MALAYSIA>
● Hong Leong Assurance Berhad <MALAYSIA>
★ MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd. <LAOS>
〈Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business〉
★ MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd. <JAPAN> ● Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited <JAPAN>
★ MS Financial Reinsurance Limited <BERMUDA>
〈International Businesses〉
★ DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited <U.S.A.>
★ DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited <U.S.A.>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited <U.K.>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG <GERMANY>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE <LUXEMBOURG> ★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd <AUSTRALIA> ★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China)Company Limited <CHINA>
● ReAssure Jersey One Limited <CHANNEL ISLANDS> <International Business>
★ MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc. <Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business>
Note: The above shows the primary consolidated subsidiaries and other entities in each business.
The ★ and ● symbols indicate the following: ★: Consolidated subsidiary ●: Equity-method affiliate
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
      ★ MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE COMPANY, LTD. (Mainly the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
 ★ AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Mainly the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
 ★ MITSUI DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
 ★ MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Life Insurance Business)
 ★ MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Life Insurance Business)
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 099
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

  Main Subsidiaries
1. CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
     Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
       Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 au Insurance Company, Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
 MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc.
 MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America
 MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
 DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited
 DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited
 MS Amlin plc
 MS Amlin Corporate Services Limited
 MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
 MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
 MSI Corporate Capital Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited
 MS Amlin AG
 MSIG Insurance Europe AG
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG
  Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
Honolulu, U.S.A.
Honolulu, U.S.A.
São Paulo, Brazil
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
Zurich, Switzerland
Oct. 21, 1918
June 30, 1918
June 3, 1999
Feb. 23, 2010
Aug. 8, 1996
Sept. 7, 2001
Dec. 6, 1990
Jan. 4, 1993
Oct. 21, 1988
Jan. 28, 1988
Mar. 29, 2001
Jan. 11, 1994
Dec. 12, 1978
Feb. 2, 2007
Dec. 15, 1965
Nov. 8, 2017
Sept. 17, 1993
Aug. 1, 1988
Sept. 19, 1994
Nov. 29, 1988
Jan. 7, 2000
July 28, 1972
Aug. 19, 2010
Apr. 20, 2012
Dec. 8, 2005
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Financial Services
Risk-Related Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
¥139,595 million 100.0
¥100,005 million 100.0
¥39,106 million 89.7 ¥3,150 million ― ¥85,500 million 100.0 ¥41,060 million 100.0
¥1,000 million ―
¥330 million 100.0
US$4,126 thousand ―
US$5,000 thousand ―
US$5,000 thousand ―
US$5,000 thousand ―
US$4,500 thousand ―
US$2,500 thousand ―
BRL619,756 ― thousand
UK£350,010 ― thousand
UK£143,168 ― thousand
UK£16 thousand ―
UK£1,700 thousand ―
UK£400 thousand ―
UK£5,200 thousand ―
UK£80,700 ― thousand
CHF10,000 ― thousand
€84,000 thousand ―
€5,000 thousand ―
―
―
― 66.6 ― ― 100.0
―
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
                                     Cologne, Germany
Ismaning, Germany
  100 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
 Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
  MS Financial Reinsurance Limited
 MS Amlin Insurance SE
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE
 MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
 MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd.
 MS First Capital Insurance Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd
 MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China) Company Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China) Company Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Vietnam)Company Limited
 PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia
 MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd.
 MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd.
 49 other companies
   Hamilton, Bermuda
Brussels, Belgium
Strassen, Luxembourg
Singapore, Singapore
Singapore, Singapore
Singapore, Singapore
Melbourne, Australia
Taipei, Taiwan
Tianjin, P.R.C.
Shanghai, P.R.C.
Hong Kong, P.R.C.
Hanoi, Vietnam
Jakarta, Indonesia
Bangkok, Thailand
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Vientiane, Laos
Nov. 21, 2011
Jan. 4, 2016
Nov. 12, 2004
Sept. 23, 2004
Sept. 23, 2004
Dec. 9, 1950
Aug. 1, 2008
Sept. 22, 1961
Jan. 23, 2009
Sept. 6, 2007
Sept. 8, 2004
Feb. 2, 2009
Dec. 17, 1975
Apr. 14, 1983
Apr. 28, 1979 Sept. 18, 2009
Financial Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International International
¥46 million
€1,321 thousand
€41,875 thousand
S$1,075 million
S$333,442 thousand
S$26,500 thousand
A$87,800 thousand
NT$2,535 million
RMB625,000 thousand
RMB500,000 thousand
HK$1,625 million
VND300,000 million
IDR100,000 million
THB142,666 thousand
MYR1,511 million
US$2,000 thousand
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 97.7
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 80.0
― 86.4
― 65.4 [1.4]
― 51.0
                    Notes: Figures in square brackets [ ] represent the percentage of voting rights belonging to closely allied entities or entities that are in agreement with MS&AD on voting issues.
2. EQUITY-METHOD AFFILIATES
Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
    Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited
 ReAssure Jersey One Limited
 Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited
 Max Life Insurance Company Limited
 PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG
 Ceylinco Insurance PLC
 BPI/MS Insurance Corporation
 Hong Leong Assurance Berhad
 Five other companies
    Minato-ku, Tokyo
Channel, Jersey
Chennai, India
Chandigarh, India
Jakarta, Indonesia
Colombo, Sri Lanka
Makati, Philippines
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
July 15, 1985
July 22, 2011
Nov. 2, 2001 July 11, 2000 July 17, 1984 Feb. 11, 1987
Oct. 1, 1965 Dec. 20, 1982
Financial Services
International
International International International International International International
¥2,000 million ― 28.8
UK£529 25.0 ― thousand
  INR2,988 million INR19,188 million IDR105,000 million LKR1,324 million
PHP350,000 thousand
MYR200,000 thousand
― 40.0 ― 25.2 ― 50.0 ― 15.0
― 48.5 ― 30.0
                      INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 101

  History of the MS&AD Insurance Group in Japan
 Major events in the insurance industry
Start of Japan’s Big Bang (financial system reform)
Development of original products
1996
1997 1998
1999 2000
Deregulation of premium rate
2001
Diversification of insurance products
      1996 ● Revision of the Insurance Business Act
1998 ● Abolition of obligation for members to use the premium rates calculated by the Rating
2001
● Ban on OTC bank
sales of insurance partially lifted
・Mutual entry into non-life and life insurance Organization (Transitional Measures: 2 years) business by subsidiaries
・Reform of Insurance Rating Organization system
・Introduction of products and premium rates notification system
1997 ● Approval of risk-subdivision-type automobile insurance
History of the MS&AD Insurance Group
  Founded in 1918
Founded in 1893
Founded in 1918
Founded in 1897
Founded in 1897
     Dai-Tokyo
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Chiyoda
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
  Dowa
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
This company was established as Osaka-based Osaka Insurance in 1893 by interests related to the copper
and trading industries. Another predecessor company, Tokyo-based Fuso Marine, was established in 1917.
Its management was later transferred to Sumitomo, and it was renamed Sumitomo Marine. Osaka Insurance and Sumitomo Marine merged in 1944, creating Osaka Sumitomo Marine. In 1954, the company’s head office was moved to Tokyo, and the company’s name was changed to Sumitomo Marine. In response to Japanese companies’ moves to establish overseas operations, it progressively built up an overseas sales system.
Established in 1918 as Tokyo Dosan Fire, which was engaged in the basic fire insurance business, this company merged with Toshin Fire, which was engaged in the general fire insurance business, in 1944 to create Dai Tokyo Fire. From the early 1960s, Dai Tokyo Fire proactively worked to expand its automobile insurance business. It built one of the industry’s top claims handling systems in automobile insurance and organized a network of car repair and maintenance shops, thereby earning the epithet “Dai Tokyo of car repair and maintenance agencies.”
Established in 1897 as Otaru Cargo Fire, this company merged with Okura Fire of the Okura zaibatsu in 1944. In 1945, it merged with the former Chiyoda Fire, which was established as a sister company of Chiyoda Life, and it changed its name to Chiyoda Fire in 1946. After the war, Chiyoda Fire cooperated with Tokai Bank and built strong ties with the financial industry in the greater Nagoya region. After building ties with Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd., it developed as a company with particularly strong operations in automobile insurance.
Established in 1897 as Yokohama Fire, it merged with three companies based in the Kansai region ‒ Kobe Marine, Kyodo Fire, and Asahi Marine ‒ in 1944 to create Dowa Fire. After the war, it redeveloped aviation insurance and developed satellite insurance products, earning a reputation as being particularly strong in the aerospace field, and it maintained one of the industry’s top levels of financial soundness.
  Established in 1996
Nissay General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Business started in 2000
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
  Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Mitsui Mirai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Marine Yu-Yu Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Dai-Tokyo Shiawase Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda Kasai Ebisu Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
       102
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Mitsui Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
In 1918, this company was established as Taisho Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd., with the support of a wide range of companies from many industries centered on Mitsui & Co., Ltd. Besides beginning direct underwriting operations in Thailand in 1934 and undertaking other moves to expand its overseas sales systems from an early stage, the company initiated fund procurement through the issuance of depositary receipts in London from 1964 and otherwise responded to the era of internationalization. It merged with Shin Nippon Fire in 1941 and with Mitsui Fire in 1944. In 1991, it changed its name to Mitsui Marine & Fire.
Note: Because the 1996 Revision of the Insurance Business Act removed the prohibition of life and non-life insurance company moves
to enter the other insurance sector through subsidiaries, Mitsui Marine & Fire, Sumitomo Marine & Fire, Dai-Tokyo Fire & Marine and Chiyoda Fire & Marine, each established a life insurance subsidiary and began engaging in the life insurance business.
    
      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
2002
End of Japan’s
Financial Big Bang
First industry realignment
2010 2014 2016
Second industry realignment, Strengthening of policyholder protection/deregulation
  2007
● Implementation of Financial
Instruments and Exchange Act ● OTCbanksalesofinsurance
fully liberalized
2010
● Implementation
of the Insurance Act
2014
● Revision of the
Insurance BusinessAct
2016
● Enforcement of
the Insurance BusinessAct
  Established in 2008
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd., and Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd., became subsidiaries of MSIGHD.
2010 Establishment of the MS&AD Insurance Group
Company name changed in 2010
  Inaugurated in 2001
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings (MSIGHD)
 MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Inaugurated in 2001
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Inaugurated in 2001
Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
  Inaugurated in 2010
  Inaugurated in 2001
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Inaugurated in 2001
Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Business started in 2002
Mitsui Sumitomo CitiInsurance Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Company name changed in 2005
Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd.
Inaugurated in 2011
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Company name changed in 2011
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
          INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 103

 Group Network and History of International Business (As of July 1, 2019)
Overseas branches and offices
Overseas subsidiaries and affiliates
Branches and offices of
overseas subsidiaries and affiliates
Underwriting agents for the Head Office and others
Expansion of Non-Life Insurance Business
Business expansion through M&A
Johannesburg
Business initiations through capital investments in local markets
2000 Became the first Japanese non-life insurance company to establish a Lloyd’s syndicate
2000 Began Toyota Retail Business in Germany and France 2012 Established a company in Germany
2015 Invested in Ceylinco Insurance (Sri Lanka)
Mumbai Bangalore
Colombo
Saipan
Tumon (Guam)
Acquired the Asian non-life insurance business of U.K.-based AVIVA
2004
2005 Acquired Taiwan-based Mingtai
2015 Acquired U.K.-based Box Innovation Group
2016 Acquired U.K.-based Amlin
2017 Acquired First Capital (Singapore)
Expansion of Life Insurance Business
Expansion and diversification of international life insurance business
Branches
Offices
Brussels
Gibraltar
Almaty
New Delhi Gurugram
Chennai
Saint Petersburg
Moscow
Dubai Abu Dhabi
2018 Investment in ReAssure (U.K.) Developing business in major countries/regions
1924 1934
U.K. Thailand (Office)*
1956 1957
グルグラム U.K. U.S./
Hong Kong
1958 1962 1966
Singapore/ Malaysia Australia
1969 1970
Indonesia New Zealand
Items not marked with * indicate the year in which a direct insurance license was acquired.
104 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
チェンナイ
Germany
London Derby
Dublin
Oslo
Paris Zurich
Madrid
Milan
Rome
Strassen Istanbul
Amsterdam Copenhagen
2010 Investment in Hong Leong Assurance Berhad (Malaysia) 2011 Investment in Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad (Malaysia) 2011 Investment in PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG (Indonesia) 2012 Investment in Max Life Insurance Company Limited (India) 2017 Investment in Challenger Limited (Australia)
Cologne
Warsaw Ismaning Bratislava
Sydney Melbourne

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
Net Premiums Written and Geographical Dispersion
 Americas 17%
  Americas 24%
  Americas 27%
Europe  27%
¥461.6  Asia billion 56%
¥938.8 billion
Europe 33%
Asia 43%
Asia ¥922.1 41%
billion
Europe 32%
FY2019 (Forecast)
Warren
Toronto
FY2015 (Results)
Yangon
Hanoi Vientiane
São Paulo
Buenos Aires
Honolulu
Plano Dallas
Irapuato
Mexico City
Miami
Panama City Bogota
Bangkok
Kuala Lumpur
Petaling Jaya
Jakarta
1977
Philippines
Auckland
1974
Brazil
2001
China (Shanghai)
2003
India
2005 2010
Cambodia Laos
2015
Myanmar/ South Africa (Office)*
Macau
Hangzhou Guangzhou
Lima
Beijing
FY2018 (Results)
Tianjin
Shanghai Wuxi
Seoul
Suzhou Taipei
Shenzhen
Hong Kong
Manila Phnom Penh
Ho Chi Minh Labuan
Bandar Seri Begawan Singapore
1978 1997 1999
France Vietnam Taiwan
Los Angeles
Detroit
Chicago Cincinnati
Queretaro
New York
Trenton
Dover Atlanta
Hamilton
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 105

  Global Network (As of July 1, 2019)
☆:Overseas Branches ★:Overseas Offices ●:Major Overseas Subsidiaries and Affiliates
△:Major Branches or Offices of Overseas Subsidiaries and Affiliates ■:Underwriting Agents for the Head Office
 ASIA AND OCEANIA
  SINGAPORE
 MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
THAILAND
MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
 MALAYSIA
MSI
 PHILIPPINES
 MSI
INDONESIA
MSI
 REPUBLIC OF KOREA
 MSI
PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
 HONG KONG
MSI
ADI
 MACAU
MSI
  ● Interisk Asia Pte. Ltd.
● MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
● MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd. ● MS First Capital Insurance Limited
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Services Asia Pte. Ltd. ● InterRisk Asia(Thailand)Co., Ltd.
☆ Thailand Branch
● MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited
● MSI Holding(Thailand)Company Limited
● MSIG Service and Adjusting(Thailand)Company Limited ● Calm Sea Service Company Limited
● MBTS Broking Services Company Limited
★ Bangkok Representative Office
● Aioi Bangkok Insurance Public Company Limited ● Bangkok Chayoratn Company, Limited
● Bangkok Chayolife Company, Limited
● MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd.
● MSIG Berhad
● Hong Leong Assurance Berhad
● Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad
● BPI/MS Insurance Corporation ● PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia
● PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG
☆ Korea Branch
● InterRisk Consulting(Shanghai)Co., Ltd.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China)Company Limited
△ Guangdong Branch Shenzhen Marketing Service Department △ Beijing Branch
△ Jiangsu Branch Suzhou Marketing Service Department
△ Shanghai Marketing Division
★ Beijing Representative Office
★ China General Representative Office
★ Guangzhou Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China)Company Limited △ Zhejiang Branch
● Guang Ai Insurance Brokers Ltd.
● MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited
★ Hong Kong Representative Office
△ MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited Macau Branch
                106 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
 TAIWAN
MSI
ADI
 VIETNAM
 MSI
INDIA
MSI
 MYANMAR
 MSI
CAMBODIA
 MSI
LAO PEOPLE’S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
 MSI
AUSTRALIA
MSI
ADI
 NEW ZEALAND
MSI
ADI
 SRI LANKA
MSI
             THE AMERICAS
● MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd. ★ Taipei Representative Office
● MSIG Insurance(Vietnam)Company Limited
△ MSIG Insurance (Vietnam) Company Limited, Ho Chi Minh City Branch
● Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited ● Cholamandalam MS Risk Services Limited
★ New Delhi Representative Office
● Max Life Insurance Company Limited
★ Yangon Representative Office
● Asia Insurance(Cambodia)Plc.
● MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd.
☆ Oceania Branch
★ Oceania Branch Melbourne Office
☆ Australian Branch
★ Sydney Representative Office
★ Melbourne Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd
★ Oceania Branch New Zealand Office ☆ New Zealand Branch
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Management New Zealand Limited ● Ceylinco Insurance PLC
★ New York Representative Office
● MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Marine Management (U.S.A.), Inc. △ New York Office
△ Warren Office
△ Los Angeles Office
△ Cincinnati Office
△ Atlanta Office
△ Chicago Office
△ Detroit Office
△ Dallas Office
● Seven Hills Insurance Agency, LLC
● MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
● MSI GuaranteedWeather, LLC
● Vortex Insurance Agency, LLC
★ New York Representative Office
★ Honolulu Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Services USA Corporation ● Advanced Connectivity, LLC
● Connected Analytic Services, LLC
● Toyota Insurance Management Solutions USA, LLC
● DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited
● DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited
● DTRIC Management Company, Limited
    U.S.A.
MSI
ADI
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 107

   GUAM (U.S.A.)
 ADI
SAIPAN (U.S.A.)
 ADI
CANADA
 MSI
BERMUDA
MSI
 MEXICO
 MSI
PANAMA
 MSI
BRAZIL
MSI
 COLOMBIA
 MSI
PERU
MSI
 ARGENTINA
MSI
 ■ Takagi & Associates, Inc.
■ Takagi & Associates, Inc. Saipan Branch
★ Toronto Representative Office c/o Chubb Insurance Company of Canada ■ Chubb Insurance Company of Canada
● SPAC Insurance(Bermuda)Limited
● MSI GuaranteedWeather Trading Limited ● MS Financial Reinsurance Limited
△ MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc. Mexican Representative Office c/o Mapfre Tepeyac, S.A. ★ Panama Representative Office
● Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited-Escritório de Representação no Brasil Ltda. ★ São Paulo Representative Office
★ Bogotá Representative Office
★ Lima Representative Office
★ Buenos Aires Representative Office
EUROPE, THE MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA
● ReAssure Group plc
★ London Representative Office
● MS Amlin plc
● MS Amlin Corporate Services Limited
● MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
● MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited
△ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited Derby Office ● MSIG Corporate Services (Europe) Limited
● Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP
★ London Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited
● Aioi Nissay Dowa UK Limited
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Management Limited ● Box Innovation Group Limited
● Insure The Box Limited
△ Insure The Box Limited UK Branch
● ITB Services Limited
● ITB Web Limited
● ITB Telematics Solutions LLP
● ITB Premium Finance Limited
● MSIG Insurance Europe AG
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Region Germany
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE German Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE German Branch
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG
             UNITED KINGDOM
MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
 GERMANY
MSI
ADI
      108 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
NETHERLANDS
 MSI
ADI
FRANCE
 MSI
ADI
BELGIUM
MSI
ADI
 LUXEMBOURG
ADI
 SWITZERLAND
 MSI
SPAIN
MSI
ADI
 ITALY
MSI
ADI
 SLOVAKIA
 MSI
RUSSIA
MSI
ADI
 NORWAY
 ADI
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
MSI
 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
 MSI
KAZAKHSTAN
ADI
 DENMARK
 ADI
POLAND
ADI
  △ MSIG Insurance Europe AG The Netherlands Branch
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Netherlands Branch △ MSIG Insurance Europe AG France Branch
★ Paris Representative Office
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE French Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE French Branch
● MS Amlin Insurance SE
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Belgium Branch
△ MSIG Corporate Services (Europe) Limited Belgium Branch
★ Brussels Representative Office
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Belgian Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE Belgian Branch
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE ● Toyota Insurance Management SE
● MS Amlin AG
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Spain Branch
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Spanish Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE Spanish Branch
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Italy Branch
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Italian Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management SE Italian Branch
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Slovakia Branch ★ Moscow Representative Office
★ Saint Petersburg Representative Office
★ Moscow Representative Office
● LLC Toyota Insurance Management Limited (Insurance Brokers) ● LLC Toyota Insurance Management Limited (Insurance Agency)
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Norwegian Branch ★ Dubai Representative Office
★ Abu Dhabi Representative Office
△ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited Johannesburg Representative Office ● Toyota Insurance Management (Insurance Broker) LLP
△ Toyota Insurance Management SE Nordic Branch
△ Toyota Insurance Management SE Polish Branch
                     INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 109

  Credit Ratings
Credit Ratings for Domestic Insurance Companies
This section contains information about credit ratings assigned to the following companies in the Group. (As of July 1, 2019) A+
        Rating Agency
Standard & Poor’s
Moody's
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR)
A.M. Best
Rating Assigned
Financial Strength Rating
Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating
Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating
Insurance Financial Strength Rating
Long-Term Issuer Rating
Issuer Rating
Insurance Claims Paying Ability
Ability to Pay Insurance Claims
Long-Term Issuer Rating
Short-Term Rating (Commercial Paper)
Financial Strength Rating
Issuer Credit Rating
MS&AD Holdings
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
AA (Stable)
ー
ー
ー
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
A+ (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
A-1
A1 (Stable)
A1 (Stable)
AA (Stable)
ー
ー
AA+ (Stable)
J-1+
A+ (Stable)
aa (Stable)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
A+ (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
A-1
A1 (Stable)
ー
AA (Stable)
ー
AA+ (Stable)
AA+ (Stable)
J-1+
A+ (Stable)
aa (Stable)
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
A+ (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
ー
ー
ー
ー
AA (Stable)
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
         (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
ー
ー
ー
ー
AA (Stable)
ー ー ー ー ー
(As of July 1, 2019)
A+ (Stable)1
A+ (Stable)2 A+ (Stable)
A (Stable)
A1(Stable)
A+ (Stable) aa (Stable)
A (Stable) a+ (Stable)
A (Stable) a+ (Stable)
A- (Stable) a- (Stable)
A- (Stable) a- (Stable)
A (Stable) a (Stable)
             Credit Ratings for Overseas Insurance Companies
The table below indicates information about credit ratings of overseas subsidiaries.
Financial Strength Rating
Financial Strength Rating Financial Strength Rating
Financial Strength Rating
InsuranceFinancialStrengthRating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
   Rating Agency
Standard & Poor's
Moody’s
A.M. Best
Syndicate 2001 MS Amlin AG
Overseas Subsidiaries
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co.(Europe), Ltd. MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Ltd.
MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd.
MSIG Insurance Europe AG
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA, Inc.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China)Co., Ltd. MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS Amlin AG
Amlin Insurance SE
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA, Inc.
MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
Syndicate 2001
MS Amlin AG
DTRIC Insurance Company Ltd. DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China)Co., Ltd.
MS First Capital Insurance Limited
Credit Rating
              1. Applicable to the same ratings of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance with the guarantee on insurance/reinsurance policies, issued by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (the issuer of the guarantee, the “Guarantor”). The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee rank pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor. The guarantee is unconditional and covers the subsidiaries' obligations of payment and not collection.
2. Applicable to the same rating of Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance with the guarantee on insurance/reinsurance policies, issued by Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (the issuer of the guarantee, the "Guarantor"). The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee rank pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor. The guarantee is unconditional and covers the subsidiaries' obligations of payment and not collection.
110 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI)
Responsible for the non-life insurance business, which is a core business of the MS&AD Insurance Group, MSI is exercising its comprehensive capabilities to offer insurance and financial services globally.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written
Net loss ratio
Net expense ratio
Combined ratio
Underwriting income
Investment income
Ordinary profit
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated) Number of employees
(¥ billion)
1,541.0
1.9%
60.9%
32.4%
93.3%
76.0
115.0
182.0
136.0
-
-
-
-
-
        Item
FY2014
1,445.8
4.4%
62.2%
31.8%
94.0%
14.0
158.3
171.3
89.1
1,732.7
6,790.0
1,633.7
651.5%
14,859
FY2015
1,507.4
4.3%
58.9%
31.0%
89.9%
19.1
152.8
167.8
113.9
1,527.4
6,786.5
1,251.1
585.9%
14,691
FY2016
1,469.6
(2.5%)
61.2%
31.2%
92.4%
81.7
139.4
215.5
164.5
1,645.0
6,777.0
1,294.0
657.9%
14,650
FY2017
1,500.3
2.1%
61.6%
31.3%
92.9%
84.4
182.5
262.5
198.2
1,877.0
7,098.2
1,419.7
701.1%
14,572
FY2018
1,512.4
0.8%
66.2%
31.5%
97.7%
47.3
185.9
226.4
171.1
1,832.6
6,977.1
1,226.7
723.2%
14,577
FY2019 (Forecast)
                      Notes: 1. Net premiums written, net loss ratio, net expense ratio and combined ratio figures are presented exclusive of Good Result Return premiums of propriety automobile insurance product “ModoRich,” which contains a special clause related to premium adjustment and refund at maturity.
2. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
3. Net expense ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net
premiums written × 100
4. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expense ratio
5. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the
acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
 (¥ billion) 1,550
1,500 1,450 1,400 1,350 1,300
1,500.3 1,469.6
1,512.4
1,541.0
2019 (Forecast)
Other ¥264.8 billion
17.5%
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥178.0 billion
11.8%
Automobile ¥657.0 billion
43.4%
Fire and Allied ¥198.8 billion
13.1%
Marine ¥62.2 billion
4.1%
Personal Accident ¥151.3 billion
10.0%
Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2018)
      (%) 110.0
100.0
90.0
80.0
Combined Ratio
(¥ billion)
300
Ordinary Profit 262.5
Net Income
2016
2017 2018
(FY)
Total ¥1,512.4 billion
   Combined Ratio
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
250 97.7 200 93.3 150
215.5 164.5
198.2
2017
226.4
171.1 182.0
Company Overview
President: Noriyuki Hara
(concurrently serving as representative director and executive officer of MS&AD Holdings)
Date Established: October 1918 
Number of Employees: 14,577 (As of March 31, 2019) Head Office: 9, Kanda-Surugadai 3-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo URL https://www.ms-ins.com/english/
            92.4
2016
92.9
136.0
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
100 50 0
  2017 2018 2019 (FY) (Forecast)
2016
2018
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 111
 
   Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (ADI)
Responsible for the non-life insurance business, which is a core business of the MS&AD Insurance Group, ADI leverages its strong relationships with the Toyota Group and the Nippon Life Group and engages in business based on close relationships with local communities.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written
Net loss ratio
Net expense ratio
Combined ratio
Underwriting income
Investment income
Ordinary profit
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated)
Number of employees
(¥ billion)
1,261.0 2.2% 62.8% 34.2% 97.0% 28.0 39.0 68.0 40.0 - - - - -
        Item
FY2014
1,160.8
1.4%
63.2%
35.0%
98.2%
14.7
51.5
68.9
39.4
796.9
3,470.7
555.8
804.9%
12,973
FY2015
1,192.0
2.7%
59.2%
34.3%
93.5%
24.8
34.9
61.7
31.0
745.1
3,418.5
473.7
829.3%
13,260
FY2016
1,200.5
0.7%
59.1%
33.5%
92.6%
39.5
32.2
75.1
50.3
793.0
3,498.2
505.3
851.6%
13,052
FY2017
1,222.0
1.8%
59.2%
33.4%
92.6%
4.8
(1.9)
3,486.6
5.6
15.6
781.0
578.7
784.0%
13,287
FY2018
1,233.5
0.9%
67.8%
33.8%
101.6%
15.5
43.0
61.3
37.3
735.5
3,410.9
506.3
688.2%
13,657
FY2019 (Forecast)
                      Notes: 1. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
2. Net expenses ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net
premiums written × 100
3. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expense ratio
4. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the
acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
 (¥ billion)
1,250
1,200
1,150
1,100
1,222.0 1,200.5
Other ¥133.2 billion
10.8%
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥159.2 billion
12.9%
Automobile ¥685.0 billion
55.5%
Fire and Allied ¥183.8 billion
14.9%
Marine ¥8.1 billion
0.7%
Personal Accident ¥63.9 billion
5.2%
Net Premiums Written
1,261.0 1,233.5
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2018)
         Total ¥1,233.5 billion
  (%) 110.0
100.0
90.0
80.0
Combined Ratio
(¥ billion)
80
70
Ordinary Profit 75.1
50.3
2016
Net Income
2016
2017
2018
101.6
2018
2019 (Forecast)
(FY)
 Combined Ratio
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
   60 97.0 50
68.0 61.3
40.0
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
   92.6
2016
92.6
2017
40 30 20 10
0
15.6 5.6
2017
37.3
2018
     112
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
Company Overview
President: Yasuzo Kanasugi (concurrently serving as representative director and executive officer of MS&AD Holdings) Date Established: June 1918 
Number of Employees: 13,657 (As of March 31, 2019) Head Office: 28-1, Ebisu 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo URL https://www.aioinissaydowa.co.jp
(Japanese language only)
 
      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd. (Mitsui Direct General)
Mitsui Direct General is a non-life insurance company that specializes in directly selling individual voluntary automobile insurance to customers via the Internet and phone calls.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
              Item
FY2014
35.0
(1.4%)
78.9%
22.8%
101.7%
(4.35)
(4.23)
(4.33)
255.9%
6.8
46.4
572
FY2015
36.5
4.3%
79.0%
21.9%
100.9%
(5.45)
(5.37)
(5.42)
230.4%
6.4
51.0
554
FY2016
37.6
3.0%
75.9%
22.0%
97.9%
(1.00)
(0.95)
(1.00)
13.3
59.9
431.4%
572
FY2017
37.8
0.6%
73.0%
23.3%
96.3%
0.38
0.45
0.32
13.6
61.4
457.5%
571
FY2018
36.6
(3.2%)
76.2%
25.3%
101.5%
0.33
0.38
0.24
13.9
60.9
497.6%
545
FY2019 (Forecast)
  Net premiums written 36.8 Growth rate of net premiums written 0.5% Net loss ratio 75.4% Net expense ratio 25.8% Combined ratio 101.2% Underwriting income 0.12 Ordinary profit 0.18 Net income 0.08 Net assets
Total assets
Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated)
Number of employees
Notes: 1. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
2. Net expenses ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net
        premiums written × 100
3. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expenses ratio
Principal Management Indicators
- - - -
     (¥ billion) 40.0
39.0 38.0 37.0 36.0 35.0 34.0
37.6
2016
37.8
2017
36.6
2018
101.5
2018
36.8
Personal Accident ¥0.08 billion
0.2%
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥0.47 billion
1.3%
Total ¥36.6 billion
Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2018)
  Automobile ¥36.10 billion
98.5%
 (%) 110.0
100.0
90.0
80.0
Combined Ratio
(¥ billion)
1.0
0.5
0
-0.5
-0.9
Net Income (Loss)
Combined Ratio
Ordinary Profit (Loss) / Net Income (Loss) (per share)
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
Company Overview
President: Akio Miyamoto
Date Established: June 1999 
Number of Employees: 545 (As of March 31, 2019) Head Office: 5-3, Kouraku 1-chome, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 
URL https://www.mitsui-direct.co.jp
(Japanese language only)
    97.9
2016
96.3
2017
101.2
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
Ordinary Profit (Loss)
0.4 0.3
2017
0.30.2
2018
0.180.08
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
   -1.0
-1.0
 2016
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 113
 
   Domestic Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI Aioi Life)
MSI Aioi Life is a life insurance company that offers protection-type life insurance products, while leveraging the Group’s marketing network and customer base. The company is realizing a growth model that involves a combination of strategies to utilize unique marketing channels.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Amount of new policies
Amount of policies in force
Annualized premiums of policies in force
Ordinary profit
Core profit
 Risk differential gains/(losses)
 Expenses differential gains/(losses)
 Investment income differential gains/(losses)
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
Embedded value (EEV)
Solvency margin ratio
Number of employees
(¥ billion)
2,834.1
25,055.6
454.5
21.9
-
-
-
-
10.0
-
-
-
927.0
-
-
              Item
FY2014
2,481.1
21,894.0
353.4
15.9
16.1
50.3
(22.7)
1.3
4.4
169.1
3,009.2
132.6
647.8
1,429.9%
2,544
FY2015
2,423.3
22,576.0
375.7
18.6
19.4
51.5
(16.3)
2.0
6.0
199.7
3,229.0
165.2
595.8
1,598.4%
2,554
FY2016
2,377.1
23,214.2
401.0
16.1
18.6
55.8
(14.6)
(0.2)
3,619.1
4.5
276.2
126.3
794.2
1,893.2%
2,595
FY2017
2,639.5
23,806.8
412.3
16.9
12.8
59.9
(15.3)
(2.2)
3,869.7
5.2
264.5
107.5
835.5
1,726.7%
2,609
FY2018
3,114.5
24,533.1
431.5
19.5
15.5
62.7
(13.0)
(4.3)
4,229.6
7.9
275.9
114.0
819.4
1,681.8%
2,602
FY2019 (Forecast)
                 Notes: 1. Amount of new policies, amount of policies in force and annualized premiums of policies in force are the total of individual insurance and individual annuity insurance.
2. Core profit is an insurance business profitability indicator that is calculated by deducting capital gains/(losses) and non-recurring income and losses from ordinary profit.
3. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
Annualized Premiums of Policies in Force
Weight by Type of Sales Channel (FY2018)
 (¥ billion)
450
400
350
300
412.3 401.0
2016 2017
431.5 454.5
2018 2019 (Forecast)
Life Insurance Professionals, Financial Institution Agents, etc.
33.9%
Direct Marketing, etc.
7.5%
Ordinary Profit/Net Income
Cross-Selling Channels (non-life insurance agents)
58.7%
21.9
10.0
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
        (¥ billion) 200
150 100 50 0 -50 -100
198.4
2016
(¥ billion) 25
20 15 10
5 0
Ordinary Profit
Net Income
19.5
Increase in Embedded Value (EEV)
(Refer to the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” on P. 90)
(FY)
       114
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
41.3
2017
7.9 5.2
107.6
16.1
4.5 2016
16.9
 -16.0 2018
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
2017
2018
 Company Overview
President: Hitoshige Tanbo
Date Established: August 1996 Number of Employees: 2,602
(As of March 31, 2019)
Head Office: 27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 
URL https://www.msa-life.co.jp (Japanese language only)
 
      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Company Overview
President: Yasuhiro Nagai
Date Established: September 2001  Number of Employees: 400
(As of March 31, 2019)
Head Office: Yaesu First Financial Building, 3-7, Yaesu 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.ms-primary.com (Japanese language only)
Data Section
 Domestic Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI Primary Life)
Specializing in over-the-counter sales via financial institutions, MSI Primary Life is a life insurance company that offers asset-building-type and asset-inheritance-type products centered on individual annuity insurance and whole life insurance.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
              Item
FY2014
1,054.0
1,024.7
4,421.0
17.7
(33.4)
24.4
12.4
109.8
4,662.0
15.4
310.2
879.7%
363
FY2015
1,299.4
1,262.6
4,910.8
39.9
14.3
41.9
17.8
125.0
5,191.2
14.6
333.8
985.5%
381
FY2016
1,071.1
1,032.2
5,680.7
1,030.5%
57.6
52.7
58.9
20.7
137.7
5,838.0
10.4
375.3
384
FY2017
1,015.6
1,015.6
6,061.8
28.9
8.8
30.0
29.2
164.0
6,201.7
11.3
416.2
992.9%
394
FY2018
1,095.6
1,118.2
6,678.5
35.5
(12.3)
44.2
23.3
195.3
6,885.3
27.3
436.1
825.4%
400
FY2019 (Forecast)
  Premiums income 1,003.0
Amount of new policies 1,122.7
Amount of policies in force 7,278.0
Ordinary profit 27.8
Core profit/(loss) -
Core profit + Capital gains -
Net income 17.0
Net assets -
Total assets -
         Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
-
 Embedded value (EEV) -
Solvency margin ratio -
Number of employees -
Notes: 1. The amount of new policies and amount of policies in force are the totals of individual insurance and individual annuity insurance.
2. Core profit is an insurance business profitability indicator that is calculated by deducting capital gains/(losses) and non-recurring income and losses from
ordinary profit. In this business, the sum of core profit and capital gains (losses) provides a more appropriate indicator of actual profit for the period. As for MSI Primary Life, the sum of core profit and capital gains(losses) provides a more appropriate indicator of actual profit for the period instead of core profit (loss). Meanwhile, the method for disclosing the breakdown of ordinary profit was revised effective from FY2017. As a result of retroactive adjustments to FY2016 data, core profit (fundamental profit) for FY2016 has been revised.
3. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represent the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
   Principal Management Indicators
 (¥ billion)
Fixed
Variable 1,015.6
2017
Premiums Income
Weight by Type of Sales Channel (FY2018)
 1,200 1,071.1 1,000
1,095.6
2018
1,003.0
2019 (Forecast)
7,278.0
Japan Post Bank, Securities Firms, etc.
15%
Mega Banks, Trust Banks, etc.
39%
Ordinary Profit/Net Income
   800
600
400
200
0
Regional Banks, Banks
46%
27.8 17.0
2019 (FY) (Forecast)
   2016
(FY)
 Amount of Policies in Force
(¥ billion) 8,000
7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
Fixed
5,680.7
Variable
6,061.8
(¥ billion)
   60
   50
   40
   30
   20
   10
Ordinary Profit 57.6
Net Income
6,678.5
            00 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
(Forecast)
20.7
2016
28.9 29.2
2017
35.5 23.3
2018
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 115
 Shinkin

   International Business
MS Amlin plc
MS Amlin is an insurance holding company that comprises three core businesses̶Lloyd’s, Reinsurance and European Primary Insurance. The company is a leading insurer that provides both insurance and reinsurance services around the world.
 Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Net premiums written 2,846
EI expense ratio
Combined ratio
Underwriting income/ (loss)
(£ million)
         Item
FY2016
3,093
-
FY2017
2,955
(4.5%)
FY2018
3,050
3.2%
FY2019 (Forecast)
Principal Indicators
  Growth rate of net premiums written
Net Premiums Written and Combined Ratio
Net Premiums Written (left axis) Combined Ratio(%)(right axis) NPW of former MSI Lloyd's & Reinsurance business
(6.7%) EI claims ratio -
(%) 150
2,846 140
130
120
110
100
90
80 2019 (FY)
 (£ million) - 3,500
- 3,000
- 2,500 2,392
3,093 2,955
3,050
2018
  439 2,654
96*
2016 2017
133
      Investment income -
Net income 43
Notes: 1. Figures are based on a local reporting basis since FY2018.
2. Figures for FY2016 include figures for MSI’s Lloyd’s and Reinsurance
2,000 1,500 1,000
106
  businesses that were consolidated into MS Amlin at the end of FY2016. 500 3. EI expense ratio and EI combined ratio are calculated by taking into
account foreign exchange gains/losses (included in underwriting profit) 0
89
 in accordance with calculation in the UK. 2015 4. MS Amlin adopts the accounting method where securities market value
fluctuations are reflected in the profit-loss statement.
Gross Premiums Written by Product Line
(Forecast)
*After consolidation of MSI’s Lloyd’s and Reinsurance businesses into MS Amlin
Casualty and Other
31%
Motor Insurance
13%
Marine & Aviation Insurance
17%
Property Insurance
39%
Others
UK
Gross Premiums Written by Geography
  19%     24%
 FY2018 Gross Premiums Written for
£3,651 million
North America
31%
FY2018 Gross Premiums Written for
£3,651 Europe
26%
 million
  Origin and History
2013
Acquisition of J R Clare and Lead Yacht Underwriters 2011
Acquisition of Fortis Corporate Insurance and Crowe Livestock
2016 2015
Integration of MSI Lloyd's business and Reinsurance business
2016
Acquisition by MSI MS Amlin plc.
2016
Formation of Office in Hong Kong
     2015
Acquisition of ReatsMarine
2014 2013
2014
Formation of Offices in Miami, Dubai and Shanghai
     2012 2011
2012
 Formation of Amlin Reinsurance Managers Inc. in the USA
   2010 2009
2010
   2009
Formation of Amlin Singapore 2007
Merger of Angerstein Underwriting Trust PLC and
2008 2007
2005 1998
1993
Acquisition of AUA Insolvency Risk Services Formation of Amlin Re Europe in Switzerland
2008
Acquisition of Anglo French Underwriters
       Murray Lawrence Ltd
1998
Amlin plc.
2005
Formation of Amlin Bermuda
  1903
Foundation of the K J Coles Syndicate 40 (former Murray Lawrence Ltd’s syndicate)
1903
Formation of Angerstein Underwriting Trust PLC
1993
   116 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
64%
32%
96%
97%
36%
133%
(965)
71%
35%
106%
  107
 117
83
195
(759)
(174)
54
(94)
Company Overview
CEO: Simon Beale
(concurrently serving as Executive Officer of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance)
Date Established: September 17, 1993
Number of Employees: 1,864 (As of March 31, 2019) Head Office: The Leadenhall Building,
122 Leadenhall Street, London EC3V 4AG, U.K.
URL https://www.msamlin.com
 
      CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
 International Business
MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte., Ltd.
As an overseas regional holding company, this company supervises our non-life insurance business in the ASEAN, Hong Kong and Oceania regions. As the only non-life insurance group with direct business in all ASEAN countries, we are making use of our solid business base to create further growth and expand locally rooted businesses.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)*
         Item
FY2013
111.0
30.0%
14.8
FY2014
116.9
5.3%
17.9
FY2015
121.7
4.1%
13.8
FY2016
109.3
(10.2%)
14.1
FY2017
113.1
3.5%
6.2
FY2018
132.3
16.9%
25.2
FY2019 (Forecast)
         Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written Net income
Principal Management Indicators*
Net Premiums Written and Net income
(¥ billion)
131.8 (0.4%) 14.3
Gross Written Premiums by Product Line
Company Overview
CEO:Alan Wilson (concurrently serving as Executive Officer of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance)
Date Established: September 23, 2004 
Number of Employees*: 4,718 (As of March 31, 2019) *Total number of employees in local subsidiaries under the
supervision of MSIG Holdings (Asia), the Thai branch, the Oceania branch and the Yangon office of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Head Office: 4 Shenton Way, #27-01 SGX Centre 2, Singapore 068807 
URL https://www.msig-asia.com
     (¥ billion)
160 120 80 40
Net Premiums Written (left axis)
Net Income (right axis)(¥ billion) 40
  132.3
131.8
14.3
Others
28.4%
 121.7
13.8
109.3
14.1
113.1
6.2
25.2
30 20
Automobile
28.1%
Property
32.4%
       00
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) (Forecast)
Marine 10 11.1%
FY2018
 Notes: Total premiums written for local subsidiaries under the supervision of MSIG Holdings (Asia) and other branches and offices of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance in the region. Data includes the Oceania Branch, which came under the supervision of MSIG Holdings (Asia) from FY2016.
The 2018 forecast includes the figures of MS First Capital.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 117
 
   Short Commentary: Group Financial Statements
Commentary 1: Balance Sheet (B/S)
On its consolidated balance sheet (P. 132), the Group has total assets of ¥23.1 trillion, and the majority of its liabilities, ¥17.6 trillion, are policy liabilities̶that is, reserves for paying future insurance claims. On the other hand, the largest asset item is investments in securities, which have a total market value of ¥16.0 trillion. Unrealized gains on securities in excess of the book value (¥1.2 trillion) are recorded under deferred tax liabilities and accumulated other comprehensive income (net unrealized gains/losses on investments in securities). This means that policy liabilities, which account for the majority of the Group’s balance sheet liabilities, are invested in securities. In addition, net unrealized gains on investment in securities (after tax-effect accounting) accounted for about half of net assets as of the end of FY2018.
     (Main) assets
  Cash, deposits and savings Money trusts
Investments in securities (of which: stocks)
Loans
Tangible fixed assets Intangible fixed assets Other assets
Commentary 2: Statements of Income (P/L)
1Main components of the statements of income
(¥ billion)
659.0 1,490.8 146.8 20,354.4
1,583.0 2,778.0
             Total assets
   A summary of the Group’s consolidated statements of income (P. 134) is provided below. It consists primarily of underwriting income and expenses and investment income and expenses.
  FY2018
FY2017
Income (+): underwriting income, ¥4,918.6 billion; investment income, ¥561.1 billion; other ordinary income, ¥20.6 billion
Expenses (-): underwriting expenses, ¥4,406.8 billion (of which ¥700.5 billion is provision for underwriting reserves)
Investment expenses, ¥104.8 billion; operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, ¥680.9 billion; other ordinary expenses, ¥17.0 billion Ordinary profit: ¥290.8 billion
Income (+): underwriting income, ¥4,648.1 billion; investment income, ¥550.8 billion; other ordinary income, ¥18.8 billion
Expenses (-): underwriting expenses, ¥4,157.7 billion (of which ¥558.5 billion is provision for underwriting reserves)
Investment expenses, ¥163.1 billion; operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, ¥669.6 billion; other ordinary expenses, ¥15.6 billion Ordinary profit: ¥211.5 billion
   2Underwriting profit for domestic non-life insurance companies and catastrophe reserves
Underwriting profit can be dramatically affected by events such as natural catastrophes. Non-life insurance companies are legally required to build up catastrophe reserves to mitigate that impact. When companies have to pay extremely large insurance claims, they can reverse the catastrophe reserves, which mitigates the impact to a certain degree. The following table indicates past underwriting profit, incurred losses related to natural catastrophes and changes in catastrophe reserves (net provision). (See P. 90 of the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” for details on catastrophe reserves and P. 94 for underwriting profit.)
Impact of natural catastrophes on underwriting profit
(¥ billion)
62.8 (1,60.8) 240.7 - - -
 -
183.7
56.9 (79.8)
          Underwriting profit/(loss)
Impact on underwriting profit -(A+B)
FY2010
(83.7)
(65.9)
FY2011
(190.0)
(172.0)
1,544.4
903.0
463.3
545.4
1,454.8
23,132.5
FY2012
(3.0)
(13.2)
(Main) liabilities
 1,474.3
Policy liabilities
Bonds issued
Deferred tax liabilities
Total liabilities
(Main) Net assets
Shareholders’equity
Net unrealized gains/losses on investments in securities
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
FY2013
(36.1)
(93.3)
FY2014
28.7
(58.5)
FY2015
43.9
FY2016
 121.3
FY2017
89.3
17,637.7
 16,061.8
2,594.3
Other liabilities
 1,273.8
23,132.5
FY2018
   (149.7)
(132.9)
(159.0)
  Incurred losses due to natural catastrophes (A)
27.2
68.1
51.0
  Great East Japan Earthquake
 2011 Thailand floods
65.9
62.7
311.5
(7.7)
55.1
1.3
96.3
-
-
-
-
114.3
-
  -
264.3
0.6
(23.0)
(5.1)
-
-
-
  2014 massive snowfalls
 -
  -
 -
 -
 -
 -
82.1
 -
  -
2.2
 -
 -
0.3
 -
 -
 -
-
41.3
-
 Large-scale natural catastrophes incl. 2017 hurricanes in North America
 -
 July heavy rain, Typhoon No. 21, No. 24 in 2018
 -
 -
 54.9
 -
53.2
37.1
30.1
67.7
51.0
 -
 Other natural catastrophes
 Net provision for catastrophe reserves (B)
3.2
0
(139.5)
(41.9)
(3.0)
31.3
81.6
81.8
73.0
 44.6
  * Simple sum of MSI and ADI
Example: The impact of loss of ¥311.5 billion from natural catastrophes for FY2011 was mitigated by the reversal of catastrophe reserves of ¥139.5 billion and resulted in an underwriting loss of ¥190.0 billion.
118 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   Performance Record
  Five-Year Summary (Unaudited) 120 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 121
Premiums Written and Net Claims Paid̶ Non-Life Insurance (Unaudited)
Policies in Force and New Policies̶ 130 Domestic Life Insurance (Unaudited)
Investment Assets and Investments 131 in Securities (Unaudited)
Consolidated Balance Sheets 132 Consolidated Statements of Income 134
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
135
136
128
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 139 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 140
Independent Auditor’s Report
Summary of Business Results of Main Consolidated Subsidiaries
161
162
                                                          INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 119

Five-Year Summary (Unaudited)
 Yen in millions FY2016 ¥ 5,335,239 3,407,389 352,612
210,447
114,294 2,734,432 21,234,300
Yen
¥ 350.94
350.90 4,572.82
12.76% 7.78% 10.09
Yen in millions
¥ 1,086,948 (614,899) (100,198)
US$ in millions
  FY2018
¥ 5,500,438
3,497,572
290,847
192,705
(79,701)
2,778,047
23,132,539
 FY2018
 $ 49,553
31,510
2,620
1,736
(718)
25,027
208,401
      Ordinary income:
Net premiums written
Ordinary profit/(loss)
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Comprehensive income/(loss) Net assets
Total assets
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share - Basic
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share - Diluted
Net assets per share
Equity ratio
Return on equity Price earnings ratio
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
FY2014 ¥ 4,689,658 2,939,113 287,061
136,247
807,972 3,036,663 18,788,046
FY2015 ¥ 5,013,038 3,078,732 291,578
181,516 (233,116)
2,725,274 20,303,649
FY2017 ¥ 5,217,835 3,440,976 211,548
154,057
311,096 2,968,387 22,472,927
¥ 260.04
259.98 4,964.64
13.09% 5.45% 12.90
¥ 822,640 (963,105)
42,329 1,323,506
  US$
  ¥ 328.72
328.60
4,712.11
11.89%
6.77%
10.25
 $ 2.96
2.96
42.45
–
–
–
 ¥ 221.34 ¥ 298.72 – –
4,911.40
16.00% 5.18% 15.23
¥ 628,184 (410,671) (58,941)
805,455
4,469.58
13.29% 6.36% 10.50
¥ 1,291,017 (1,217,980)
199,075 1,056,407
US$ in millions
    ¥ 776,724
(252,417)
(33,337)
1,798,526
41,467
 $ 6,998
(2,274)
(300)
16,203
–
 38,358
Note: U.S. dollar amounts in this report have been translated from yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥111=US$1. For details, see Note 1 of Significant Accounting Policies (p. 140).
Number of employees
40,617
41,295
1,415,903 40,641
  120 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 1. OVERVIEW
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) provides information on the nature of the businesses conducted by MS&AD Holdings and its affiliates (186 subsidiaries and 37 associates as of March 31, 2019), and the positioning of the principal affiliates within these businesses.
MS&AD is a specified listed company pursuant to the provisions stipulated in the Japanese Cabinet Order 49-2 and is regulated under this Order with respect to securities transactions and other matters. As a result, investors should make decisions based on the Group’s consolidated financial statements as provided for under the minimal standards criteria
of material facts set forth in restrictions on insider trading.
Description of Businesses
1) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
MS&AD’s domestic non-life insurance business is operated by the following three subsidiaries and others in Japan:
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Company, Limited (“Mitsui Direct General”)
2) Domestic Life Insurance Business
MS&AD’s domestic life insurance business is operated by the following two subsidiaries and others in Japan:
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSA Life”) Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSP Life”)
3) International Business
MS&AD’s international business is operated by international divisions of domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries in Japan, and overseas subsidiaries, including MS Amlin plc, and overseas branches of domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries in overseas countries.
4) Financial Services Business / Risk-Related Services Business
a) Financial Services Business
MS&AD’s financial services business, including asset management,
financial guarantees, 401k, ART (alternative risk transfer), personal finance, and venture capital finance, is operated by domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries, Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Venture Capital Company, Limited, and others.
b) Risk-Related Services Business
MS&AD’s risk-related services business, including risk management
and the nursing care business, is operated by MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc., Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Care Network Company, Limited, and others.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
MS&AD Holdings’ consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (Japan GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires MS&AD Holdings’ management to select and apply accounting policies as well as to make a number of estimates regarding the impact on disclosure of assets and liabilities as well as revenues and expenses. The management bases their estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that they consider reasonable. Nevertheless, these estimates contain inherent uncertainties and thus could differ from actual results.
Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of MS&AD Holdings’ consolidated financial statements are presented in “SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES” of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”
The management recognizes the following significant accounting policies and estimates could have significant impacts on the consolidated financial statements.
1) Method for Determination of Fair Value
Certain assets and liabilities are recorded on the Company’s balance sheet at their fair values. These fair values are determined based on market prices. For certain derivatives for which market prices are not available, reasonable estimates of fair value are made based on the present value of future cash flows, the price of the underlying assets, the contract period, and other factors.
2) Impairment of Securities
Since securities held by the Group companies are subject to the risk of price fluctuations in securities markets, MS&AD applies impairment accounting for securities based on reasonable criteria. If securities markets decline, an impairment loss could be incurred.
3) Impairment of Fixed Assets
When the profitability of fixed assets declines and investments in these assets are unlikely to be recovered, MS&AD recognizes impairment losses to reflect recoverable amounts under certain circumstances.
The recoverable amount for an asset or asset group is the higher of the net sales value (the value computed by deducting expected disposal expenses from the fair value of an asset or asset group) and the value in use (the present value of expected future cash flows resulting from the continual usage and subsequent disposal of an asset or asset group).
Accordingly, the amount of the impairment loss for fixed assets depends on estimated future cash flows based on the assumption and forecasts that MS&AD considers reasonable. Consequently, an additional impairment loss could be incurred in the event of a change in the usage of fixed assets or in the event of changes in real estate or leasing market prices.
4) Deferred Tax Assets
In determining recoverable deferred tax assets, future taxable income is estimated based on the assumptions and forecasts that MS&AD considers reasonable. Since the recoverable amount of deferred tax assets depends on estimates of future taxable income, the amount of deferred tax assets could fluctuate in the event of a subsequent change in estimates of future taxable income.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 121

  5) Allowance for Credit Losses
In preparation for losses on bad debts, MS&AD records estimated amounts deemed to be unrecoverable as an allowance for credit losses. Unrecoverable amounts and recorded allowances for credit losses could change from their initial estimates due to changes in the financial condition of debtors.
6) Outstanding Claims
MS&AD estimates and sets aside reserves as outstanding claims for any unpaid amounts of its payment obligations as determined or recognized by insurance contracts. Claim payments and recorded outstanding claims could change from their initial estimates due to such factors as the results of legal judgments and exchange rate fluctuations.
7) Underwriting Reserves
To meet future obligations in accordance with insurance contracts, MS&AD sets aside underwriting reserves. It could, therefore, become necessary to increase underwriting reserves in the event of unforeseen losses due to significant changes in the business environment, operating conditions and other factors.
8) Retirement Benefit Expenses and Retirement Benefit Obligations
Retirement benefit expenses and retirement benefit obligations are calculated based on certain assumptions that include discount rates, future retirement rates, and mortality rates. However, future retirement benefit expenses and obligations could change in the event that actual results differ from the assumptions used, or in the event that it becomes necessary to change the assumptions.
3. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS RESULTS
During the fiscal year under review, although the global economy continued on a solid growth trend supported by the strong US economy, uncertainty increased due to factors such as US-China trade friction, a slower economy in China and emerging countries, and unclear political situations in Europe.
The Japanese economy saw moderate recovery, reflecting continued high levels of corporate earnings and increases in capital expenditure as well as steady improvement of the employment environment, despite being hit by successive natural disasters.
The MS&AD Insurance Group (“the Group”) launched the new Medium-Term Management Plan “Vision 2021” with goals of becoming
“a world-leading insurance and financial services group” and creating resilient* systems that can swiftly respond to any change in a rapidly changing environment. For achieving these goals, the Company has
been making efforts for the three key strategies of “Pursue Group’s comprehensive strengths,” “Promote digitalization,” and “Reform portfolio” under the fundamental strategy of “By employing the Group’s resources to the maximum, we will realize sustainable growth and enhance corporate value,” “We will pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths, one of which is diversity, and meet the expectations of customers and other stakeholders,” and “We will respond flexibly to changes in the environment and further improve quality and productivity.”
Pursue Group’s comprehensive strengths
Promote digitalization
Reform portfolio
We made efforts for realizing higher efficiency and quality by promoting standardization and sharing of products, services, administration, systems, etc., for strengthening competitiveness by utilizing group synergies and strengthened profitability on a Group basis such as creation of an optimal asset management structure of the Group.
For the purpose of increasing productivity and “enhancing the value of customers’ actual experiences,” we utilized digital technologies, cooperated with external organizations, etc., including in industry, government, and academia sectors and made investments in startups through a corporate venture capital (CVC) established in Silicon Valley, the US, and thus made efforts for reform of our business model, leveraging these technologies and expertise.
We made efforts to reform our business portfolio with diversified geography and businesses, strengthening and expanding
the international business and domestic life insurance business in addition to the domestic non-life insurance business, and also reformed our risk portfolio by reducing strategic equity holdings and strengthening risk management for natural catastrophe risks on a Group basis.
     122 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
In the fiscal year under review, as extensive disasters such as typhoons and earthquakes successively occurred, we made efforts to pay insurance claims promptly to customers by deploying more personnel at call centers and disaster countermeasures offices and making the marketing & sales division, the head office division, and group companies work together with the claims services division while using ICT such as drones (unmanned helicopters) and video chat (teleconferences).
Also, we promoted diversity and inclusion for respecting different values regardless of nationality, gender, age, and experience and arranged an environment where diversified human assets can play active roles.
* Resilient: Having the power to adapt flexibly and skillfully, reduce impact
and recover quickly from changing circumstances and unexpected events.
As a result of these efforts, earnings for the current consolidated fiscal year to date are as follows.
Underwriting income was ¥4,918.6 billion, investment income was ¥561.1 billion and other ordinary income was ¥20.6 billion, resulting in total ordinary income of ¥5,500.4 billion. At the same time, ordinary expenses amounted to ¥5,209.5 billion, including ¥4,406.8 billion in underwriting expenses, ¥104.8 billion in investment expenses, ¥680.9 billion in operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, and other ordinary expenses amounting to ¥17.0 billion.
As a result, the Company posted an ordinary profit of ¥290.8 billion, an increase of ¥79.2 billion over the previous fiscal year. After factoring in extraordinary income and losses, income taxes and other items, net income rose by ¥38.6 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥192.7 billion.

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
¥ 677,543
184,578
321,651
1,550,037
346,258
681,779
¥3,761,848
80,235
FY2018
4.9
8.6
41.2
9.2
18.1
100.0
2.1
9.5
0.3
0.3
0.8
6.0
3.1
Data Section
FY2018
¥3,497,572
1,286,864
290,847
192,705
Amount
¥ 558,427
152,333
261,273
1,593,578
337,844
594,114
¥3,497,572
Amount
¥ 526,294
83,445
110,904
872,529
247,757
291,224
¥2,132,155
FY2018
 FY2018
Share (%)
16.0
4.3
7.5
45.6
9.6
17.0
100.0
5.2
40.9
11.6
13.7
100.0
Change (%)
0.9
7.0
8.7
0.4
5.0
1.6
 Share (%)
24.7
3.9
Change (%)
39.1
1.4
4.4
3.6
6.4
10.2
 Amount
Share (%)
18.0
Change (%)
8.1
[Key Consolidated Financial Indicators]
Net Premiums Written
Lines of Insurance
Net premiums written
Life insurance premiums
Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
FY2017 ¥3,440,976 1,058,278 211,548
154,057
Change ¥ 56,595 228,585 79,298
38,647
FY2017
Share Amount (%)
Change (%)
2.3 (2.3) 1.1 1.7
Net premiums written increased, driven by growth in fire insurance and “other” insurance such as liability insurance in the domestic non-life insurance business. In international business, the consolidation of MS First Capital Insurance Limited and the operations of MS Amlin (MS Amlin plc and its subsidiaries; “MS Amlin”) contributed to increased revenues. Net premiums written increased by ¥56.5 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥3,497.5 billion.
Life insurance premiums climbed by ¥228.5 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,286.8 billion, owing to the growth in revenues at Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Ordinary profit grew robustly despite a year of tumultuous natural disasters. The domestic non-life insurance business suffered an increase in incurred losses (the total of net claims paid and provision for outstanding claims reserves) in relation to a series of major natural catastrophes, including Typhoon Jebi in August 2018. However, the Company reversed catastrophe reserves as progress in paying insurance claims unfolded, while incurred losses from natural catastrophes declined in international business. Ordinary profit expanded by ¥79.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥290.8 billion. After factoring in extraordinary income and losses, income taxes and other items, net income attributable to owners of the parent increased by ¥38.6 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥192.7 billion.
Direct Premiums Written (including Deposit Premiums from Policyholders) (Yen in millions)
Compulsory Automobile Liability
(1.1) (4.0) (0.2)
1.0
(Yen in millions) Change (%) 1.6 21.6 37.5
25.1
(Yen in millions)
  Fire and Allied
Marine 142,339 4.1
¥
240,450 7.0 1,587,008 46.1
352,063 10.2 Other 565,931 16.5 Total ¥3,440,976 100.0
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
553,183 16.1
  Note: The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
Net Claims Paid
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
Other
(Yen in millions)
 ¥
FY2017
Share Amount (%)
378,241 19.5 82,302 4.3 106,233 5.5 841,807 43.5
252,990 13.1
273,589 14.1
Change (%)
27.0 (15.1)
(1.6) 5.4
 343,370 9.4 (6.3) Other 643,233 17.6 1.6
Total ¥1,935,165 100.0
(2.1) (2.1) 0.6
5.6
  FY2017
Share Change Amount (%) (%)
Fire and Allied
Marine 168,602 4.6 (0.1)
Note: The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between
segments.
Recognition, analysis, and reviewed contents for financial performance and operating results by segment are as follows.
1) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (MSI)
Net premiums written climbed by ¥15.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,509.6 billion, primarily because of the increase in “other” insurance such as liability insurance revenue.
On the other hand, net claims paid were up by ¥74.5 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥910.9 billion, primarily because of an increase in payment of fire insurance claims due to natural disasters in Japan. The net loss ratio was 66.3%, which was 4.5 percentage points higher than in the previous fiscal year. The net expenses ratio came in at 31.6%, which was 0.1 of a percentage point higher than in the previous fiscal year.
After taking into account other items, including deposit premiums from policyholders, maturity refunds to policyholders, provision for outstanding claims, and reversal of underwriting reserves, underwriting profit fell by ¥37.1 billion, to ¥47.3 billion.
Accounting for such factors as the increase in interest and dividends income by ¥8.8 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥113.9 billion, total investment income after deducting investment gains appropriated to such items as maturity funds of savings-type insurance grew by ¥6.9 billion, to ¥206.8 billion. Meanwhile, total investment expenses climbed by ¥3.2 billion, to ¥12.6 billion owing mainly to the upswing in impairment losses on securities over the previous fiscal year.
As a result, ordinary profit decreased by ¥36.0 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥226.4 billion and net income declined by ¥27.1 billion, to ¥171.1 billion.
Lines of Insurance
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
320,764 8.8 (0.1) 1,546,108 42.4 1.4
¥ 627,029 17.2 4.1
 Total ¥3,649,108 100.0 0.9 Deposit premiums
from policyholders
86,371 2.4 (12.4)
(7.1)
 Notes:
1. The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between
segments.
2. Direct premiums written (including deposit premiums from policyholders) are the premiums
from policyholders minus the surrender benefits and other refunds to policyholders. (Includes deposit premiums from policyholders for savings-type insurance.)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 123

2) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (ADI)
Net premiums written climbed by ¥11.5 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,233.5 billion, primarily because of the increase in fire insurance revenue.
On the other hand, net claims paid were up by ¥109.8 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥770.5 billion, primarily because of an increase in payment of fire insurance claims due to natural disasters. The net loss ratio was 67.8%, which was 8.6 percentage points higher than in the previous fiscal year. In addition, as a result of increases in commissions and collection expenses as well as operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting, the net expense ratio was 33.8%, 0.4 percentage points higher than in the previous fiscal year.
After taking into account other items, including deposit premiums from policyholders, maturity refunds to policyholders, provision for outstanding claims, and reversal of underwriting reserves, underwriting profit rose by ¥10.7 billion, to ¥15.5 billion, primarily due to an increase in reversals for catastrophe reserves.
Accounting for such factors as the decrease in interest and dividends income by ¥2.3 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥56.1 billion, and the increase in gains on sales of securities by ¥3.6 billion, to ¥22.3 billion, total investment income after deducting investment gains appropriated to such items as maturity funds of savings-type insurance grew by ¥1.2 billion, to ¥62.2 billion. Meanwhile, total investment expenses fell by ¥43.9 billion, to ¥13.8 billion owing mainly to the downturn in impairment losses on securities by ¥46.9 billion over the previous fiscal year.
As a result, ordinary profit increased by ¥55.7 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥61.3 billion and net income climbed by ¥21.6 billion, to ¥37.3 billion.
3) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (Mitsui Direct General)
Net premiums written decreased by ¥1.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥36.6 billion.
Meanwhile, net claims paid rose by ¥0.3 billion, to ¥25.1 billion. The net loss ratio was 76.2%, which was 3.2 of percentage points higher than in the previous fiscal year.
In addition, commissions and collection expenses as well as underwriting-related operating expenses and general and administrative expenses rose by ¥0.4 billion, to ¥9.2 billion. As a result, the net expenses ratio came to 25.3%, which was 0.2 of percentage points higher than in the previous fiscal year.
Underwriting profit was ¥0.3 billion and net income was ¥0.2 billion, both of which were at the same level as the previous fiscal year. Also, after taking ownership interests into account, net income for the fiscal year under review was ¥0.2 billion, which was at the same level as the previous fiscal year.
4) Domestic Life Insurance Business (MSI Aioi Life)
Insurance premium and others rose by ¥26.4 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥520.1 billion, mainly due to an increase in individual insurance premiums.
Ordinary profit climbed by ¥2.5 billion, to ¥19.5 billion, primarily because of the decrease in provision for underwriting reserves and others.
Net income climbed by ¥2.6 billion, to ¥7.9 billion.
5) Domestic Life Insurance Business (MSI Primary Life)
Insurance premium and others increased by ¥70.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,129.7 billion. This was mainly attributable to the increase in insurance premiums for foreign currency-fixed annuities.
Ordinary profit increased by ¥6.6 billion, to ¥35.5 billion, primarily due to steady increase in interest and dividends income and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates.
Net income decreased by ¥5.9 billion, to ¥23.3 billion, owing primarily to the provision of the reserve for price fluctuation of ¥3.5 billion.
6) International Business (Overseas Insurance Subsidiaries)
Net premiums written increased by ¥32.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥714.6 billion, primarily because of consolidated accounting for MS First Capital Insurance Limited and increased revenues at MS Amlin.
Affected by increased profit at MS Amlin due primarily to decreased incurred losses as the result of decreased overseas natural catastrophes, and by consolidated accounting for MS First Capital Insurance Limited, this segment posted ordinary profit of ¥22.6 billion, an increase of ¥127.0 billion over the previous fiscal year. After taking ownership interests into account, net income for the fiscal year under review increased by ¥124.0 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥19.3 billion.
4. CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
With regard to cash flows in the fiscal year under review, net cash flows from operating activities decreased by ¥45.9 billion over the previous year to ¥776.7 billion, mainly due to an increase in claims payments. Net cash flows from investing activities increased by ¥710.6 billion from the previous year, mainly due to an increase in gains on sales and redemption of securities, to ¥(252.4) billion. In addition, net cash flows from financing activities were ¥(33.3) billion, a decrease of ¥75.6 billion over the previous year, which mainly reflected an increase in the repurchase of treasury stock. As a result, the balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year under review stood at ¥1,798.5 billion, an increase of ¥475.0 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year. In regard to the liquidity of funds, the MS&AD Group maintains sufficient liquid assets in preparation for any deterioration in its cash position due to factors such as the outflow of funds arising from the payment of insurance claims or disruptions in markets. It also evaluates liquidity in terms of both assets and liabilities based on trends regarding the inflow and outflow of funds, and conducts appropriate cash management.
5. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND ISSUES TO BE ADDRESSED FROM THE BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL PERSPECTIVES
Uncertainty continued to linger in the domestic and global economic pictures during the fiscal year under review. In the global economy, while the Company expects measured growth to continue overall, the policies of individual countries and growing trade frictions raise the concern of an economic slowdown. For its part, the Japanese economy will continue to enjoy an improving environment for employment and personal income, driving modest growth focused on domestic demand. However, a coming hike in the consumption-tax rate and economic trends overseas make prospects unclear. Conditions will continue to argue for a cautious outlook.
The insurance industry will face a number of challenges. Amid the continuing trend of globalization, industries will restructure and consumer trends will change as digital technologies advance. As the risk of natural calamities intensifies as a result of climate change, risk management will grow increasingly sophisticated, and businesses will come under increasing pressure to contribute to the achievement of a sustainable society through insurance products and services.
In responding to these challenges, the Group is guided by the “Vision 2021” Medium-Term Management Plan. The Group is striving to become “a world-leading insurance and financial services group,” possessing sufficient scale and quality to underwrite and pay claims on a diverse spectrum
of insurance risks. We are also building a resilient organization that can respond smartly to society’s needs, as risks become larger and more complex and the structure of society changes. As a Group that encompasses three non-life insurance companies, two life insurance companies and numerous subsidiaries and affiliates throughout Japan
and around the world, the MS&AD Insurance Group is marshalling these comprehensive strengths to improve quality and reduce cost still further, pursuing a Group business model of overall optimization of both growth
124 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
and efficiency. We are also reinforcing our capabilities in corporate governance, considering ESG and sustainability across the full range of Group operations, and striving to create shared value (CSV) with society. To ensure a motivated and rewarding work environment for the diverse personnel
who support those operations, the Group is moving resolutely to promote diversity and inclusion, deploying this talented workforce to fullest effect.
6. RISK ANALYSIS
Details of certain risks related to the Group’s business performance and financial condition that may potentially have a significant influence on investor decisions are presented as follows.
(i) Asset management risk
The Group holds various assets under management, including securities, loans, real estate, and off-balance-sheet assets. There is a risk that a deterioration of economic or financial market conditions could cause changes in asset and liability values and thereby impact the Group’s business results. The main kinds of such risks are as follows.
a. Stock price risk
The Group holds large amounts of stock for the purpose of maintaining relationships with business partners over the medium- to long-term, and there is a possibility of a reduction in the value of the Group’s assets and recognition of impairment losses and losses on sales in the event of a decline in stock prices.
b. Interest rate risk
There is a possibility of a change in the value of the Group’s assets, including bonds and loans as well as insurance liabilities requiring future payments to policyholders of savings-type insurance, long-term third-sector insurance, or life insurance attributable to changes in interest rates.
c. Foreign exchange rate risk
The Group holds assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as the U.S. dollar, and there is a possibility of changes in those assets and liabilities owing to the impact of foreign exchange rate movements.
d. Credit risk
There is a possibility that lowered creditworthiness or bankruptcies of stock and bond issuers or borrowers, or disruptions in credit markets, could cause a decline in the value of the Group’s assets, such as stocks, corporate bonds and loans, along with products and services sold by the Group, such as credit and guarantee insurance contracts, or could prevent the Group from recovering principal and/or interest.
(ii) Risk of large insurance claims due to natural disaster
Natural disasters such as typhoons and earthquakes can result in large losses, and with such natural disasters growing in frequency and scale worldwide due to the impact of such factors as climate change, there is a possibility that huge natural disasters exceeding forecast levels will occur. The Group utilizes reinsurance and builds appropriate catastrophe reserves, so it is able to properly respond to instances of large claim payments arising from such catastrophic events. Nonetheless, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results due to excessive payments caused by larger-than-expected natural disasters.
(iii) Liquidity risk
If there is an increase of payments of insurance claims from natural disasters, the Group’s cash flows may deteriorate and force the Group to procure funds through transactions with extremely unfavorable terms. The Group could also be forced to conduct transactions at extremely
unfavorable prices due to market disruptions. There is a risk that such situations could have a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(iv) Reinsurance transaction risk
The Group utilizes reinsurance to diversify its liabilities assumed under insurance contracts and to stabilize earnings. Nevertheless, there is a risk that a worsening of conditions in the reinsurance markets could prevent
the Group from securing adequate reinsurance protection and risk diversification, which would inhibit its insurance underwriting capabilities. Moreover, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results due to a sharp rise in reinsurance premiums or an inability to recover reinsurance claims in the event of the bankruptcy of reinsurance companies.
(v) Risk of loss resulting from unforeseen changes, including changes in economic and social environment
Although insurance companies set premium levels based on forecasts of probable future losses from insurance contracts, the actual amount of losses may exceed the forecasts. This is particularly true for long-term contracts because of the possibility of significant changes in the economic and social conditions initially expected. Accordingly, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results due to the need for additional provisions for policy liabilities.
(vi) Risk related to intensified competition within the insurance industry
The Group’s business environment is becoming increasingly harsh due
to factors such as new entrants coming into the insurance industry in conjunction with ongoing deregulation and downward pressure on premium levels. Under these circumstances, there is a risk that the Group’s business results could be negatively impacted from intensified competition due to
a variety of factors including further deregulation, increased entry of new participants, the emergence of new technologies, and shrinkage of the insurance market and others.
(vii) Risk associated with domestic life insurance business
While working to expand its domestic life insurance business as one of the growth areas, domestic life insurance business has inherent risks, such as changes in market base due to intensifying competition, uncertainty in occurrence of insurance benefit and claims and surrender trends given the long-term nature of insurance policies. Taking each of the aforementioned into consideration, there is a risk that these factors could have a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(viii) Risk associated with international business
The Group is aggressively expanding international business in areas such as Asia, Europe and the Americas through branches and subsidiaries including development of business domain based on M&A strategy. With this comes the risk of unexpected changes in the political, economic and social conditions, regulatory changes, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and the occurrence of natural disasters and epidemics in these countries. In such an event, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(ix) Risk associated with related business
The Group engages in a wide range of business activities that fall outside the insurance domain. In addition to the Financial Services Business, which includes asset management, financial guarantee, 401k, alternative risk transfer (ART), personal loan, venture capital, and other related products and services, the Group is also active in risk management, nursing care, and other related fields through its Risk-Related Services Business. There is a risk that the Group’s business results could be negatively impacted from intensified competition due to greater than expected changes in the conditions of those markets in which the Group operates.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 125

(x) Risk of information leaks
The Group maintains large volumes of customer information, including personal information, and confidential information, such as management data at each of the Group companies including the Company. The Group has put an information management framework in place to strictly administer information. However, in the event of a significant leak of information, the Group could suffer a loss of trust from customers and society, as well as be held liable to pay compensation for damages. In such an event, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xi) Information systems risk
There is a risk that natural disasters, accidents, improper access via cyberattacks, system defects, and other factors could cause problems such as an information leak or stoppage, malfunction, or improper use of the Group’s information systems. There is also a risk that unexpected accidents could cause a delay or budget overrun of a large-scale system development project aimed to improve profitability. The Group is striving to manage such information systems risk; however, in the case of a large-scale information system problem involving a system stoppage, a system malfunction or improper system use, an information leak, or a delay or budget overrun of a large-scale system development project, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xii) Risks related to personnel and labor relations
The Group works diligently to secure and develop excellent personnel. However, should a major personnel or labor relations issue arise that causes the Group to suffer a loss of trust from society, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xiii) Business operation risk
The Group is striving to undertake the management processes necessary
to prevent the occurrence or minimize the impact of such situations as administrative errors, legal or regulatory violations, impropriety by employees, criminal conduct by outside parties, and disasters. Despite these undertakings, however, there is a risk that the Group will lose the trust of customers and society, be prevented from properly carrying out its business operations, incur sanctions from supervisory authorities, and ultimately have its business performance negatively impacted should any of these situations in fact arise.
(xiv) Risk of business disruption
The Group has formulated a business continuity plan and prepared a crisis management framework to respond to the occurrence of natural disasters or unusual events such as an earthquake in the Tokyo metropolitan area and an outbreak of disease, such as novel influenza virus. This framework is intended to limit the duration of any disruption of business and enable business operations to be continued. Notwithstanding these crisis management measures, the Group’s business continuity could be inhibited, or the impact of the above disruptions could be greater than anticipated. In such an event, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xv) Risk of not fully realizing synergies from business integration
The Group takes synergy effects from business integration into account when formulating numerical management targets. The Group will expand its customer base by improving the quality of service, share and standardize administrative tasks and systems, and take all manner of other measures in business integration. Furthermore, on September 27, 2013, the Company, MSI, ADI and MSA Life finalized the “Agreement on Reorganization by Function” measures designed to promote the realization of objectives such as sustainable growth and the enhancement of corporate value. The Group
is taking comprehensive risk management preparations to prevent business and information systems problems, insufficient responses to customers, and other potential problems associated with the implementation of “Reorganization by Function” measures; however, in the case that unforeseen confusion were to occur despite the preventative measures and impede the full realization of synergies from business integration, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xvi) Risks from changes in applicable laws, regulations and systems
The Group conducts business based on the provisions of applicable acts such as the Insurance Business Act of Japan and issues financial reports in accordance with the laws, regulations and standards that relate to corporate accounting and tax affairs. Any future amendment to these applicable laws and regulations that requires a change to the methods of selling insurance products and to product content, as well as the methods for estimating and accounting for policy liabilities, deferred tax assets, and other items, may have a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xvii) Reputational risk
Rumors about the insurance industry or the Group have the potential to affect the social credibility of the Group, regardless of whether or not they are true. Such rumors can be created or spread through the mass media, postings on the Internet, or other means. The Group strives to minimize the effect of rumors by discovering them quickly and responding to them in a timely and appropriate fashion. However, if a malicious rumor were to be circulated, there is a risk that it may have a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xviii) Other risks
There is a risk that the Group’s business results could be negatively impacted by acts of terrorism, disputes, and riots both in Japan and overseas, military conflicts between nations, unprecedented large-scale accidents and incidents, and external factors that are difficult to predict in advance.
7. SOLVENCY MARGIN RATIO
Insurance companies build reserves to cover payments of insurance claims. Moreover, they must secure adequate ability to cover payments even in the event of a crisis beyond the scale of what is ordinarily forecast, such as a major disaster or a significant decline in asset prices. An insurance company’s payment capability, including capital and reserves, is known
as the solvency margin total amount, “(A)” in the tables below, and its risk amount, “(B)” in the tables below, reflects such a risk exceeding ordinary forecasts. The ratio of (A) to (B) is an index called the solvency margin ratio, “(C)” in the tables below, which is calculated based on the Insurance Business Act.
The solvency margin ratio is an objective decision-making index used by government agencies for monitoring insurance companies and insurance holding companies. A solvency margin ratio of 200% or higher is taken to indicate that an insurance company has sufficient capability to pay insurance claims and other obligations.
The status of MS&AD and its domestic insurance subsidiaries as of the end of the fiscal year under review is as follows.
126 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
 FY2018
¥4,992,937
1,236,911
807.3%
 FY2018
¥1,184,723
330,268
717.4%
 FY2018
¥3,321,706
918,540
723.2%
 FY2018
¥15,222
6,117
497.6%
 FY2018
¥2,743,601
769,193
713.3%
 FY2018
¥505,779
60,145
1,681.8%
 FY2018
¥616,094
149,278
825.4%
 FY2018
¥1,168,396
339,508
688.2%
MS&AD
Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
the total amount of risks by ¥15.9 billion, largely reflecting an increase in the equivalent amount of risk of major disasters.
b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
MSA Life
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2017
¥5,067,184 1,236,932 819.3%
b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2017
¥1,284,815 319,689 803.7%
          Note: The consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Article
210–11, 3 and Article 210–11, 4 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and in the Financial Services Agency (FSA) Public Ministerial Announcement No. 23 of 2011.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 12.0 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 807.3%, on the back of such factors as a year-on- year decrease in the solvency margin total amount by ¥74.2 billion. This largely reflected a decline in the market value of shares held.
Note: See the note for MSI “b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the
consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 86.3 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 717.4%, on the back of such factors as a year-on- year decrease in the solvency margin total amount by ¥100 billion, largely reflecting a decrease in catastrophe reserves, and a year-on-year increase in the total amount of risks by ¥10.5 billion, largely reflecting an increase in the equivalent amount of risk of major disasters.
  MSI
a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2017
¥3,293,687 939,444 701.1%
Mitsui Direct General
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
          Note: The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in
Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Article 50 of the Notification of the Ministry of Finance 1996.
The solvency margin ratio improved by 22.1 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 723.2%, on the back of such factors as a year-on- year increase in the solvency margin total amount by ¥28.0 billion. This largely reflected the increase in shareholders’ equity attributable to net income and issuance of US-dollar-denominated subordinated bonds.
FY2017 ¥14,992 6,553 457.5%
  Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio improved by 40.1 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 497.6%. Factors included a year-on-year decrease in the total amount of risks by ¥0.4 billion, which resulted mainly from a decrease in general insurance risk.
  FY2017 ¥2,714,894 809,237 670.9%
(Yen in millions) FY2017
¥484,904 56,163 1,726.7%
        Note: The consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Article 86-2 and Article 88 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and FSA Public Ministerial Announcement No. 23 of 2011.
The solvency margin ratio improved by 42.4 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 713.3%, on the back of such factors as a year-on- year increase in the solvency margin total amount by ¥28.7 billion. This largely reflected an increase in shareholders’ equity attributable to consolidated net income and issuance of US-dollar-denominated subordinated bonds.
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the
non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 44.9 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 1,681.8%. Factors included a year-on-year increase in the total amount of risks by ¥3.9 billion, which resulted mainly from an increase in asset management risk.
  ADI
a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2017
¥1,268,359 323,538 784.0%
MSP Life
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2017
¥605,676 121,997 992.9%
            Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the
non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 95.8 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 688.2%, on the back of such factors as a year-on- year decrease in the solvency margin total amount by ¥99.9 billion, largely reflecting a decrease in catastrophe reserves, and a year-on-year increase in
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the
non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 167.5 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 825.4%. Factors included a year-on-year increase in the total amount of risks by ¥27.2 billion, which resulted mainly from an increase in asset management risk due to an increase in assets under management.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 127

Premiums Written and Net Claims Paid—Non-Life Insurance (Unaudited) (a) Direct Premiums Written (including deposit premiums from policyholders)
         FY2014
Change Share (%) (%)
FY2015
Change Share (%) (%)
5.2 19.0
1.0 3.8 (6.2) 9.2 3.8 42.5 0.3 10.3 10.8 15.2 3.6 100.0 (16.3) 3.4
FY2015
Change Share (%) (%)
10.7 15.3 2.6 3.4 (5.4) 7.1 4.0 48.6 2.7 11.6 9.5 14.0 4.8 100.0
FY2015
Change Share (%) (%)
(9.3) 14.5 3.4 3.0 (4.2) 6.7 (1.3) 47.7 0.4 15.9 7.2 12.2 (1.4) 100.0
(Yen in millions) FY2016
     Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
Deposit premiums from policyholders
(b) Net Premiums Written
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
(c) Net Claims Paid
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
Amount ¥ 625,179 131,030 341,241 1,421,126 355,417 476,209 ¥3,350,204 ¥ 138,799
Amount ¥ 425,881 103,389 230,991 1,438,002 348,356 392,491 ¥2,939,113
Amount 259,270 46,430 114,136 786,916 258,095 185,698 ¥1,650,547
5.8
7.9 (1.8) 3.1 0.8
10.1 4.0
(8.4)
FY2014
Change (%)
7.0 6.5 1.5 3.2 3.0 9.8 4.5
FY2014
Change (%)
2.6 (9.9) (1.3) (2.3) (1.2) 1.1 (1.2)
18.7 3.9 10.2 42.4 10.6 14.2 100.0 4.1
Share (%)
14.5 3.5 7.9 48.9 11.8 13.4 100.0
Share (%)
15.7 2.8 6.9 47.7 15.6 11.3 100.0
Amount ¥ 657,398 132,284 319,937 1,475,596 356,465 527,502 ¥3,469,185 ¥ 116,225
Amount ¥ 471,476 106,108 218,487 1,495,339 357,639 429,680 ¥3,078,732
Amount 235,176 48,009 109,376 776,606 259,078 199,092 ¥1,627,340
Amount ¥ 602,521 168,715 321,055 1,524,096 366,523 632,874 ¥3,615,785 ¥ 98,546
Change Share (%) (%)
(8.3) 16.7 27.5 4.7 0.3 8.9 3.3 42.1 2.8 10.1 20.0 17.5 4.2 100.0 (15.2) 2.7
                  (Yen in millions) FY2016
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥ 540,715 14.7 15.9 145,697 37.3 4.3 237,918 8.9 7.0
1,559,958 4.3 45.8 356,088 (0.4) 10.4 567,010 32.0 16.6
¥3,407,389 10.7 100.0
(Yen in millions) FY2016
                                          ¥
¥
Amount 297,850 96,981 107,937 798,736 258,465 271,905 ¥1,831,876
Change Share (%) (%)
26.6 16.3 102.0 5.3 (1.3) 5.9 2.8 43.6 (0.2) 14.1 36.6 14.8 12.6 100.0
¥
          128
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
   FY2017
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥3,649,108 0.9 100.0 ¥ 86,371 (12.4) 2.4
321,651
1,550,037
346,258
681,779
FY2018
0.3
0.8
6.0
8.6
41.2
9.2
18.1
FY2018
       ¥ 627,029 168,602 320,764 1,546,108 343,370 643,233
4.1 17.2 (0.1) 4.6 (0.1) 8.8
1.4 42.4 (6.3) 9.4 1.6 17.6
Amount
¥ 677,543
184,578
Change (%)
8.1
9.5
0.3
Share (%)
18.0
4.9
Amount
$ 6,104
1,663
2,898
13,964
3,119
6,142
  ¥3,761,848
¥ 80,235
3.1
(7.1)
100.0
2.1
$33,891
$ 723
     FY2017
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥3,440,976 1.0 100.0
152,333
261,273
1,593,578
337,844
594,114
¥3,497,572
FY2018
8.7
0.4
(4.0)
5.0
1.6
7.5
45.6
9.6
17.0
100.0
FY2018
       ¥ 553,183 142,339 240,450 1,587,008 352,063 565,931
2.3 16.1 (2.3) 4.1 1.1 7.0 1.7 46.1 (1.1) 10.2 (0.2) 16.5
Amount
¥ 558,427
Change (%)
0.9
7.0
Share (%)
16.0
4.3
Amount
$ 5,031
1,372
2,354
14,357
3,044
5,352
  $31,510
     FY2017
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥1,935,165 5.6 100.0
83,445
110,904
872,529
247,757
291,224
¥2,132,155
FY2018
4.4
3.6
(2.1)
6.4
10.2
5.2
40.9
11.6
13.7
100.0
FY2018
       ¥ 378,241 27.0 19.5 82,302 (15.1) 4.3 106,233 (1.6) 5.5 841,807 5.4 43.5 252,990 (2.1) 13.1 273,589 0.6 14.1
Amount
¥ 526,294
Change (%)
39.1
1.4
Share (%)
24.7
3.9
Amount
$ 4,741
752
999
7,861
2,232
2,624
  $19,209
  (US$ in millions)
DIRECT PREMIUMS WRITTEN (FY2018)
     Total ¥3,761.8 Billion
Other, 18.1%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 9.2%
Fire and Allied, 18.0%
  Voluntary Automobile, 41.2%
Marine, 4.9%
Personal Accident, 8.6%
    (US$ in millions)
NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN (FY2018)
Total ¥3,497.5 Billion
Other, 17.0%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 9.6%
    Voluntary Automobile, 45.6%
Fire and Allied, 16.0%
Marine, 4.3%
Personal Accident, 7.5%
Fire and Allied, 24.7%
Marine, 3.9%
Personal Accident, 5.2%
  NET CLAIMS PAID (FY2018)
  (US$ in millions)
  Total ¥2,132.1 Billion
Other, 13.7%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 11.6%
  Voluntary Automobile, 40.9%
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 129

Policies in Force and New Policies—Domestic Life Insurance (Unaudited) (a) Policies in Force
  (Yen in millions)
(US$ in millions)
    (b) New Policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
(Yen in millions)
FY2016 Amount
¥3,249,483 159,925 61,074 –
(US$ in millions)
FY2014
Change Amount (%)
¥22,676,597 6.0 3,638,524 (2.7) 5,301,496 3.4
369 (7.7)
FY2015 FY2016 Change
Change (%)
6.3 (4.0) 8.5 (7.4)
FY2017
Amount (%)
¥26,882,564 4.1 2,986,168 (3.1) 7,859,834 11.1
302 (7.1)
    Change
 Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Amount
¥24,277,843 3,208,994 6,518,709 351
(%) Amount
7.1 ¥25,813,254 (11.8) 3,081,777 23.0 7,074,353 (4.7) 325
 Notes:1. The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves in the case of individual variable annuities) for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
2. The amounts of group annuities represent the underwriting reserves.
   FY2014 Amount
¥3,307,082 198,867 88,702 –
FY2015 Amount
¥3,495,356 190,634 1,005,973 –
FY2017 Amount
¥3,438,585 216,635 144,570 –
      Note: The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves at the time of enrollment in the case of individual variable annuities).
130 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
FY2018
 ¥28,117,507
FY2018
 Amount
3,094,163
8,554,605
305
Change (%)
3.6
8.8
1.0
Amount
 4.6
$253,311
27,875
77,069
3
  FY2018
Amount
¥3,847,186
385,662
92,813
–
FY2018
  Amount
$34,659
3,474
836
–

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
314,035
1,643,168
2,594,315
5,208,217
2,494,921
¥16,061,871
FY2018 FY2018
   Amount
¥1,471,135
472,377
97,241
1,544,406
16,061,871
903,006
420,618
¥20,970,656
¥23,132,539
–
–
Share
6.4
2.1
0.4
6.7
69.4
3.9
1.8
90.7
100.0
–
–
%
%
%
Amount
$ 13,253
4,256
876
13,914
144,702
8,135
3,789
$188,925
$208,401
–
–
FY2018 FY2018
2.0
10.2
16.2
32.4
15.5
100.0
%
Data Section
   Amount
¥ 3,807,212
Share
23.7
%
Amount
$ 34,299
2,829
14,803
23,372
46,921
22,477
$144,702
Investment Assets and Investments in Securities (Unaudited)
 (a) Investment Assets
Deposits and savings
Call loans
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities
Loans
Land and buildings
Total investment assets Total assets
(b) Investments in Securities
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Stock
Foreign securities Other securities
Total
Note: "Other securities" consists mainly of investment trusts managed in separate accounts.
 FY2017 (Yen in millions)
Amount Share ¥ 1,481,589 6.6%
– – 6,999 0.0 309,644 1.4 140,133 0.6 1,043,506 4.6 16,152,966 71.9 892,599 4.0 422,831 1.9
¥20,450,271 91.0% ¥22,472,927 100.0%
FY2017 (Yen in millions)
Amount
¥ 3,887,198 24.1%
296,667 1.8 1,621,792 10.0 2,906,719 18.0 4,870,634 30.2 2,569,954 15.9
(Yen in millions)
(US$ in millions)
           Share
(Yen in millions)
(US$ in millions)
     ¥16,152,966
100.0%
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 131

Consolidated Balance Sheets
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2018 and 2019
Assets
Cash, deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities
Loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Lease assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Software
Goodwill
Lease assets
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets
Assets for retirement benefits
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen in millions 2018
¥ 1,481,694 6,999 309,644 140,133 1,043,506 16,152,966 892,599 459,624 231,456 191,374 2,711 2,379 31,701
549,502 57,491 229,221 218 262,570
1,297,829 30,645 68,026 49,500
(9,746)
¥22,472,927
US$ in millions
    ¥ 1,474,306
16,061,871
2019
472,377
97,241
1,544,406
903,006
463,356
231,671
188,947
2,032
6,746
33,959
545,450
64,664
203,423
277,155
1,454,825
206
30,075
59,317
35,500
(9,195)
¥23,132,539
–
$ 13,282
2019
4,256
876
13,914
144,702
8,135
4,174
2,087
1,702
2,497
13,107
–
18
61
306
4,914
583
1,833
271
534
320
(83)
$208,401
2
       132 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
¥17,637,713
2,222,637
15,415,076
659,093
1,490,882
176,550
1,583,013
1,273,881
414
27,788
6,498
173,248
173,248
146,802
35,500
20,354,492
100,000
553,168
962,385
25,168
26,743
2,778,047
¥23,132,539
2019
Data Section
   $158,898
2019
20,024
138,875
5,938
13,431
1,591
250
1,561
1,561
1,323
183,374
59
320
901
4,983
8,670
(293)
14,261
11,476
227
(1,225)
40
4
   1,167,505
785
10,518
241
25,027
$208,401
7
Yen in millions 2018
US$ in millions
  Liabilities and Net Assets
Liabilities Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued
Other liabilities
Liabilities for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for reorganization by function Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
Net Assets Shareholders’ equity:
Common stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss):
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥16,964,512 2,213,650 14,750,861 558,191 1,328,675 184,569 538 27,592 16,341 152,928 152,928 221,690 49,500 19,504,540
100,000 554,320 849,044
(2,599) 1,500,765
1,487,258 20,043
(66,274) (679)
1,440,346
566 26,709 2,968,387 ¥22,472,927
(32,539)
(135,992) 4,448
              INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 133

Consolidated Statements of Income
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Ordinary income and expenses Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Life insurance premiums
Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income Investment gains on money trusts Investment gains on trading securities Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Investment gains on separate accounts
Other investment income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income:
Gains on equity method investments
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses: Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Life insurance claims
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense
Provision for bad debt reserve Losses on bad debts
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit/(loss) Extraordinary income and losses
Extraordinary income
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserves under the special laws
Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation Other extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Losses on accelerated depreciation of tangible fixed assets Other extraordinary losses
Income/(loss) before income taxes Income taxes - current
Income taxes - deferred
Total income taxes
Net income/(loss)
Net income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen in millions
2018 2019
¥5,217,835 ¥5,500,438 4,648,110 4,918,626 3,440,976 3,497,572
86,371 80,235
43,130 42,406 1,058,278 1,286,864 19,353 11,547 550,838 561,169 286,229 304,142 8,795 75,461 29,424 17,237 151,934 161,608 1,092 371 115,299 43,162 1,194 1,593
(43,130) (42,406) 18,886 20,642 3,017 3,751 15,868 16,890 5,006,286 5,209,590 4,157,768 4,406,840 1,935,165 2,132,155
US$ in millions
2019
$49,553 44,312 31,510
723
382 11,593 104 5,056 2,740 680 155 1,456 3 389 14
(382) 186
34 152 46,933 39,701 19,209 1,583 6,353 2,091 1 3,567 549 6,311 37 944 2 157 82 0 84 620 6,134 153 99 6 2 47 2,620
154 118 – – 36 253 24 26 183 183 0 19 2,521 798
(28) 770
1,751 15 $ 1,736
                      ¥
171,041 689,066 241,099
283 376,130 179,565 558,519 6,897 163,183 13,748 8,996 1,512 584 14,498 123,843 669,640 15,693 9,057 – 215 6,420 211,548
51,348 9,316 42,032 42,032 – 18,589 3,853 14,724 – – 11 – 244,307 118,432
(28,008) 90,423
153,884 (173)
154,057 ¥
175,703 705,189 232,073
149 395,989 60,981 700,502 4,096 104,806 171 17,389 9,089 50 9,331 68,775 680,910 17,032 10,960 696 181 5,194 290,847
17,069 13,069 – – 4,000 28,075 2,695 2,936 20,320 20,320 5 2,116 279,842 88,614
(3,154) 85,460
194,382 1,676 192,705
  134 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
 ¥194,382
2019
(198,656)
4,493
(61,093)
5,023
(23,850)
(274,084)
¥(79,701)
¥(80,135)
434
2019
$ 1,751
(1,790)
$ (718)
$ (722)
40
(550)
45
(215)
(2,469)
4
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Net income/(loss)
Other comprehensive income/(loss):
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) Total comprehensive income/(loss)
Allocation:
Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
 Yen in millions 2018
¥153,884
123,681 (3,316)
23,348 8,723 4,775
157,211 ¥311,096
¥309,798 1,297
US$ in millions
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 135

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
 MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
2018
Beginning balance
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Cancellation of treasury stock
Changes in equity resulting from increase in capital of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transac- tions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertaining to the U.S. tax reform
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
Beginning balance
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Cancellation of treasury stock
Changes in equity resulting from increase in capital of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transac- tions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertaining to the U.S. tax reform.
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
Common stock
¥100,000
Capital surplus
¥ 669,458
(2)
(117,455)
(242)
2,562
(115,138)
¥ 554,320
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥775,877
(79,975)
154,057
(914)
73,167
¥849,044
Treasury stock
¥(120,050)
(70)
65
117,455
117,450
¥ (2,599)
(Yen in millions)
Total shareholders’ equity
               –
¥100,000
¥1,425,285
(79,975)
154,057
(70)
62
–
–
(242)
2,562
(914)
75,479
¥1,500,765
Total net assets
   Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
     Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
  Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
  Foreign currency translation adjustments
   Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
   Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
 ¥1,360,859
¥23,472
¥(91,219)
¥(9,420) ¥1,283,692
¥25,147 ¥2,734,432
(79,975)
154,057
(70)
62 –
– (242)
2,562 (914)
1,561 158,475
1,561 233,955
¥26,709 ¥2,968,387
Stock acquisition rights
¥307
Non- controlling interests
                   126,398
126,398
¥1,487,258
(3,429)
(3,429)
¥20,043
24,944
24,944
¥(66,274)
8,740
8,740
156,654
156,654
258
258
¥566
  ¥ (679) ¥1,440,346
  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
136 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
                                          ¥100,000
¥553,168
Shareholders’ equity
     Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
     ¥100,000
¥554,320
¥849,044
(79,367)
¥ (2,599) ¥1,500,765
  192,705
¥(32,539) ¥1,583,013
192,705
    5
88
94
 –
 1
          –
(1,157)
(1,151) 113,340
1
  (29,940) 82,248
–
 –
     ¥962,385
   Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
            Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights
Non- controlling interests
Total net assets
      ¥1,487,258
                        (213,376) 5,125
¥20,043
¥ (66,274) ¥ (679) ¥1,440,346
(69,718) 5,127
(272,841) 218
¥566
¥26,709
33
¥2,968,387
192,705
                94
 –
 1
                         –
 –
                        (213,376) 5,125
(69,718) 5,127
(272,841) 218
33
       ¥1,273,881
¥25,168
¥(135,992) ¥ 4,448
¥1,167,505
¥785
¥26,743
¥2,778,047
2019
Beginning balance Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Cancellation of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transac- tions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertaining to the U.S. tax reform
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
Beginning balance Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Cancellation of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertaining to the U.S. tax reform.
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
(30,029)
(Yen in millions)
(79,367)
(30,029)
(1,157)
                        (79,367)
(30,029)
(1,157)
(272,588) (190,340)
             See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 137

2019
Beginning balance Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Cancellation of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transac- tions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertaining to the U.S. tax reform.
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
Beginning balance Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Cancellation of treasury stock
Increase due to merger of consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertaining to the U.S. tax reform.
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
(271)
(US$ in millions)
(715)
(271)
(10)
    Common stock
  $901
                                 –
Capital surplus
$4,994
0
(10)
Shareholders’ equity
  Retained earnings
(10) 1,021
$7,649
(715)
1,736
0
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
 $ (23) $13,520
    1
(270) 741
1,736
1
–
0
–
–
      $901
$4,983
$8,670
$(293) $14,261
        Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
           Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights
Non- controlling interests
Total net assets
       $13,399
                  (715)
(271)
(10)
(2,456) (1,715)
         1,736
                  1
 –
 0
                          –
 –
                      (1,922) 46
  (1,922) 46
$118
$ (597) $(6) $12,976
$5
$241
$26,742
 (628) 46
(2,458) 2
0
    (628) 46
(2,458) 2
0
        $11,476
$227
$(1,225) $ 40
$10,518
$7
$241
$25,027
   138 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
I. Cash flows from operating activities:
Income/(loss) before income taxes Adjustments for:
Yen in millions 2018
US$ in millions
2019 $ 2,521
536 26 132 613 6,232
(2) (1) 7
(89) (15)
183 (2,740) (678) (1,376)
84 (389)
99 589
(95)
(34) (1,819)
767 (4)
4,547 3,626
(98) (1,078)
6,998 117
(81) 448
(5,736) 2,006
(35,398) 33,492
(1,778) 1,607 4,223
(431) 93
(1,438) 5,559
(292) 148 (681)
– (11)
(2,274) 238
(409) 897
–
5 (271)
(714) (8) (21) (17) (300)
(144) 4,279
11,923 $16,203
          Depreciation 64,014
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Amortization of goodwill
Increase/(decrease) in outstanding claims
Increase/(decrease) in underwriting reserves
Increase/(decrease) in bad debt reserve
Increase/(decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits for officers Increase/(decrease) in accrued bonuses for employees Increase/(decrease) in reserve for reorganization by function Increase/(decrease) in liabilities for pension and retirement benefits Increase/(decrease) in reserve for price fluctuation
Interest and dividends income
Losses/(gains) on money trusts
Losses/(gains) on securities
Losses/(gains) on derivative transactions Investment losses/(gains) on separate accounts Interest expense
Foreign exchange losses/(gains)
Losses/(gains) on disposal of tangible fixed assets Losses/(gains) on equity method investments Decrease/(increase) in other assets Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Income taxes refunded/(paid)
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities (a)
II. Cash flows from investing activities:
Net decrease/(increase) in deposits and savings
Purchase of monetary claims bought
Proceeds from sales and redemption of monetary claims bought
Purchase of money trusts
Proceeds from sales of money trusts
Purchase of securities
Proceeds from sales and redemption of securities
Investment in loans
Collection of loans
Net increase/(decrease) in payables under repurchase agreements
Net increase/(decrease) in cash collateral under securities borrowing and lending transactions Other, net
Subtotal (b)
(a + b)
Acquisition of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets
Acquisition of intangible fixed assets
Acquisition of shares of subsidiaries resulting in changes in scope of consolidation Other, net
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities III. Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from borrowings
Repayments of borrowings
Issuance of bonds
Redemption of bonds
Proceeds from stock issuance to non-controlling interests Repurchase of treasury stock
Dividends paid to shareholders
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Purchase of shares of subsidiaries not resulting in changes in scope of consolidation Other, net
Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities
IV. Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
V. Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
VI. Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
VII. Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
14,724
11,741 160,203 546,085
(1,348) (101) (1,239) (5,756)
6,700 (42,032) (286,229)
4,967 (171,357)
14,498 (115,299)
9,057 112,731
(5,580) (3,017)
13,828 (4,921) (10,068)
555,908 407,933
(8,626) (132,575)
822,640 (18,260)
(2,601) 37,842
(128,508) 52,173
(3,595,276) 2,845,276
(198,795) 184,210
– (4,848)
6,901 (821,886)
754 (20,291)
14,461 (47,645) (85,341)
(2,401) (963,105)
55,027 (30,342)
129,133 (28,000)
– (70)
(79,887) (917) (964) (1,648)
42,329 5,738
(92,396) 1,415,903 ¥1,323,506
¥ 244,307
2019 ¥ 279,842
59,483 2,936 14,633 68,042 691,707
(193) (124) 764
(9,842) (1,645)
20,320 (304,142) (75,272) (152,687)
9,331 (43,162)
10,960
65,348 (10,582) (3,751) (201,857)
85,128 (481)
504,754
402,460 (10,872) (119,619)
776,724 13,029
(9,027) 49,750
(636,742) 222,626
(3,929,183) 3,717,595
(197,312) 178,346 468,782
(47,807) 10,293
(159,649) 617,075
(32,399) 16,418 (75,584)
– (1,202) (252,417)
26,452 (45,386) 99,527
– 501
(30,029) (79,286) (915) (2,359) (1,841) (33,337)
(15,949) 475,019
1,323,506 ¥1,798,526
                  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 139

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of and for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1. Basis of presentation
The accomparying consolidated financial statements have been translated from the consolidated financial statements of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. (“the Company”) prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Rules of Corporate Accounting, the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act and related rules, and regulations applicable to the non-life insurance industry in general, and in conformity with accounting principles and practices generally accepted in Japan, which may differ in certain respects from accounting principles and practices generally accepted in countries and jurisdictions other than Japan. In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, certain additional information has been provided for the consolidated financial statements issued domestically in order to present them in a form that is more familiar to readers outside Japan.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are expressed in Japanese yen. As permitted by the regulations under the Rules of Corporate Accounting, amounts are rounded down to the nearest million of Japanese yen, except for those stated otherwise. As a result, the total amounts in Japanese yen shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of the individual amounts.
Solely for the convenience of readers, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2019 have been translated into US dollar at the rate of ¥111=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on the Tokyo foreign exchange market on the last business day of March 2019. Such translation should not be construed as presentations that the Japanese yen amounts have been, should have been, or could in the future be, converted into US dollar at that or any other rate.
“Subsidiary” and “Associate” appearing in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto refer to those defined in Article 2 of the Rules of Corporate Accounting.
2. Scope of consolidation
     (1)
Number of consolidated subsidiaries
90 companies
Major consolidated subsidiaries are as follows:
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”)
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSAL”) Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSPL”) MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc.
MS Amlin plc
MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Bhd.
Changes in scope of consolidation
Leadenhall Life II GP Limited has been included in the scope of consolidation since the year ended March 31, 2019 as it was newly established.
DRD LLP and 3 other companies have been excluded from the scope of consolidation during the year ended March 31, 2019 due to the completion of liquidation and other reasons.
Unconsolidatedsubsidiaries
Major unconsolidated subsidiaries are as follows:
Anshin Dial Company, Limited MS&AD Systems Company, Limited
Certain subsidiaries including the above subsidiaries are not consolidated, as they are not considered to have any impact on, in all material aspects, the consolidated financial conditions and business performance, in view of the size of their total assets, ordinary income, net income and retained earnings attributable to the Company.
(2)
140
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
   3. Application of equity method
(1) Number of associates accounted for under the equity method 13 companies
Major associates accounted for under the equity method are as follows:
Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited ReAssure Jersey One Limited
Changes in scope of application of equity method
Ceylinco Insurance PLC has become an equity method affiliate during the year ended March 31, 2019 due to the acquisition of shares by MSI.
Arena Holdings Limited and 2 other companies have been excluded from the scope of application of the equity method during the year ended March 31, 2019 due to sales of their shares.
(2) Other affiliates, including unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates (e.g. Anshin Dial Company, Limited and Zenkankyo Small Amount and Short Term Insurance Holdings, Ltd.), are stated at cost as their effects on the consolidated net income and retained earnings are not considered material, individually and in aggregate.
(3) The Company holds 29.9% voting rights of Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company, Limited (“Japan Earthquake Re”) through MSI and ADI. However, Japan Earthquake Re is not included as an affiliate since the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial decisions of Japan Earthquake Re in view of its public nature.
4. Fiscal year of consolidated subsidiaries
The fiscal year end of certain consolidated subsidiaries, including MS Amlin plc and 81 other companies, is December 31, which is different from that of the Company. The Company uses the financial statements as of their latest fiscal year end for consolidation purposes since the intervening period does not exceed three months from its fiscal year end.
The Company makes adjustments to incorporate significant transactions occurred during the intervening period that materially affect the consolidated financial statements.
5. Accounting policies
(1) Valuation policies and methods of securities (including those included in Cash, deposits and savings, and Monetary claims bought as set forth in the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act)
(i) Trading securities are valued at their year-end market prices. Cost of sales is calculated using the moving average method. For overseas consolidated subsidiaries, cost of sales is calculated using the first-in, first-out method.
(ii) Held-to-maturity securities are valued at amortized cost.
(iii) Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates that are not accounted for under the equity method are valued at cost determined by the moving average method.
(iv) Debt securities and money trusts earmarked for underwriting reserves are valued at amortized cost determined by the moving average method in accordance with Industry Audit Committee Report No. 21 “Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Debt Securities Earmarked for Underwriting Reserve in the Insurance Industry” (issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants on November 16, 2000).
A summary of the risk management policy for debt securities and money trusts earmarked for underwriting reserves is as follows:
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 141

To effectively manage risks of variability in interest rates related to assets and liabilities, MSAL establishes subgroups of “individual insurance” that meet certain criteria for each type of insurance and investment policy, as well as applies the investment policy and cash allocation policy reflecting their characteristics. In addition, MSAL periodically assesses whether the durations of the debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves fall within a certain range from those of the underwriting reserves in each subgroup.
To effectively manage risks of variability in interest rates related to assets and liabilities, MSPL establishes subgroups of “individual insurance and individual annuities” that meet certain criteria for each currency, as well as applies the investment policy and cash allocation policy reflecting their characteristics. In addition, MSPL periodically assesses whether the durations of the debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves fall within a certain range from those of the underwriting reserves in each subgroup.
(v) Available-for-sale securities (except for those without practically determinable fair value) are valued at their year-end market prices.
Net unrealized gains and losses are reported as a separate line item of net assets. For foreign currency bonds held by certain consolidated subsidiaries, changes in fair values due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates are reported in net unrealized gains and losses in net assets, while the remaining changes are reported as foreign exchange gains and losses in the consolidated financial statements of income. Cost of sales is calculated by the moving average method.
(vi) Available-for-sale securities without practically determinable fair value are valued at cost using the moving average method.
(vii) Money trusts specifically managed for the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries for trading purposes are valued at fair value. Money trusts specifically managed for the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries, other than those held for trading purposes, held to maturity or earmarked for underwriting reserves, are valued on the same basis as available-for-sale securities.
(2) Valuation policies and methods of derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments are valued at fair value.
(3) Depreciation methods of significant depreciable assets
(i) Depreciation of tangible fixed assets is computed using the straight-line method.
(ii) Intangible fixed assets are amortized by the straight-line method. Capitalized software for internal use is amortized by the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.
(4) Accounting policies for significant reserve
142
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
(i)
Bad debt reserve
For domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established under the internal standards for self-assessment of assets and the policy for write-off and provision.
Bad debt reserve for loans to debtors who are legally deemed to be insolvent due to bankruptcy or special liquidation, or whose notes are under suspension at clearing houses, and loans to debtors who are deemed to be substantially insolvent is provided based on the outstanding balance remaining after deducting the resale value of collateral and the amount collectible through guarantees.
Bad debt reserve for loans to debtors who are likely to become insolvent in the future is provided based on the outstanding balance remaining after deducting the resale value of collateral, the amount collectible through guarantees and the amount expected to be repaid by the debtors considering their overall ability to pay.
For loans other than those described above, bad debt reserve is calculated by multiplying the outstanding balances by the historical bad debt ratios.
Bad debt reserve for all loans and receivables is provided based on the assessment under the internal standards for self-assessment of assets. The assessment is performed by the departments responsible for the respective assets and the results are reviewed by independent internal audit departments.
For other domestic consolidated subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established under their internal standards for self-assessment of assets and policies for provision similar to those of the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries.
For overseas consolidated subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established based on the assessment of collectability of individual receivables.

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
(ii) Reserve for retirement benefits for officers
Reserve for retirement benefits that covers the cost of services rendered by officers and operating officers of MSI and MSAL up to the year ended March 31, 2005, the date on which the retirement benefit plans for officers were terminated, is established to provide for their future retirement benefits (including pension).
(iii) Accrued bonuses for employees
Accrued bonuses for employees are determined based on the estimated amounts to be paid at the year-end to provide for future bonuses for employees and operating officers.
(iv) Reserve for reorganization by function
Reserve for reorganization by function is established based on the estimated costs to be incurred in the future associated with the reorganization by function at domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries of the Company.
(v) Reserve for price fluctuation
For the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the reserve for price fluctuation is recognized under Article 115 of the Japanese Insurance Business Act to provide for possible losses arising from price fluctuation of investment assets such as equity securities.
(5) Accounting for retirement benefits
(i) Attribution method of retirement benefits over the service period
In computing retirement benefit obligations, the estimated retirement benefits are attributed to the periods up to the current year using the plan’s benefit formula.
(ii) Accounting for actuarial gains and losses
Actuarial gains and losses are amortized, commencing from the following year, using the straight-line method over a certain number of years (primarily 10 - 11 years) that do not exceed the expected average remaining service period of employees at the time of occurrence.
(6) Translation of foreign currency assets and liabilities
Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities of the Company are translated into Japanese yen using the spot exchange rate prevailing at the year end. The foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the translation are recognized in earnings. Foreign currency assets and liabilities of overseas consolidated subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen using the spot exchange rate prevailing at their respective year ends, while shareholders’ equity is translated at the historical rates. Income and expenses of overseas consolidated subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen using the average exchange rate for the year. Differences arising from such translations are included in Foreign currency translation adjustments and Non-controlling interests in Net Assets.
(7) Accounting for consumption taxes
Consumption taxes received or paid by the Company and its major domestic consolidated subsidiaries are not included in income or expenses, except for those related to Loss adjustment expenses and Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses incurred by the domestic consolidated non-life insurance subsidiaries. Consumption taxes excluded from income and expenses are recorded at the net amount on the balance sheet.
Non-deductible consumption taxes are recognized as expenses for the period, except for those related to the purchase of depreciable fixed assets that are not charged to expenses but deferred as Other assets and amortized over a period of five years on a straight-line basis.
(8) Hedgeaccounting
Under Japanese GAAP, several methodologies are allowed for hedge accounting. Two fundamental approaches are the deferred hedge method and the fair value hedge method. Under the deferred hedge method, gains and losses on changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments are deferred and accounted for as a separate line item of net assets. Under the fair value hedge method, which is allowed only with respect to available-for-sale securities being the hedged items, gains and losses on changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are recognized in earnings together with the corresponding gains and losses of the hedged items attributable to the risks being hedged.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 143

In addition, for certain derivative financial instruments, alternative treatments are permitted under Japanese GAAP. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and hedged by foreign exchange forward contracts or currency swaps can be accounted for by the allocation method. Under this method, the foreign exchange forward contracts and currency swaps used as hedging instruments are not measured at fair value since gains and losses on the derivatives are assumed to be offset with changes in fair value of the corresponding hedged items, and hedged items are translated at the foreign exchange rates that are stipulated in the foreign exchange forward contracts or currency swaps (hedging instruments). Interest rate swaps that qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not remeasured at fair value, but the differentials paid or received under the swap agreements are recognized and included in interest expense or income of the hedged items (the exceptional method).
For certain domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, gains and losses on equity forward contracts used for hedging risks of variability in the fair value of investments in equity securities are accounted for under the fair value hedge method. Gains and losses on currency swap contracts and certain foreign exchange forward contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency assets are accounted for under the deferred hedge method, the fair value hedge method or the allocation method. Gains and losses on currency swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency bonds issued by MSI are accounted for under the allocation method.
Gains and losses on interest rate swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in interest rates of loans, bonds and borrowings are accounted for under the deferred hedge method or the exceptional method when they meet certain criteria.
Gains and losses on interest rate and currency swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates and interest rates on foreign currency borrowings are accounted for under the integrated method when they meet certain criteria. The integrated method is to hedge foreign currency risks and interest rate risks using the allocation method and the exceptional method, respectively.
Hedge effectiveness is assessed quarterly by comparing cumulative fluctuations in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items and hedging instruments for the periods from the respective start dates of the hedges to the assessment dates. When the hedged items and the hedging instruments are highly and clearly interrelated, when the interest rate swap transactions meet the criteria for the application of the exceptional method, or when the interest rate and currency swap contracts meet the criteria for the application of the integrated method, hedge effectiveness is not assessed.
Certain interest rate swap contracts used for Asset and Liability Management (ALM) to ensure adequate control of the risks of interest rate variability are accounted for under the deferred hedge method and assessed for hedge effectiveness in accordance with the Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26, “Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of the Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments in the Insurance Industry” (issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants on September 3, 2002). The hedge effectiveness of interest rate swaps used for the ALM is evaluated on a portfolio basis, based on whether upward and downward movements in the value of the hedged items and the hedging instruments offset each other within a certain range, in respect to changes in the interest rates.
6. Goodwill
Goodwill is amortized using the straight-line method over a period of 20 years. Insignificant amounts of goodwill are charged to expenses as incurred.
7. Cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated statement of cash flows
In preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents constitute cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities not exceeding three months.
    144 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
367,326
14,255
Data Section
March 31, 2019
374,923
14,002
March 31, 2019
24,276
242,644
13,578
280,499
March 31, 2019
 –
204
345
1,295
1,845
March 31, 2019
28,918
2,283
806,098
837,300
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
1. The amounts of accumulated depreciation and accelerated depreciation of tangible fixed assets are as follows:
Note: As permitted under Japanese tax legislation for the purpose of deferral in recognizing taxable income, the acquisition cost of certain qualifying properties is reduced to offset the taxable income that resulted from the sales of assets to be replaced by the acquired assets or receipts of governmental subsidies provided for the acquisition of the new assets. The total amounts deducted from the original acquisition cost of the qualifying properties as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2019 were ¥14,255 million and ¥14,002 million, respectively.
Accelerated depreciation deducted from the original acquisition cost due to receipts of governmental subsidies during the years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2019 were ¥11 million and ¥5 million, respectively.
2. The carrying amounts of equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
  Accumulated depreciation
Accelerated depreciation
   Securities (Domestic stocks) Securities (Foreign securities) Securities (Other securities) Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
17,515 237,385 13,797 268,698
  3. The amounts of loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, overdue loans, loans overdue for three months or more, and restructured loans are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy – Overdue loans 272 Loans overdue for three months or more 473 Restructured loans 1,479 Total 2,225
Note: Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy represent those, excluding any part of bad debts that have been written off, on which accrued interest receivables are not recognized because repayments of the principal or interest have been overdue for considerable periods and regarded uncollectible (hereinafter, this category is referred to as “Loans not accruing interest”) and which meet the conditions prescribed in Article 96, Section 1-3 or 1-4 of the Corporation Tax Act Enforcement Ordinance (Cabinet Order No. 97, 1965).
Overdue loans represent loans not accruing interest excluding (a) loans to borrowers in bankruptcy and (b) loans that have been granted a grace period for interest payments in order to assist the debtors’ operational restructuring or financial recovery.
Loans overdue for three months or more represent those of which the principal or interest has been past due for three months or more after the contractual due date for repayments of the principal or interest. The loans to borrowers in bankruptcy and overdue loans are excluded from this category.
Restructured loans represent those that have been granted favorable terms for the benefit of the debtors, such as interest exemption or reduction, a grace period for interest payments, a grace period for principal repayments or forgiveness of debts for the purpose of the restructuring of, or support to the debtors in financial difficulty. The loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, overdue loans and loans overdue for three months or more are excluded from this category.
     4. The amounts of pledged assets are as follows:
Pledged assets:
Cash, deposits and savings Money trusts
Securities
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
3,876
2,183 346,777 352,836
    Note: The amounts in the above table primarily consist of collateral assets required for payables under repurchase agreements included in Other liabilities, for international operations and for Real Time Gross Settlement of the current account with the Bank of Japan.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 145

5. The amounts of securities loaned under securities lending agreements are as follows:
6. The amounts of assets received as collateral under loan agreements or transaction with repurchase agreements which the Company has the right to sell or repledge are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
Securities 168,651 Note: All securities in the above table have not been resold or repledged, and are held by the Company and its subsidiaries.
7. The amounts of assets and liabilities in separate accounts under Article 118 of the Japanese Insurance Business Act are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
667,614
 March 31, 2019
380,429
    March 31, 2019
296,885
  Yen in millions March 31, 2018
2,420,333
 March 31, 2019
2,298,979
  8. Guarantees on transactions conducted by a limited partnership entity are as follows:
MSI provides guarantees on transactions conducted by a limited partnership entity. Aggregate net present value of these transactions was ¥130,771 million and ¥115,078 million, respectively in a negative liability position as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2019. These amounts were not included in Customers’ liabilities under acceptances and guarantees or Acceptances and guarantees since there was no substantial exposure.
9. The unutilized balances of commitment lines to third parties are as follows:
10. Information on financial instruments
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
5,771
 March 31, 2019
7,650
  (1)
Qualitative information on financial instruments
146
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
(i)
(ii)
Policy on financial instruments
MS&AD Insurance Group (“the Group”) applies ALM policies to maintain stability of investment returns, safety of assets and sufficient liquidity under an appropriate risk management framework to attain sustainable growth of the net asset value. In addition, the Group is exposed to investment risks such as market risks and credit risks and manages those risks in accordance with the risk management policies of the Group and each group company.
The Group’s cash inflows which mainly arise from insurance operations and investment activities are affected by changes in external environment such as occurrences of natural disasters and changes in financial market conditions. To enhance efficiency of funds operations and strengthen financial capacity under such changing conditions, the Group undertakes to raise funds through the issuance of long-term or short-term corporate bonds or other financing methods as the needs arise.
Details of financial instruments and associated risks
The Group’s financial assets mainly consist of securities including domestic bonds, domestic stocks and foreign securities, loans and other financial instruments. Risks pertaining to investments include market risks, credit risks, market liquidity risks and other risks. Market risks arise from fluctuations in interest rates, stock prices, foreign exchange rates and other market indicators. Credit risks arise from the deterioration in the financial condition of security issuers and counterparties of loans. Market liquidity risks represent the risks that investment assets are forced to be sold at extremely unfavorable prices under turmoil in the financial markets.
The Group utilizes derivative transactions represented by interest rate swaps, interest rate options, bond future contracts, equity index options, equity index future contracts, equity forward contracts, foreign exchange forward contracts, currency swaps, currency options, and interest rate and currency swaps for the purpose of hedging risks such as fluctuations in interest rates, stock prices and foreign exchange rates. In addition, the Group utilizes credit derivatives and weather derivatives to generate investment returns with consideration given to the associated risks.

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
For details of derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied, please refer to “Significant Accounting Policies, 5. Accounting policies, (8) Hedge accounting”.
Derivative transactions involve risks associated with fluctuations in fair value of derivative financial instruments, risks of non-performance resulting from insolvency of counterparties and market liquidity risks. Derivative transactions utilized by the Group are also exposed to these risks. However, market risks associated with derivative transactions utilized for the purpose of hedging are mitigated, as changes in the fair value of hedged items and hedging instruments offset each other. To mitigate credit risks arising from the non-performance of counterparties, most of the Group’s derivative transactions are executed only with select counterparties of high credit quality and diversified among various counterparties. Furthermore, under Credit Support Annex (CSA), the Group obtains collateral from counterparties.
(iii) Risk management structure related to financial instruments
The Group manages risks in accordance with the basic policy for risk management and internal policies for asset management risks, which stipulate the definition of risks and management method established by the Board of Directors. At major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries,
the trading department is segregated from the backoffice and risk management departments, and maintains a structure that enables to exercise organizational checks and balances on a daily basis. The risk management department assesses, analyzes and manages risks related to financial instruments by quantifying market and credit risks using the Value-at-Risk (VaR) method and risk limit management based on asset and liability position, and regularly reports the results to the Board of Directors.
(a) Market risk management
The Group maintains and operates a risk management structure taking into account the characteristics of each financial instrument in accordance with its internal policies for market risk management. In addition to monitoring of risk amount by quantifying risks using the VaR method as described above, major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries manage market risks through the assessment of potential risks that cannot be identified using the VaR method, analysis of sensitivity of existing assets to changes in interest rates, stock prices and foreign exchange rates and analysis of concentration and weakness of portfolio.
(b) Credit risk management
The Group maintains and operates a risk management structure in accordance with its internal policies for credit risk management. For securities and derivative transactions at major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the trading and risk management departments manage credit risks of security issuers and derivative counterparties by regularly monitoring the credit information and fair values associated with the investment assets. For loans at MSI, ADI and MSPL, the trading and risk management departments maintain a credit risk management structure through credit screening, setting internal credit ratings and credit limits, managing credit information, requiring collaterals and guarantees where necessary, and resolving delinquent loans on an individual loan basis.
(c) Liquidity risk management
The Group maintains and operates a funding and market liquidity risk management structure in accordance with internal policies for liquidity risk management. The Group’s treasury management classifies funding needs into “ordinary” and “emergency” depending on the urgency level
and oversees operation and management for the liquidity in each level, which gives the foremost consideration to the liquidity risk. The treasury management also ensures the diversification of fundraising activities to secure and maintain liquidity in various environments. The Group manages funding liquidity risks by holding a sufficient amount of cash, savings and deposits, and highly liquid securities such as government bonds, and regularly monitoring their aggregate amounts in case of unexpected events like catastrophes and the deterioration of funding liquidity arising from turmoil in the financial markets.
(iv) Supplementary explanation of matters related to the fair value of financial instruments and other information
The fair value of financial instruments is determined based on market prices and, when market prices are not available, based on reasonable estimates. In determining fair value, certain assumptions and methods are used, thus the fair value may differ if alternative assumptions are applied.
(2) Supplementary information on fair value of financial instruments
The following tables summarize the carrying amounts on the consolidated balance sheets and the fair values of financial instruments as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2019 together with their differences. The following tables exclude financial instruments in which the fair values are not practically determinable (see Note 2).
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 147

March 31, 2018 Carrying amount
(i) Cash, deposits and savings 1,481,694
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements 6,999
(iii) Receivables under securities borrowing transactions 309,644
(iv) Monetary claims bought 140,133
(v) Money trusts 1,043,506
(vi) Securities:
Trading securities 3,161,390 Held-to-maturity securities 1,046,667 Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves 2,068,105 Investments in associates – Available-for-sale securities 9,471,689
(vii) Loans 892,599 Bad debt reserve (*1) (138)
892,460
Total assets 19,622,293 Bonds issued 558,191 Total liabilities 558,191
Derivative transactions (*2):
Hedge accounting not applied 21,556 Hedge accounting applied 18,689
Total derivative transactions 40,246
(*1) Bad debt reserve for loans is deducted from the carrying amount.
(*2) Derivative assets and liabilities included in Other assets and Other liabilities, are presented on a net basis. Debits and credits
Yen in millions
Fair value Difference
1,482,317 622 6,999 – 309,644 – 140,133 – 1,043,506 –
3,161,390 – 1,249,687 203,019 2,113,846 45,741
– – 9,471,689 –
902,594 10,133 19,881,809 259,516 579,472 21,281 579,472 21,281
21,556 – 18,689 – 40,246 –
arising from derivative transactions are netted.
Yen in millions
Fair value Difference
                  March 31, 2019
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements
(iii) Receivables under securities borrowing transactions
(iv) Monetary claims bought
(v) Money trusts
(vi) Securities:
Trading securities
Held-to-maturity securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves Investments in associates
Available-for-sale securities
(vii) Loans
Bad debt reserve (*1)
Total assets
Bonds issued
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2):
Hedge accounting not applied
Hedge accounting applied
Total derivative transactions
Carrying amount
  1,474,306
1,475,182
875
472,377
472,377
–
–
–
–
97,241
97,241
–
1,544,406
1,544,406
–
3,148,489
3,148,489
–
1,056,044
1,286,289
230,244
2,363,311
2,525,355
162,044
3,170
4,013
842
9,040,271
9,040,271
–
903,006
(98)
902,907
925,994
23,086
20,102,527
20,519,621
417,094
659,093
676,879
17,785
659,093
676,879
17,785
17,426
17,426
–
2,664
2,664
–
20,090
20,090
–
               (*1) Bad debt reserve for loans is deducted from the carrying amount.
(*2) Derivative assets and liabilities included in Other assets and Other liabilities, are presented on a net basis. Debits and credits
arising from derivative transactions are netted.
148 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
(Note 1) Determination of fair value of financial instruments Assets
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
With regard to deposits and savings, the fair value is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at interest rates applicable to the same type of new deposits and savings based on duration. With regard to deposits and savings without fixed maturities and short-term deposits and savings, the book value is deemed as the fair value due to their demand feature or short term duration.
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements
With regard to Receivables under resale agreements, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period.
(iii) Receivables under securities borrowing transactions
With regard to Receivables under securities borrowing transactions, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period.
(iv) Monetary claims bought
With regard to commercial papers (CP), the price quoted by counterparty financial institutions is deemed as the fair value. With regard to certain CP, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period. With regard to Monetary claims bought other than CP, the price quoted by counterparty financial institutions is deemed as the fair value.
(v) Moneytrusts
With regard to Money trusts, the price quoted by trustees is deemed as the fair value.
(vi) Securities
The fair value of equity securities is determined based on the quoted market price, while the fair value of bonds is determined based on the price quoted by exchanges, independent price venders or counterparty financial institutions.
(vii) Loans
With regard to floating rate loans, the book value approximates the fair value contingent on no significant changes in the credit conditions of the debtor, because the floating rates on the loans reflect market interest rates. With regard to fixed rate loans, for loans sorted by type, term and credit rating, the fair value is based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at market interest rates, such as yields on government bonds, plus a credit spread. The fair value of certain personal loans is determined at the net present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at interest rates applicable to the same type of new loans.
With regard to policy loans that do not have contractual maturities, as the loan amount is limited to the surrender value, the carrying amount approximates the fair value, considering their estimated repayment periods and interest rates.
With regard to loans to debtors that are legally or substantially bankrupt and loans to doubtful debtors, the carrying amount less bad debt reserve is deemed as the fair value, because the bad debt reserve is determined based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows or the value of the collateral and the amount collectible through guarantees.
Liabilities
Bonds issued
With regard to Bonds issued, the fair value is determined based on “Reference Statistical Prices for OTC Bond Transactions” published by the Japan Securities Dealers Association or prices quoted by counterparty financial institutions.
Derivative transactions
With regard to derivative transactions, the fair value is determined based on published forward exchange rates, closing prices at major exchanges, prices quoted by counterparty financial institutions or prices calculated by the option pricing model.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 149

(Note 2) The carrying amounts of financial instruments in which the fair values are not practically determinable, which are not included in “(vi) Securities” above, are as follows:
 March 31, 2019
277,328
86,042
51,633
35,578
450,583
 Unlisted stocks and other assets invested in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates Other unlisted stocks
Unlisted investment trusts
Partnership investments comprised of unlisted stocks
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
268,698 83,108 22,093 31,213
405,114
  The fair value of the financial instruments in the above table is not disclosed because their fair value is not practically determinable due to lack of marketability and difficulties in reasonably estimating future cash flows.
(Note 3) Maturity analysis of monetary assets and securities with fixed maturities
March 31, 2018
Cash, deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Monetary claims bought
Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities: Government bonds Corporate bonds
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities
Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities:
Loans (*)
Within 1 year 1,463,957 6,999 309,644 126,538
– 5,200
–
– 6,100 921
Over 1 to 5 years 17,664
– – –
– 9,300
– 400 9,433 112,195
788,304 55,293 696,269 499,074 288,305 2,476,240
Over 5 to 10 years Over 10 years –0
–– ––
123,716 7,917 157,786 71,956 80,331 Total 2,361,070
Yen in millions
  Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
–
119,900 28,002
–
– 1,550 1,289,977
438,420 112,024 418,208 893,919 341,592
3,643,595
12,748
780,400 84,100
395,400 6,600 82,400 145,228
936,104 85,450 76,075
182,249
114,612 2,901,368
  (*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥365 million of loans in which repayments cannot be expected since the debtors are legally bankrupt, substantially bankrupt or likely to go bankrupt, and ¥67,710 million of loans without fixed maturities.
150 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
1,447,793
23,351
-
0
472,377
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
86,590
-
-
9,995
-
3,400
129,300
782,500
7,000
2,800
32,602
79,600
-
-
-
617,300
-
400
-
6,600
2,400
10,072
1,750
102,200
173
355,067
1,109,345
119,739
60,140
622,969
336,675
902,909
20,579
48,302
116,673
92,098
197,407
703,009
367,255
89,355
88,449
667,009
762,619
155,478
87,324
311,125
326,777
108,822
2,470,235
2,747,508
3,182,999
3,066,600
–
–
–
22,000
–
536,191
 –
–
–
22,000
–
536,191
 March 31, 2019
Cash, deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Monetary claims bought
Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities: Government bonds Corporate bonds
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities
Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Loans (*)
Total
Within 1 year
Over 1 to 5 years
Over 5 to 10 years
Over 10 years
Yen in millions
     (*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥295 million of loans in which repayments cannot be expected since the debtors are legally bankrupt, substantially bankrupt or likely to go bankrupt, and ¥68,950 million of loans without fixed maturities.
(Note 4) Maturity analysis of bonds issued
March 31, 2018 Bonds issued Total
March 31, 2019
Yen in millions
 Within 1 year –
– Within 1 year
Over 1 to 2 years
– –
Over 3 to 4 years –
Over 4 to 5 years 22,000 22,000
Over 4 to 5 years
Over 5 years 536,191 536,191
Over 5 years
Over 2 to 3 years
    – Over 2 to 3 years Over 3 to 4 years
– –
Yen in millions
     Over 1 to 2 years
   Bonds issued (*)
Total
(*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥100,902 million of bonds issued without fixed maturities.
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 151

11. Certain consolidated subsidiaries own investment properties in Tokyo and other areas. The carrying amounts, changes in carrying amounts and fair value of the investment properties are as follows:
 March 31, 2019
74,996
135,321
 Carrying amount
Fair value
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
75,405 136,583
  Notes:
1. Carrying amount represents the acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation.
2. Fair value is primarily determined based on the appraisal values provided by qualified external appraisers. With respect to the properties with no substantial changes in their appraisal values or
indices that were considered to appropriately reflect market prices since the most recent appraisal dates, the fair value is determined based on these appraisal values or the values adjusted by the relevant indices.
12. The amounts of net assets per share are as follows:
Net assets per share (in ¥)
Stock acquisition rights deducted from net assets (in ¥ million) Non-controlling interests deducted from net assets (in ¥ million) Outstanding common shares (in thousands)
13. Significant subsequent events
March 31, 2018 4,964.64 566 26,709 592,411
 March 31, 2019
4,712.11
785
26,743
583,711
  (1)
Based on the Agreement on Reorganization by Function concluded on September 27, 2013 between the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited (“MSI”), Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”) and Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSAL”), MSI and MSAL as well as ADI and MSAL concluded the Absorption-type Company Split Agreement on June 28, 2018 and completed the reorganization on April 1, 2019. The purpose of the agreement is to transfer the long-term contracts of the third sector insurance market held by MSI and ADI to MSAL.
Overview of the transaction
(i) Name and description of the subject business
Business related to the long-term contracts of the third sector insurance market held by MSI and ADI
(ii) Date of business combination
April 1, 2019
(iii) Legal form of business combination
Simple absorption-type company split where MSI and ADI are designated as the splitting companies and MSAL as the successor company
(iv) Acquiring company name after the business combination
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited
(v) Other items regarding overview of the transaction
By centralizing the product supply function in MSAL, the Group aims to realize efficient operations through further improvement of level of customer support and concentration of management resources, demonstrate the Group’s comprehensive strength, and enhance customer satisfaction, its ability to grow and generate profits.
Overview of the accounting treatment applied
The Company plans to apply “Accounting Standard for Business Combination” (ASBJ Statement No. 21, January 16, 2019) and “Revised Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures” (ASBJ Guidance No.10, January 16, 2019) for the treatment of transaction under common control.
(2)
152
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
(Transaction under common control)

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
For the year ended March 31, 2019
4,434
For the year ended March 31, 2019
(63,767)
For the year ended March 31, 2019
682,532
305,078
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
1. The amounts of gains/(losses) on derivative transactions to reduce the currency risks of foreign currency reinsurance transactions, included in other underwriting income/(expenses), are as follows:
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2018
   2.
(1,881)
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2018
(118,752)
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2018
661,080 310,320
The amounts of foreign exchange losses included in other investment expenses are as follows:
   3. Major components of business expenses are as follows:
Commission expenses
Salaries
   Note: Business expenses represent the aggregate amount of Loss adjustment expenses, Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, and Commissions and collection
expenses presented in the consolidated statements of income.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 153

4. Impairment losses recognized on fixed assets are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2018
Use
Fixed assets used for insurance business operations
Investment properties
Idle real estate and real estate for sale and others
Other (idle assets)
–
Category
Buildings, other tangible fixed assets and software
Land and buildings
Land and buildings
Software and others
Software, goodwill and other intangible fixed assets
Description
Software and others held by domestic consolidated subsidiary (au Insurance Company Limited)
6 properties, including a building for rent in Chiba
25 properties, including an office building in Tokyo
Software and others held by overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Goodwill and others related to telematics automobile insurance business operations in the UK
Yen in millions
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Breakdown
Buildings 42 1,094 Other tangible
fixed assets 89 Software 962
186 Land 43 Buildings 142
1,792 Land 597 Buildings 1,195
            Other tangible 1,163 fixed assets
291 872
1,534 5,677
3,276
  10,487
Software
Software Goodwill
Other intangible fixed assets
  Fixed assets used for the insurance business operations are grouped as a single asset group by each consolidated insurance company. Other assets such as investment properties, idle assets and assets for sale are grouped on an individual basis.
For fixed assets used for the insurance business operations, the entire carrying amount is recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses because income from business operations of au Insurance Company Limited, a domestic consolidated subsidiary of the Company, has continuously shown negative amount indicating that the carrying amount of the relevant asset (asset group) may not be recoverable.
As the investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale in the above table were to be disposed in the near future or determined to be torn down, the aggregate difference between the carrying amounts of the assets and recoverable amounts was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses.
The recoverable amounts of assets to be disposed represent their net sales value, which are determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers, while the recoverable amounts of assets determined to be torn down represent their residual value.
For other idle assets, the portion of carrying amounts of the software being held by overseas consolidated subsidiaries, which there is no definite plan to use with, is recognized as impairment losses.
During the review of the Company’s business plan, an impairment test was conducted for goodwill related to telematics automobile insurance business operations in the UK. As a result of the test, the aggregate difference between the carrying amounts of the assets and recoverable amounts was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses. The recoverable amounts are measured by value in use, determined by discounting the future cash flows at 10.5%.
154 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
 62
Buildings
62
1,431
Land Buildings Other tangible fixed assets
429 860
141
1,442
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
1,179 262
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Use
Investment properties
Idle real estate and real estate for sale and others
-
Category Buildings
Land,buildings and other tangible fixed assets
Software, and other intangible fixed assets
Yen in millions Impairment losses on fixed assets
Description Breakdown
5 properties, including a building for rent in Fukushima
32 properties, including an office building in Niigata
Software and others related to telematics automobile insurance business operations in the UK
            Fixed assets used for the insurance business operations are grouped as a single asset group by each insurance company. Other assets such as investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale are grouped on an individual basis.
As the investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale in the above table were to be disposed in the near future, the carrying amounts of the assets were reduced to recoverable amounts, and the aggregate difference between them was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses.
The recoverable amounts of assets to be disposed represent their net sales value, which are determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers or the assessment of inheritance tax using roadside land prices.
During the review of the Company’s business outlook based on current sales, an impairment test was conducted for software and other intangible fixed assets related to telematics automobile insurance business operations in the UK. As a result of the test, the aggregate difference between the carrying amounts of the assets and recoverable amounts was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses. The recoverable amounts are measured by value in use, determined by discounting the future cash flows at 9.3%.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 155

5. Details of Other extraordinary income are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Other extraordinary income represents reversal of reserve for reorganization by function.
6. Details of Other extraordinary losses are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Other extraordinary losses represent additional retirement benefits due to the personnel reduction at MS Amlin plc and its subsidiaries.
7. The amounts of net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share are as follows:
 For the year ended March 31, 2019
328.72
328.60
 Basic net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share (in ¥) Diluted net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share (in ¥)
Note: The basis of calculation is as follows:
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent (in ¥ million)
Average outstanding common stock during the year (in thousands of shares)
Increase in number of common stock used for calculation of diluted net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent (in thousands of shares)
For the year ended March 31, 2018
260.04 259.98
For the year ended March 31, 2018
154,057 592,418
147
   For the year ended March 31, 2019
192,705
586,215
212
  156 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
2019
(127,313)
(137,167)
(264,481)
65,824
(198,656)
10,784
(4,895)
5,888
(1,395)
4,493
(61,093)
4,934
1,329
6,263
(1,240)
5,023
(23,579)
(271)
(23,850)
(274,084)
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
1. Reclassification adjustments and income tax effects of other comprehensive income/(loss)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments: Gains/(losses) arising during the period
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments: Gains/(losses) arising during the period
Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments Total other comprehensive income/(loss)
Yen in millions 2018
317,048 (141,917) 175,131
(51,449) 123,681
833 (5,368) (4,535)
1,218 (3,316)
23,348
7,923
4,091 12,014
(3,290) 8,723
6,063 (1,288) 4,775
157,211
                INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 157

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS
For the year ended March 31, 2018
1. Type and number of issued stock and treasury stock
Issued stock: Common stock
Total Treasury stock:
Common stock Total
Beginning balance
633,291 633,291
40,884 40,884
in thousands of shares Increase Decrease
- 40,000 - 40,000
19 40,022 19 40,022
Ending balance
593,291 593,291
880 880
          Notes:
1. The decrease in the number of issued common stock during the year was 40,000 thousand shares, as a result of the cancellation of treasury stock.
2. The increase in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 19 thousand shares, as a result of the repurchase of fractional stock.
3. The decrease in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 40,022 thousand shares, as a result of the cancellation of treasury stock of 40,000 thousand shares, exercise of
stock acquisition rights of 21 thousand shares, and sales of 0 thousand fractional shares.
2. Stock acquisition rights
 Category Filer
Total
Breakdown
Stock acquisition rights as stock options
Yen in millions Ending balance 566 566
Effective date
June 27, 2017
December 5, 2017
Effective date
June 26, 2018
      3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting held on June 26, 2017
Board meeting held on November 17, 2017
Type of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Aggregate amount of Dividends per share dividends
(Yen in millions) (in Yen)
41,468 70
38,507 65
Date of record
March 31, 2017
September 30, 2017
   Note:Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
(2) Dividends declared effective after March 31, 2018 for which the date of record is in the year ended March 31, 2018
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting to be held on June 25, 2018
Type of shares
Common stock
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
38,506
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Dividends per share (in Yen)
65
Date of record
March 31, 2018
  Note:Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends. 4. Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe Limited granted put options for shares of Box Innovation Group Limited (“BIG”), its consolidated subsidiary, to its non-controlling shareholders. The changes in the redemption value of such options were recognized as increase/decrease in Capital surplus.
5. Adjustments of retained earnings pertaining to the US tax reform
The consolidated subsidiaries of the Company located in the United States adopted ASU 2018-02 Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. The effect of the decrease in the US federal corporate income tax rate resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for the year ended March 31, 2018.
158 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
593,291
-
-
593,291
593,291
-
-
593,291
880
8,728
29
9,580
880
8,728
29
9,580
Stock acquisition rights as stock options
 785
 785
 Common stock
38,506
65
March 31, 2018
June 26, 2018
Common stock
40,860
70
September 30, 2018
December 5, 2018
Common stock
40,859
Retained earnings
70
March 31, 2019
June 25, 2019
For the year ended March 31, 2019
1. Type and number of issued stock and treasury stock
Issued stock: Common stock
Total Treasury stock:
Common stock Total
in thousands of shares
 Beginning balance
Increase
Decrease
Ending balance
      Notes:
1. The increase in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 8,728 thousand shares, as a result of open market repurchases of 8,714 thousand shares and repurchases of 14
thousand fractional shares.
2. The decrease in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 29 thousand shares, which is due to exercise of stock acquisition rights of 28 thousand shares and sales of 0
thousand fractional shares.
2. Stock acquisition rights
Category Filer
Total
3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting held on June 25, 2018
Board meeting held on November 19, 2018
Type of shares
Breakdown
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
Dividends per share (in Yen)
Date of record
Yen in millions Ending balance
Effective date
Effective date
         Note:Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
(2) Dividends declared effective after March 31, 2019 for which the date of record is in the year ended March 31, 2019
Aggregate amount of dividends Resolution Type of shares (Yen in millions)
General shareholders’ meeting to be held on June 24, 2019
Note:Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
Source of dividends
Dividends per share (in Yen)
Date of record
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 159

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
1. Reconciliation of balance sheet items to cash and cash equivalents
Cash, deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements
Monetary claims bought
Securities
Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months Monetary claims bought other than cash equivalents Securities other than cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
2. Major components of assets and liabilities of newly consolidated subsidiaries due to acquisition of shares
For the year ended March 31, 2018
MS First Capital Insurance Limited (“MSFC”) has been included in the scope of consolidation due to acquisition of shares. The components of assets and liabilities at the acquisition date, the acquisition cost of MSFC’s shares and net consideration paid for acquisition of MSFC are as follows:
Yen in millions 2018
1,481,694 6,999 140,133 16,152,966
(253,539) (94,551) (16,110,197)
1,323,506
 2019
1,474,306
472,377
97,241
16,061,871
(226,746)
(49,238)
(16,031,285)
 1,798,526
     Cash, deposits and savings Intangible fixed assets Other assets
Goodwill
Policy liabilities
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
Foreign currency translation adjustments Non-controlling interests
Acquisition cost of MSFC’s shares
Less: Cash and cash equivalents held at MSFC Net consideration paid for acquisition of MSFC
3. Cash flows from investing activities include those from investments made as part of the insurance business.
Yen in millions 99,525 57,394 76,084
233,003 76,149
(92,155)
(28,352) (120,507) (2,519) (2,576)
183,549 99,525 84,024
    160 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
   Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Board of Directors of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2018 and 2019, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net assets and cash flows for the years then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan(“Japanese GAAP”), and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on our judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, we consider internal control relevant to the entity’s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, while the objective of the financial statement audit is not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2018 and 2019, and their financial performance and cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with Japanese GAAP.
Convenience Translation
The U.S. dollar amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to the year ended March 31, 2019 are presented solely for convenience. Our audit also included the translation of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts and, in our opinion, such translation has been made on the basis described in Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
June 24, 2019 Tokyo, Japan
  Independent Auditor’s Report
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 161

Summary of Business Results of Main Consolidated Subsidiaries MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
 Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Due from agencies
Co-insurance accounts receivable
Reinsurance accounts receivable
Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable
Agency business accounts receivable
Other receivables
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Deposits with the Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company Suspense payments
Initial margins for future transactions
Derivative financial instruments
Cash collateral pledged under derivative transactions
Other assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥
 March 31, 2019
¥ 451,820
57
451,762
6,999
13,650
3,543
5,399,897
979,885
87,459
555,690
1,728,866
2,003,496
44,498
396,292
6,515
389,776
207,392
78,087
115,698
335
13,271
73,972
14,527
59,445
393,734
4,311
122,339
12,721
64,100
94,274
607
35,260
5,632
10,323
4,138
36,911
701
1,347
393
670
33,123
(3,282)
¥6,977,145
  421,714 76 421,638 6,999 13,598 3,728 5,635,635 1,192,826 88,038 524,990 1,937,182 1,854,804 37,792 393,362 7,133 386,228 205,648 76,499 117,734 569 10,846 45,317 13,726 31,591 328,137 4,122 120,062 7,407 53,454 26,634 534 41,300 6,059 10,293 6,457 35,327 316 15,052 326 784 47,243
(3,169) ¥7,098,216
   162 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
  March 31, 2019
¥3,798,043
644,153
3,153,890
487,093
502,358
11,656
63,195
29,004
16
196,767
18,683
64,182
25
46,990
23,220
1,787
40,357
1,294
3,881
1,295
134,438
403
10,447
906
76,003
76,003
101,693
33,123
5,144,511
139,595
93,107
93,107
685,439
46,487
638,951
15,837
623,113
918,142
885,036
29,454
914,491
1,832,634
¥6,977,145
  Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued Other liabilities:
Co-insurance accounts payable Reinsurance accounts payable Foreign reinsurance accounts payable Agency business accounts payable Borrowings
Income taxes payable
Deposits received
Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Derivative financial instruments
Cash collateral received under derivative transactions Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for reorganization by function Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees Total liabilities
(Net assets)
Common stock
Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Tax-exempted reserve for accelerated depreciation
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥3,893,910 641,711 3,252,198 386,191 507,840 11,571 55,662 22,483 12 196,767 48,653 61,793 34 44,734 22,259 2,557 34,218 1,372 3,862 1,858 139,476 516 10,145 2,261 71,813 71,813 161,817 47,243 5,221,215
139,595 93,107 93,107
589,634 46,487 543,146 15,503 527,643 822,337 1,022,583 32,079 1,054,662 1,877,000 ¥7,098,216
         INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 163

MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Yen Items Year ended March 31, 2018
Ordinary income: ¥1,859,915 Underwriting income: 1,654,780 Net premiums written 1,494,362 Deposit premiums from policyholders 60,092 Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders 33,443 Reversal of outstanding claims 1,734 Reversal of underwriting reserves 65,042 Foreign exchange gains – Other underwriting income 104 Investment income: 199,914 Interest and dividends income 105,107 Investment gains on money trusts 239 Gains on sales of securities 122,213 Gains on redemption of securities 592 Gains on derivative transactions 4,564 Foreign exchange gains – Other investment income 640
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders (33,443) Other ordinary income 5,220 Ordinary expenses: 1,597,363 Underwriting expenses: 1,357,678
in millions
       Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Provision for outstanding claims Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense Provision for bad debts Losses on bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:  Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income ¥
836,385 87,345 259,174 173,672 244 – 470 385 9,391 – 3,360 1,031 237 1,869 2,892 222,577 7,714 6,721 – 1 991 262,552 7,207 7,207 5,636 763 860 4,011 4,011 264,123 73,452
(7,566) 65,885
198,237
Year ended March 31, 2019
¥1,908,617 1,696,441 1,509,617
55,858 32,235 – 98,308 348 73 206,852 113,912 – 121,459 256 2,343 625 491
(32,235) 5,322
1,682,140 1,436,790 910,965 89,662 265,429 167,736 118 2,442 – 436 12,622 171 5,375 4,052 44 – 2,978 223,294 9,434 7,734 172 1 1,526 226,476 2,982 2,982 6,095 1,265 639 4,190 4,190 223,363 58,143
      ¥
(5,882) 52,260
171,102
 164 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
March 31, 2019
¥3,321,706
856,325
76,003
60
527,790
111
1,104,761
48,551
–
487,093
–
6,642
227,650
918,540
131,847
–
14,611
757,347
20,376
115,025
723.2%
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Insurance companies running their business in Japan calculate the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio pursuant to the provisions of Articles 86 and 87 of the Insurance Business Act Enforcement Regulations and Public Notice No. 50 issued by the Ministry of Finance in 1996.
While insurance companies set aside reserves to provide for payments of insurance claims should an insured event occur, they are also required to maintain sufficient funds to pay out in an event outside the normal range of estimates such as a major catastrophe and a significant drop in the value of their assets.
The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio, or item (C) in each of the tables below, which is calculated in accordance with the Insurance Business Act, is the ratio of “solvency margin of insurance companies calculated based on their capital and other reserves”, or (A) the total amount of solvency margin, to “risks exceeding the normal range of estimates”, or (B) the total amount of risks.
The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio is one of the objective indicators used by the insurance regulatory authorities to supervise insurance companies. A non-consolidated solvency margin ratio of 200% or over indicates adequate ability to satisfy insurance claims and other payment requirements.
   (A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥3,293,687 769,056 71,813 – 552,914 156
1,276,455
50,064 – 386,191 – 6,642 193,676 939,444 128,268 – 15,571 771,448 20,731 121,308
701.1%
  (B) Total amount of risks
√(R +R )2+(R +R )2+R +R 123456
General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 165

AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Money trusts Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Lease assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Due from agencies
Due from foreign agencies
Co-insurance accounts receivable
Reinsurance accounts receivable
Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable
Agency business accounts receivable
Other receivables
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Deposits with the Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company Suspense payments
Derivative financial instruments
Prepaid pension expenses
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥
 March 31, 2019
¥ 181,470
18
181,452
2,483
2,411,362
562,094
20,930
257,869
823,412
677,156
69,898
201,022
2,590
198,431
177,051
74,275
84,965
3
6,368
11,438
42,914
9,783
33,131
354,507
2,412
81,701
897
5,747
49,733
126,947
71
43,036
7,014
6,777
2,499
24,825
2,842
20,501
16,426
4,500
(1,251)
¥3,410,989
  165,103 20 165,083 2,383 2,597,124 640,924 21,152 263,257 922,714 684,083 64,991 200,051 3,063 196,987 171,168 75,219 84,234 14 1,484 10,216 27,524 9,325 18,199 296,367 2,416 78,533 931 3,379 53,568 72,006 70 38,706 7,086 6,821 4,228 24,122 4,496 23,672 – 4,500
(1,226) ¥3,486,669
  166 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
March 31, 2019
¥2,426,782
591,844
1,834,938
22,000
171,219
3,433
52,448
53,043
1,500
3,060
3,249
27
32,064
19,507
2,034
3
847
0
31,288
6,016
253
13,373
13,373
–
4,500
2,675,433
100,005
81,207
52,593
28,614
180,526
47,411
133,114
133,114
361,739
373,815
373,815
735,555
¥3,410,989
  Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued Other liabilities:
Co-insurance accounts payable Reinsurance accounts payable Foreign reinsurance accounts payable Agency business accounts payable Income taxes payable
Deposits received
Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for reorganization by function Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees Total liabilities
(Net assets)
Common stock
Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Other capital surplus
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥2,483,038 572,979 1,910,058 22,000 159,007 3,245 49,207 36,314 1,550 17,450 3,049 13 28,407 18,014 911 14 829 0 26,891 5,859 1,527 1,688 1,688 1,090 4,500 2,705,604
100,005 81,207 52,593 28,614
172,552 47,411 125,141 125,141 353,765 427,298 427,298 781,064 ¥3,486,669
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 167

AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Yen Items Year ended March 31, 2018
Ordinary income: ¥1,335,258 Underwriting income: 1,265,331 Net premiums written 1,222,017 Deposit premiums from policyholders 26,278 Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders 16,728 Reversal of underwriting reserves – Foreign exchange gains – Other underwriting income 307 Investment income: 61,019 Interest and dividends income 58,498 Investment gains on money trusts 2 Gains on sales of securities 18,718 Gains on redemption of securities 462 Foreign exchange gains – Other investment income 66
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders (16,728) Other ordinary income 8,906 Ordinary expenses: 1,329,641 Underwriting expenses: 1,087,152
in millions
      Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense Provision for bad debts Losses on bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserves under the special laws:
Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation Losses on reduction of tangible fixed assets
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income ¥
660,699 62,886 234,977 67,427 38 46,214 11,721 10 3,175 57,877 3,189 49,040 499 3,572 507 1,067 182,720 1,891 571 – 0 1,319 5,616 37,778 2,352 35,425 35,425 6,599 4,609 1,979 – – 11 36,794 24,465
(3,291) 21,173 15,620
Year ended March 31, 2019
¥1,425,517 1,354,477 1,233,581
24,377 16,539 75,120
242 4,616 62,276 56,150 2 22,397 90 77 97
(16,539) 8,763
1,364,135 1,159,840 770,582 66,390 238,394 64,336 30 18,865 – – 1,240 13,890 5,379 2,076 –
     ¥
4,861 –
1,572 188,607 1,796
398 55 0 1,342 61,382 701 701 – – 14,463 1,203 1,569 11,684 11,684 5 47,620 9,584 728 10,312 37,307
 168 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
March 31, 2019
¥1,168,396
333,503
13,373
780
288,003
231
456,845
23,420
–
13,200
–
4,822
43,859
339,508
109,193
–
7,283
216,865
8,304
81,872
688.2%
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥1,268,359 324,431 1,688 747 347,678 199
521,401
18,026 – 17,600 – 3,824 40,411 323,538 105,821 – 7,831 229,683 7,977 55,539
784.0%
     (B) Total amount of risks
√(R +R )2+(R +R )2+R +R 123456
General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 169

MITSUI DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Yen Items March 31, 2018
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings: ¥18,067
Deposits in banks 18,067 Investments in securities: 33,621 Government bonds 1,656 Municipal bonds 21,136 Corporate bonds 10,828 Other securities – Tangible fixed assets: 377 Buildings 50 Other tangible fixed assets 327 Intangible fixed assets: 3,307 Software 2,207 Other intangible fixed assets 1,100 Other assets: 6,124 Premiums receivable 0 Reinsurance accounts receivable – Other receivables 3,756 Accrued income 52 Guarantee deposits 352 Suspense payments 1,961 Other assets 1
in millions
     Bad debt reserve (9) Total assets ¥61,489 (Liabilities)
Policy liabilities: 45,870
Outstanding claims 24,796
Underwriting reserves 21,073 Other liabilities: 1,422 Reinsurance accounts payable 1 Income taxes payable 224 Other payables 1,171 Suspense receipts 7 Asset retirement obligations 17 Reserve for pension and retirement benefits 104 Accrued bonuses for employees 263 Reserves under the special laws: 63 Reserve for price fluctuation 63 Deferred tax liabilities 93 Total liabilities 47,819
(Net assets)
Common stock 39,106 Capital surplus: 9,006
Additional paid-in capital 9,006 Retained earnings: (34,492) Other retained earnings: (34,492) Retained earnings brought forward (34,492)
Total shareholders' equity 13,619 Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities 50 Total valuation and translation adjustments 50 Total net assets 13,670 Total liabilities and net assets ¥61,489
March 31, 2019
¥ 7,036 7,036 42,042 901 20,158 14,479 6,503 548 46 502 5,076 4,601 475 6,216 0 418
3,589 44
352 1,811 0
(3) ¥60,917
44,995 24,432 20,563
1,398 2 157 1,211 8 17 163 280 72 72 84 46,994
39,106 9,006 9,006
(34,243) (34,243) (34,243) 13,868
54
54 13,923 ¥60,917
          170 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
Year ended March 31, 2019
¥37,612
37,559
36,663
22
363
510
32
55
–
(22)
19
37,227
28,235
25,123
2,811
300
–
–
–
–
8,988
2
–
2
384
–
15
6
8
8
369
131
(10)
120
¥ 249
March 31, 2019
¥15,222
13,868
72
0
1,210
3
68
–
–
–
–
–
–
6,117
5,516
–
0
1,031
205
300
497.6%
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income: Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Reversal of outstanding claims
Reversal of underwriting reserves
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income
Gains on sales of securities
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves
Investment expenses:
Losses on sales of securities
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Provision for bad debts
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Income before taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
(prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Yen in millions Year ended March 31, 2018
¥37,965 37,892 37,873
18 – –
59 73 4
(18) 14
37,514 28,948 24,823
2,825 280 638 380 0 0 8,556 8 5 2 451 – 6 0 6 6 445 123
(6) 117
¥ 328
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥14,992 13,619 63 0 1,242 3
63
– – – – – –
6,553 5,978 – 0 853 213 300
457.5%
                 √(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
(B) Total amount of risks
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 171

MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Buildings
Lease assets
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Due from agencies
Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Other receivables
Prepaid expenses
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Derivative financial instruments Suspense payments
Other assets
Bad debt reserve Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥
 March 31, 2019
¥ 73,027
0
73,027
465,377
–
3,548,477
2,213,343
183,243
883,523
770
195,146
72,449
59,506
59,506
3,347
532
1,486
1,328
30,851
8,067
22,783
186
3,230
45,775
34,197
1,182
6,940
369
1,400
1,551
131
(117)
¥4,229,662
  164,811 0 164,811 – 309,644 3,260,140 1,968,530 163,323 862,383 1,362 219,641 44,898 57,079 57,079 3,997 572 2,155 1,269 26,417 8,103 18,314 127 663 46,963 33,014 1,427 7,143 350 4,042 960 24
(114) ¥3,869,730
    172 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
March 31, 2019
  ¥3,415,379
29,520
3,376,079
9,780
4,296
509,173
468,782
253
23,687
2,496
389
8,376
184
1,624
11
434
631
2,554
3,474
7,799
7,799
13,359
3,953,747
85,500
93,688
63,214
30,473
14,645
10
946
13,698
13,698
193,833
82,081
82,081
275,915
¥4,229,662
0
  Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Reserve for dividends to policyholders
Due to agencies
Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Payables under repurchase agreements Payables under securities lending transactions Income taxes payable
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Unearned income
Deposits received
Derivative financial instruments
Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Suspense receipts
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities
(Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Other capital surplus
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥3,182,433 28,102 3,143,804 10,526 4,562 263 395,303 – 381,139 758 128 9,527 0 179 391 2,364 432 382 – 3,137 22 6,862 6,862 12,619 3,605,205
85,500 93,688 63,214 30,473
7,870 708 7,162 7,162 187,058 77,466 77,466 264,524 ¥3,869,730
           INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 173

MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income:
Insurance premiums and others:
Insurance premiums
Reinsurance income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income: Interest on deposits
Interest and dividends on securities Interest on loans
Other interest and dividends Gains on sales of securities Gains on redemption of securities Foreign exchange gains
Reversal of bad debts
Yen Year ended March 31, 2018 ¥550,495 493,748 492,591 1,156 53,817 44,603 0 42,699 1,617 287 9,209
– 1 2
in millions
      2,929 923 1,519 486 533,521 189,390 41,353 16,924 19,878 106,304 3,735 1,195 247,798 454 247,344 0 3,881 63 1,944 1,793 – – 79 79,359 13,090 1,562 Taxes 6,599 Depreciation 4,323
Year ended March 31, 2019 ¥579,934 520,148 504,235 15,913 57,106 44,921 0 43,138 1,675 106 12,184 1 – – 2,679 779 1,436 462 560,410 223,798 41,875 18,339 21,920 123,934 3,846 13,881 233,692 1,417 232,274 0 6,092 – 4,794 1,235 8 3 51 83,244 13,582 1,453 6,963 4,821 337 6 19,524 0 0 1,135 198 936 936 7,842 10,547 3,634
Other ordinary income:
Ordinary expenses:
Insurance claims and others:
Provision for underwriting reserves and others:
Investment expenses:
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Payments of deferred insurance claims
Provision for reserve for pension and retirement benefits
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income before income taxes
Income taxes – current
Income taxes – deferred
Total income taxes Net income
Receipts of annuities with special conditions Receipts of deferred insurance claims
Other ordinary income
  Insurance claims Annuity payments Benefits
Surrender benefits Other refunds Reinsurance premiums
Provision for outstanding claims
Provision for underwriting reserves
Provision for interest portion of reserve for dividends to policyholders
Interest expense
Losses on sales of securities Losses on derivative transactions Foreign exchange losses Provision for bad debts
Other investment expenses
          ¥
601 2 16,973 1 1 885 11 874 874 9,214 6,874 2,132
(534) 1,597 5,277
¥
(1,055) 2,578 7,968
  174 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
March 31, 2019
Number of policies (in thousands)
Amount
3,219
¥238,475
177
6,856
-
85,546
-
3
 Year ended March 31, 2019
 Number of policies (in thousands)
 Amount
 New policies
 Net increase by conversion
337
¥31,072
31,072
 -
1
73
73
-
-
928
928
-
-
-
-
-
  March 31, 2019
¥3,897
417
4,315
1,078
 Year ended March 31, 2019
¥508
3
511
177
Business Results
Amount of Policies in Force and New Policies
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
March 31, 2018
Number of policies (in thousands)
Yen in 100 millions
Amount
    3,057 ¥230,952 182 7,115 - 78,598 - 3
 Notes:1. The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
2. The amounts of group annuities represent the underwriting reserves.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance
Individual annuities
Group insurance
Group annuities
Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence.
  Number of policies (in thousands)
Year ended March 31, 2018 Amount
New policies
Yen in 100 millions
Net increase by conversion
    273 ¥26,292 26,292 - 1 102 102 - - 1,445 1,445 - - - - -
 Annualized Premiums
(1) Policies in force
Yen in 100 millions March 31, 2018
 Individual insurance ¥3,693 Individual annuities 430 Total: 4,123
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc. 967
(2) New policies
Yen in 100 millions Year ended March 31, 2018
Individual insurance ¥383 Individual annuities 4 Total: 388
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc. 139
Notes:1. An annualized premium is the annual total of premiums that is obtained by multiplying the amount of a single payment with the number of payments per year in accordance with the premium payment method. An annualized premium for a lump-sum payment policy is the premium divided by the number of years of coverage.
2. “Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.” represents the portion of annualized premiums that corresponds to medical coverage benefits (for hospitalization, surgeries, etc.), living benefits (for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.) and premium waiver benefits (excluding those for disability, but including those for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.).
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 175

MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Business Performance
Fundamental revenues:
Insurance premiums and others
Fundamental expenses
Fundamental profit
Capital gains/(losses)
Non-recurring gains/(losses)
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income taxes
Net income
Yen in millions
 Year ended March 31, 2019
 Change
¥567,766
 ¥26,483
520,148
26,400
552,193
23,715
15,573
2,767
6,131
658
(2,180)
(876)
19,524
2,550
0
(0)
1,135
249
7,842
(1,372)
2,578
981
7,968
2,691
  Year ended March 31, 2018 ¥541,283 493,748 528,477 12,806 5,472
(1,304) 16,973
1 885 9,214 1,597 5,277
  Notes:Since the year ended March 31, 2019, the disclosure method of the breakdown of ordinary profit relating to the effect of change in the exchange rates related to foreign currency denominated insurance contracts and the effect of change in surrender values associated with market value adjustment has been modified. As a result, fundamental profit increased by ¥15 million and capital gains decreased by the same amount for the year ended March 31, 2019, compared to those before the modification.
176 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
March 31, 2019
¥505,779
192,668
7,799
35,067
22
102,601
–
162,392
–
–
–
–
5,227
60,145
18,220
12,950
3,136
–
46,405
1,614
1,681.8%
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total capital
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and
net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions) × 90%
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land × 85%
Excess of continued Zillmerized reserve (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Brought in capital
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥484,904 186,080 6,862 32,890 23
96,832
– 159,410 – – – – 2,804 56,163 17,411 11,658 3,115 – 43,169 1,507 1,726.7%
   Deductions
Others
(B) Total amount of risks
√(R +R )2+(R +R +R )2+R 182374
  Insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R8) Assumed interest rate risk (R2)
Minimum guarantee risk (R7)
Asset management risk (R3)
Business administration risk (R4)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 177

MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Deposits in banks
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥
Buildings 244
Lease assets
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software 6,419
March 31, 2019
      178,099 178,099 39,999 1,037,295 4,612,983 67,101 2,960 78,203 2,043,356 2,421,360 Loans: 239,778
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Monetary claims bought Money trusts Investments in securities:
¥ 288,811 288,811 42,999 1,538,286 4,683,396 14,666 2,243 86,177 2,280,077 2,300,230 244,618 433 338 239,345 244,280 892 938
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities Other securities
Lease assets
Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Other receivables
Prepaid expenses
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Derivative financial instruments Suspense payments
Other assets
Deferred tax assets Total assets (Liabilities)
Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Due to agencies
Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Income taxes payable
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Deposits received
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Suspense receipts
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Total liabilities (Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
218 3,813 41,616 17,446 694 18,256 4,504 0 709 5 40,636 ¥6,201,753
5,916,715 17,382 5,899,332 4,555 4,244 39,648 1,501 8,346 5,482 18,821 1 833 134 4,527 72,500 72,500 6,037,664
41,060 24,735 24,735 89,878
2,604 87,274 87,274
155,673 8,207 207 8,414 164,088 ¥6,201,753
10,449 206 9,788 28,814 7,325 1,062 19,651 576 – 198 – 37,012 ¥6,885,323
6,555,593 20,679 6,534,913 4,040 3,936 50,443 2,187 5,397 5,417 32,189 – 818 174 4,258 76,000 76,000 6,690,014
41,060 24,735 24,735
103,435 4,554 98,881 98,881 169,230 19,669 6,408 26,077 195,308 ¥6,885,323
284 541 542 106 110 6,638 10,655
        178 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income:
Insurance premiums and others:
Insurance premiums
Reinsurance income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income: Interest on deposits
Interest and dividends on securities Interest on loans
Other interest and dividends Investment gains on money trusts Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities Investment gains on separate accounts
Other ordinary income:
Receipts of annuities with special conditions
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses:
Insurance claims and others:
Insurance claims Annuity payments Benefits
Surrender benefits Other refunds Reinsurance premiums
Provision for underwriting reserves and others:
Provision for outstanding claims
Provision for underwriting reserves
Investment expenses:
Interest expense
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Losses on redemption of securities Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Taxes
Depreciation
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Reversal of reserves under the special laws: Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Extraordinary losses:
Provision for reserves under the special laws: Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income
Yen Year ended March 31, 2018 ¥1,256,486 1,059,512 1,015,601 43,911 193,690 76,884 131 68,185 8,192 376
– 1,506 0 115,299 3,282 3,239 43 1,227,546 694,801 73,274 88,563 178,199 223,918 2,791 128,054 355,283 4,964 350,318 118,896 0 5,195 – – 113,646 54 50,236 8,328 6,417 1,909 2 28,939 11,500 11,500 11,500 – – – 40,439 8,565 2,662 11,227 29,212
in millions
Year ended March 31, 2019 ¥1,342,809 1,129,772 1,095,699 34,072 209,425 88,316 78 79,490 8,525 222 75,458 2,465 22 43,162 3,611 3,216 395 1,307,221 539,542 87,300 89,168 176,160 109,120 3,662 74,130 638,877 3,296 635,581 64,920 6 – 20 3 64,837 53 55,000 8,880 6,728 2,150 2 35,587 – – – 3,500 3,500 3,500 32,087 12,027
            ¥
¥
(3,245) 8,782
23,305
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 179

MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Business Results
Amount of Policies in Force and New Policies
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
March 31, 2018
Number of policies (in thousands)
Yen in 100 millions
Amount
  March 31, 2019
 Number of policies (in thousands)
Amount
765
¥42,699
379
24,085
-
-
-
-
 687 ¥37,873 338 22,745
- - - -
 Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves in the case of individual variable annuities) for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Yen in 100 millions
   Number of policies (in thousands)
Amount
New policies Net increase by conversion
¥8,093 - 2,063 - - - - -
Year ended March 31, 2018
 Number of policies (in thousands)
  118 ¥8,093 44 2,063
- - - -
62
-
-
Amount
  3,783
-
-
New policies
3,783
-
-
Net increase by conversion
   97
¥7,399
¥7,399
-
-
-
-
    Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves at the time of enrollment in the case of individual variable annuities).
Annualized Premiums
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
Yen in 100 millions March 31, 2018
¥2,641 2,307 4,948
0
Yen in 100 millions Year ended March 31, 2018
¥ 650 288 938 –
 March 31, 2019
¥3,110
2,722
5,833
0
 Year ended March 31, 2019
¥ 632
634
1,266
–
Notes:1. An annualized premium is the annual total of premiums that is obtained by multiplying the amount of a single payment with the number of payments per year in accordance with the premium payment method. An annualized premium for a lump-sum payment policy is the premium divided by the number of years of coverage.
2. “Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.” represents the portion of annualized premiums that corresponds to medical coverage benefits (for hospitalization, surgeries, etc.), living benefits (for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.) and premium waiver benefits (excluding those for disability, but including those for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.).
180
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Year ended March 31, 2019
 
   CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
Year ended March 31, 2019
Change
¥1,297,226
¥ 27,118
1,129,772
70,259
1,309,578
48,332
(12,352)
(21,214)
56,602
35,382
(8,662)
(7,521)
35,587
6,647
–
(11,500)
3,500
3,500
–
–
8,782
(2,445)
23,305
(5,907)
March 31, 2019
¥616,094
165,034
76,000
84,260
–
24,586
–
229,718
–
–
–
–
36,495
149,278
752
3
56,536
2,303
87,495
2,941
825.4%
Non-Consolidated Business Performance
Fundamental revenues:
Insurance premiums and others
Fundamental expenses
Fundamental profit
Capital gains/(losses)
Non-recurring gains/(losses)
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income taxes
Net income
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total capital
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and
net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions) × 90%
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land × 85%
Excess of continued Zillmerized reserve (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Brought in capital
Yen in millions
  Year ended March 31, 2018
¥1,270,108 1,059,512 1,261,245
8,862 21,219
(1,141) 28,939 11,500
–
– 11,227 29,212
      Deductions
Others
(B) Total amount of risks
√(R +R )2+(R +R +R )2+R 182374
Yen in millions March 31, 2018
¥605,676 149,053 72,500 75,597 –
10,258
– 267,415 – – – – 30,850 121,997 117 4 45,460 2,655 71,487 2,394 992.9%
  Insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R8) Assumed interest rate risk (R2)
Minimum guarantee risk (R7)
Asset management risk (R3)
Business administration risk (R4)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 181

 In this report, the following abbreviations appear for company names.
MS&AD, The Group MS&AD Insurance Group
MS&AD Holdings, The holding company, or the Company   MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
MSI, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
ADI, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Direct General, Mitsui Direct General Insurance   Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Aioi Life Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Primary Life Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd. MSIG Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. Aioi, Aioi Insurance Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
NDI, Nissay Dowa General Insurance Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Kirameki Life Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Aioi Life Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS Amlin MS Amlin plc
MS First Capital MS First Capital Insurance Limited
ReAssure ReAssure Jersey One Limited
Challenger Challenger Limited
              182 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  ESG Evaluation
The MS&AD Insurance Group utilizes the assessments provided by global ESG evaluation organizations to improve its sustainability initiatives. As of July 2019, the MS&AD Insurance Group was included in the following ESG-related indices.
  CDP’s Climate A List
FTSE4Good Index Series
S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (World/Asia Pacific)
MSCI Japan
ESG Select Leaders Index*
ECPI Indices
FTSE Blossom Japan Index
MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)*
STOXX Global ESG Leaders Index
             *The inclusion of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., in any MSCI Index and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement or promotion of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI Indexes are the exclusive property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI Index names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
Participation in Initiatives Participation in Global Initiatives and Working to Create Shared Value with Society
  The UN Global Compact
CDP
The Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity (JBIB)
The United Nations Environment Programme - Finance Initiative (UNEP FI),
the Principles for Sustainable Insurance
Natural Capital Declaration
Principles for Responsible Investment
Climate Change Initiative
         ● Paris Pledge for Action
● Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure
(TCFD)
● Financial Principles towards the Formation of a Sustainable Society (21st Century Financial Principles)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 183

 Third-Party Assurance
To improve the objectiveness and accuracy of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2019, the MS&AD Insurance Group has engaged KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd., to perform third-party assurance on the following information included in this report.
The third-party assurance process
STEP 1
STEP 2
Implementation of assurance procedures
● Implementation of a site visit and analysis of compiled data, etc.
STEP 3
STEP 4
Information subject to the assurance engagement
● CO2 emissions, total energy consumption* (PP. 23, 28, 43) ● Number and ratio of female managers (PP. 23, 28, 43)
● Number and ratio of global employees (PP. 23, 43)
● Number and ratio of employees with disabilities (P. 72)
* Details regarding the method for calculating data can be found on our official website. www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr/data.html
  Planning
● Examination of the calculation method for the data subject to assurance and the company’s outline of business
● Formulation of assurance engagement plan based on risk assessment
     Review of draft report
● Confirmation that required corrections have been completed
● Reviewing the draft report to determine whether the assured information is presented appropriately
  Submitting the assurance report
● Review by a reviewer not directly involved in the assurance engagement
● Submission of the assurance report
184 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 On the Issuance of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2019
 Since fiscal 2015, the MS&AD Insurance Group has published the Integrated Report to provide readers with
a deeper understanding of the Group’s commitment to medium- to long-term value creation. We believe the issuance of the Integrated Report offers the opportunity for constructive dialogue with many stakeholders, including shareholders, investors and employees, regarding the Group’s “story of value creation”.
In the MS&AD Integrated Report 2019, we introduce Group-wide initiatives that will lead to the creation of shared value with society (CSV initiatives), aiming for the Group’s goal of realizing a “resilient and sustainable society.” The MS&AD Integrated Report also explains the progress of aspirations and key strategies set in “Vision 2021” and measures to reach the next stage.
The Integrated Report has been issued in an e-book format since the previous fiscal year, and in the current fiscal year we will make available on our website video interviews with the CEO and outside directors that are linked to the Integrated Report. In so doing, we are pursuing a variety of measures to convey the message of the Integrated Report more effectively.
With the goal of improving the objectivity and accuracy of the integrated report, we have engaged the services of a
third-party assurance firm to independently verify the key non-financial data indicated since fiscal 2017. For the results of the third-party verification included in the MS&AD Integrated Report 2019, please see page 168. Moreover,
the CEO as a representative of the management team has included a signed message at the beginning of the Report.
As CFO, I am responsible for the editing process and, accordingly, reiterate the importance of ensuring that the assembly process for the Integrated Report is carried out responsibly and that the content in the report is indeed accurate.
With this year’s Integrated Report, we hope to promote amicable feelings for the Group by creating an even greater understanding of it among stakeholders such as customers, shareholders and investors. We continue to value dialogue with all our stakeholders, and with the aim of further improving disclosure and enhancing transparency we invite our stakeholders to share with us their frank opinions.
September 2019 Director, Executive Vice President, CFO
Shiro Fujii
  Advancing with you
Contact Information
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
Tokyo Sumitomo Twin Building (West Tower), 27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0033, Japan
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept. Tel.: +81-3-5117-0311, Fax: +81-3-5117-0605 https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ir/contact.html
<Forward-looking statements>
These materials contain future plans, strategies and earnings forecasts for MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., and Group companies.
They are based on information available to the Group at the present time. Investors are advised that actual results might differ substantially from our forecasts, for various reasons. Actual performance could be adversely affected by (1) economic trends surrounding our business, (2) fierce competition within the insurance sector, (3) exchange rate fluctuations and (4) changes in tax and other regulatory systems.
This report was prepared pursuant to Article 271-25 of the Insurance Business Act and Article 210-10-2 of the Insurance Business Act Enforcement Regulations.
Group Slogan
● The challenge of corporate change
The Group companies and each staff member will continue to pursue rapid and dynamic change in response to shifts in social and business trends.
● The challenge of providing new insurance products
Providing products and services in anticipation of new risks, the Group will consistently seek to provide maximum security to its customers.
● The challenge of competing globally
To develop the strength to compete in the highly competitive interna- tional arena, the Group will continue to grow, aspiring to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group.
Aspiring to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group, the MS&AD Insurance Group will continue to take on these challenges.
   (Securities code: 8725)
 
 Printed in Japan
QR-Code for access to the MS&AD Integrated Report 2019.
www.ms-ad-hd.com
