Special Feature Creating Shared Value     Deal with new risksDealing with cyber risks
We provide compensation for damages sustained due to
data theft or inhibition of third-party operations caused by cyberattacks, cover the costs for various measures needed to respond to incidents and, as an option, offer compensation for lost profit in the event of terminated or interrupted networks. In addition, we provide a specialist vendor introduction service in case an incident occurs. Together with this, we seek to prevent cyberattacks before they occur by offering an information security diagnostic service, a targeted e-mail attack training service and other risk management services.
    Responding to new risks, an important issue in corporate governance
Cyber risks tend to evolve with technological development. As such, information gathering, research and the adoption of the latest technology in a timely manner are essential. Cyberattacks, such as targeted e-mail attacks carried out on companies and organizations, are on the rise and becoming more sophisticated. If there was a data breach where 100,000 personal data leaked, the result could be calculated at damage amounting to
¥172.7 million,* and damage from such attacks is escalating.
Consequently, the implementation of measures to prevent these
risks is becoming an important issue in corporate management.
*This estimated amount of damage is the result of a simplified trial calculation worked out based on assumptions.
Strengthening and promoting preventive measures against cyber risks
Noboru Ishizu, Cyber Security Team, Casualty Underwriting Department, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (MSI)
The constant generation of innovation is essential to achieving a sustainable society. However, the risk that arises from this also includes a host of new variables, making it ever-more important to precisely analyze, prevent and prepare for such risks. To conduct multidimensional and refined assessment of cyber risks that every day are increasing in complexity and sophistication, we have commenced a risk assessment service in collaboration with Verizon Japan and BitSight Technologies, companies that offer a wealth of cutting-edge expertise concerning cybersecurity.
Furthermore, MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting has collaborated with IntSights Cyber Intelligence, Inc., which possesses technology to aggregate and analyze threat information, on the dark web of cyberspace where attackers exchange information that is difficult for the average person to access. In this way, it has become possible to offer customers critical threat information gained from the massive volumes of information circulating throughout the dark web and the deep web, andprovidethemwithrelevantanalyticalresults.Thereisnoendinrespondingtorisks, though, and we intend to provide a greater number of measures to deal with new and upcoming risks.
   Social issues
Cyber risks tend to evolve in complexity and sophistication in line with the advance of information technology. Damages that arise from cyberattacks are escalating.
Solutions
● Offer preventive services based on the latest expertise
● Provide coverage for cyber risks
Impact on society
● Prevention of cyber risks
● Swift recovery from damage caused by cyberattacks
● Stabilization of corporate management through loss compensation
Economic impact on the Group
● Expansion of new product development and services in the cybersecurity field
● Growth in the insurance market associated with the development of an advanced information society
  056 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS