CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
      Create a safer mobility society
Automobile insurance and services that utilize telematics technology
We have launched "Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type)," an insurance product that employs telematics technology,* and "Tough Connected Automobile Insurance," the first automobile insurance in Japan based on driving data to reflect the extent of safe driving in monthly insurance premiums for cars that utilize specified on-board communications devices that enable the acquisition of vehicle driving data. Moreover, we offer smartphone apps to provide customers with services such as safe driving diagnosis and a swift response to accidents.
*A word that combines “telecommunication” and “informatics,” telematics enables new real-time, two-way communications services that can be provided by equipping automobiles and other mobile platforms with communications technology.
   Telematics technology can contribute to traffic safety
In today’s motorized society, the advance of automobile technology is working to curtail collision-type accidents. On the other hand, driving mistakes by elderly drivers and apparently malicious tailgating-type driving behavior
are increasing the number of automobile accidents. Given advances in information and communication technology, and more sophisticated data analysis functions, we are taking action to develop a variety of automobile insurance that enhances safety and security for solutions to such issues.
Telematics automobile insurance characteristics
Driving behavior data collected by equipping vehicles with devices that have a mobile telecommunications function
The data collected from the devices equipped in automobiles are analyzed by insurance companies and used to set insurance premium rates or to develop products and services.
Policyholders are provided with services such as safe driving diagnosis reports, alerts for dangerous driving and appropriate accident response at an early stage.
 Our thoughts with an eye toward autonomous driving and a new mobility society
Takahiro Miki, Visiting Professor, Gunma University (seconded from Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance)
When the effect of reducing the frequency of accidents was confirmed, I truly felt that these insurance products and services would contribute to traffic safety. Moving forward, as autonomous vehicles become more prevalent, we anticipate solutions to many social issues. On the other hand, the response to accidents or trouble will also undergo big changes, so we will continue to tackle these challenges.
Looking ahead to when there is legislation on “autonomous driving with conditions” to make autonomous vehicles a practical reality, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (MSI) and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (ADI) will offer compensation, from the perspective of victim relief, in instances of hacking during autonomous driving, defects or other problems with driving systems, and for accidents where the driver is not responsible. We will continue to consider products and have a practical vision given ongoing trends in government opinions and considerations.
ADI and Gunma University, a national university, have entered into an academia-industry alliance and are now moving forward on joint research based on field trials. Every day we strive to move forward with the belief that building a future mobility society which is safe and secure is up to us.
1
Data collection
 2
Data analytics
 3
Feedback
   Social issues
In line with the technological innovation associated with mobility and communications, we are expected to deal with new risks.
Solutions
● Offer new insurance and services that utilize the latest information technology
● Develop insurance and services based on research into cutting-edge mobility technology
Impact on society
● Prevention of traffic accidents
● Contribution to the shift toward an autonomous driving
society that can put people at ease
Economic impact on the Group
● Increasingly high-value-added automobile insurance
● New insurance needs arise in the autonomous driving society
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 057