Data Section
         Support
“good health and
longevity”
Development of“health management support-type products”
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, MSI, ADI and MSI Aioi Life are collaborating with the University of Tokyo Center of Innovation (COI), the hub for a “Self-Managing Healthy Society,” and have launched initiatives aimed at improving the health of citizens. As a first initiative, MSI and ADI are working to develop insurance that supports “health management” businesses by utilizing the “Health Management” app equipped with a health risk predictive model powered by AI developed at the University of Tokyo COI.
  Extending a healthy life expectancy
Japan is already in an era of a super-aging society and is under pressure to deal with a range of social issues, such as alleviating the burden of medical expenses. Extending healthy life expectancy is a critical area in the government’s Future Investment Strategy. Health management is garnering attention as an initiative to support this, and we have taken up the health management of employees as a management issue. The goals are not limited to health maintenance and improvement, as well as heightened productivity, but also, we believe, this is linked to enhancing corporate value. For this reason, interest is rising in acquiring certification that cites companies for practicing excellent health management.
Support for health management in companies
This initiative seeks to attain sustainable growth in a super-aging society, offering value-added-type insurance products that contribute to enhanced health, specifically targeting those companies that are making efforts at health management. Regarding employees’ working to enhance health, much interest is paid to the utilization of results data from health checkups. Building on this, while using a health management app equipped with an AI-powered predictive health risk model, we offer insurance that provides coverage for reduced income on account of any unfortunate decline in health. Taking this a step further, we can support corporate health management by developing and offering products in combination with the consulting provided by MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting.
The “health management app” enables visualization of future risk of lifestyle diseases as a “degree of health,” based on the input health checkup results. It also offers personalization with the display of the
user's face, providing an image of what one's face would
look like in the future if risks are neglected. In addition,
   offering advice that supports daily “health activity goals (challenges)” and how to accomplish them by AI, it provides behavior modification support that leads to improved health. Moreover, insurance that provides coverage for reduced income on account of lost worktime enables employees to dedicate themselves to medical treatment with an easy mind; as a result, employees can facilitate a balance between work and treatment. We will continue to further accelerate initiatives together with the University of Tokyo COI and extend this throughout the Group.
The health management app
Group-wide study meeting in session
       Social issues
In consideration of rising medical care expenses in a super-aging society, there is a demand for health management and enhancement for each and every citizen.
Solutions
Offer products and services that support the health management efforts made by companies.
Impact on society
● Creation of a workplace environment where employees can enhance their health and maintain their employment
● Heightened corporate productivity
● Reduced future of medical expenses burden
Economic impact on the Group
● Expansion of sales market to companies making efforts at health management
● Development of new insurance services in a super-aging society INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 059