     Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
“GK Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type)”, and“Suma-Ho (Smartphone)
‘Driving Ability’Diagnosis”Animal Alert App
We provide “GK Observe and Protect Automobile Insurance (Dashcam Type)” along with the smartphone app “Suma-Ho (Smartphone) ‘Driving Ability’ Diagnosis,” a service that provides audio alerts that facilitate caution with drivers when they approach areas where it is common to have traffic accidents involving wild animals. The service was launched in 2016 in Okinawa Prefecture to prevent accidents involving the Japanese rail, a rare bird known locally as “yanbaru kuina.” Currently, the service is available in a number of areas.
When a driver approaches a location or area where there are often accidents involving animals, based on data held by national or local authorities, an audio alert will warn drivers to be cautious. The content of the alert changes depending on the animals’ habits, the time of day they are active and if the weather affects their activity.
     Rare animals are in danger of automobile accidents
Every year, traffic accidents involving wild animals occur throughout the country, causing damage to vehicles and harm to humans. In addition, these “road-kill” accidents are the top cause of rare animal deaths, such as with the bird yanbaru kuina, a Japanese rail. Depending on the area, such traffic accidents also lead to a loss of regional biodiversity.
Recently, due to an increase in the numbers of large mammals, such as deer, and the numbers of tourists which lack information of the conditions involving wild animals, certain areas, such as Hokkaido and Okinawa,
are experiencing a serious problem with an increase in accidents with these wild animals.
of
 Protecting regional eco-system by supporting safe driving
Misato Shirai, Planning & Development Team, Automobile Underwriting Department, MSI
Supporting safe driving is a critical mission for a non-life insurance company. Recently, the top cause of rare animal deaths has been traffic accidents, and this is becoming a serious problem. Putting MSI’s technology to use works to prevent accidents before they occur, and it is a meaningful feeling to help provide a solution to this problem. In recent years, there have been an increasing number of tourists from abroad, and with an increasing number of opportunities to drive in areas of abundant nature, this gives me an even greater sense of mission to support safe driving. The result is the protection of rare animals indigenous to an area and the country’s regional eco-system. The creation of this kind of socially shared value leads to the building of a new ideal society.
Audio alerts depending on an animal’s habits
You are driving too fast.
You are driving too fast.
Prescribed time elapses.
Area where rare animals are active
This area has an abundance precious animals.
Audio alerts when speed is far too fast for an area where accidents involving animals are common
   Social issues
The number of rare animals is decreasing as a result of traffic accidents, with the possibility of exerting an impact on the regional eco-system
Solutions
Support the prevention of traffic accidents with a safe driving app that includes animal habits data
Impact on society
● Prevention of traffic accidents while securing safe and smooth driving conditions
● Biodiversity in regions and conservation of tourism resources Economic impact on the Group
● Lower number of payments as a result of traffic accidents
● Building of relationships with local authorities and the
tourism industry, and cultivation of new markets
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 061
 