Special Feature Creating Shared Value      Work toward the
realization of
“leaving no one behind”
Offering fire insurance specifically for the housing of indigenous inhabitants
EPIC Homes, which partners with MSIG Malaysia, is a social enterprise that engages in support schemes with the goal of improving the living environment of indigenous people. Recruiting corporate and individual sponsors and developing programs whereby homes are constructed by volunteers and these people themselves, the enterprise works to help raise living standards. Until now, there have been 136 homes constructed. MSIG Malaysia has developed fire insurance specific to these dwellings and
has packaged compensation associated with the support scheme. Now, they are offering fire insurance to these constructed homes. Preparing compensation for homes allows these indigenous inhabitants to continue their residence with peace of mind. At the same time, it eliminates the worry that along with the fire, the value of the donation will also be lost. This makes it easy for sponsors to participate in the support scheme.   The indigenous people who have been left behind by economic development
In Malaysia, economic development, primarily in urban areas, has proceeded at a dizzying pace. On the other hand, the poverty and living environments of indigenous tribes have become a major social problem. The indigenous people known as the “Orang Asli” live and work mainly in forested areas. Among them, 35% live in conditions of extreme poverty and 82% are said to require aid and support for residences. Meanwhile, the efforts of social enterprises that tackle such issues have been drawing attention. (Source: EPIC Homes website)
A new way to solve social issues and the value arising from partnerships
【Epic Homes CEO Mr.John-son Oei】
We are very happy to be working with MSIG Malaysia who share our vision of developing community-based housing solutions for the Orang Asli communities. All our partners bring something different and valuable to the table and so has MSIG Malaysia. This bespoke fire insurance product, will make our projects more sustainable and assuring to our sponsors, which ultimately benefits the Orang Asli residents too.
【MSIG Malaysia CEO Chua Seck Guan】
We are delighted to be working with Epic Homes on this very meaningful project and have learned a lot from it. The experience from this project has allowed us to create this unique fire insurance product for marginalised communities.We are open to extend this fire insurance product to any other Social Enterprise / NGO who may work on similar models in providing houses, schools, or any buildings that serve the under-served.
   Social issues
While economic development continues in Malaysia, solutions to the problem of poverty among indigenous inhabitants and improving their residential environment are lagging.
Solutions
Build homes covered by compensation in collaboration with NGOs, companies and the indigenous community
Impact on society
● Improved habitation environment for indigenous inhabitants
● Heightened community sustainability
Economic impact on the Group
● Acquisition of expertise regarding the development of insurance products and services that contribute to social issue solutions
  062 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS