                                                                                                                                         Integrated Report
2021
Year ended March 31, 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Basic Approach to Sustainable Growth
Founding Principles of UBE
UBE Corporate Philosophy
UBE Management Principles
Vision for 2025:
Vision UBE 2025
Medium-Term Management Plan Three basic strategies of Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase–
“Coexistence and Mutual Prosperity” “From Finite Mining to Infinite Industry”
   Pursue technology and embrace innovation to create value for the future and contribute to social progress
 1. Ethics
Be highly ethical, comply with laws and regulations, and respect social norms
2. Safety and Security
Work to conserve the global environment and practice safe, secure manufacturing
3. Quality
Deliver quality that earns the trust of customers and society
4. People
Respect individuality and diversity, and build healthy and comfort- able workplaces
 “We Continue to Create Value for All Stakeholders”
 1. Strengthening the platform 2. Strengthening the management 3. Address and be part of the solution to resource, for business growth platform (corporate governance) energy, and global environmental issues
  Customers
Providing safe and high-quality products and solutions
 Business Partners
Fair and impartial dealings
  Employees
Optimizing work environments in terms of salaries, motivation, growth, and work–life balance
Communities
Maintaining the environment, creating jobs, paying our taxes, and contributing to local communities and society
  UBE Group Policy for Achieving Carbon Neutrality by 2050
Mid-Term Targets for 2050 Carbon Neutrality
UBE Group Action Guidelines
Detailed information on the UBE Group Action Guidelines is available on the UBE Group’s website.
We will strive to virtually eliminate greenhouse gas emissions from our operations and look to help make the economy carbon neutral through product and technology R&D and commercial innovations that contribute to a better environment. We are focused on becoming a leading solutions provider for a decarbonized society.
By fiscal 2030
Greenhouse gases: Cut emissions by 17% from fiscal 2013 level (20% reduction in the Chemicals segment from fiscal 2013 level)
Sales of environmentally friendly products and technologies (see note):
Account for at least 50% of consolidated net sales
Note: Including synthetic rubber for energy-saving tires, nylon for lightening the weight of automobiles, nylon for food packaging, polyimide products, separators, separation membranes, and Heliofresh®
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements regarding UBE’s plans, outlook, strategies, and results for the future. All forward-looking statements are based on judgments derived from information available to the Company at the time of publication.
Certain risks and uncertainties could cause the UBE Group’s actual results to differ materially from any projections presented in this report. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the economic circumstances surrounding the Company’s business, competition, product development, exchange rates, and revision of related laws and regulations.
Fiscal years are years ended March 31 of the following calendar year: for example, fiscal 2020 in the text is the year ended March 31, 2021.
   4
Shareholders
Proper disclosure and shareholder returns such as dividend payment
         
 Supporting People,
Their Livelihoods, and Our Planet
2 Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights / Topics for Fiscal 2020 4 To Our Stakeholders
9 Financial Strategy
10 Progress under the Medium-Term Management Plan, Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase–
12 Key Risks and Opportunities
14 Materiality
15 Becoming Carbon Neutral by 2050
16 The UBE Group’s Innovation: New Environmental Technologies
18 Special Feature: Chemicals Business Growth and Construction Materials Business Integration
22 The UBE Group’s Evolution
24 The UBE Group’s Business Model
26 The UBE Group’s Value Creation Process
28 Delivering Value to Society through Product Lines that Support People, Their Livelihoods, and Our Planet 30 Delivering Value to Society by Contributing to a Circular Economy
32 Overview
34 Segment Business Strategies 42 Talking ESG
46 Corporate Governance
52 Sustainability
53 Human Resources / Human Rights
57 Supply Chain Management
58 Environment and Safety Management
59 Occupational Safety and Health / Process Safety and Disaster Prevention
Contents
Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
  Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
 60 Environmental Preservation 61
62
Environmental Performance
Suppressing Chemical Substance Emissions / Reducing Industrial Waste Environmental Issues
64 Using Resources Effectively
65 Product Safety and Quality Assurance
66 Consolidated 10-Year Financial Summary
The UBE Group publishes an integrated report that focuses on non-financial and financial information that shapes corporate value. This information includes management policies, key risks and opportunities, materiality, environmental, social, and governance (ESG) informa- tion, business model, and the value creation process.
Amid the tumult stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, Integrated Report 2021 aims to present our management strategies, key risks and opportunities, materiality, initiatives to become carbon neutral by 2050, chemicals business growth and construction materials business integration, value delivered to society, performance, segment business strategies, and ESG initiatives. Its four sections are Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth, Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth, ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth, and the Financial Section.
  Financial Section
Network 68 Investor Information 69
Editorial Policy
    Reference Guidelines
Reporting Period Scope of Coverage
International Integrated Reporting Framework of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) (revised in January 2021), and Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogue for Collaborative Value Creation
This report covers fiscal 2020, ended March 31, 2021, and also includes activities and information before and after that term.
Ube Industries, Ltd., consolidated subsidiaries, and non-consolidated subsidiaries
1
      
Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
616.5
2016
Operating Profit
ROS
(%)
695.5
2017
730.1
2018
667.8
2019
227.33
2019
332.3
45.7
2019
613.8
2020 (FY)
226.79
2020 (FY)
Equity Ratio
(Billions of yen)
34.9
5.7
2016
ROE
ROA *2
50.2
7.2
2017
44.5
6.1
2018
10.1
6.9 6.9
      (Yen)
Net Income per Share (Primary) *1
301.65
312.36
2018
329.5
44.5
2018
(%)
34.0
5.1 25.9
4.2
2019 2020 (FY)
   10.5 8.7
     22.85
7.6
2017
6.6
3.7
      5.5
2016
5.2
 2016 2017
2018
2019 2020 (FY)
Equity Capital *3
Interest-Bearing Debt
Debt/Equity Ratio
(Times)
214.7
0.60
(Billions of yen)
286.5
2016
(%)
(Billions of yen)
210.4
0.73
2016
 315.3
2017
359.0
46.6
2020 (FY)
195.5
0.62
2017
187.2 190.7
0.57 0.57
         40.4
42.5
        Notes: 1. The Company consolidated every 10 shares into one share, effective October 1, 2017.
2. ROA = (Operating profit + Interest and dividend income + Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method) / Average total assets 3. Equity capital = Net assets – Share subscription rights – Non-controlling interests
2018
2019 2020 (FY)
 Topics for Fiscal 2020
2020
April
July
August
September
• Corporate • Chemicals • R&D
• R&D
• Machinery • R&D
• R&D
• R&D
Endorsed recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Announced decision to begin manufacturing and supplying intermediates for antiviral drug Avigan® Tablet
New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO) selected “Research and Development of an Accelerated Mineral Carbonation Process Utilizing Calcium in Industrial Wastes” as a commissioned R&D project
NEDO commissioned Ube Industries and Nagoya University to develop advanced separation technology for composite plastics
Reorganized injection molding machine business, while the Nagoya Factory commenced operations
NEDO accepted “Integrated Electrochemical Systems for Scalable CO2 Conversion to Chemical Feedstocks” for the Moonshot Research and Development Program
NEDO commissioned “Development of Hybrid Recycle Process of Multilayer Plastic Film through Liquid Phase Reaction” as an advanced research project
NEDO commissioned Ube Industries and partners to conduct an R&D project into Data-Driven Integrated Biomanufacturing Management Systems
                2

Non-Financial Highlights
GHG Emissions
(1,000 t - CO2 e/y) 14,200
12,300
2005 2017
Waste and By-Product Use
Waste used as alternative fuel
Waste and by-product used as raw materials
Usage Amount per Ton of Cement (kg/t)
440
330
2,860
2020 (FY)
R&D Personnel
(Number of people)
 12,010 12,110 11,270
(1,000 t/y)
450 448
450
300
3,040
2018
12.1
787
453
330
2,970
     300
290
      Number of Certified Engineers
2018 2019
2020 (FY)
3,070 3,010
2016 2017
R&D Expenses
(Billions of yen)
13.6 13.2
2019
Chemicals High-pressure gas manufacturing and maintenance managers Machinery Certified skilled professionals
Construction Materials Authorized concrete engineers, (Number of people) Authorized chief concrete engineers
12.8
11.3
726
682
     1,107 1,095
825 842
1,107 1,126
1,156
889
538
2020 (FY)
848
2016
830
    867
889
  446
474
502 540
2018 2019
R&D expenses for environmental contribution 28%*
2020 (FY)
  2016 2017
2017 2018
2019
Number of Domestically Held and Newly Registered Patents
Percentage of Female Managers (Parent Company)
2.8 2.6
Number of newly registered patents
Number of patents held
2,952
265
2016
2,933
238
2017
2,845
2,862
194
* Consisted of 13% from the reduction of GHG emissions and 15% from other factors
 (Cases)
3,010
303
2015
•Construction Materials • Chemicals
• Chemicals • Chemicals
• Chemicals • Chemicals
• Chemicals • Chemicals
(Cases)
(%)
1.4
2.4
2018 2019
   1.5
    190
 2018 2019 (FY)
2016 2017
2020 (FY)
  October
December
2021 March
Ube Industries and Mitsubishi Materials Corporation signed a definitive agreement to integrate cement and related businesses
Ube Industries absorbed Ube Ammonia Industry, Ltd.
Ube Industries and Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation jointly established MU Ionic Solutions Corporation to engage in the electrolyte business, including for lithium-ion rechargeable batteries
Signed an agreement with JGC Corporation to license the process to gasify and chemically recycle waste plastics
Second polycarbonate diol (PCD) production facility started operations in Thailand
Decided to expand the plant for biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride (BPDA), a raw material for polyimide monomer
Ube Industries agreed with several companies to jointly develop supplies and build fueling stations for ammonia marine fuel in Japan
New separator facility started operations
       3

            Masato Izumihara
President & Representative Director CEO
      4

Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
To Our Stakeholders
The UBE Group’s Management Policies
Always Mindful of
Our Social Value
as We Improve Relentlessly in Response to Change
Our efforts amid the COVID-19 pandemic
Maintaining business continuity to serve society while implementing rigorous infection control measures to safeguard employees
We have done our utmost amid the difficulties
of the COVID-19 pandemic to safeguard our employees while adopting teleworking and other new practices.
Over the past year, we have made business continuity a key mission, as stable product supplies are vital to society. For example, our chemicals business has kept up its efforts in manufacturing basic chemicals and plastics
for food packaging films used in everyday living. In the construction materials business, we have continued to manufacture cement while treating a range of household waste, as such efforts are essential. We accepted a government request
to produce intermediates for Avigan®, an antiviral drug offering COVID-19 treatment benefits.
We also recognize that safe manufacturing is vital for employees and the communities in which our plants operate. We have ensured occupational safety by educating and training employees about this while enhancing facilities and extensively producing rules and manuals.
While it will take some time to eliminate the impact of the pandemic, I believe we have positioned ourselves to function well over the past year, with rigorous infection control measures in place.
Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase– progress highlights
Targeting pre-pandemic earnings levels through chemicals business growth
Proactive Measures that Looked Ahead to the Recovery from the Pandemic Helped Us to Capitalize on Recovery Trend
While the pandemic affected us faster and more severely than we initially expected in fiscal 2020, the economy bottomed out in summer 2020, recovering remarkably from fall. Our second-half performance exceeded that of a year earlier as we regained pre-pandemic levels. Our full-year performance was therefore basically in keeping with initial targets, with internal efforts contributing to that result.
Our first move was to establish a structure to swiftly tackle dramatic changes in the business climate. To cite an example, products for the automotive industry change fast when demand declines and turns around. We can’t do much about overall demand shrinking, so we set about building a structure that empowers us to capitalize on demand recoveries. Another effort has been
to lower fixed costs. That’s something we can do internally, and we have been thorough. I would like to express my great appreciation for employees doing so much to adapt to these initiatives while exploring new work approaches amid the huge demand changes we have faced and for all those completing major repairs in the Ube area without
a single COVID-19 infection case. Notwithstanding the pandemic’s impact in
fiscal 2020, we decided to pay cash dividends
5

FY2020 (Results)
Net sales (Billions of yen) 613.8 Operating profit (Billions of yen) 25.9 Ordinary profit (Billions of yen) 23.2 Profit attributable to owners of parent (Billions of yen) 22.9 Return on sales (ROS) 4.2% Return on equity (ROE) 6.6% Total return ratio* 83% Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (1,000 t - CO2e/y) 11,270 Percentage of female managers (Parent company) 2.8%
R&D expenses (Billions of yen) 11.3
* Total return ratio = (Cash dividends + Share repurchase) / Profit attributable to owners of parent
FY2021
Targets rate
Medium-term management plan Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase–
 Achievement
    ¥770.0
80%
55.0
47%
58.0
40%
35.0
66%
7%
60%
10%
66%
more than 30%
—
 Economic Value
               Environmental and Social Value
      6
of ¥90 per share. This is unchanged from the previous fiscal year, and reflects a comprehensive assessment of our shareholder return policy and earnings level. We have additionally implemented a ¥10 billion share repurchase program. We
will continue generating stable shareholder returns in keeping with earnings growth.
Leveraging ICT and Digital Transformation
Key challenges that the UBE Group is tackling under its medium-term management plan are
to harness information and communications technologies (ICT) and develop related human resources. In other words, we seek to digitize our business processes. We are incorporating digital technology in operations under the Smart Factory, Velocity R&D, Digital Marketing, and Digital Management themes.
On the Smart Factory front, we are using sensor technology to stabilize production and predict abnormalities while employing artificial intelligence (AI)-based data to optimize produc- tion. For Velocity R&D, we are using digital tech- nology to accelerate and streamline research and development. For Digital Marketing, we
are using digital technology marketing while enhancing back-office efficiency. With Digital Management, we are using digital technology to swiftly identify operational management informa- tion. These efforts have admittedly yet to trans- form our business model. We will nonetheless keep using digital technology to become more efficient in all sorts of ways.
Policies for Fiscal 2021
Although significant aspects of the business outlook remain uncertain, we believe a recovery will continue throughout the year. Economic stimulus measures in various countries and increasing inoculations underscore that convic- tion. We will seize new opportunities and pursue an earnings level in fiscal 2021 that exceeds that before the pandemic. The chemicals business, which encompasses synthetic rubber, engineering plastics and fine chemicals, specialty products, and pharmaceuticals, will be the principal recovery driver.
While volumes in the synthetic rubber busi- ness have recovered considerably, competition is intensifying. We will therefore spin operations off to run them more dynamically and step up profit- ability management while making businesses more specialized. Also, we plan to start manufac- turing UBEPOL VCR, high-value-added-grade polybutadiene rubber at a Group company facility in Malaysia.
In view of robust automotive sector demand for nylon composites, we will strengthen our engineering plastics and fine chemicals business worldwide by drawing on compounding compa- nies that we acquired in Europe and the United States. We look to optimize our production struc- ture by transferring manufacturing for some nylon grades from Japan to Thailand. We will swiftly explore U.S. production of dimethyl carbonate (DMC) and some other fine chemical products, as the pandemic somewhat delayed planning in that respect.

 In specialty products, demand is solid for polyimide film and varnish, used for the produc- tion of organic electroluminescent panels. Our fiscal 2021 goal is to expand the polyimide business across the polyimide chain. In separa- tion membranes, we will expand our business in biogas applications and other environmental areas.
In pharmaceuticals, fifth pharmaceutical plant was completed in May 2021 in the Ube district. This facility will focus on manufacturing high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) in small lots.
It is also worth noting that plans to integrate our cement business and other businesses with those of Mitsubishi Materials Corporation are progressing as envisaged. Even if domestic demand for cement fails to recover sufficiently, we want to make this integration successful
so that we can generate profits and cash flow as well as realize new growth strategies.
Goals of the Next Medium-Term Management Plan
Fiscal 2021 is the final year of our plan, and
will be important for formulating the successor initiative. The current plan will unfortunately fall considerably short of its numerical goals owing
to dramatic changes in the business climate. We have nevertheless taken steps necessary for growth.
A key assumption for the next medium-term management plan is that society as a whole
will prize sustainability more, notably in terms
of a greater awareness of environmental issues, efforts to foster human resources diversity and better respect human rights, and digitization initiatives. The UBE Group has already commit- ted itself to sustainability management, notably by signing the United Nations Global Compact. As society as a whole experiences significant changes, it will become important for us to determine the business structure and products we should develop and supply and how we should function as a corporate citizen. I believe these factors will shape our next medium-term management plan. So, in that sense, endeavors under our current plan will remain the central focus of its successor, and include environmental initia- tives, efforts to enhance governance, and measures to respect human rights and ensure diversity.
The future society we envisage is already within our sight. The main priority of our next medium-term management plan will be to
The main priority of our next medium-term management plan will be to tackle
the future we see now rather than
the completely unknown.
tackle the future we see now rather than the completely unknown.
ESG at UBE
Engaging in business with greater awareness of environmental issues and contributing to a circular economy
Endeavoring to Become Carbon Neutral by 2050 and Helping Realize a Circular Economy We responded to the Japanese government’s commitment to making the nation carbon neutral by 2050 by striving to reach that target by that year.
It will accordingly be important to conserve energy and tap renewables and improve produc- tion processes. We will also need to adopt a
 7

business structure with less of an environmental impact and develop technologies to capture and immobilize carbon dioxide (CO2) and use it in a cyclical manner.
We seek to provide a range of solutions to contribute to these efforts in any way possible, economic viability being the key to popularization. We will accordingly take various approaches, including open innovation and collaborating
with other entities.
Tackling environmental issues and efforts
to drive our sustainable growth are inextricably linked. We committed to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in April 2020. One distinc- tive edge is that we can provide various carbon-neutral solutions. We will disseminate our commitment to environmental issues
and a circular economy while operating with a greater awareness of them.
Launching Training Program for Female Managers
We believe that human resources diversity directly enhances corporate competitiveness. We are thus endeavoring to increase gender and racial diversity while securing more people with disabilities and elderly individuals.
In recent years, we have focused particularly on hiring more women and tapping their talents. Females nonetheless account for small propor- tions of our workforce and managerial ranks. We therefore launched a program in fiscal 2021 to cultivate female managers. Since the number of female employees is small, we aim to establish role models by encouraging each of those indi- viduals to play active roles in our organization.
Message to stakeholders
Improving internally while remaining constantly aware of our social value
We started out as a coal mining company more than 120 years ago. Since then, we have constantly changed our business structure to respond to changes in the business climate.
One of our principles thereafter was to develop a range of businesses to ensure our survival even if coal were to run out. A year from now, we will integrate our cement business with that of Mitsubishi Materials. Our self-improvement endeavors will not stop there. We must acceler- ate our growth in the chemicals business while constantly reviewing our strategies in that area. In machinery, we must consider the right course for growth in keeping with the nature of that business. There are no set ways to undertake business structure reforms. The main thing
is for each business to pursue independent growth.
It will be important for us to work out how we can deliver the value that society demands and leverage our strengths to that end. We are constantly conscious of our role as a corporate citizen and are always exploring ways to deliver environmental and social solutions and value while considering how best to do business.
Finally, it is worth noting that we decided
to change our trade name to UBE Corporation on April 1, 2022. The goal is to turn a new page in our history as an organization that helps resolve environmental issues, contributes to better living and health, and helps create a more affluent economy by developing businesses globally, centered on chemistry. We look forward to the ongoing support and encouragement of our stakeholders in our endeavors.
July 2021
Masato Izumihara
President & Representative Director CEO
 8

Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Financial Strategy
Using around ¥190 billion in operating cash flow generated across the three years of the medium-term management plan
(total for fiscal 2019 to 2021)
Maintaining Sound Financial Position and Generating Solid Free Cash Flow Despite Adverse Business Climate
In fiscal 2020, demand plunged in the chemicals and machinery businesses, particularly during the first half, owing to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In spite of the recovery in the second half, both revenue and earnings decreased compared with fiscal 2019. Return on sales (ROS) and return on equity (ROE), which are key performance indicators (KPIs), were both down at just 4.2% and 6.6%, respectively. The decrease in ROE was despite a reversal of deferred tax liabilities and other favorable factors.
In fiscal 2021, we look for operating profit to increase to ¥37 billion, with ordinary profit reaching ¥34.5 billion. The prime contributor would be the Chemicals segment, with the prospect for a recov- ery from the pandemic. These figures nonetheless would be below the ¥55 billion in operating profit and ¥58 billion in ordinary profit we targeted for the final year of our medium-term management plan. We project ROS of 6.5% and ROE of 5.8%. These numbers are also short of our targets of 7.0% and 10.0%, respectively, for fiscal 2021. We will need to do more to enhance profitability.
On the upside, we have maintained a sound financial position. Our debt/equity ratio was down only slightly in fiscal 2020, at 0.60 times. At the same time, the equity ratio improved to 46.6%. We strove to overcome a tough business climate by reducing working capital, including inventories. We thereby generated an operating cash flow of ¥66 billion,
not far off the level of a year earlier. We reviewed our capital expenditures for upgrade projects and secured more free cash flow than initially planned.
Financial Strategies for Medium-Term Management Plan (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) Focusing on Growth Investments
Our basic priority under this plan is to strengthen our business growth underpinnings. We are emphasizing efforts to improve earnings stability
Total Return Ratio
and drive growth in the chemicals business. We seek to allocate significant funds for growth invest- ments to generate future cash flows in keeping with a policy of more swiftly expanding specialty businesses in high-value-added areas that draw
on our strengths, including environmentally friendly products and technologies (please see the figure on the left for fund allocations).
In making investment decisions, we factor
in equity costs and the weighted average cost of capital. We base decisions based on internal rates of return, net present value, and other figures during payback periods, as well as on business strategies and other qualitative factors. We have set internal carbon costs and incorpo- rate environmental cost perspectives in our investment decisions.
Aiming to Pay ¥90 in Cash Dividends per Share and Purchase ¥10 Billion in Treasury Stock
The basic stance of our shareholder return policy is to deliver stable and sustainable dividends.
We target a dividend on equity (DOE) ratio of at least 2.5%. We also aim to deliver a consolidated total return ratio of at least 30% under our medium-term management plan.
For fiscal 2020, we decided to pay interim cash dividends of ¥45 per share and an identical year-end amount, for an annual total of ¥90 per share. This is unchanged from the previous fiscal year. The DOE ratio would thus be 2.6%, with
a total return ratio of 40%. Also, we are in the process of repurchasing up to ¥10 billion in treasury stock.
In fiscal 2021, we expect to pay annual cash dividends of ¥90 per share (from interim and year-end payments of ¥45 each). The total return ratio would therefore be 56% during
our medium-term management plan period.
We will continue to maintain a sound financial position, balancing growth investments and expanding shareholder returns.
Masayuki Fujii
Director, Managing Executive Officer, CFO
Structural reform and interest-bearing debt reduction ¥20.0 billion
Shareholder return
¥40.0
billion
Dividends per Share
and other investment
¥130.0 billion
Growth investment
      Capital      investment
  (Yen) 100
90 90
40
2.7
(%) 100
 75
36
25
80
83
2.6
   61
50 50 50 50 50
60
DOE
      50 41 22
36
28
56
2.6
(%) 50 8.0
4.0
 2.6 2.4 2.3 2.1 2.0
2.3
2.6
 0 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020(FY) 0 0.0
Note: The Company consolidated every 10 shares into one share, effective October 1, 2017. Stock prices are adjusted for consolidation.
 9
 
 Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Progress under the Medium-Term Management Plan, Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase–
Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase–
Although our performance has been recovering from the impact of COVID-19, our results will be significantly less than sought for the final year of our medium-term management plan. We initially targeted operating profit of ¥55 billion for fiscal 2021, but we now project just ¥37 billion. We also expect key
Medium-Term Management
Plan indicators will not reach our targets. We are nonetheless
Strengthening the platform for business growth
Basic Strategies
Strengthening the management platform (corporate governance)
  Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase–
making headway with decisive steps in keeping with our
three basic strategies for realizing the 2025 Vision.
Please see the Medium-Term Management Plan section of the UBE Group website for details on Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase–.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/corporate/management/strategy.html
Address and
be part of the solution to resource, energy, and global environmental issues
  Progress and Plan
Results FY2019 FY2020
Billions of yen Plan
FY2021
Before adopting revenue recognition accounting standards, etc.
¥650.0
5.7%
       Key Figures
Key Indicators
¥667.8 34.0 35.7 22.9 5.1% 6.9%
¥613.8
25.9 37.0 23.2 34.5 22.9 21.0
4.2% 6.5% 6.6% 5.8%
Initial plan
¥770.0 55.0 58.0 35.0 7% 10%
Initial plan
¥350.0 330.0 105.0
5.0 (20.0) 770.0
Initial plan
¥32.0 16.5 7.0 0.5
(1.0) 55.0
Net sales
Operating profit
Ordinary profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent Return on sales (ROS)
Return on equity (ROE)
¥570.0
                    Progress and Plan by Segment
 Net Sales
Chemicals Construction Materials Machinery
Others
Adjustment*
Total
Operating Profit
Billions of yen Plan
Results
¥286.0 303.0 90.7 4.5
(16.5) 667.8
FY2019 ¥14.5
14.5
(0.6) (0.3) (0.5) 34.0 25.9 37.0
   FY2019
FY2020
¥259.3 282.8 78.7 3.1
(10.1) 613.8
Results
FY2021
   Before adopting revenue recognition accounting standards, etc.
     ¥280.0 200.0 95.0 3.0
(8.0) 570.0
FY2020 ¥ 8.1
14.7
¥290.0 270.0 95.0 3.0
(8.0) 650.0
Plan
                                 FY2021
    ¥20.5 11.5 Machinery 4.9 2.8 5.0 Others 0.5 0.4 0.5
Chemicals Construction Materials
                    Adjustment* Total
Business Portfolio
• Developing businesses • Active growth
businesses
• Platform businesses
* Includes elimination of inter-segment transactions
            Tyranno Fiber®, lithium titanium oxide (LTO)
  Nylon, fine chemicals, high-performance coatings, synthetic rubber, polyimides, separation membranes, separators
Magnesia and calcia, biomass fuel, resource recycling Caprolactam, industrial chemicals, pharmaceuticals Cement and ready-mixed concrete, energy
Molding machines, industrial machines, steel products
       10

Business Resource Allocation Plan by Portfolio Segmentation and Progress
We expect to invest ¥176.3 billion over three years, compared with a planned ¥205.0 billion, in capital expenditures, investment and loans, and R&D.
Markets have expanded slower than expected owing to the pandemic and other factors. We have accordingly postponed or terminated spending, especially in active growth businesses. Consequently, the total investment amount has not reached the initial plan. We have nonetheless upheld our basic policy of investing primarily in such areas. Under our previous medium-term management plan, active growth busi- nesses accounted for 26% of investments. The projected figure under our current plan is higher, at 29%.
  Developing businesses
Active growth businesses
Platform businesses
Restructuring businesses
Total under the Previous Medium-Term Management Plan FY2016–2018
¥165.0 billion*
4% 3%
26%
Total under Medium-Term
Management Plan
FY2019–2021 FY2020 Results
¥205.0 billion* ¥51.2 billion* 7% 5%
34% 31%
59% 64%
Prospect for Investment over Three Years
¥176.3 billion*
65%
6%
   67%
* Total capital investment, investment and financing (including M&A), and R&D expenses
UBE Group’s Growth Strategies
Chemicals Growth
In April 2022, the cement business will become an equity-method affiliate
Growth Build a resilient business portfolio offering growth potential by shifting to a specialty
We target further growth in the chemicals business
29%
  Approach
chemicals business structure that consumes less energy and is less prone to fluctuations
Please see page 20 for details.
Cement Business Integration
In April 2022, we will integrate all construction materials businesses with the cement business
of Mitsubishi Materials Corporation
The new entity will be Japan’s second-largest cement manufacturer and supplier
  Post-Integration Growth Strategy
Attain sustainable expansion by contributing to social infrastructure development
and a circular economy by intensively investing cash flows from the domestic cement
business in growth fields*
* Overseas cement and ready-mixed concrete businesses and high-performance inorganic materials made from high-quality limestone
Key Measures in Fiscal 2020
• Chemicals • Construction Materials • Machinery
Please see pages 18–19 for details.
 Alliances and Acquisitions
Capacity Upgrades
Reorganizations
• Completed transfer of chemical equipment business from Hitachi Plant Mechanics, Co., Ltd.
• Signed definitive agreement with Mitsubishi Materials Corporation to integrate cement and other
businesses
• Formed joint venture with Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation to establish MU Ionic Solutions
Corporation to offer electrolytes for lithium-ion secondary batteries and other applications • Established stage II of polycarbonate diol (PCD) facilities in Thailand
• Boosted synthetic rubber debottlenecking production in Thailand
• Began construction to raise production of biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride (BPDA), a raw
material for polyimide, in Ube
• Inaugurated separator facility at the Sakai Factory
• Absorbed Ube Ammonia Industry, Ltd.
• Fully integrated injection molding machine business company acquired from Mitsubishi Heavy
  Industries, Ltd. Nagoya Factory started its operation.
 11

Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Key Risks and Opportunities
In pursuing business sustainability
and progress, the UBE Group acknowl- edges threats to the environment’s sustainability and the inherent risks of individual businesses, and recognizes the need to act. It is in keeping with this stance that the Group is extensively managing risks and undertaking initia- tives that can generate new revenue opportunities.
Risk Management Policy and System
The UBE Group implements suitable risk countermeasures after assessing probabilities and impacts that might prevent it from reaching its business objectives in every decision-making process, including in gatherings of the Board of Directors and the Group Strategic Management Meeting. We maintain Growth, Environment, Society, and Governance categories for risks that could particularly affect operations. As a generator of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, the greatest risk we present is environmental. We accordingly endeavor to cut such emissions and expand businesses that help reduce environmental impact in a drive to lower risks while turning
them into opportunities.
We established a Companywide integrated
management system to assess risks and gather
information on probabilities and impacts. We
also set up the Risk Management Department
to centrally oversee related information, and
maintain internal systems to manage the
Group’s risks.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/risk-management/ risk-management.html
Risk Management
Risks with Especially Significant Operational Impacts, Countermeasures, and Opportunities
Category
Growth
Environment
NOX
Major natural •
Risk Items
Risk Overview Examples
    Deterioration of • chemicals
business results
If supplies increase owing to capacity hikes at other com- panies and there is a dramatic change in prices of key raw materials owing to demand balance changes, a smaller price spread between products and raw materials
        • It becomes impossible to secure the required raw materi- als owing to supplier accidents or other occurrences
• It becomes impossible to respond in a timely manner to customer demands for products for which generational changes are swift, causing sales volumes to decline and prices to drop amid intensified competition
• A pandemic causing production to shut down or busi- ness activities to halt would create large financial and opportunity losses
           R&D •
• Approvals for new drugs in the pharmaceutical business
 R&D themes do not proceed as planned, significantly delaying new product development and leading to a cessation in development
      Environmental • issues
SOX CO2 •
are postponed or revoked
Costs increase significantly owing to the introduction of a carbon tax, as the Company has expanded its busi- ness while using coal effectively
If the Company is deemed a laggard in addressing envi- ronmental issues, sales could languish, with corporate value being adversely affected
Natural disasters that are larger than expected cause severe damage to domestic and overseas plants, caus- ing production to halt at manufacturing sites and sales units to become inactive
Large explosions, fires, and leaks occur as a result of facilities accidents or human error at plants that are heavy users of such resources as high-pressure gas and hazardous substances. Such accidents significantly
Inappropriately inspected products are shipped, leading to damage claims and other significant costs
A system shutdown from a cyberattack or other unfore- seen event or critical information leaks, destruction, or other damage causing production to halt, leading to massive compensation claims
Business activities languish because compliance viola-
              Governance
disasters
Major accidents • (Explosions, fires, and leaks)
Product quality • and liability
Information • security
Major compliance • violations
        tions damage credibility
• The Company or its employees violate laws and regulations,
making it subject to legal sanctions and constraints on business activities while undermining its social reputation
   12
   Society
affect the lives, property, and environments of employ- ees and residents, resulting in accident response and recovery spending, opportunity costs, and compensa- tion to customers and residents
• It becomes difficult to secure talented people to improve corporate value
• Vital people leave the Company, including those with experience and expertise
        Difficulties in securing human resources
        
  Please see pages 17–20 of the 115th Securities Report for information regarding other risks and details (in Japanese only)
Countermeasures Opportunities Materiality
     • Apply a pricing formula regime to reflect changing raw materials costs in prices
• Secure sufficient raw materials inventories
• Extensively cut costs and accelerate development
• Accelerate growth of the specialty products business by concentrating operating
resources
• Establish a Crisis Response Committee to prepare response manuals and periodically
review departmental and Group company business continuity planning and to respond flexibly to circumstances
• Concentrate operating resources based on business portfolio, swiftly materializing R&D results and endeavoring to enhance development precision
• Determine management priorities regarding environmental issues, focusing on reducing GHG emissions while developing and popularizing products and technologies that help lower environmental impact and foster a carbon-neutral economy
• Support the recommendations of the TCFD Please see pages 15, 28–29, and
• Announce policy for achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 30–31 for details.
and establish UBE Group Medium-Term Targets to reach those objectives by fiscal 2030
• Suitably highlight waste treatment track record from circular economy perspectives
• Prepare disaster and other response manuals, undertake planned renovations and rein- forcements at manufacturing and other facilities while conducting regular disaster drills
• Leverage risk management systems to identify specific risks and implement countermeasures
• Formulate business continuity plans (BCPs), regularly reviewing them and conducting drills
• Make safety a pivotal shared value for the UBE Group
• Rigorously comply with related laws and ordinances
• Regularly inspect, maintain, and repair facilities
• Secure educated and experienced employees, prepare management manuals, and
• Extensively conserve e
y
•
  Implement reforms to create a business structure in which
   Enhance market competitiveness by staying a step ahead of
        •
products
  Focus on reinforcing active growth businesses and expand-
  ing developing businesses to launch highly competitive new
                      y
• Maximize the use of CO2-free energy
e
n
n
e
e
r
r
g
g
a
a
n
n
d
d
i
i
m
m
p
p
r
r
o
o
v
v
e
ep
p
r
r
o
oc
c
e
e
s
s
s
s
ses
    • Implement reforms to create a business structure in which carbon productivity is high and realize stable growth
• Pursue R&D and commercialization for CO2
          Swift recoveries in the event of wide-ranging disasters will build market trust
        conduct regular disaster drills and environmental safety audits
• Formulate management policies that require respect for individuality and diversity and foster comfortable work environments and provide rewarding jobs
• Enhance work–life balance, improve wages and other terms, and shorten working hours
• Create work environments that are conducive to female employees
Please see pages 53–56 for details.
usage and other technologies
Tackling environmental issues
          •
   •
Attract and retain talented
people
d
  Create new businesses and products that embrace diverse
  perspectives
Hiring and cultivating people who can drive growth and innovation
      • Manage processes, maintain and upgrade facilities, and install suitable measuring equipment
• Create work manuals and educate employees
• Implement extensive measures to prevent inappropriate quality inspection practices that
came to light in 2018 from recurring
• Strengthen the Board of Directors’ governance
• Ensure all employees are quality-conscious
• Continue to educate executives and all members of the Group • Strengthen internal quality management controls
• Bolster quality underpinnings by deploying business resources
• Information Security Committee was established to step up efforts in the following respects:
• Formulate and disseminate related regulations and develop technical measures to detect
and prevent unauthorized intrusions
• Provide security education and training for executives and employees
• Establish Computer Security Incident Response Team to minimize damage from security incidents
• Create and maintain an updated list of key domestic laws and regulations and share information on all laws and regulatory revisions and abolitions
• Identify and formulate measures for laws and regulatory risks using risk management systems
• Provide regular e-learning and training programs for all employees
• Cultivate a corporate culture that rebuilds and maintains credibility and consistently complies with laws and ordi- nances, thereby solidifying growth foundations
Strengthening business foundations
                                            13
  carbon productivity is high and realize stable growth
•
 rivals on the development front
Expanding the chemicals business, centered on active growth businesses
         •
     
  Growth
Expanding the chemicals business,
    centered
 on active
growth
 businesses*
       We are working on structural reform to drive the expansion of active growth businesses and increase their weight in our business portfolio in an effort to build an operating structure that generates stable growth regardless of economic trends and improve profit margins. Active growth businesses encompass many operations that generate minimal GHG emissions, such as specialty chemicals. We look to lower emissions rates by lifting the contributions to sales of such businesses.
* Nylon, fine chemicals, high-performance coat- ings, synthetic rubber, polyimide, separation membranes, separators, magnesia and calcia, biomass fuel, and resource recycling
Please see pages 16–17, 20–21, 28–29, and 34–37 for details.
                                    Society
   People will be the engine of the UBE Group’s growth over the medium and long terms. We will hire more women and foreign nationals while educating employees to cultivate people with diverse values and per- spectives, thereby enabling us to respond swiftly to changes in the business climate and pursue sustainable growth.
Please see pages 53–56 for details.
      Hiring and
  cultivating
  people who can
  drive growth and innovation
     Governance
 Strengthening
 our business
 foundations
     Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Materiality
Materiality within the UBE Group
SDGs Items to Which We Contribute
We comprehensively take into account environmental issues and other Group risks, the global consensus on sustain- able social development, and the Group’s technological capabilities for helping lower environmental impact in identifying and focusing on materiality impacts that affect our sustainable growth.
Consensuses to which we have referred
• Sustainable Development Goals
• United Nations Global Compact
• Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
• Universal Declaration of Human Rights
• Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
• ISO 26000, a global standard for social responsibility • Global Reporting Initiative standards
Determining Materiality
The UBE Group’s materiality encompasses growth as well as ESG factors.
In determining materiality, the Group endeavors to contribute to social progress by employing the following two evaluation axes and reports to the Board of Directors.
Materiality
The UBE Group’s Measures
  Environment
The key environmental challenges for
the UBE Group are to help resolve global warming, address marine plastic waste, safeguard biodiversity, and conserve water resources. We consider it particularly impor- tant to deal with global warming. As well as lowering GHG emissions from our plants, we will help decarbonize the economy through ongoing efforts to cut these emissions across our supply chain.
Please see pages 15–17, 21, 28–31, 42–45, and 62–63 for details.
We have strengthened proactive and reac- tive governance by revamping our corporate philosophy and management principles, transitioning to a Company with Audit & Supervisory Committee, and restructuring the chemicals business. In pursuing prog- ress from these efforts, we will endeavor to strengthen our business foundations for further growth.
Please see pages 42–51 for details.
       ng environmental
issues
T
T
ack
k
l
l
i
i
  Materiality Identification
Helping to safeguard the environment
Environ- mental
Creating a better society
Stable growth of chemicals business
   Social Governance
Innovation and industrial development
  14

  Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Becoming Carbon Neutral by 2050
                   GHG emissions
On April 26, 2021, the UBE Group announced its policy for
achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. As well as striving to
virtually GHG emissions from our operations, we look to help make the economy carbon neutral through product and technology R&D and commercial innovations that contribute to a better environment.
We announced the UBE Group Environmental Vision 2050 in May 2020, and are taking a further step to lower and use of GHG while creating technology and products that pave the way to a carbon-free economy.
1. Pursue carbon-neutral business activities
           0
Contributions
Emission reductions
Carbon offsets
GHG minimization
Innovative technology development
become carbon neutral
1.1 Extensively conserve energy and improve processes
1.2 Maximize the use of CO2-free energy
1.3 Restructure businesses to minimize their
reliance on fossil-based resources
1.4 Pursue R&D and apply technologies that use CO2 and non-fossil-derived resources as raw materials
Carbon Neutral
2.1 Supply products that help reduce CO2 emissions at usage stages
2.2 Help customers reduce supply chain CO2 emissions (supply biopolymers and recycled chemical products)
fiscal 2030 in a drive to become carbon neutral by 2050. See Environmental Issues on pages 62–63 for details. See Delivering Value to Society through Product Lines that Support People, Their Livelihoods, and Our Planet on pages 28–29 for details about our environmentally friendly offerings. See The UBE Group’s Innovation: New Environmental Technologies on page 16 for more information on efforts in that respect.
       2020
2050
2.
Help economy
In April 2020, the UBE Group formulated a unified approach to environmental issues to specifically tackle global warming, marine plastic waste, biodiversity, and water resource conservation.
Our performance benchmarks are to reduce GHG emissions by 17% on a Groupwide basis and 20% in the chemicals business, both compared with fiscal 2013, and also to generate at least 50% of consolidated net sales from envi- ronmentally friendly products and technologies by
15

Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
The UBE Group’s Innovation: New Environmental Technologies
R&D that Contributes to Create Businesses and Help Lower Environmental Impact
The UBE Group pursues R&D to create businesses that will be vital to
its long-term growth. We are committed to cultivating technologies
that help reduce GHG emissions and contribute to sustainable social growth.
   Breakdown of R&D Expenses by Research Theme
R&D expenses: ¥11.3 billion (FY2020)
R&D
The UBE Group’s R&D program encompasses
all four of its business domains—environment and energy, mobility, construction and infrastructure, and healthcare. From fiscal 2021, we will build
on that foundation to undertake R&D that focuses on creating new businesses in five areas. These areas are construction and infrastructure, CO2 and waste plastic utilization, energy management, nature sustainability, and life sciences.
We will increase success rates by enhancing the synthesis, catalyst, processing, and other technologies that we have amassed across the inorganic, organic, and polymer fields or have gained from collaborating with external entities.
In choosing these five areas, we will maintain our specialization approach while becoming even more conscious of the need to tackle environmen- tal issues. In energy management, for example, we aim to contribute to decarbonization by using energy-saving heat insulation and dissipation materials. On the nature sustainability front, we are exploring the use of natural raw materials and techniques to foster efficient plant and animal growth without harming biodiversity.
Addressing CO2 emissions, waste plastics, and other long-term issues should also present new business opportunities. We will readily allocate resources and leverage projects that the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO) commissions to resolve such issues. Here, we will provide details of decarbon- ization projects and plastic recycling initiatives.
We aim to reduce annual CO2 emissions by up
to 200,000 metric tons.
Masayoshi Ota
NEDO Projects
CO2 Utilization Projects Contributing to Decarbonization
Mineral Carbonation
R&D of an Accelerated Mineral Carbonation
Process Utilizing Calcium in Industrial Wastes
• Development team: Ube Industries, Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd., JGC Group, Seikei University, and Tohoku University
• Focus: Use carbonate obtained from reactions between industrial waste with high calcium content and factory CO2 emissions.
•Progress: Theteamisdevelopinglow-energy- consumption carbonate technology and applications for the resulting carbonate and by-products to
build a process that is profitable and has a low environmental impact.
CO2 Electrolysis
Integrated Electrochemical Systems for Scalable CO2 Conversion to Chemical Feedstocks
• Development team: Ube Industries, University of Tokyo, Osaka University, RIKEN, Shimizu Corpora- tion, Chiyoda Corporation, and Furukawa Electric Co., Ltd.
• Focus: Use renewable energy-derived electricity in electrolysis to convert CO2 directly into useful chemical raw materials.
• Progress: The team is developing high-performance electrocatalysts and evaluating CO2 electrolysis to build an electrolysis system that can efficiently and selectively convert CO2 into useful chemical raw materials.
Waste Plastic Recycling
Multilayer Film Recycling
Developing Liquid-Phase Hybrid Recycling
Technologies for Multilayer Plastic Films
Development team: Ube Industries, Tohoku University, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, Keiwa Kogyo Co., Ltd, Tohzai Chemical
 Other 15%
GHG emission reduction
13%
Environmental   preservation 28%
Specialty (Chemicals) 57%
        Senior Executive Officer, General Manager,
Research & Development Div., with responsibility
for development section and Intellectual Property Dept.
Creating New Businesses and
Lowering Environmental Impact through R&D
    16
  
                                                                              List of R&D Themes
    C
nstruction nfrastructure
o
o
n
  a
d Energy Resource and energy
hcare Food, pharmaceuticals,
and sophisticated lifestyles
Environ
conservation and new materials
n
n
nme
n
nt
t
an
d
He
H
th
ea
a
a
al
l
t
t
t
    astructure, living environments, and
smart cities
Construction and Infrastructure
Help extend service lives of infrastructure and buildings
• Peeling prevention technique • High-performance polymer,
cement and mortar materials • Automated installation
• Tile peeling prevention
Construction and Infrastructure
Automobiles, railways, and aerospace
Infr
                         and
waste plastic utilization
CO Contribute to
 2
                   Focus
Themes
Energy management Help decarbonize economy
by developing insulation, heat dissipation technologies to conserve energy
• Radiative cooling materials • Heat spreader
• Advanced thermal
insulation materials
decarbonized economy by developing resource recycling technologies
Nature sustainability Contribute to sustainable
economy through use of natural raw materials and through water- and food-related fields
• Bioplastics
- Bio-based monomers - Silk protein
Life sciences Contribute to medicine
with cell culture technology
• Use cell culture technology
Life Sciences
       mineralization
electrolysis
• Multilayer film recycling
• CO 2
       • CO 2
                Industry Co., Ltd., Tosoh Corporation, Toppan Printing Co., Ltd., and Mitsubishi Engineering-Plastics Corporation
Focus: Treat multilayer (nylon–polyolefin) films at high temperatures with highly pressurized water to recycle decomposed nylon monomer and isolated polyolefins. Progress: Attained target nylon monomer yield after decomposition as a result of initial nylon pellet assess- ment. Currently verifying optimal decomposition treatment for layer composition and crushing for multilayer films.
Using Non-Fossil Raw Materials
Bio-Based Polymer
R&D of Data-Driven Integrated
Biomanufacturing Management System
Development team: Ube Industries, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, and other entities
Focus: Obtain monomer through microbial biomass conversion.
Progress: Designed and constructed prototype microorganisms to produce monomer. From fiscal 2021, looking to shift to R&D using a data-driven integrated biomanufacturing management system (please see note).
Note: This R&D support system accumulates, shares, and uses infor- mation obtained from technological development to drive the adoption of biomanufacturing technologies.
Glossary
*1 IP portfolios: Patents, copyrights, know-how, and other IP that corporations can use to formulate strategies and assess competitiveness
*2 Open/close strategies: Management strategies that give companies competitive edges by making IP open or closed
Environmental Issues / Sustainability
Intellectual Property
The UBE Group’s initiatives to reinforce and opti- mally leverage intellectual property (IP) aim to enable us to create new businesses and bolster competitiveness, thereby helping to build and expand enterprise value.
We seek to maximize our enterprise and IP value by formulating IP strategies according to our business strategies and by implementing the plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle of IP strategy activities. Furthermore, to strengthen IP research and analysis capabilities, we are working to improve operational efficiency, including in R&D departments, by utilizing tools with AI functions and to utilize IP portfolios*1 and open/close strategies*2 while promoting IP activities
that contribute to business revenue. At the
same time, we are promoting global IP management as the UBE Group, and are advancing the sharing of activity policies
and IP information with Group companies
in Japan and overseas.
     17
 
 Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Special Feature: Chemicals Business Growth and Construction Materials Business Integration
 Business
Integration Purpose
UBE and Mitsubishi Materials established UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT CORPORATION as a 50:50 joint venture in 1998, through which they integrated their cement sales and logistics capabilities to cut logistics and back-office expenses.
The operating climate for the domestic cement business has experi- enced dramatic changes, slower demand and significantly higher energy prices being two examples. The two companies thus needed to create a new structure that reinforces their relationship so their cement businesses could grow.
The full integration of the construction materials businesses of the two companies, including production, will pour domestic cement business cash flows into businesses offering growth potential in Japan and abroad. UBE and Mitsubishi Materials should accordingly keep delivering sustainable growth by contributing to social infrastructure development and a circular economy.
Integration
and the new company’s growth prospects. It also explores the goals of the chemicals business, which will become UBE’s sole segment after integration, and the Company’s efforts to become carbon neutral by 2050.
 UBE and Mitsubishi Materials Corporation plan to integrate their cement and related businesses in April 2022. This special feature discusses the reason for this move
  1923
Production starts at Ube Cement Factory
1955
Production begins at Isa Cement Factory
1964
Production starts at Kanda Cement Factory
1998
UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT CORPORATION established
History of UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT
Since its establishment in 1998, UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT has endeavored to maintain stable supplies of cement, which is essential for constructing infrastructure, by leveraging an extensive domestic logistics network. That joint venture ranks second in its industry in Japan in terms of cement sales volume. In view of recently falling cement demand, that company needed to streamline operations to maintain stable supplies.
  Cement Sales Volume
(Thousands of metric tons)
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000
0 1998 2000 2005
Isa Cement Factory (Clinker production capacity of 3.77 million metric tons annually*)
* Source: Japan Cement Association’s Cement Handbook 2020
2010 2015
Exports
Domestic sales
2020 (FY)
                                       1
1
18
8
8
 
            Strengths and Business Model
Strengths of UBE’s cement business
• Large port facilities, coal center, and other infrastructure in Ube area
• Nationwide ready-mixed concrete production and sales network
• Inorganic materials business of Ube Material Industries, Ltd.
Strengths of Mitsubishi Materials’ Cement Business
• Kyushu Plant, with Japan’s largest cement production capacity
• Ample limestone resources at Higashitani Mine • Highly competitive cement and ready-mixed
concrete businesses in the United States
         Combining strengths of two companies with integration benefits
Growth Prospects
In the domestic market, the new entity will endeavor to reinforce its business underpinnings by maximizing synergies to drive efficiency across the entire value chain, including by optimizing the production structure and restructuring sales and logistics for the downstream ready-mixed concrete and other busi- nesses. It will thereby enhance its position by contributing to social infrastruc- ture development and a circular economy. The company will focus resources that domestic cement businesses have on businesses with growth potential in Japan and abroad. These include the overseas cement and ready-mixed concrete businesses and the high-performance inorganic materials business, which employs high-quality limestone.
Through these efforts, UBE and Mitsubishi Materials will pursue sustainable growth by optimizing their business management structures.
     Profile of New Company
Name e e Location Businesses
Capitalization Representatives
Planned business launch date
M Mi it t t s s su u ub b b i i is s sh h h i i U U U B B BE C C Ce e em m m e e en nt t t C C Co o o r rp po o o o r r ra a at t t t i io on n n
Iino Building, 2-1-1, Uchisaiwaicho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Cement and ready-mixed concrete businesses in Japan and overseas, limestone business, energy and environment-related business, construction materials business, and other related business
¥50,000 million
Makoto Koyama, Representative Director, President
Kazuto Hirano, Representative Director, Vice President April 1, 2022
                    Mitsubishi Materials Kyushu Plant
(Clinker production capacity of 6.61 million metric tons annually*)
* Source: Japan Cement Association’s Cement Handbook 2020
19

    Description
•1 Applications
•2 Features
•3 Production structure
 Nylon Composites
•1 Automotive parts, etc.
•2 Technological strengths underpinned by record in supplying automakers and
Japan’s largest nylon supply capacity with inhouse-made
raw materials
•3 Acquired Repol S.L. in Spain in 2019 and Premium
Composite Technology North America, Inc.,
in the United States in 2020 to establish global production and quality assurance structures
Employed in Toyota Mirai’s pressurized hydrogen tank liner
                                    High-Performance Coa
a
t
t
i
i
n
n
g
g
s
s
     Including polycarbonate diol (PCD) and polyurethane dispersion (PUD)
•1 Including automotive interior materials (synthetic leather), paints, and floor coverings •2 Demand growing for eco-friendly coating materials with low volatile organic
compounds (VOCs)* that leverage the high performance of PCD •3 Planning to lift capacity to match demand expansion
      Chemicals Business
Growth
as a chemicals company, transforming its business structure and specializing to shift to a structure that is less energy-intensive and less vulnerable to market fluctuations and building a resilient business portfolio with growth potential. UBE will broaden its global scale and drive the UBE Group’s expansion by allocating resources to priority businesses and products. Among them are fine chemicals, including high-performance coatings, nylon composites, separation membranes and other polyimide-related products, and peripheral fields.
 After integration to create the new company, the cement business will contribute to the UBE Group as an equity-method affiliate by leveraging synergies to enhance profitability. UBE will pursue further growth
      Fine Chemicals
•1 Including lithium-ion battery (LiB) materials, semiconductor materials, raw materials for polyurethane and polyester resins, intermediate raw materials for pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals, and fragrances
•2 Globally and domestically unique specialty offerings including C1 chemical products from proprietary nitrite technology, divalent phenol products, C12 chemical products, and amine products
•3 In C1 chemicals, developing licensing business in China for technology to produce monoethylene glycol from dimethyl oxalate and looking to establish dimethyl carbonate production sites in China and the United States to drive global C1 chemical chain expansion
   Polyimide
•1 COF films for displays, polyimide for flexible circuit boards and flexible display circuit boards
•2 World’s only manufacturer integrating production from biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride
(BPDA) monomers
 Separation Membranes
•1 Separating and recovering CO2, H2, N2, dehumidification, dehydration of bioalcohol, and other gases and vapor
•2 Japan’s sole gas separation membrane manufacturer with a sophisticated separation technology that helps realize a green society
    Glossary
* Volatile organic compounds (VOCs): These organic chemicals evaporate or sublimate easily, entering the atmosphere as gases. They are factors in the forming of suspended particulate matter (PM) and photochemical oxidant pollution.
 20
 
                     • Chemicals Business While creating new technologies through R&D and expanding sales
of environmentally friendly products and technologies, we are rigorously conserving energy and improving processes. Also, we are rebuilding our business structure that does not rely heavily on fossil resources by focusing on specialty chemicals, and are pursuing the following initiatives.
  Domestic plants and domestic Group companies
Overseas Group companies
CO2 emissions cuts
Fiscal 2020 results
• Reduced utility consumption by improving equipment design
• Reduced electricity consumption by removing bottlenecks in the process • Upgraded to energy-saving facilities
• Reduced utility consumption by optimizing operation of a caprolactam plant in Thailand
• Upgraded to energy-saving facilities Approx. 17,300 metric tons
Fiscal 2021 initiatives
 • Increase use of unused utility from other companies
• Upgrade to energy-saving facilities
  • Reduce utility consumption by optimizing operation of a caprolactam plant in Thailand
• Upgrade to energy-saving facilities
  Approx. 9,700 metric tons
    Initiatives to Become Carbon Neutral by 2050
 From fiscal 2022, the UBE Group will shift to a new business structure, with Ube Industries taking on the chemicals business, Mitsubishi UBE Cement Corporation taking on the construction materials business, and UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd. taking on the machinery business. Our operations will continue striving to become carbon neutral in light of the Japanese government’s commitment to such a goal for the nation overall. Please see page 15 for details.
• Construction Materials Company We invested heavily in waste heat power generation facili- ties that became operational at the Isa Factory in January 2020 and high-efficiency clinker coolers that should go online at the Kanda Factory in fiscal 2022. We are also continuing to undertake decarbonization initiatives, such as to step up the use of plastic and other wastes as thermal and energy alternatives. We set up the cross-company Global Warming Countermeasures Project organization in April 2021, and are accelerating the assessment of efforts to attain carbon neutrality. At the same time, we are implementing the following initiatives.
        Fiscal 2020 results
• Converted clinker cooler bag filter exhaust fans to inverter setups at Isa Factory
• Upgraded to energy-saving facilities
• Increased use of biomass fuel for indepen- dent power producer (IPP) setup
• Upgraded to energy-saving facilities Approx. 94,200 metric tons
Fiscal 2021 initiatives
  Cement factories
Power plants
CO2 emissions cuts
• Rationalization of cement crushing process at Kanda Factory
• Upgrade to energy-saving facilities
  • Upgrade to energy-saving facilities
  Approx. 10,300 metric tons
    • Machinery Company Each unit in the Machinery Company is focusing on developing products that help conserve the environment and is also working on providing services that leverage existing facilities.
In the steelmaking business, we are also expanding environmental recycling operations, notably to completely melt and process industrial and medical waste in manufacturing processes.
On top of contributions to society overall, we are undertaking the following initiatives.
 Fiscal 2020 results
• Ube Steel: Reduced fuel consumption by upgrading preheaters
• Upgraded to energy-saving facilities Approx. 800 metric tons
Fiscal 2021 initiatives
  • Ube Steel: Reduce fuel consumption by upgrading preheaters
• Upgrade to energy-saving facilities
  CO2 emissions cuts
Approx. 600 metric tons
  21
 
    Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
The UBE Group’s Evolution
1897
Calendar year
1897 1942
End of Oil fields discovered World War II throughout
the Middle East
    The UBE Group started out in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture, as a coal mining operation.
    Business overall
1951 ● Opened the Central Research Laboratory 1968 ● Opened Polymer Research Laboratory (then)
1950
1960 1970 1980
    Business
expansion since
establishment and modernization
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) established
High growth period: Entering the petrochemicals field and closing coal mines
As oil replaced coal as the prime source of energy, we invested extensively in various ways, including to enter the petrochemicals business and switch raw materials and fuels. The curtains began to come down on our coal business, the Group’s founding business.
The first and second oil shocks
Responding to the oil shocks
Amid the crises stemming from the
oil shocks, we became the first in our industry to resume using coal and developed new technologies while eliminating unprofitable facilities and otherwise pushing ahead with reforms to overcome challenges.
Postwar reconstruction
We worked energetically to recover from the devastation of war by reconstructing and expanding operations while striving to rebuild living standards and modernize amid society’s reconstruction.
  1949 ● Listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange 1942 ● Established Ube Industries, Ltd.
1945 ● Focused on raising ammonium sulfate production Tackling postwar food shortages
1955 ● —
Expanding the chemicals business
 Chemicals
1962 ● Foreign currency borrowing and syndicated loans Expanded funding demand
1973 ● Began producing catechol with a new process
Developed new production
technique in line with shift from
oil to coal as ammonia gas source Diversified into fine chemical products
                      Expanded caprolactam, nylon, polyethylene, acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, polypropylene, and synthetic rubber businesses
     1933 ●
Ube Nitrogen Industry, Ltd., established Producing ammonium sulfate fertilizer from coal
1960 ● Switched from
coal to oil as ammonia gas source Responded to energy revolution
1961 ● Started full-scale use of heavy oil for the Ube Cement Factory kilns Responded to energy revolution
1961 ● Built the first postwar cement tanker “KIYOYASU MARU” (largest at that time) Followed by building of several large
cement tankers and expanding cement business nationwide by constructing
logistic centers around the nation
1980 ● — Started full-scale pharmaceutical research Completed the first general purpose factory
1974 ● Resumed coal co-firing at the Ube Cement Factory and the Kanda Cement Factory Responded to the first oil shock
1980 ● Completed Okinoyama Coal Center Restarted the coal business
   Construction Materials
 1923 ● Ube Cement Production, Ltd., established Tapped the region’s abundant limestone resources
1946 ● Started developing limestone mine in Isa (production began in 1955)
1897
● Okinoyama Coal Mine set up UBE Group’s founding business
Machinery
1977 ● Closed last coal mine Ended our founding business
 1947 ● Focused on boosting coal production Increased coal production to overcome postwar energy shortages
1964 ● Inaugurated
production at the Kanda Cement Factory Expanded and reinforced the cement business
1975 ● Completed Ube-Mine Highway Road
(now Dedicated Ube Industries Road)
 1953 ● Delivered first water screening equipment
      1914 ● Established Ube Shinkawa Iron Works Started the manufacture and maintenance
of coal mining machinery
1954 ● Started sales of vertical mills
1962 ● Delivered first die-casting machine 1967 ● Delivered first
injection molding machine
1960 1970
         1946–1949 Irregular settlement
                          Calendar year 1942 Six-month settlement
Irregular settlement
Irregular 1950 settlement
Switch to new yen
1980
 22

   Climate change, the COVID-19 pandemic, and other global emergencies have heightened the need for change to tackle crises and become sustainable.
 The UBE Group has devoted its 124 years to transform itself to overcome crises and innovate products that support the cutting edge of the times.
1990 2000
2010 2020
  The Plaza Burst of Japan’s Accord bubble economy
Asian currency crisis
Climate change issues
   Transforming the business structure and restructuring management
The yen’s appreciation and recession following the oil crises forced us to rationalize operations in various ways, and we steadily developed technologies and expanded our business to build the foundation
of the specialty business.
1984 ● Paid no dividends for the first time
1983 ● —
Developed specialty business Including polyimide, separation membranes, silicon nitride, DMC, PCD, and battery materials
1984 ● Switched from oil to coal as ammonia gas source Responded to the oil crisis
1982 ● Operated coal-fired private power plants
Responded to the second oil shock
1985 ● Expanded the Okinoyama Coal Center and port facility capacity Met rising coal demand
1982 ● Completed Kosan-Ohashi Highway Bridge
Irregular settlement
Lehman Shock
Entering a new stage, with the aim of sustainable growth
We responded to such paradigm shifts as the rise of emerging economies and growing environmental concerns by developing new strategies for growth, including through external collaborations
and by tackling environmental issues.
2009 ● Established Global Warming Countermeasures Promotion Office (then) Responded to growing environmental concerns
Financial Restructuring
We tackled an unprecedented crisis after Japan’s bubble economy burst by pursuing ongoing efforts to improve our vulnerable financial structure and reinforce Group management, thereby building a stable earnings base.
1999 ● Deployed first consolidated medium-term management plan
Net Sales
(Millions of yen)
700,000
       2016 ●
Opened the Osaka Research & Development Center
600,000
2011 ● —
Grew by collaborating with other companies Strengthened competitiveness through
collaboration in such areas as separators
(Maxell Holdings, Ltd.),
polyimide (Samsung Group),
acrylonitrile butadiene styrene
(JSR Corporation and Mitsubishi Rayon Co., Ltd.), 500,000 and electrolytes (Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation)
    2006 ●
Made first public share offering
                         1993 ● Spain
Completed caprolactam
production structure covering three regions
2001 ● Transferred the polypropylene business to Mitsui Chemicals, Inc.
1997 ● Thailand
           1996 ● Switched from coal to petcoke as ammonia gas source 1995 ● Started to handle the waste from local municipality
Contributing to environment by resource recycling
1996 ● Built the state-of-the-art NSP kilns at the Ube Cement Factory
Increased competitiveness
1998 ● Established
UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT CORPORATION Integrated sales and logistics divisions of both UBE and Mitsubishi Materials Corporation to remain competitive under the dwindling domestic demand for cement
2002 ● Developed biomass fuel Helped reduce environmental impact
1999 ● Established UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd. Pursued more dynamic business management structure
1996 ● Started sales of air supportive conveyors
2000 2010
2014 ● Shut down caprolactam
facility at the Sakai Factory
Switched strategy in response to facilities expansion in emerging countries
 400,000
300,000
2014 ● Launched megasolar operations Produced renewable energy
200,000
2013 ● Integrated service business affiliates Strengthened service business
2017 ● Injection molding 100,000 machinery business of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd., became a subsidiary
of UBE Machinery
Expanded product lineup and sales channels
  2020 ● Announced business integration with Mitsubishi Materials Corporation Integrated completely including manufacturing to establish an optimal operational framework, thereby aiming to realize sustainable growth
                                                                    Non-consolidated settlement
Consolidated settlement
1990
2020 0
    23

               Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
The UBE Group’s Business Model
to ensure cost competitiveness. However, each business segment runs independently. We are building a business model that can generate sustainable value by swiftly addressing changes.
   n materials, and machinery business segments share such infrastructure as power plants and ports
The UBE Group concentrates its manufacturing facilities in the Ube area. Its chemicals, construct
t
i
i
o
o
   Chemicals
Role and positioning: Boost earnings stability and drive Groupwide growth Resource allocations: Capital expenditures Approx.¥20.5 billion
Active growth businesses Approx.¥8.0 billion
R&D expenses Approx.¥10.0 billion Employees 5,132
We have progressed over the years by sophis-
ticating synthetics technolo- gies cultivated through the
   Resource allocations: Capital expenditures Approx.¥14.0 billion Active growth businesses Approx.¥3.5 billion
reserves of coal and on limestone from Ube’s surrounding areas. We are endeavor- ing to maximize profitability by drawing on com-
Strength
Free cash flow Approx.¥15.0 billion Employees 3,269
manufacturing of fertilizer from coal to supply products that match
contemporary needs. Our broad lineup extends from nylon and synthetic rubber
to such advanced offerings as separators, polyimide, and separation membranes,
as well as environmentally friendly high-performance coatings.
We also maintain drug dis- covery and contract
pharmaceuticals.
We started out with
coal mining machinery and
refined our production technol- ogies by manufacturing essential
machinery for the cement and chemi- cals businesses. We make injection mold- ing machines and die-casting machines that we supply to automobile manufacturers around
the world, as well as such other offerings as transportation machinery, crusher equip-
ment, and bridges. We also maintain machinery maintenance and improve-
ment services. Advanced proprie- tary technologies underpin
our high reputation.
Machinery
Role and positioning: Undertake operations that match business chara
  Construction Materials
Role and positioning: Generate consistent profits and cash flows and expand new businesses
Here, we progressed by focusing on the cement, cal-
cia, and magnesia businesses by drawing on the Ube area’s abundant
  Infrastructure
Enhance productivity by sharing infrastructure
Tap steam from a thermal power plant and waste heat from cement plants
Located favorably owing to its limestone, water resources, port, and other features
prehensive strengths with Group companies in such areas as manufacturing ready-mixed concrete,
transporting cement, and sales. We have devel- oped numerous building materials products
that draw on our chemicals business knowledge. The Construction Materi-
als Company underpins social infrastructure and lifestyles.
Energy Business
(Construction Materials Company)
We supply power and other resources to plants and offices in the Ube region. At the
same time, we are endeavoring to reduce our environmental footprint through solar power,
biomass, and other energy sources.
                          ac
c
cteristics
       and enhance business Resource allocations: Capital expenditures Approx.¥5.0 billio
v
alue
v
 Key Facilities in the Ube Area
Chemicals Construction Materials Machinery
n Employees 1,872
o
n
                          UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd.
Ube Cement Factory
US Power Co., Ltd. Megasolar power plant
                           Thermal power plant
Ube Material Industries, Ltd. (Plant 1)
Ube Chemical Factory
Strategic Core Technology Research Laboratory Pharmaceuticals Research Laboratory
       UBE-Fujimagari Factory
           UBE Steel Co., Ltd. Ube Head Office
      24
   
               Strength
Our people
Please see pages 53–56
for details.
       Addressing Environmental Issues
Sustainable Growth
  Reduce GHG emissions
Create and expand businesses that contribute to the environment
 •Diversity
•Pleasant working environment
Pursue the SDGs
Declare support for TCFD
 Motivated people with integrity
All employees are fully committed to collaborating and focusing
on resolving tasks.
Strategies Employing Our Strengths
Concentrating operational resources on active growth businesses
  Strength
Technological capabilities
Please see pages 16–17
and 28–29 for details.
a. Cultivate high-value-added products b. Further globalize
c. Strengthen proposal-based businesses d. Undertake timely capital investments
e. Strengthen sales structure Business-Specific Strategies
Strategies employing our strengths
● Synthetic rubber a. b. c. d. High added value and capacity expansion
            Synthetics technologies: We started out by employing coal, which is difficult to use as a chemicals raw material, and amassed synthetics technologies that we have leveraged in environmentally friendly product
Medium-Term Growth Areas
Creating new businesses in four priority areas:
Mobility
Automobiles, railways, and
aerospace
Healthcare
Food, pharmaceuticals,
and sophisticated lifestyles
                   ● Separation membranes Sales force reinforcement and sales
b. c. e.
      development.
Strength
expansion
● Separators High quality
● Nylon
Composites business expansion
a. c. d.
a. b. c.
       .
      (Osaka Research & Development Center)
 Our solid customer base
(Development centers in Thailand and Spain)
           ● Fine chemicals
C1 chemicals deployment in
North America
● High-performance coatings Global sales expansion and
technological development
● Magnesia, calcia
High added value and capacity expansion
● Biomass fuel c. e. Stable production and expanded usage
● Resource recycling a. c. d. e. New business creation and expansion
of environmental materials sales
b. c.
a. b. c. d. e.
        Construction and Infrastructure
Infrastructure, living environments, and smart cities
     a. d.
    Environment and Energy
      Resource and energy conservation, and new materials
   ● Polyimide c. d. Capacity expansion and application
development
25

  Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
The UBE Group’s Value Creation Process
  The UBE Group evaluates the risks and opportuni
ies of enviro
helping to realize social sustainability in our drive to g
Changes in operating climate
Climate change and other environmental issues
Toward a sustainable economy
COVID-19 pandemic and other global outbreaks, increasing incidence of natural disasters and aging infrastructure
Changing behavioral patterns to prevent infec- tions and contain spreads
Enhancing national resilience and rebuilding infrastructure to prevent and reduce disasters
Population growth
in emerging nations, expansion of middle class, and urbanization
Food, water, resources, infrastructure, and energy shortages
Aging populations in developed nations
Diversifying work practices and accelerating globalization
Providing more opportuni- ties for female employees
Fostering diversity Cultivating global talent
Digital transformation
New business model Enhanced productivity Accelerated R&D
Materiality
t
t
 business climate to identify materiality. We then pla
and impl
ment management strategies and deliver products
FY2020
Capital components of enterprise value
and solutions, thereby delivering real value to societ
kling the negative impacts of climate change and
a
n
n
e
t
y
y
while tack
g
stainable growth.
enerate su
e
  s
         Financial Capital
Underpinning enterprise value with a sound financial position
Equity Capital ¥332.3 billion*
* As of April 1, 2020 Please see page 9 for details.
         Manufacturing Capital
Infrastructure, businesses, human resources, and expertise concentrated
in the Ube area 5 sites in Japan
4 sites overseas
Please see pages 24–25 for details.
Please see page 14 for details.
   Enhanced financial position
Risks and Opportunities Please see pages 12–13 and 34–41 for details.
Strength
Our people
Creative Technologies
and Innovative
Manufacturing
Capabilities
Strength
Technological capabilities
              Performance
Please see pages 32–33 and 66–67 for details.
Bedrock of value creation
Management Philosophy
      Pursue technology and the future and
   26
Human Capital
Respecting diverse people and values
Please see pages 53–56 for details.
  Intellectual Capital
Broad technological foundations
R&D Expenses ¥11.3 billion
Please see pages 16–17 for details.
  Social Capital
Emphasizing stakeholder engagement Number of one-on-one meetings with investorsinfiscal2020 Approx.200
Regional Responsible Care (RC) engagement Since 1997
Please see pages 28–29, 42–45, 50, 52, and 57 for details.
  Natural Capital
Lowering environmental impact
Abundant water resources (Yamaguchi Prefecture)
Products and technologies that contribute to the environment
Please see pages 15–17, 30–31, and 60–64 for details.
             
    Vision for 2025
Vision UBE 2025
Medium-Term Management Plan
“Vision UBE 2025 –Prime Phase–”
Strategy and Resource Allocation
Please see pages 10–11 for details.
Generating value
Profit before
Income Taxes ¥22.4 billion
     Free
Cash Flow ¥26.6 billion
 Strength
Our solid customer base
Strength
Infrastructure
   ROE 6.6% ROE 3.7%
       Number of People
Who Are Newly Qualified*
that Underpin Front-Line Capabilities 76
* High-pressure gas manufacturing and maintenance managers (Chemicals) Authorized concrete engineers Authorized chief concrete engineers (Construction Materials)
Certified skilled professionals (Machinery)
       Number of Patents
Granted 194* * FY2019
       Percentage of Consolidated Sales Derived from Environmentally
Friendly Products 30%
        ESG
Products and Solutions
Please see pages 28–29 and 34–41 for details.
Please see pages 15–17, 28–31 and 46–65 for details.
Savings from
Resource Reuse
and Energy
Conservation ¥5.8 billion
      embrace innovation to create value for contribute to social progress
      Capital reinjections into new value creation
FY2020
Impact on capital
components of enterprise value
Value provided to society
Product Lines that Support People, Their Livelihoods, and Our Planet
Contributing to a Circular Economy
  Addressing environmental issues
Developing technologies to use CO2 and waste plastic utilization, manage energy, and use natural raw materials
Please see pages 16–17 for details.
Providing environmentally
friendly products and solutions (including lithium-ion batteries, eco-tires, and lightweight automotive materials)
Please see pages 28–29 for details.
Please see pages 62–64 for more information about our efforts to address environmental issues.
Addressing healthcare and food issues
Contributing to health, food hygiene, and food production
(such as in terms of pharmaceuticals, food packaging films and fertilizers)
Contributing to a circular economy
Recycling resources
(using waste as raw materials for cement and steelmaking) Developing technologies to use CO2 and waste plastics
Please see pages 16–17, 30–31, 41, and 64 for details.
Maintaining and rebuilding lifestyle infrastructure
Manufacturing, sales, and technological development for cement and
repair and renovation materials
Manufacturing, sales, and technological development, including for industrial machinery and bridges
Please see pages 17 and 38–41 for details.
Contributing to regional communities
Creating jobs, paying taxes, engaging in regional development and helping conserve regional environments
Please see pages 60–63 for details.
SDGs initiatives
                   27
 
                                                Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Delivering Value to Society through Product Lines that Support People, Their Livelihoods, and Our Planet
The UBE Group’s product lines are being used in various
aspects of society. Many of our products and technologies contribute to conservation. Our ongoing product and
technology development enables us to achieve sustainable growth.
 Integrated Report 2020 (Year ended March 31, 2020)
Social Essentials
Our core chemicals and construction materials businesses mainly make materials that are indis- pensable for supporting people, their livelihoods,
and our planet. We also manufacture an array of machinery that is vital for automobiles and other products and for infrastructure. Our offerings are invisible to most people but they are nonetheless
 Numerical targets, initiatives, existing products, and technology development projects related to four environmental issue categories
Environmentally friendly products and technologies to account for more than 50% of consolidated net sales by fiscal 2030
    Objectives and initiatives
Existing products and technologies
• Chemicals: Including synthetic rubber (for tires),
nylon (for automobiles), ammonia (for fuel), polyimide, liquefied carbon dioxide, curing agents for powder paints (helps reduce VOCs), inverter capacitor materials, separators, separation membranes, silicon nitride, and
®
pellets, MOS-HIGE, and calcium carbonate
• Machinery: Including energy-saving injection molding machines, extrusion presses, and air supportive conveyors
Providing (developing) materials, products, and technologies
mineralization and electrolysis, heat dissipation composite, radiative cooling, and high-performance insula- tion materials
Multilayer film recycling, mate- rials from waste plastics, and nylon recycling technology
Bio-derived polymers and silk protein
         Global warming
Marine plastic waste
Biodiversity
Water resource conservation
Providing materials and products that help reduce and recover GHG emissions
Develop and supply materials and products that help resolve this issue
Contribute to a healthier environment and conserve biodiversity through business
Help conserve water resources by properly using and managing water
CO
  2
               Tyranno Fiber
• Construction materials: Including torrefied
               ®, Heliotropin, high-purity chemicals, nylon (for food packaging applica-
• Chemicals: Heliofresh
tions), high-performance coating materials,
  and ammonium sulfate
• Construction materials: Magnesium hydroxide
(slurry)
               Synthetic rubber: Helping enhance fuel efficiency
Nylon:
Helping conserve energy by lightening vehicles and
emissions while
Timeline for generating more than 50% of consolidated net sales from environmentally friendly products and technologies by fiscal 2030
emissions applications
and reduce CO
2020 to 2025
• Increases from existing contributory offerings
(including nylon composites, synthetic rubber, polyimides, separation 50%
 2 through vehicle tire
Sales ratio
30% 2020
   membranes, and battery materials)
• Energy management materials
(including heat dissipation composite, radiative cooling, and high-performance insulation materials)
2025 to 2030 New business growth
2030
 28
reducing CO
• Develop markets for energy management materials (including heat dissipation composite, radiative cooling, and high-performance insulation materials), CO2 usage (including CO2 mineralization),
EV and FCV materials (lightweight and other materials), and advanced batteries
• Develop markets for waste plastic recycling technologies (including recycled waste plastic materials and nylon recycling)
• Develop markets for nature sustainability technologies (including using natural raw materials)
Year
 2
contributing to lower food
losses through food packaging materials that store contents hygienically

    central to innumerable end products that contribute to better living and social progress.
Integrated Report 2020 explained the importance of our businesses for society in each business segment. This year’s report focuses on our environmentally friendly products and technologies.
Setting New Targets to Help Resolve Environmental Issues
As well as the announcement of its policy for achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 to take a further step to address environmental issues, the UBE Group also looks for environmentally friendly products and technologies to account for more than 50% of consolidated net sales by fiscal 2030.
We have categorized environmental issues in terms of (1) global warming, (2) marine plastic waste, (3) biodiversity, and (4) water resource conservation.
Environmentally Friendly Products
and Technologies
We have formulated environmentally friendly product and technology guidelines encompassing the four categories above in keeping with a section of ISO 14001:2015 that describes the environmental impacts of organizations. We view tackling environmental issues as an opportunity, and will help resolve those problems by selling more environmentally friendly products and technologies.
Tackling Environmental Issues and Pursuing Sustainable Growth
The UBE Group’s product lines are indispensable to society. Our environmentally friendly products and technologies in particular create value that leads to a sustainable social future. Also, those products and technologies are active growth businesses, our growth drivers. Our efforts to help resolve global warming and other issues through our offerings make it possible for us to grow sustainably and that is the role we should play as a materials manufacturer.
Criteria for assessing environmentally friendly products and technologies
Contamination prevention
• Help reduce, mitigate, and capture atmospheric emissions • Help reduce, mitigate, and recover wastewater
• Help reduce, mitigate, and recycle waste
• Help reduce usage and disposal of toxic and hazardous
chemicals, mitigate use, and contribute to recovery • Contribute to other identifiable pollution reductions
and mitigation
Sustainable resource usage
• Help enhance energy efficiency
• Help conserve and reclaim water
• Help reduce water use and access and contribute to usage
mitigation, recovery, and reuse
• Help improve materials usage efficiency, usage reductions,
and reuse
• Help minimize product resource requirements
Climate change mitigation and adaption
• Help reduce, mitigate, and capture CO2 emissions
• Help reduce, mitigate, and capture methane emissions
• Help reduce, mitigate, and capture nitrous oxide emissions • Help reduce, mitigate, and capture GHG emissions from
human activities
• Help mitigate and adapt to temperature rises
• Help mitigate and adapt to rainfall trend changes
• Help control and adapt to frequently abnormal weather
• Help control, tackle, or adapt to sea level rises
• Help control and resolve worsening water shortages
• Help protect, maintain, and restore ecosystems
• Help reduce or avoid damage to agriculture and fisheries
Environmental protection and biodiversity and natural habitat restoration
• Help evaluate and protect biodiversity
• Help assess, protect, and restore ecosystem services
• Contribute to sustainable land and natural resources use
• Help foster environmentally friendly urban and rural development
Lithium-ion
battery separators: Helping reduce fossil resource consumption and
CO2 emissions through use in hydrogen, electric, and other advanced vehicles
Separation membranes:
Helping lower fossil resource use through biofuels refining and FCV applications
Torrefied pellets:
As biomass fuel, helping reduce fossil resource consumption and CO2 emissions from thermal power generation
      29

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Delivering Value to Society by Contributing to a Circular Economy
Progress with efforts to tackle environmental issues has heightened social interest in the environmental advantages of a circular economy over those of the “3Rs” (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle). Such an economy circulates
Circular Economy resources without producing waste because it positions products and raw materials as new resources. These products and raw materials used to be discarded without use in conventional economic systems, which are about take (mining resources), make (producing), and waste (throwing away).
The UBE Group contributes greatly to realizing a circular economy. In this report, we present our efforts in that regard in the Construction Materials and Chemicals segments.
               Use
Transport
 Soil from construction
Woodchips
Limestone, Clay, Silica, and Iron
Cement Industry
     Mat
ials
R
aw
R
R
Manufacture
te
e
e
e
e
e
r
Dispose
  e
e
r
r
r
r
r
r
i
r
r
r
  Raw
Mate
Manufacture
Chemical Industry
Transport
* Refuse-derived fuel (RDF): A solidified fuel made of waste plastics, woodchips, and household waste
i
i
i
a
a
a
a
als
 Raw materials mill
Kiln
Waste and By-Products Reused
Finishing mill
By-Products
By-product gypsum Blast furnace slag
  Used as Materials
Coal ash Sludge Slag Others
Alternative Fuel
Waste plastics RDF*
Recycled oil, etc.
                                                                                                                                               Use
Dispose
Sewage sludge
       Sewage treatment plant
Homes and offices
Waste plastics
Waste incineration
facility
Incinerated Preprocessing ash ash
Intermediate processing facility for incinerated ash
   30
Glossary

      Reincarnations as Raw Materials for Cement and Thermal Energy
The ultimate circular economy would recycle raw materials without generating waste. Societies have yet to become fully carbon neutral, however, necessitating huge volumes of new resources and energy to restore materials to their raw states. UBE accordingly uses waste that is
hard to recycle as materials or for chemicals as raw materials for valuable cement or as thermal energy alternatives.
Waste is used as raw materials for cement and thermal energy in a kiln at 1,450 ̊C and the ash from incineration is taken for use in cement, thereby no waste is produced. The cement sector is indispensable for realizing a circular economy.
Discarded waste from other industries can also serve as raw materials and thermal energy and support daily living as cement.
Decomposing Composite Plastics to Recover and Reuse Important Elements
We develop a range of technologies in the Chemi- cals segment to help realize a circular economy. Technologies for tapping CO2 and waste plastics and bioplastics manufacturing techniques are good examples.
One UBE advantage has been to develop recycling technology for multilayer films that are vital for food packaging.
This is an advanced hybrid recycling technol- ogy comprising a technology to recycle chemicals in polyolefin/nylon multilayer films by breaking down the nylon to return it to a monomer state and a material recycling technology to recycle
the remaining polyolefin.
Recycling multilayer films and other composite plastics presents many technical and economic challenges. It is difficult, for example, to separate multiple components, and there is a need to develop innovative technologies.
We seek to help realize a circular economy by pushing ahead with research and applying the knowledge we acquire.
Polyethylene
Nylon-6 Decomposes into a monomer
                                           Example of Multilayer Film Recycling
In the Chemicals segment, we are developing a multilayer film recycling technology that is vital for realizing a circular economy.
2. Composite materials treatment in water under special conditions
3. Separation into polyolefin and nylon monomer
       1. Polyolefin/nylon composites (mainly multilayer films)
4. Polyolefin/nylon monomer: Reusage
                    Use
Dispose
Automotive Industry
Transport
Manufacture
                                                   Blast furnace slag Slag
Raw Materials
R
R
    Ironworks
31

  Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Overview
Net Sales
(Billions of yen) 730.1
667.8
324.2
Consolidated net sales declined in fiscal 2020, reflecting economic stagnation as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This situation hit the chemicals and machinery businesses particularly hard, with demand plunging in the first half
of the year. Market conditions for chemicals deteriorated. Operating profit and ordinary profit were both down owing to deteriorating chemicals market conditions and scheduled ammonia production plant repairs, offsetting the impacts of lower prices for coal and other thermal energy and savings from controlling expenses. Profit attributable to owners of parent was basically unchanged from a year earlier, one factor being lower tax expenses from a reversal of deferred tax liabilities.
The graphs on this page show consolidated net sales and operating profit.
  321.0
613.8
286.0
      Chemicals 259.3
Operating Profit
(Billions of yen)
44.5
34.0 24.6
                 303.0
Construction Materials 282.8
14.5
14.5
4.9
0.5 (0.6)
25.9
                                                                         97.2
4.9 (17.3)
90.7
4.5 (16.5)
Machinery 78.7
Others 3.1
Elimination & Corporate (10.1)
14.4
5.4
0.8 (0.7)
Chemicals
8.1
Construction Materials 14.7
Machinery
2.8
Others 0.4
Elimination & Corporate (0.3)
  32
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
2018
2019
2020 (FY)

 • Chemicals Fiscal Year
Sales Operating Profit
Revenues and earnings down
shipments of these offerings and those manufac- tured under contract.
Chemicals segment revenues and earnings were down overall owing to lower volumes and prices because of the pandemic and other factors, as well as because of a biennial ammonia production plant repairs.
Billions of yen
2018 2019 2020
¥324.2 ¥286.0 ¥259.3 24.6 14.5 8.1
Change from FY2019
(9.3)% (43.7)%
    Engineering Plastics & Fine Chemicals Businesses
• Caprolactam sales decreased because prices dropped owing to downturns in the markets for benzene and other raw materials because of the pandemic and other factors.
• In nylon, automotive demand recovered in the second half after dropping in the first half as a result of the pandemic. Sales were nonetheless down because of weaker lactam market conditions.
• In industrial chemicals, sales decreased due to a decline in both production and shipments as a result of the implementation of biennial sched- uled repairs at the ammonia production plant and other factors.
• Fine chemicals shipments were generally solid but sales were down owing to reduced demand in some automotive applications because of the pandemic.
Engineering plastics & fine chemicals businesses posted lower revenues and earnings overall because of biennial ammonia production plant repairs and decreased prices as a result of the pandemic.
Synthetic Rubber Businesses
• Shipments of tires recovered in the second half of the year after plummeting in the first half because of the pandemic, and revenues and earnings decreased amid product market downturns.
Specialty Products Businesses
• Battery materials business sales decreased due to reduced volumes amid intensifying competi- tion in the Chinese market and lower automotive demand due to the pandemic. We transferred the electrolytes business to an equity-method affiliate in the second half of the year.
• Polyimide business sales were up on steady volumes of COF films for displays and higher varnish volumes for organic electroluminescent panels owing to expanding demand.
Specialty products businesses earnings were up despite lower revenues, reflecting polyimide business contributions.
Pharmaceutical Businesses
• Royalty income from drugs developed by UBE were unchanged from a year earlier, revenues and earnings were down amid decreased
Revenues down and earnings up
 • Construction Materials
Billions of yen
Change from FY2019
(6.7)% 1.2%
 Fiscal Year
Sales Operating Profit
2018 2019 2020 ¥321.0 ¥303.0 ¥282.8 14.4 14.5 14.7
   • Sales of cement and ready-mixed concrete increased because of the absorption merger by a consolidated subsidiary of a non-consolidated subsidiary, offsetting the impacts of a public works downturn owing to the pandemic and construction suspensions, primarily by leading general contractors.
• Sales of calcia and magnesia were down from lower volumes for quicklime for steel and magne- sia for steel and electric power.
• In the energy business, sales decreased because of declining coal volumes and prices.
Construction materials segment revenues were down while earnings were up. This was because the impacts of lower coal and other thermal energy prices and higher prices for surplus energy greatly offset the impacts of lower volumes for calcia, magnesia, and coal.
 • Machinery Fiscal Year
Sales Operating Profit
Revenues and earnings down
Billions of yen
2018 2019 2020
¥97.2 ¥90.7 ¥78.7 5.4 4.9 2.8
Change from FY2019
(13.3)% (42.7)%
    • Molding machine sales declined from lackluster automotive industry sales in an adverse operating climate.
• Industrial machinery sales were up amid robust sales of transportation equipment for electric power companies and the impact of chemical equipment operations that UBE took over.
• Steel products business sales were down because of lower volumes, which offset a recovery in unit prices from higher raw materials prices.
Machinery segment revenues and earnings decreased primarily because of sluggish molding machine sales.
33

        Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Segment Business Strategies
               Strengths
• A globally accepted UBEPOL brand
• Extensive product lineup specializing in butadiene rubber and a lineup of proprietary grade VCR
Weaknesses
• Regulations in response to issues of global warm- ing and microplastics (tire dust) Countermeasures: Improve fuel efficiency and wear resistance and develop materials that contribute to sustainability
  Opportunities
• Robust relationships with leading global tire manufacturers
• Rising expectations for specialization in response to changing customer needs
Threats
• Surpluses of key raw material butadiene and oversupplies of butadi- ene rubber Countermeasures: Cut costs and specialize
   Synthetic Rubber
Principal Products and Businesses
• Synthetic rubber (Butadiene rubber)
Global expansion, primarily for tire applications
Have production sites in Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, and China and have established a complementary
production structure
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Fully use facilities capacity through safe and stable production and ensure stable supplies to customers
• Specialization, including grade development
• Boost production and begin manufacturing high-value-added grades in Malaysia
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2021
Demand plunged in the first half of fiscal 2020 owing to the COVID-19 pandemic but has since recovered steadily. We will strengthen collaboration among our four production sites in Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, and China to maintain stable supply while capitalizing on the recovery. We will accordingly launch new vinyl-cis rubber (VCR) brands and pursue specialization for branded footwear.
At the same time, we will further enhance production efficiency while constraining costs down to minimize exposure to volatile market conditions in butadiene, the main raw material.
In fiscal 2021, we will complete a 20,000-metric-ton capacity increase in Malaysia while beginning production of high-value-added grades. We are doing our best to ensure that the start-up is successful.
Hisaaki Yokoo
Senior Executive Officer
General Manager, Synthetic Rubber Div.
Synthetic rubber
SWOT Analysis
UBE Elastomer to Be Established
UBE plans to spin off its synthetic rubber busi- ness through a new subsidiary, UBE Elastomer Co., Ltd., effective October 2021. The goal is to reinforce the profitability of that business, which will remain an important part of the Chemicals segment portfolio.
We face challenging times in synthetic
rubber and in the petrochemical industry. We are nonetheless determined to build solid business foundations and fulfill our social mission.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• In view of a growing awareness across
society of the need for sustainability,
tire manufacturers that are our prime
customers have begun seeking ways to conserve energy, extend operating lives, and preserve resources. We will cater to these demands by contributing to overall economic sustainability by developing and supplying synthetic rubber for tires that are more eco-friendly and deliver longer service lives.
               34
We will make safe and stable operations a top priority
and pursue specialization to satisfy customers.
  
                                            PCD, PUD
                SWOT Analysis
DMC manufacturing plant
contributes to realization of the Sustainable Devel- opment Goals (SDGs) by conducting development across units in Japan, Thailand, and Spain.
We have started exploring process digitization to optimize production, sales, and inventory planning and streamline sales through global data integration.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• We will contribute to a sustainable and prosperous economy through diverse products and services that help lower environmental impact. These include nylon that helps cut food losses in food packaging film, composites for fuel cell vehicle (FCV) hydrogen tanks and for helping lighten automobiles, and large-crystal ammonium sulfate that contributes to sustainable agriculture. Among others are eco-friendly C1 chemical chain and high-performance coatings, and technological development efforts related to the use of CO2 and recycling.
          Strengths
S
 • Supply product develop- ment solutions that contrib- ute to the environment, people, and the economy
•
•
•
•
   • Diverse products, from chemicals to functional materials, and global opera- tions through major sites in Japan, Thailand, and Spain
  Weaknesses
•
production using petro-coke as a raw material Countermeasures:
house gas emissions Group- wide and provide products and technologies that help lower those emissions
GHG emissions from ammonia Cut green-
    Opportunities
•
related to Connected, Autonomous, Shared, and Electric (CASE) fields Growing semiconductor demand from digitization Rising food demand amid population growth
Expanding businesses
 • •
      Threats
•
entries by emerging countries and intensified price competition
Impact on earnings from market
 Countermeasures: competitiveness by cutting costs and stabilizing operations and optimize global production system while pursuing business specialization
Strengthen
    Nylon, composites
Engineering Plastics & Fine Chemicals
Principal Products and Businesses
• Nylon
• Composites
• Caprolactam, ammonium
sulfate
• Industrial chemicals,
high-purity chemicals
• Fine chemicals
• High-performance coatings
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Globally cultivate nylon, composites, fine chemicals, and high-performance coatings businesses
• Stabilize ammonia chain operations and reinforce revenue base
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2021
Large-crystal ammonium sulfate
     In nylon, we will explore optimizing our global polymerization capacity and product lineup to stabilize earnings. In composites, we will consoli- date sales and development at the Osaka Research & Development Center and reinforce marketing for the development of high-value-added products. In high-performance coatings, we will globally expand business of polycarbonate diol (PCD) and polyurethane dispersion (PUD). In
the C1 chemical chain, we will continue mulling production sites in the United States, Europe,
and China that deploy the C1 chemical chain worldwide, centered on dimethyl carbonate (DMC), for which we expect demand to expand as a raw material for lithium-ion battery (LiB) electrolyte, as an eco-friendly solvent, and as a raw material for PCD. We will expand large-crystal ammonium sulfate for fertilizer as a specialty business that
Yuki Nishida
Managing Executive Officer
General Manager,
Engineering Plastics & Fine Chemicals Div.
             We will formulate a roadmap to specialization and to cutting GHG emissions
and begin transforming our business structure.
35
    
 Tyranno Fiber®
SWOT Analysis
          Strengths Weaknesses
• We maintain a lineup of prod- ucts in diverse business fields that draw on proprietary raw materials production and processing technologies that have unique characteristics according to their applications including for niche markets.
• Our production technology exper- tise is a key strength in specialty products, but while we have expanded, principally in Japan, our investment returns are deteri- orating in some projects. We are considering expanding overseas.
• We need to amply consider export control for functional (specialty) products.
Threats
• Notwithstanding high barriers to entry for functional products, competition could intensify as markets expand. We are relent- lessly developing products that match demand and have distinctive features that set them apart from rival offerings
          Opportunities
• Demand is rising constantly in electronic components and electronic materials for which we anticipate market expansion, fueling higher performance requirements, and we have ample technological capabili- ties to cater to such needs.
• We offer diverse environmen- tally friendly products.
                        Polyimide
   Separation membranes
Specialty Products
                 Principal Products and Businesses
• Polyimide
• Separation membranes
• Ceramics, boron trichloride,
RID (Exhaust gas treatment
equipment)
• Tyranno Fiber®
• Battery materials
(Separators)
Separators
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Expand primarily in high-quality electronic compo- nent substrates, organic electroluminescent display materials, and raw materials for semicon- ductor production that leverage the capabilities
of extremely heat-resistant polyimide
• Stably supply polyimide films and varnishes in response to a steadily increasing need for organic electroluminescent display materials
• Expand sales of environmentally friendly products employing proprietary technologies, notably sepa- ration membranes and silicon nitride powder
• Design and supply separators matching battery performance requirements to keep pace with rapidly growing demand
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2021
While in fiscal 2020 the COVID-19 pandemic caused automobile production to decline tempo- rarily, affecting our battery materials business, our performance in that area was basically on target, with electronic components driving demand.
In fiscal 2021, we are positioning polyimide as a premier product for electronic components and digitization products. It will be vital to promptly
Keiichi Nagata
Managing Executive Officer General Manager, Specialty Products Div.
construct a plant to lift production of biphenyltetra- carboxylic dianhydride (BPDA), a raw material. We will keep maximizing supplies by lowering losses in production efficiency and quality. In semiconduc- tors, we will review our production system in response to rising demand for boron trichloride, an etching gas. In environmentally friendly prod- ucts, we are planning to expand our biofuel purifi- cation separation membranes. Over the medium to long terms, we aim to expand the business of fuel cell modules, in which we have a solid record, mainly for larger FCVs, thereby contributing to the environment.
We have pushed ahead with digitizing processes, primarily to bolster our quality control systems. In fiscal 2020, we finished downstream conversions to make factory facilities smarter for some specialty products. We will roll these systems out in the years ahead.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• We will contribute to society by deliv- ering products that help reduce envi- ronmental impact. Among them are battery components, motor insulation, heat dissipation substrates, and other functional components for automotive electrification. They also include alter- natives to metal for the fuel-efficient aircraft of tomorrow, as well as fuel decarbonization by recovering methane gas from waste.
             We will focus on expanding digitization and environmentally friendly products for offerings in specialty areas.
   36
  
  Fifth pharmaceutical plant
SWOT Analysis
  Strengths
• Drug discovery research and achievements based on organic synthesis technolo- gies cultivated over the years as a chemicals producer.
• Top-shelf API manufacturing capabilities from diverse facilities, equipment, and advanced quality systems.
  Weaknesses
• Declining ability to handle increasing sales volumes and new projects associ- ated with increasing oper- ations at existing facilities. Countermeasures: Verti- cally launch and efficiently run the fifth pharmaceuti- cal plant.
 Opportunities
• Global growth in the pharma- ceutical market amid sophisti- cated medical needs in devel- oped countries and rising populations and healthcare standards in developing nations.
Threats
• Delayed development schedules and pipeline depletion. Countermeasures: Streamline drug discovery research by standardizing development priorities and deploying such new tech- niques as computational chemistry.
    Calblock®
    Talion®
  Effient®
Eybelis®
          Pharmaceuticals
Principal Products and Businesses
• In-house pharmaceuticals (Active ingredients, intermediates)
Talion® (Registered trademark of Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation) Calblock® (Registered trademark of Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited)
Effient® (Brand name of antiplatelet drug marketed by Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, and Eli Lilly and Company)
Eybelis® (Registered trademark of Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)
• Contract pharmaceuticals (Active ingredients, intermediates)
APIs and intermediates for pharmaceutical manufacturers
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Generate growth drivers by making the drug discovery pipeline more valuable while expanding drug discovery targets
• Commercialize contract manufacturing of nucleic acid active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) for which a new market is emerging
• Secure small-lot (high potency), high-mix projects by reorganizing pharmaceutical plants
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2021
Expected clinical trial delays in some cases among client pharmaceutical manufacturers owing to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic should not significantly affect earnings in fiscal 2021.
Drug discovery research
We will keep transition phases in research activity in mind in building an efficient drug discovery research system and while swiftly driving research themes to subsequent stages to license out new drugs.
Yoichi Funayama
Executive Officer
General Manager, Pharmaceutical Div., with responsibility for HBM Business Development Project
We will upgrade pharmacological evaluation and adapt to pharmacokinetic guidelines so as to promote theme research more efficiently and effectively.
API manufacturing
In manufacturing existing products, we will manage plants to achieve increased productivity. We will launch the new fifth pharmaceutical plant while augmenting future business expansion, notably by building nucleic acid drug production technology.
At the same time, we will step up efforts to comply with laws and regulations related to pharmaceuticals in Japan and overseas, improve quality assurance, and educate employees. By doing so, we are able to provide products and services continuously that earn the trust of government and customers.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• As well as developing small molecule
drugs, which is an existing field, we are expanding R&D in next-generation
modalities while developing low-cost, high-quality manufacturing processes for APIs so that we can deliver quality drugs.
       We will focus on completing our current medium-term management plan while paving the way
for growth under the successor initiative.
37
    
                                                         SWOT Analysis
         Strengths
•
through our diverse Groupwide prod- ucts and businesses.
We have an infrastructural setup of coal and power supply structure and large port facilities which can be utilized to tap renewable energy in a decarbonized economy.
We can harness a wide range of waste substances and draw on our advanced technical capabilities to conserve resources.
 We can optimize Group synergies
   •
•
    Weaknesses
•
Countermeasures:
by lowering opportunity losses through formulat- ing long-term facilities maintenance plans and using ICT to consolidate facilities maintenance information.
Aging facilities
 We will overcome this issue
     Opportunities
•
solidifiers for redevelopment, the Chuo Shinkansen maglev line, the Osaka Expo, integrated resorts, and other large projects, as well as for disaster prevention and mitigation work.
We must ensure stable supplies of materials that are essential for building social capital and competitive energies. The integration of our cement and related businesses with those of Mitsubishi Materials should enable us to bolster our profitability.
We anticipate demand for cement and
 •
•
         Threats
•
ing sales of magnesia, calcia, and other offerings
Sluggish domestic demand for cement and declin-
 Countermeasures:
maintaining and correcting prices and continuing to cultivate new customers while building solid, low-cost operating foundations. We will also cultivate new businesses and add higher value to existing products while swiftly generating synergies after integrating businesses and exploring rationalizations. Environmental issues
We will tackle this challenge by
•
Countermeasures:
to combat global warming. Second, we will formu- late and roll out a roadmap to carbon neutrality by 2050, notably by deploying energy-saving equip- ment, increasing our use of fossil-based energy alternatives, and expanding our biomass fuel busi- ness. Third, we will broaden our lineup of environ- mentally friendly products.
 We will first establish a project
       38
Construction Materials
Principal Products and Businesses
• Cement, ready-mixed concrete
• Biomass, industrial waste recycling
• Building materials (Self-leveling materials, waterproofing materials, and renovation)
• Magnesia and calcia
• Fine materials
• Energy (Coal and electricity)
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Strengthen our business infrastructure and cultivate strategic growth businesses
• Create an optimal business management system by integrating the cement and related businesses with those of Mitsubishi Materials
• Become more competitive in a decarbonized economy
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2021
Our construction materials are essential for society. We expect to remain profitable in the years ahead by expanding new businesses on top of stable business foundations. In fiscal 2021, however,
we expect domestic demand for cement to rise minimally despite a recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic’s impact. This is because of operational and construction delays stemming from labor
shortages and a sluggish recovery in housing demand. We expect steel and automobile produc- tion unlikely to return to pre-pandemic levels.
At the same time, the business environment for our core products will likely remain adverse owing to rising energy prices amid tighter supplies and accel- erating moves to realize a decarbonized economy.
It is against this backdrop that we will work to respond to the present market demand based on stable production and undertake existing measures. We will also prepare for business integration with Mitsubishi Materials and tackle environmental issues. We will capitalize on changes in the business environment to build solid business foundations for tomorrow.
Makoto Koyama Representative Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer Company President,
Construction Materials Company
We will steadily prepare to integrate our cement and related businesses with those
of Mitsubishi Materials Corporation while stepping up our responses to global environmental issues
and endeavoring to build solid business foundations for the future.

       Strengthen business foundations and cultivate strategic growth businesses
We will improve profitability while building a stable operational structure and conserving energy and costs in cement, ready-mixed concrete, magnesia and calcia, and energy operations.
We have positioned fine materials, biomass, and recycling as growth businesses and are pursuing new ideas beyond existing business frameworks to expand by commercializing businesses and generating profits.
• We will cut energy and costs by installing a highly efficient clinker cooler at the Kanda Cement Factory, which should become operational in March 2023. We will set up Phase III waste plastic facilities at the Ube Cement Factory, which will begin operations
in October 2021.
• We are deploying Renewal Phase II (covering fiscal
2019–2021) at the Ube Factory of Ube Material Industries to maintain stable operations and deliver high added value for magnesia.
• We are rolling out environmental measures for
our coal center and power generation facilities, deploying measures for aging facilities, and improv- ing efficiency to maintain competitive and stable supplies of energy.
• In fine materials, we will strengthen sales and development for MOS-HIGE, magnesium oxysulfate whiskers, while cultivating new projects, lowering costs, and expanding applications.
• In biomass and recycling, we will expand sales
of environmental materials, notably by increasing biomass incinerations at IPPs, and are looking to produce Pelletizing Before Torrefaction overseas while creating new recycling operations and expanding sales of such environmental materials as neutral solidification materials and heavy metal immobilizers.
Preparing to integrate operations with those of Mitsubishi Materials
Both companies fully concurred that full integration, including of production units, would be necessary
to maintain a competitive edge and to uphold a cycle of investing management
resources in growth areas
in a changing business environment.
UBE, Mitsubishi Materials, and UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT CORPORATION will continue to explore ways to swiftly optimize synergies by April 2022 of the full integration.
Tackling environmental issues
In April 2020, we launched a project to combat global warming as a cross-company unit run from the new Global Warming Countermeasures Group to steer efforts to conserve energy, convert waste to energy, and use more renewables while helping develop new technologies.
• Install energy-saving facilities and expand the use of fossil energy alternatives to reach our (construction materials) fiscal 2030 target of reducing GHG emis- sions from fiscal 2013 levels by 15%.
• Expand torrefied pellets, palm kernel shell, and other biomass fuel businesses.
• Broaden range of environmentally friendly products.
• Undertake R&D into low-carbon materials, new fuel
usage, carbon dioxide capture and storage with utilization, and other areas.
Finally, fiscal 2021 will be a term in which we complete our medium-term management plan
and integrate operations with those of Mitsubishi Materials. We will prepare thoroughly for that move while pushing ahead flexibly and fast with steps to overcome an adverse business climate and build solid underpinnings for the future.
ESG-Related Initiatives
As well as implementing the above measures to combat global warming, we are also taking the following steps to tackle the issue of marine plastic waste, conserve water resources, and preserve biodiversity.
• We are developing materials that enhance the performance of biodegradable plastics while providing agents to enhance water and sediment quality.
• We are endeavoring to greenify former
limestone quarries. Since fiscal 2008, we
have planted citrus trees, ivy, and other
vegetation on the slopes of the Kanda Mine. Since fiscal 2011, we have planted wild cherry trees and round leaf holly on the slopes of the Ube Isa Mine.
Solar power plant
                39

   SWOT Analysis
Strengths Weaknesses
        • We have a robust record in serving the automotive, electric power, cement, steelmaking, and other
key sectors, and have earned solid customer reputations for our efforts.
• We can draw on numerous domestic and overseas operations to cater to customer needs in everything from development through after-service.
• We have large processing facilities and skilled engineers and workers.
• Slow to take advantage of ICT because our business is based on manufacturing to order
Countermeasures: We have accordingly launched an ICT project to enhance product development and production efficiency.
       Opportunities Threats
• Customer needs and requests are diversifying as target markets globalize.
• An extremely responsive global service and support framework is increasingly essential.
• There is a growing need for technologies that help lighten the weight of automobiles and contribute to the environmentally friendly product and resource recycling fields.
• A sudden global economic slowdown could drive consolidations in key markets. Countermeasures: We will leverage our strengths to reinforce our competitiveness and lift our presence when demand recovers.
• The global economy will remain lackluster owing to the COVID-19 pandemic, delaying a recovery in capital equipment demand and intensifying price and delivery competition. Countermeasures: We will cut product costs and shorten production lead times
to secure business opportunities when
a recovery materializes.
              Machinery
Principal Products and Businesses
• Molding machines (Die-casting machines, extrusion presses, and injection molding machines)
• Industrial machinery (Kilns, vertical mills, transportation systems, water screen equipment, and crushers),
bridges, deck machinery,
grab buckets
• Machinery services
• Steel products (Billets and
castings)
• Control boards
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Develop products and cultivate markets in response to the need for lighter automobiles and the emergence of electric vehicles (EVs) (die-casting machines and extrusion presses)
• Take advantage of business integration to integrate global business management and strengthen overseas sales expansion (injection molding machines)
• Enter new markets for environmentally friendly products and resource recycling (industrial machinery and steel products)
• Reinforce customer support through overseas sites (machinery services and businesses)
Yukio Hisatsugu
Managing Executive Officer
Company President, Machinery Company
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2021
An economic slowdown that started with China—American trade friction and the subsequent pandemic have affected global capital investments. The global business climate remains adverse in the automotive, electric power, cement, steelmaking, shipbuilding, and other key markets for the company, and we expect competition to intensify. We will clarify our outlook for the recovery period and further reinforce our business structure.
Molding Machinery Business
In anticipation of a demand recovery, we will
cut costs to be a winner in each product market, shorten production lead times, and focus on developing products that match market needs while strengthening our business structure.
In die-cast machinery, we are developing and launching new products and processes that cater to a fast-growing need for lighter automobiles and vehicle electrification. We are integrating and reor- ganizing domestic and overseas injection molding
         We will urgently establish our infrastructure
and reinforce our business structure
to materialize our vision.
       40
  
      Nagoya Factory
(A new manufacturing plant for injection molding machines)
machinery business sites. We will also build an integrated and optimal global production structure and thereby streamline operations and reinforce competitiveness while launching new offerings for the global market.
Industrial Machinery Business
In fiscal 2021, we will continue to focus on control- ling processes and costs in projects for which
we have already received orders, principally from domestic electric power companies. We will accel- erate efforts to develop environmental equipment and new products in light of a growing market recognition of a need to becoming more environ- mentally responsive.
In bridges, we will contribute to sustainable development of infrastructure through proposing of bridges more environmentally friendly and resilient.
Machinery Services Business
In injection molding machines, we will reinforce our capabilities in the United States, China, and else- where in Asia by training and hiring more local employees overseas and otherwise strengthening our structure while expanding our parts supply capabilities. In industrial machinery, we will strengthen alliances to bolster services proposal activities overseas, and will strive to expand our business by providing support for the products of other companies. Also, we will push ahead with
services such as providing remote support to construction sites utilizing ICT.
Steel Products Business
We expect the business climate to remain adverse in fiscal 2021 owing to the global economic down- turn and excess production capacity. We have accordingly harnessed our manufacturing capacity in specialty, niche, and large offerings in which we have a competitive edge, to keep shifting to an optimal business structure through which we have switched from quantity to quality. We will continue striving to create a stable profit structure.
  ESG-Related Initiatives
• Companies in the Machinery segment are focusing on developing products that help protect the environment while providing services that apply
to existing facilities.
• In the steel products business, the
company completely melts the industrial and medical waste in manufacturing processes, and is endeavoring to make environmental recycling a third core business.
           Hayatsuegawa Bridge
(Fukuoka and Saga prefectures)
41

      Theme:
Rising to the
Mari Yoshitaka, Ph.D.
Deputy General Manager,
Principal Sustainability Strategist
Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co., Ltd.
                             Yuzuru Yamamoto
Director
Chairman of the Board
         Masato Izumihara
President & Representative Director
CEO
 42

 ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Talking ESG
Challenge of Delivering Sustainable Growth
Companies must play an
increasingly important role in driving sustainable social progress, notably in terms of tackling climate change,
 Mari Yoshitaka, Ph.D.
Profile
Ms. Yoshitaka previously worked for an IT company and investment bank in the United States. She later joined the World Bank Group’s International Finance Corporation, performing social impact studies for environmental projects in developing nations and conducting environmental enterprise research for launching Japan’s first eco-fund.
In 2000, she joined Mitsubishi
UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities (former Tokyo-Mitsubishi Securities Co., Ltd.) to establish the Clean Energy Finance Division. She has been engaged in environmental financial consulting for many years, focusing on climate change. She took up her current position in May 2020.
Ms. Yoshitaka conducts research, advises, and lectures on SDG businesses and ESG investments for government ministries and agencies, institutional investors, and corporations. She is a member of the Financial Services Agency’s Expert Panel on Sustainable Finance.
ESG Approach
ESG perspectives are vital to investment decision-making. What is ESG investing, and how do you position UBE from ESG perspectives?
•
Yoshitaka: Funds have poured into ESG invest- ments owing to the COVID-19 pandemic. It is hard to forecast short-term performances. Inves- tors with long-term perspectives have progressed in assessing corporate value by drawing on non- financial information. It is important to disclose risks and business opportunities for future value assessments among ESG investors. UBE has overcome numerous risks over the years, and it has amassed an array of technologies. As such,
I think investors have great expectations for the Company. That said, it perhaps doesn’t disclose enough for investors.
The Environment
UBE revised its GHG reduction for 2050. It now looks to become carbon neutral by then instead of lowering emissions by 80%. The Company is undertaking a wide range of initia- tives to that end, including stepping up efforts to conserve energy, using more renewable energy, and developing CO2 immobilization technology. It is also striving to increase sales of environmentally friendly products to help the economy overall become carbon neutral.
•
Yoshitaka: From an investor’s point of view, it’s easy to draw up growth strategies relating to the environment. It’s therefore important to formulate a long-term environmental vision and numerical targets. A good example would be to lift environ- mentally friendly products to 50% of consolidated net sales. Investors would view management differently if it were to convey a commitment to not just shrinking the Company’s carbon footprint but to also setting more challenging goals and innovating to become carbon neutral with a view to products definitely attracting demand if customer attitudes change.
Izumihara: We must both reduce and offset CO2 emissions to become carbon neutral. I believe
the UBE Group’s role is to provide solutions for
a circular economy and attain carbon neutrality by integrating the technologies it has amassed in its chemicals, construction materials, and machinery businesses. I want to satisfy investor expectations for change and new growth.
—
The Japanese government’s green growth strat- egy covers areas relating to UBE’s business, notably automobiles and storage batteries and carbon and resource recycling. How might the resulting opportunities shape UBE’s efforts in environmentally friendly products and technolo- gies, and how would they drive growth?
•
Izumihara: Each of our businesses offers numer- ous products and technologies that contribute to the environment, including the reducing of CO2 emissions. In the chemicals business, we provide synthetic rubber for eco-friendly tires, nylon composites that help lighten automobiles, and
LiB materials for EVs. There is biomass from our construction materials business. Our machinery business offers energy-saving injection molding machines. Being environmentally responsive is itself a growth strategy. We will accordingly generate sustainable growth by contributing to the environ- ment, such as by switching our chemicals business focus from commodity to specialty offerings.
Yamamoto: You can’t avoid environmental issues, and staying a step ahead of the crowd in tackling them will create value. Our environmentally friendly products will naturally increase as a proportion
of sales, although it is important to accelerate that rise.
Yoshitaka: Investors compare companies in the same industries to determine which will grow faster than others. So, I think it would be easier
to state that you are indeed ahead of the times. Investors track Scope 3 CO2 emissions. Your envi- ronmentally friendly offerings should help reduce such emissions, and I think you should also high- light this to investors.
contributing to a circular economy, and fostering human resources diversity.
We exchanged views with ESG experts on the UBE Group’s stance from ESG
investment perspectives and how it should pursue further growth.
43

 44
Izumihara: We have to overcome a lot of cost hurdles, notably being to develop CO2 immobiliza- tion technology. We’re nonetheless continuing R&D because we know our efforts will lead ultimately to innovation.
Yoshitaka: R&D is the best kind of non-financial information. Proactive disclosure enables a company to begin engaging with investors, fostering anticipation.
Sustainable Growth
How should UBE go about convincing investors that it will grow sustainably, including from SDG perspectives?
•
Yoshitaka: ESG investors base corporate sustain- ability assessments on whether managements can respond flexibly and decisively to a range
of changes. The first focus is on risk information. Investors would want companies with heavy CO2 emissions to evaluate and disclose the financial impacts of carbon pricing. Companies need to balance disclosure of opportunities and risks.
Each of the 17 SDGs is inter-related, but no company can resolve all of them by itself. I’d like UBE to explain simply which SDGs its chemicals, construction materials, and machinery businesses will help reach. People are vital for sustainability. The SDGs can also be vehicles for communicating with young people, who are more interested in them, so talented individuals will find the Company attractive. I think it’s very meaningful for companies to increase engagement by making SDGs relevant.
Izumihara: Our website discloses our SDG efforts. I believe young people these days are more inter- ested than ever in helping make the world a better place, including through their career choices.
—
UBE and Mitsubishi Materials Corporation will integrate their construction materials businesses in 2022. What makes this move significant?
•
Yamamoto: UBE was established during World War II and grew thereafter. The cement and chemicals businesses were previously separate companies. The operating environment has changed, and our businesses are moving in different directions. We will thus integrate our construction materials busi- ness with that of Mitsubishi Materials to become carbon neutral as the second-biggest player in
that field, with UBE turning the tiller to become a specialist chemicals company.
Izumihara: In 1998, when we integrated sales and
logistics units to form UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT CORPORATION, domestic cement demand exceeded 70 million metric tons. By 2020, demand dropped below 39 million metric tons, one factor being the COVID-19 pandemic. By merging the domestic cement units of UBE and Mitsubishi Materials we will strengthen operations, including downstream, and concentrate newly available resources on growth businesses.
Yoshitaka: Thanks for the explanation. It was very
easy to understand.
—
What carbon neutrality and circular economy benefits should accrue from integrating the cement business?
•
Izumihara: I believe we can progress by combining the environmental technologies of the cement businesses of both companies. The cement industry is a huge vein industry. As a vital artery,
it contributes much to strengthening social infra- structure and making the nation more resilient.
As a vital vein, this industry employs diverse waste materials in manufacturing processes. Life goes on even during the pandemic, with people continuing to generate waste. So, you cannot stop the vein that processes this waste. The cement industry’s prime mission in all this is to serve society.
Yamamoto: Our cement manufacturing processes incorporate and process waste, producing no waste. This industry is extremely valuable in that sense because it is the last bastion of the economy.
Yoshitaka: The “3Rs” (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle)
is a widely known concept. But a circular economy is about making most of the limited resources with- out disposing of them. I think it’s important that discussions position the cement business from circular economy perspectives.
—
In the chemicals business, your R&D has led to breakthroughs in recycling waste plastics. How well have you done from circular economy perspectives?
•
Yoshitaka: Cutting CO2 emissions isn’t a great challenge in Europe, as renewable energy has gone mainstream because of its low costs. Materi- als innovation is more of a challenge from circular economy perspectives. I think that’s one of UBE’s greatest advantages. What’s your view about plastics in that respect?
Izumihara: We are also undertaking R&D in bioplastics and waste plastic usage. You’ll find that UBE’s nylon in multilayer films that preserve foods

 and serve as gas barriers are helping to reduce food waste. The downside is that multilayer film recovery is tough, so we’re developing technology to recover films as monomers. There is an issue of the extent to which society will accept the costs. Still, as a plastics manufacturer we’ve taken on the responsibility of working on complete life cycles, which include disposal.
—
The UBE Group has continued to grow over the past 124 years by addressing changes in the business climate and transforming its business structure. What will be UBE’s raison d’être as
it pushes ahead with specialization?
•
Yamamoto: Times are changing. We’re transfer- ring our construction materials business to a joint venture company, and our chemicals business will focus on specialty offerings. People underscore all we do. We’ve come this far because our people have kept faithful to our corporate philosophy of pursuing technology and embracing innovation to create value for the future. I believe we will remain important in the years ahead by continuing to innovate value that society needs.
Izumihara: The environment, human life and health, and the digitization of processes in society are keys to growth, and it’s important for us to contribute to progress in all those respects. Our technological prowess underpins our capabilities. In some cases, we may shift somewhat away from manufacturing based on technology, but I think that’s acceptable.
Yoshitaka: I think that’s a very important message. Few executives in Japan so clearly state that a manufacturer doesn’t always have to make things. Backed by solid technological capabilities, you
can make a clear picture of the future regarding changes in the society.
Corporate Governance and Human Resources
How do you assess UBE’s efforts in areas outside the environment?
•
Yoshitaka: Environment and social efforts are about understanding future risks and opportunities. Governance is about identifying current risks. UBE’s governance seems solid. Still, investors increasingly demand more sophisticated gover- nance, so you need to respond accordingly.
Yamamoto: Investors may find it hard to grasp UBE’s realities if we only disclose information based on the Corporate Governance Code.
In December 2020, I joined with all of our outside directors in conducting an engagement session for investors. They were quite appreciative, saying that we were the first as a materials manufacturer to provide such an opportunity. They thought that our Board of Directors functions effectively.
Yoshitaka: Participants were impressed with UBE’s willingness to engage in dialogue and held the efforts of its outside directors in high regard. ESG investors consider a lack of gender diversity among Japanese companies to be a risk. Figures demonstrate that companies with greater diversity tend to innovate more and offer superior growth potential. So, I would like to see UBE be more proactive, such as by more readily appointing female executives.
Izumihara: Women account for low proportions of employees and management at UBE. We are in the process of hiring more women. Increasing the number of female executives and deploying training programs for them is an urgent priority.
ESG Expectations
What would you like to see from UBE’s ESG initiatives?
•
Yoshitaka: I would like to see UBE proactively disseminate what stakeholders expect from it, notably in terms of its raison d’être. Investors are moving extremely fast in the climate change and carbon-neutrality arenas, so I think you would do well to be the first in your industry to disclose your commitment to the TCFD and the financial impacts.
Conclusion
Izumihara: Safeguarding the environment and pursuing growth are not necessarily mutually exclu- sive. It’s a top priority for management to tackle both challenges. We will do more to disclose how we will address issues.
Yamamoto: As a Board member, I will keep tabs on whether the management team is moving in the right direction fast enough. Thank you very much for today’s discussion.
 45

ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Overview
Organizational structure
Chairman of the Board of Directors Note
Number of directors (excluding members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee) Note
Number of directors in the Audit & Supervisory Committee Note
Independent officers appointed Note
Determination of compensation for each director (excluding members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee and outside directors)
Determination of compensation for each director in the Audit & Supervisory Committee (excluding outside directors)
Determination of compensation for each outside director (excluding members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee) (Independent officers)
Determination of compensation for each outside director in the Audit & Supervisory Committee (Independent officers)
Independent auditors
Company with Audit & Supervisory Committee Yuzuru Yamamoto
6 (of which 2 are outside directors)
3 (of which 2 are outside directors) 4 outside directors
• Compensation consists of base compensation and performance-linked compensation (annual and long-term incentives).
• Total compensation for the year ended March 31, 2021: ¥238 million (base compensation: ¥123 million; performance-linked compensation: ¥115 million)
• Compensation consists of base compensation (fixed compensation).
• Total compensation for the year ended March 31, 2021: ¥38 million (fixed
compensation: ¥38 million)
• Compensation consists of base compensation (fixed compensation).
• Total compensation for the year ended March 31, 2021: ¥24 million (fixed compensation: ¥24 million)
• Compensation consists of base compensation (fixed compensation).
• Total compensation for the year ended March 31, 2021: ¥28 million (fixed
compensation: ¥28 million) Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
               Note: From the end of the 114th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2020 to March 31, 2021
Corporate Governance
The UBE Group’s fundamental mission is to achieve sustainable growth and increase the corporate value of the Group over the long term. As a Company with Audit & Supervisory Commit- tee, we accordingly created a structure in which directors in the Audit & Supervisory Committee with rights to audit and state their opinions at the General Meeting of Shareholders can vote in Board of Directors’ meetings, strengthening the Board’s
Overview of Corporate Governance and Internal Control
Appointment / dismissal
Appointment / dismissal Auditing, etc.
supervision of business execution, and delegating important business implementation decisions to the President and Representative Director. We consider it important to maintain appropriate busi- ness activities and fulfill our duties toward and gain the trust of all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, business partners, employees, and communities, as well as shareholders, by creating an effective corporate governance, including to accelerate business execution.
 General Meeting of Shareholders
   Board of Directors
Chairman of the Board
   Directors
(Excluding directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
 Nominating Committee (optional committee)
 Compensation Committee (optional committee)
Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members
Attendance
     Commission Reporting
Audit & Supervisory Committee
   Reporting
Instructions
Instructions / reporting
President and Representative Director
Group Strategic Management Meeting / Chemical Strategic Management Meeting
Auditing
 Reporting
 Auditing
Auditing Department
Guidance / Check / Auditing Auditing
Instructions / cooperation
  Internal control departments *1
     Head Office departments
Management
Chemicals Segment*2
Management
Construction Materials Company
Management
Machinery Company
Management
     46
Group companies
Group companies
Group companies
*1 Internal control departments: Working Committees (Compliance, Restricted Cargo and Export Management, Information Security, and Crisis Management), Head Office Departments Working on Internal Control
*2 Chemicals Segment: Synthetic Rubber, Engineering Plastics & Fine Chemicals, Specialty Products, Pharmaceuticals, Production, and Research & Development Division
Group companies
Reporting
Cooperation Auditing
Independent Accountging Auditors
Appointment / dismissal
   
Directors
   Yuzuru Yamamoto
Director
Chairman of the Board
Masato Izumihara
President & Representative Director CEO
   Masayuki Fujii
Director CFO
Keikou Terui
Outside Director
Makoto Koyama
Representative Director
Tetsuro Higashi
Outside Director
Tadahiko Fukuhara
Outside Director Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Company’s Articles of Incorporation, and the rules of the Board of Directors, and also supervises directors and executive officers to ensure they are performing their duties appropriately and efficiently. As a Company with Audit & Supervisory Commit- tee, we will accelerate operational execution by delegating decision-making on important opera- tions to the President and CEO while consistently reinforcing supervision.
Audit & Supervisory Committee
The Audit & Supervisory Committee monitors and verifies the establishment and operations of internal control systems and supervises directors and others executing business in line with laws and regulations and committee regulations. In addition to cooperating with the Auditing Department
and Independent Auditors, the committee also exchanges views with the President and CEO, audits executive directors, executive officers, and business divisions, including subsidiaries, and the Internal Control Department, and expresses opinions as needed. Outside directors in the
        Atsushi Yamamoto
Director
Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Board of Directors
Takashi Shoda
Outside Director Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
In principle, a director who does not serve concur- rently as an executive officer serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors makes decisions about important management issues in accordance with laws, regulations, the
Number of Directors
Inside directors Outside directors
Inside auditors Outside auditors
25
  Introduced Appointed
executive officer system
10
outside directors
9 4444444
8
77
8 9
 2000 2001 2003 2005 2010 2012 2015 2019 (FY)
Number of outside 2 directors
Organizational structure
3 4
Company with Board of Corporate Auditors
2019
Company with Audit & Supervi- sory Committee
    47

 committee attend Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee meetings to confirm details and procedures and supervise selections and dismissals of directors (excluding those on the committee) and their remuneration.
Nominating Committee
Keikou Terui (Chairman) Tetsuro Higashi
Yuzuru Yamamoto
Outside Director
Outside Director Chairman of the Board
● 1 inside director
● 2 outside directors
    Percentage of outside directors on the Nominating Committee
33%
67%
 Audit & Supervisory Committee
Takashi Shoda (Chairman) Tadahiko Fukuhara Atsushi Yamamoto
Outside Director Outside Director Director
   Compensation Tetsuro Higashi (Chairman)
Outside Director
 Committee
Keikou Terui Yuzuru Yamamoto
Outside Director Chairman of the Board
● 1 inside director
● 2 outside directors
    Directors’ Attendance at Board Meetings and Committees
 From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021
Audit &
Supervisory Nominating Compensation
Board of Name Directors
Yuzuru Yamamoto 13/13 (100%)
Masato Izumihara 13/13 (100%)
Percentage of outside directors on the Nominating Committee
Outside Directors
33%
Committee
Committee
2/2 (100%)
2/2 (100%)
2/2 (100%)
2/2 (100%)
Committee
4/4 (100%)
4/4 (100%)
4/4 (100%)
4/4 (100%)
67%
 Directors
Outside Directors
Director, Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Outside Directors, Members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Skills Matrix for Directors
Makoto Koyama
13/13 (100%)
UBE has appointed outside directors to add independent, third-party viewpoints to the decision-making process and to the monitoring
of management to ensure efficiency, transparency, and objectivity from June 2005. In addition, UBE employs a Nominating Committee and Compensa- tion Committee that report to the Board of Directors. Each comprises three members—two outside directors (excluding members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee) and one non-executive director (Chairman of the Board)—and is chaired by an outside director.
   Masayuki Fujii 13/13 (100%)
Keikou Terui 13/13 (100%)
   Tetsuro Higashi
13/13 (100%)
  Atsushi Yamamoto 13/13 (100%)
Seiichi Ochiai 13/13 (100%)
Takashi Shoda 13/13 (100%)
14/14 (100%)
14/14 (100%)
14/14 (100%)
Composition of Outside Directors
● 5 inside directors
     Directors (excluding members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee)
Name
Yuzuru Yamamoto ●
General Management / Business
Human Resource
Effectiveness Assessment of the Board of Directors
Each year, we convene the Evaluation Meeting for Effectiveness of the Board of Directors for delibera- tions based on a self-assessment questionnaire. Meeting participants are outside and non-executive directors. The Board of Directors receives and assesses a report on those discussions.
The Board of Directors accordingly determined that it had functioned effectively in fiscal 2020.
It also found that this entity’s composition and operations were appropriate and that it had engaged in vigorous debate and deliberations.
After transitioning to a Company with Audit
& Supervisory Committee structure in June 2019, we gradually expanded the scope of delegating decision-making on business execution. The Board concluded that it had strengthened management oversight effectively.
Director and Executive Officer Remuneration
On March 30, 2021, the Board of Directors resolved its policy for determining remuneration
Compliance / Risk
●● ● ●●
● ●●
● ●● ● ●●
Finance / Strategy Accounting
Sales /
Manufacturing / Technology / R&D
Internation- Marketing Management Management alization
56% 44%
● 4 outside directors
  Masato Izumihara Makoto Koyama Masayuki Fujii Keikou Terui Tetsuro Higashi
●
●●
Compliance / Risk
     Directors on the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Name
Atsushi Yamamoto
Takashi Shoda Tadahiko Fukuhara
● ● ● ●
● ●
●
●
●
General Management / Business
Manufacturing / Technology / R&D
Human Resource
Finance / Strategy Accounting
Sales /
Marketing Management Management alization
Internation-
    48

for directors (excluding members of the Audit &
Supervisory Committee). This was in response to
the revised Companies Act that went into effect
on March 1, 2021. Please see the 115th Securities
Report for details.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/jp/ir/ir_library/securities_report/ index.html (in Japanese only)
A: Outline of director and executive officer remuneration
(a) The remuneration structure for directors (exclud- ing directors who are also members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee and outside directors who are not members of the committee) and executive officers at UBE consists of (1) base compensation (fixed compensation), (2) an annual incentive (Companywide performance-linked compensation and annual individual target-based compensation), and (3) long-term incentives (medium- to long-term individual target-based compensation and stock options).
(b) UBE uses consolidated ordinary profit as the benchmark for Companywide performance- linked remuneration and multiplies it by the coefficient for each position (Consolidated ordinary profit x Coefficient for each position). The annual targets that each executive officer sets (including to attain basic targets, reinforce four safety and compliance initiatives, overhaul the quality assurance structure, and implement each business issues) are indicators for evaluat- ing remuneration for reaching annual individual performance targets. Indicators for evaluating
About the Effectiveness Assessment of the Board of Directors
Ratios of Base Compensation and Annual and Long-Term Incentives of Director (excluding members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee and outside directors) and Execu- tive Officer RemunerationNote
● Base compensation Approx. 50%
Securities Report
   ● Long-term incentive Approx. 20%
ESG ● Annual incentive ESG
Approx. 30%
Evaluations for long-term and annual incentives also
encompass ESG-related initiatives.
Note: The ratios of annual incentives for the President and the Chair- man are higher, and base compensation lower, compared to those for other directors and executive officers.
individuals’ achievement of medium- and long-term performance goals are based on the medium- and long-term goals that each execu- tive sets. These are notably to bolster human resources management, implement ongoing efforts to tackle environmental issues, reinforce governance, and reform the corporate culture. Remuneration amounts for the evaluation of the achievement of annual individual performance targets and medium- to long-term individual performance targets are according to achieve- ment levels for each indicator.
(c) The ratios of base compensation and annual and long-term incentives are set to allocate approximately 50% for base compensation, 30% for annual incentives, and 20% for long- term incentives. The ratios of annual incentives for the President and the Chairman are higher, and base compensation lower, compared to those for other directors and executive officers.
 The Company distributes questionnaires to all directors about the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Based on the findings, the Board of Directors makes resolutions in light of discussions in the Evaluation Meeting for Effectiveness of the Board of Directors, including the contents included in the Corporate Governance Report. We will further enhance our plan–do–check–act (PDCA) cycle and endeavor to make it more effective.
Enhancement initiatives Do
Plan
Tasks that Board of Directors set for fiscal 2020 in June 2020
   PDCA cycle to enhance effectiveness
n
m
Check Assessment
Act/Plan
Tasks that Board of Directors set for fiscal 2021 in June 2021
Keep improving internal control and risk management systems for the Group overall
    Look to expand the scope of delegation to the President
and Representative Director for decision-making on
Scope of
Keep exploring the further expansion of the scope of delegating decision-making on
 Expanding Delegatio
i
  mportant business matters to the President and Representative Director to enhance
  important business matters
discussions on management strategies and other important matters
  Enhance deliberations about the Group’s medium- and
Through formulating the next medium-term management plan, enhance deliberations
 Medium- to
  long-term management strategies and key management
Long-Ter
Management Strategy
about key medium- and long-term management issues and specific approaches to
   issues, and strengthen monitoring of implementation of initiatives
resolving these issues and the suitability of measures, and strengthen monitoring of implementation of initiatives
  Continue to monitor the effectiveness of systematic risk
management efforts across the Group and boost and
Group
  Management
 and strengthen effectiveness oversight
 monitor the effectiveness of internal control systems
 Diversity
Consider and act on efforts to make the Board of Directors more diverse
    49

Investor Relations
(d) Directors who are also members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee and outside directors who are not members of the committee receive fixed, base compensation only.
(e) The objective validity of standards for director and executive officer remuneration is confirmed by constantly referring to remuneration study data from external research institutions and by making comparisons with levels at major manufacturers of similar sizes and in comparable industries.
B: Procedure to determine director and executive officer remuneration
The amount of compensation for each director (excluding members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee) and executive officer will be deliber- ated by the Compensation Committee, which reports to the Board of Directors and is chaired
by an outside director and a majority of which is comprised of outside directors. After reviewing compensation, the committee forwards its recom- mendations and findings to the Board of Directors for a decision. The compensation of directors
who are also members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee shall be decided through deliberations of members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee.
Procedure to Determine Director (excluding members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee) and Executive Officer Remuneration
Executive Officers
UBE has been using an executive officer system to separate supervision and business execution since June 2001. The President and CEO delegates authority to executive officers, who perform their duties based on management policies decided by the Board of Directors.
General Meeting of Shareholders and Exercise of Voting Rights
The Notice of Convocation is sent out three weeks prior to the General Meeting of Shareholders, but its contents are posted on the UBE Group’s website earlier. UBE provides access to mobile phone and internet voting in addition to voting by mail so that shareholders unable to attend can also exercise their voting rights. UBE also uses an electronic voting platform for institutional investors.
At the General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2020, a total of 15,491 shareholders exercised their voting rights (including 15,460 shareholders who exercised voting rights in writing and via the internet), representing 80.9% of total voting rights.
Engagement with Shareholders
Two-Way Communication through IR Activities
Principal IR activities in fiscal 2020 are listed below. The UBE Group conducts IR activities with the goal of timely, accurate, and fair disclosure, and believes that proactive communication and engagement with investors enhances corporate value.
• Earnings briefing for institutional investors and securities analysts (after main briefing)
• Telephone conference for institutional investors and securities analysts (held quarterly)
• Overseas IR (individual visits to and teleconfer- ences with overseas investors four times annually to Europe, the United States, Asia, and Australia*)
* These were teleconferences following the COVID-19 outbreak.
• A small meeting by the President and CEO (one time)
• Engagement meetings between outside directors and the Chairman of the Board of Directors and institutional investors (one time)
• Individual meetings with institutional investors and securities analysts (about 200 times per year) In fiscal 2020, we held the first engagement meeting between outside directors and the Chairman of the Board of Directors and institu- tional investors. Feedback was favorable from participants, who noted that the gathering was the first of its kind in a materials sector and that it demonstrated that the views of outside directors and institutional investors were aligned.
Detailed information is available in the Investor Relations section of the UBE Group’s website: https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/
     Directors and Executive Officers (As of June 29, 2021) Directors
Assessing remuneration of individuals
Recommendations and reporting
Board of Directors
Approval
 Yuzuru Yamamoto
Masayuki Fujii
Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Atsushi Yamamoto
Executive Officers
President & Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officers
Senior Executive Officers
Executive Officers
Masato Izumihara
Representative Director
Keikou Terui
Outside and independent
Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Takashi Shoda
Outside and independent
Makoto Koyama
Representative Director
Tetsuro Higashi
Outside and independent
Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Tadahiko Fukuhara
Outside and independent
       Masato Izumihara Makoto Koyama
Hideo Tamada
  Yukio Hisatsugu
Yuki Nishida
Hiroshi Nishida
Yuzo Hanamoto
Masarou Suehiro
Shigeru Ouchi
Watchara Pattananijnirundorn
Yoichi Funayama Futoshi Takase
Genji Koga Keiichi Nagata Hidetsune Miura Hisaaki Yokoo Bruno de Bièvre Mitsuo Ono
Masayuki Fujii
Yoshiaki Ito Masayoshi Ota
Hironori Miyauchi Hiroaki Kojima
          50
Compensation Committee

  Outside Directors
Outside Director
Keikou Terui
1979 Joined Ministry of International Trade and Industry
(currently Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI))
2008 Director-General for Technology Policy Coordination, Minister’s Secretariat, METI
2011 Director-General, Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry, METI
2012 Director-General for Regional Economic and Industrial Policy, METI
2013 President, Japan Utility Telemetering Association. Non-Profit Organization (current position)
2014 Outside Director of the Company (current position)
2016 Outside Director, Bridgestone Corporation (current position)
Outside Director, Organo Corporation (current position)
2020 Senior Director, Japan Chemical Innovation and Inspection Institute (current position)
Internal Control System
The Board of Directors has resolved the basic policies for the configuration of the UBE Group’s internal control system.
Detailed information on the Basic Policy for
Establishing Internal Control is available on the
UBE Group’s website:
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/corporate/management/internal- control.html
Compliance
UBE established the UBE Action Guidelines as a code of conduct guiding basic behavior within the UBE Group and among constituent members. The guidelines outline the standards and criteria for compliance in corporate activities, which directors and employees are expected to adhere to.
UBE appoints a Compliance Officer (an executive officer whom the President and CEO appoints) for the UBE Group and maintains the UBE Group Compliance Committee including general counsels as an advisory body. Within the committee, it set up the UBE Group Competition Law Compliance Committee to prevent acts that impede fair compe- tition and to ensure the soundness of business operations. It additionally set up the UBE Group Restricted Cargo and Export Management Commit- tee to increase awareness within the Group of the need to prevent the unauthorized export or provision of goods and technology that are restricted under export control laws and regulations designed to maintain international peace and stability.
UBE is working to upgrade and strengthen structures and frameworks for compliance. Initiatives include the introduction of the “UBE C-Line,” a hotline that allows executive officers and employees to directly report compliance issues without going through normal channels. This encourages the rapid
UBE Group Compliance Committee
UBE Group Competition Law Compliance Committee
UBE Group Restricted Cargo and Export Management Committee
Outside Director and Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Takashi Shoda
1972 Joined Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2001 Director, Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2003 President and Representative Director, Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2005 President & CEO, and Representative Director, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2010 Representative Director and Chairman, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2014 Senior Corporate Adviser, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2015 Outside Director of the Company 2017 Outside Director, Daito Trust
Construction Co., Ltd. (current position)
2019 Outside Director and member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee of the Company (current position)
Outside Director, RIKEN Innovation Co., Ltd. (current position)
Outside Director and Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Tadahiko Fukuhara
1995 Professor of Faculty of Law, Chuo University
2004 Professor of The Chuo Law School (current position)
Registered as an attorney (Tokyo Bar Association) (current position)
2009 Director, The Investment Trusts Association (current position)
2010 Chairman of Japan Payment Service Association (current position)
2011 President of Chuo University (resigned in 2014)
2017 Outside Director, The Kyoei Fire and Marine Insurance Company, Limited (current position)
2018 President of Chuo University (resigned in 2021)
2018 Outside Director, INES Corporation (current position)
2021 Outside Director and member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee of the Company (current position)
Outside Director
Tetsuro Higashi
1977 Joined Tokyo Electron Limited
1990 Director, Tokyo Electron Limited
1996 Representative Director, President of Tokyo Electron Limited
2003 Representative Director, Chairman of the Board of Tokyo Electron Limited
2012 Outside Director of the Company Resigned (June 2014)
2013 Representative Director, Chairman and President of Tokyo Electron Limited
2018 Outside Director, Seven & i Holdings Co., Ltd. (current position)
2019 Outside Director, Nomura Real Estate Holdings, Inc. (current position) Outside Director of the Company (current position)
finding and swift correction of workplace harassment and labor problems, embezzlement and other misconduct, corruption such as bribery, collusion, and other corruption, and other compliance issues. By providing compliance-related information, e-learning, team coaching, and other programs, UBE continu- ously educates and enlightens its employees.
In fiscal 2020, UBE conducted online internal training and education on laws and regulations such as the Antimonopoly Act, Subcontract Act, and Unfair Competition Prevention Act. We trained instructors to provide general compliance education at each business site and conducted workplace-based training. There were approximately 8,000 participants in the three years from fiscal 2018 to 2020.
Preventing Corruption
Chapter 3 of the UBE Group Action Guidelines for Business Conduct, titled, Fairness and Integrity, states a commitment to maintaining healthy rela- tionships with governments and regulators. The objective is to prevent the bribery of public officials in Japan or abroad as well as other forms of corrup- tion. We accordingly formulated the UBE Group Anti-Bribery Guidelines, and provide e-learning
and collective training courses for executives and employees. We maintain a framework that if such matters of concern as suspected bribery of public officials, excessive entertainment with business partners, exchanges of money and goods, and collusion come to light through our internal hotline, compliance officers and departments collaborate to swiftly inquire into the facts and take the necessary measures. In fiscal 2020, there were no incidences of corruption, which would be subject to disciplinary action, or any penalties or other charges for corruption.
Please visit the Compliance section of the UBE Group’s website for the UBE Group Anti-Bribery Guidelines.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/compliance/compli- ance.html
Basic Policy for Establishing Internal Control
 UBE Group Compliance Guidelines / UBE Group Anti- Bribery Guidelines
      51

  ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
 Sustainability
    The UBE Group’s sustainability efforts are everything to corporate management. We believe that collaborating with stakeholders to globally broaden our founding principles of coexistence and mutual prosperity underpins our pursuit of sustain- ability and enables us to enhance corporate value and coexist with society. Efforts entail enhancing corporate value and our raison d’être, continuing to grow sustainably, and engaging in daily dialogue to deepen stakeholder trust.
United Nations Global Compact
In April 2021, we signed the United Nations Global Compact, the world’s largest sustainability initia- tive, and joined Global Compact Network Japan to promote sustainable management. In keeping with our founding principles and corporate philosophy, we support and implement the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact in
the four fields of human rights, labor, the environment, and anti- corruption, and will help realize a sustainable economy through our business.
UBE Group Basic Policies for Sustainability
To promote sustainable management, we revised our Basic Policies for CSR as the UBE Group Basic Policies for Sustainability in April 2021.
Social Contribution Activities
We aim to contribute to progress in communities worldwide as a good corporate citizen by under- taking social contribution activities in Japan and overseas.
• Social Contribution Activities Structure
Group companies and sites undertake voluntary social contribution initiatives in keeping with the UBE Group Guidelines for Social Contribution Activities*. Regular reports on these efforts go to top management. We annually survey these activi- ties at business sites and Group companies to check on progress and we report findings to the director in charge. By sharing results Groupwide, we are making initiatives more effective.
Depending on amounts, our activity funding and donation activities require approval from the president or officers in charge.
• Key Social Contribution Activities
We invest in various social contribution initiatives, focusing on the categories of environment, communities, academia and research, and educa- tion and culture. Our social contribution activities spending in fiscal 2020 was approximately ¥220 million.
1. Global Environment—We will seek to conserve the global environment in all its diversity and ensure a global environment that is safe and secure to live in for future generations.
2. Communities—We will contribute to the advancement of communities, under the found- ing spirit of coexistence and mutual prosperity that has guided the UBE Group for over 120 years.
3. Science and Research—We will aim to contrib- ute to scientific progress and foster richly creative human resources by collaborating with universities and research institutions.
4. Education and Culture—We will broadly send the message of chemistry as an appealing field to future generations in whose hands we will leave the future, and will continue to support cultural activities and the arts.
* Please visit the Community Engagement section of the UBE Group’s website for details on our social contribution activities.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/communication/com- munity.html
  The UBE Group lives up to its founding spirit and corporate philosophy by ensuring that its businesses contribute to a sustainable world.
1. In accordance with laws and regulations at home and abroad, and international norms and guidelines that should be observed, and with respect for human rights, we will pursue our corporate activities in a sound and fair manner.
2. We will pursue corporate governance that is in keeping with the demands of society and strive to continuously expand revenues and enhance our corporate value.
3. We will secure safety and quality in providing environmentally friendly products.
4. We will strive to reduce the environmental impact of our business activities and effec- tively utilize resources in order to conserve the global environment.
5. We will practice appropriate information disclosure for all stakeholders and readily communicate with society.
6. As a good corporate citizen, we will engage in social initiatives at home and abroad, to contribute to the growth of communities.
Social Contribution Activities
 52

      ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Human Resources / Human Rights
   Human Resources Management
Human Resources
The UBE Group considers employees its most important resource for supporting sustainable growth. Accordingly, one of our management policies prizes people. We formulated the UBE Group Human Resources Management
Guidelines to motivate employees to do their best.
Details about the Group’s human resources management and strategies are available on the UBE Group’s website: https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/laborrights/laborrights.html
 Diversity and Inclusion and Workplace Reforms
We have committed ourselves to diversity and inclusion* to foster a creative, enterprising corporate culture. In 2013, we established a diversity unit to champion women’s advancement by diversifying human resources while reforming work practices.
Addressing the Gender Gap
As of March 31, 2021, 8.4% of parent company employees were women, up from 8.1% a year earlier. Women represented 2.8% of our manage- ment pool, compared with 2.6% a year earlier. In fiscal 2019, we launched a three-year action plan based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Partici- pation and Advancement in the Workplace. The plan encompasses the following three benchmarks to create work environments that empower women. (1) A paid vacation usage rate of 80% or more
(2) At least 70% of eligible male employees taking childcare leave
Female Employee Activity Benchmarks
Women as percentage of new graduate hires Proportion of female employees
Proportion of women in managerial posts
(3) Women representing at least 20% of new grad- uate hires for generalist positions
Our efforts thus far have enabled women to broaden their career horizons and become frontline employees in a range of workplaces. Most of our female employees return to work after maternity leave. As well, the number of male and female employees balancing childcare and professional commitments is rising each year.
Hiring Breakdown
Fiscal Year
New graduate hires (Generalist positions)
New graduate hires
(Key employee positions)
Mid-career hires Hires with disabilities
Hires of non-Japanese nationals
Number of People
2018 2019 2020
  37 (9) 47 (8)
30 (2) 56 (8)
57 (3) 50 (6) 2 (0) 3 (2)
1 (1) 1 (0)
58 (14)
69 (10)
18 (1) 1 (0)
1 (0)
      26.1
Number of male employees taking childcare leave
86
24.1
 (%)
70
21.7
24.3
69 72
17.0
  21.4
  18.5
14.0
6.2 6.4
56 44
   8.0 9.1
32
8.1
7.5 8.4
6.2 0 0.8
2011
6.0
6.7
1.1
2015
7.0 7.3 1.4 1.5
2016 2017
2016
Women’s Advancement Initiatives
2010 2012
Increased proportion of female employees
2014
2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2018 2020
30% or more
9 16
0.7 0.7 0.8
2012 2013 2014
2.4
2.6 2.8
  New graduates 20% or more
   Expanded scope of positions for women
Held lectures and training for managers, trained women in key employee positions, and improved facilities and equipment
 Enhanced workplace culture
Encouraged men to participate in childcare, encouraged people to balance nursing care and professional commitments, and formulated flexible work programs
Cultivated female executives and managers
 * Diversity and inclusion: Accepting people from diverse backgrounds, recognizing and drawing on individuals’ abilities, experiences, and ways of thinking
53

New Initiatives from Fiscal 2021
We formulated the following action plan to address delays in promoting women to executive and management positions. The Human Resources Department will augment these efforts by conduct- ing career development interviews, undertaking
systematic rotations, and exchanging views with top management as part of efforts
to bolster our Female Executive Development Program and accelerate appointments of female executives and managers.
 Voluntary Action Plan to Promote Women to Executive and Managerial Positions
Diversity and inclusion underpins our management policies. We are striving to enhance work practice flexibility to cater to diverse personalities and values and hire more women,and offer them more opportunities to play active roles in our organization.
We formulated the following action plan to increase the proportion of female managers to 15% by the end of fiscal 2030.
• Appoint women to more than 30% of new graduate career-track positions
• Implement various measures to foster women’s career advancement
• Provide unconscious bias training
• Create climate that empowers women to expand their job scopes
• Bolster support programs for childbirth, childcare, nursing care, and other life events and make those
programs easily accessible for all female and male employees alike
• Eliminate long working hours
Rehiring Retirees
We provide second career training for employees after they reach the standard retirement age of 60 so they can draw on their experience and skills and enable them to work anywhere internally and externally. We rehired 96.8% of new retirees in fiscal 2020.
Recruiting People with Disabilities
We set up the UBE Group Support Network for Employment of People with Disabilities. The Group endeavors to employ and retain these individuals by drawing on the expertise of Libertas Ube, Ltd., a special-purpose subsidiary.
Enhancing Work Style Reform
We strive to streamline efficiency by reviewing tasks from a range of perspectives, including through the use of ICT. At the same time, we are developing systems and environments that enhance work flexibility.
We will keep encouraging teleworking and web conferencing, which have proven effective in enhancing productivity while helping prevent the spread of COVID-19.
We set annual working hours targets through labor–management negotiation. In addition, we track monthly progress against targets for overtime and annual paid leave usage.
In fiscal 2020, total working hours and the annual paid leave usage rates deteriorated owing to several factors, including large biennial repairs of plant facilities, temporary workload spikes in response to the pandemic, and lower efficiency. For fiscal 2021, labor and management agreed to a target of 1,936 working hours, and will keep endeavoring to foster a healthy work–life balance. We constantly roll out new programs to help employees balance work and childcare and nursing care commitments.
Percentage of Employees with Disabilities
Total hours worked
Overtime
(Hours)
2,000
1,800
200 199 194 199
 (%)
1,990 1,987
1,980
1,949
2.41 2.44
2.39
2.35
2.39
2020 (FY)
1,955
177
    Statutory rate 2.0
2016 2017
Statutory rate
has been changed to 2.2 since FY2018
2018 2019
0 2016 2017
2018 2019
170
2020 (FY)
   54

  Annual paid leave taken
(Days)
Ratio of annual paid leave taken
Self-driven and personally responsible
Corporate philosophy and management principles
Human resources ideal
   (%)
   74 13.3 14.0
2016 2017
78 15.0
2018
81 15.4
2019
67 13.1
2020 (FY)
Employees
Expected roles
Company
Abilities management
 70
       Example support programs for balancing profes- sional and private commitments
1. Full flextime with no core time
2. Shorter working hours owing to illness or for
taking children to school
3. Annual paid leave in half-day or hourly units
4. Teleworking program
5. Rehiring program
pursuing results. This is in keeping with founding principles that champion responding to changes in the environment to constantly innovate technology and practice self-improvement. We maintain a personnel system in which we clarify what we expect of employees and fairly evaluate perfor- mances so all of them understand their missions and find fulfillment through work.
We revised our personnel systems for each
job level in fiscal 2019 and 2020 to foster human resources development that encourages people to reach their goals and motivates them to perform better. While decreasing allowances such as for the portion based on age, we changed our evalua- tion and qualification systems to better emphasize performance and offered greater fulfillment by providing more opportunities for advancement
and salary raises. We will reinforce our human resources development capabilities through a compensation system that rewards managers for their zeal in guiding and developing subordinates and successors.
Please visit the UBE Group’s website for more
information about human resources development
and training initiatives.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/laborrights/laborrights. html
Nonetheless, recent years have seen more employees quit soon after joining, particularly those in key employee positions. We believe this stems from gaps between anticipated and actual work content and insufficient follow-up after people enter the Company. We are endeavoring to stem resignations by properly informing key employee position seekers while expanding a program that provides guidance and mental care after people become employees.
Personnel System / Human Resources Development
UBE encourages its people to be self-driven and hold themselves personally responsible for
Human Resources
  Employee Turnover
Employee turnover in first three years
Employee turnover (excluding retirement)
(%)
 3.8 1.1
3.2 2.2
7.3 5.9
1.5 1.6
2018 2019
6.0 1.4
2020 (FY)
Employees undergoing training with prevention measures against COVID-19
  2016 2017
55

   Health Management Initiatives
Health Management Initiatives
The Group Strategic Management Meeting oversees employee health based on the UBE Management Principles. Our health endeavors earned recognition under the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Indus- try’s Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program in 2021.
Human Rights
Details about the Group’s
health management initiatives
are on the UBE Group’s
website:
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/rc/environment/work- place.html
  The UBE Group has made respecting human rights central to its corpo- rate activities. We formulated the UBE Group Human Rights Guidelines in line with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We will fulfill our corporate social responsibilities by swiftly identi- fying, preventing, and mitigating anything in our corporate activities that undermines human rights.
  Human Rights and Labor
Respect for Human Rights
The UBE Group Action Guidelines state our respect for individuals while fostering mutual understanding and eliminating discrimination. The guidelines also state that we oppose forced and child labor, human trafficking, and all other inhu- mane practices and reject any ties with individuals or organizations engaging in such practices.
We created a framework to educate internally about human rights based on the UBE Group Human Rights Guidelines. We ensure that all employees understand and embody our stance on human rights in all aspects of business by providing ongoing executive, business site, and job classification-based training through external instructors.
Human Rights Training (Fiscal 2020)
(Number of trainings held)
We also strive to respect human rights across our supply chain. We accordingly formulated the UBE Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines, which encompass measures to uphold those rights among all suppliers. We collaborate with suppliers on human rights issues, including those associated with work environments, as well as the risks of violations, by regularly conducting CSR-oriented risk assessments of major suppliers.
Please visit the Human Rights and Labor section of the UBE Group’s website for the UBE Group Human Rights Guidelines. https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/laborrights/index.html
Labor Rights
The UBE Group respects the basic rights of work- ers, including the freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining.
We have concluded an agreement with the Ube Industries Labor Union that encompasses worker rights. Management engages in negotiations and regular discussions with labor representatives to improve living standards and working conditions for union members and provide comfortable work environments. We endeavor to maintain and enhance healthy relationships between manage- ment and labor by having senior executives partici- pate in conference sessions with labor to exchange and honestly discuss views about the Company’s issues and direction and share management poli- cies and plans with union members while reflecting their feedback in management.
  56
In-house training 6 External instructors 32 e-learning 2
total number of participants: 260 (UBE) total number of participants: 35 (UBE)
attendance rate: 99% (UBE Group) (Japan)
   If human rights violations were to come to light through internal whistleblowing or business reports, the UBE Group would endeavor to step up efforts to respect these rights and prevent infringements from recurring by taking prompt corrective action and undertaking internal disciplinary measures as needed, reporting findings to management and disseminating that information throughout the Group.
UBE GROUP
HUMAN RIGHTS GUIDELINES

   ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Supply Chain Management
  Procurement Information
Thorough Procurement in Line with Basic Purchasing Guidelines
The UBE Group endeavors to build fair and honest business relationships. We purchase in line with the Basic Purchasing Guidelines—Fair Transactions, Objective Selection of Suppliers, Compliance with Laws and Regulations and Confidentiality, Green Purchasing, and Sustainable Procurement*, as disclosed in the purchasing information on the UBE Group’s website.
Detailed information on these policies is avail- able on the UBE Group’s website: https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/koubai/
Sustainable Procurement
The UBE Group prepared Sustainable Procure- ment Policies and UBE Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines that encompass respect- ing human rights, complying with laws and social norms such as eliminating anti-social forces, and safeguarding the environment to foster sustainable procurement that boosts standards across the entire supply chain.
We revised our guidelines and published them on the UBE Group’s website in April 2021.
We inform new suppliers that our basic
purchasing guidelines and UBE Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines are available on our Group website. https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/koubai/pdf/csr_guideline.pdf
The Third Survey of Major Business Partners
on CSR
In fiscal 2019, we conducted a third survey of 276 major business partners accounting for 90% of our procurement costs for materials, construction, packaging materials, and fuel oil. We compiled and analyzed the survey results, providing feedback Companywide. The goal of the survey
was to assess CSR progress among
business partners and seek improvements as needed. We spoke with business partners provid- ing inadequate responses to drive improvements.
Question categories
1. Internal CSR structure
2. Maintaining stable supplies and quality
3. Complying with corporate ethics, laws and
regulations, and social norms, and engaging
in fair trade
4. Caring for the environment
5. Respecting human rights, safety, and health
6. Contributing to and communicating with society
and managing and disclosing information
The average score overall out of a maximum of 5 in self-evaluations for 27 questions in the six categories above was 3.8. This indicates some progress in tackling issues. The score was best in the category for Respecting human rights, safety, and health, at 4.4. The score for Caring for the environment was relatively low, at 3.4.
Scores were 4 or higher for three human rights-related areas, which were bans on harass- ment, prohibitions on forced, slave, and child labor, and on labor at unjustly low wages, as well as prohibitions on discrimination based on gender, race, nationality, age, religion, or disabilities.
Please visit the Procurement Information section of the UBE Group’s website for the survey results. https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/koubai/pdf/customer_01.pdf
Comparison of the Second and the Third Survey Results
 UBE Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines
The Third Survey of Major Business Partners on CSR
Second Third
4.4
5. Respecting human rights, safety, and health
5.0 4.0 3.0
4.0 2.0 1.0 0.0
1. Internal CSR structure
   6. Contributing to and communicating with society and managing and disclosing information
3.6
3.4
4.
Caring for the environment
2.
3.8 Maintaining
4.0
stable supplies and quality
Complying with corporate ethics, laws and regula- tions, and social norms, and engaging in fair trade
57

ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Environment and Safety Management
  The UBE Group has made safeguarding the environment, safety, and health top priorities so it can provide products and services that contribute to better lives and achieve solid and sustainable growth.
We defined priority environmental and safety measures under the UBE Group Environmental and Safety Guidelines to reflect the activities of business sites and partner companies*.
  UBE Group Environmental and Safety Guidelines
We will make it our shared value to prioritize safety in everything we do, realizing safety and security in the workplace and local communities, and conserving the global environment.
(1) We will secure healthy, safe and comfortable working conditions, aiming to eliminate occupational accidents.
(2) We will ensure the safety and security of facilities and operations, aiming to eliminate facilities accidents.
(3) We will reduce our emissions of waste and chemical substances, and contribute to establishing a recycling-based society by recycling and effectively using resources.
(4) We will voluntarily and continuously work to address global environmental issues in order to contribute to a sustainable society.
(5) We will strive to maintain and improve the health of working persons, who give vitality to society and corporations.
Published on April 1, 2019 Revised on April 1, 2020
Environmental and Safety Organization
Policies and measures relating to such environmental safety components as occupational safety and health, process safety and disaster prevention, environmental preservation, and environmental issues are key management issues. The President and CEO chairs the Group Strategic Management Meeting (Environment and Safety), which deliberates and decides on these issues. The meeting also serves as a process safety headquarters prescribed in a ministerial order relating to high-pressure gas safety (HPGS), discussing and determining important matters relating to process safety at certified sites for high-pressure gas.
Structure of Environment and Safety-Related Meetings
Group Strategic Management Meeting Chairman: President and CEO (Environment and Safety)
Environmental Safety Measures
We implement PDCA cycles based on our environmental
and safety measures to constantly improve efforts relating
to occupational safety and health, process safety and
disaster prevention, environmental preservation, and
environmental issues. The Outline of Environment and
Safety Activities on pages 1–2 of the 2021 Integrated
Report Supplementary Information (Environment and
Safety) presents our environmental safety activity plans
Plan
Policy deliberations and decisions
Annual RC Activities’ PDCA Cycle
Check
Check
The Group Strategic Manage- ment Meeting discusses and determines Companywide measures, based on which each business formulates annual activity goals and schedules.
Secretariat
ES Department
Chemicals Business
Construction Materials Company ES Department (Construction Materials Business)
ES Division of Machinery Company / UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd. (Machinery Business)
   58
Outline of Environment and Safety Activities
Glossary
and achievements.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/ir_library/integrated_report/ pdf/2021/integrated_report_environmental_safety_0.pdf
We improve areas in which we have identified issues and reflect progress with improvements in measures for the following fiscal year.
We audit and inspect activity progress and identify concerns.
Do A Implementation
P
Facilities D
C
 * Partner companies: Including construction and other contractors
Act
Review
  All businesses
and offices and facilities undertake activities as scheduled.

  ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Occupational Safety and Health / Process Safety and Disaster Prevention
    Occupational Safety and Health
Measures to Prevent Occupational Accidents
Pointing and Calling
Eliminating Major Disasters
We have undertaken a range of activities to prevent occupational accidents. In fiscal 2018,
we initiated efforts that centered on eliminating major incidents. We conduct risk assessments
of work that is highly susceptible to serious acci- dents. We implement systematic risk reduction measures and endeavor to make operations inher- ently safe. From fiscal 2020, we undertook safety activities with partner companies* that we added as a priority item.
We investigate the causes of all incidents regardless of whether they result in lost time, striving to prevent similar incidents by assessing and rolling out measures.
Fostering a Safety-Driven Corporate Culture
To make existing safety activities more compre- hensive and effective, in fiscal 2016 we launched initiatives aimed at fostering a safety-driven corpo- rate culture, encompassing eight elements. These are organizational governance, positive involve- ment, resource management, work management, motivation, learning and knowledge transmission, risk perception, and mutual understanding. In keeping with findings from assessments based
on headquarters’ evaluation standards, business sites identify issues and formulate and execute plans to cultivate a safety culture as part of ongoing improvement efforts.
Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate
UBE Group employees Employees of partner companies of the UBE Group*
2.42
1.15
0.88
Cement industry and cement manufacturers
Chemical industry Manufacturing industry
(Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare statistics)
Number of Fatal and Lost-Time Incidents among Domestic Operations
Number of Lost-Time Incidents
UBE Group employees
Employees of partner companies of the UBE Group*
2.17
1.92
 (
Number of fatal incidents)
1.99
(Incidents)
77
88
    6
1.21 1.02 0.81
1.20 1.20 1.21
  55
0.90 0.96
    333 0.680.720.77
0.74
0.93
0.52
0.30
0.19
0.19 0.32
2019 2020 (FY)
 0.18
  2016 2017 2018 2019
Process Safety and Disaster Prevention
2020 (FY)
2016 2017 2018
     Industrial Safety Action Plans
Page 4 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Information (Environment
and Safety) presents these initiatives.
Glossary
We endeavor to eliminate process accidents through initiatives that ensure our facilities are
safe and secure. We also undertake activities to minimize damage in the event of major natural disasters. In fiscal 2020, we focused on compre- hensive measures to address the risks of accidents at aging facilities, improving safety at certified high-pressure gas sites, and implementing
natural disaster measures.
Measures to address the risks of accidents at
aging facilities entail each business site inspecting and assessing aging facilities and formulating
improvement plans. We have rolled out initiatives to prevent electrical equipment problems that have arisen in recent years from recurring. By undertak- ing comprehensive risk measures, we endeavor
to build business sites that are impervious to accidents.
For certified high-pressure gas sites, we set
up an improvement agenda in line with assessment findings from the Japan Safety Competency Center and engage in systematic improvement initiatives.
We push ahead with measures to address natu- ral disasters by having each business site conduct self-assessments in line with self-assessment criteria for such measures, and pursue ongoing improvements. We also respond to the Industrial Process Safety Action Plan of the Japan Petrochemical Industry Association.
 * Partner companies: Please see the glossary on page 58.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/ir_library/integrated_report/pdf/2021/integrated_report_environmental_safety_2.pdf
59

ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Environmental Preservation
GHG
NOX environmental issues to ensure sustainable social progress and
  Environmental Performance
CO2
SOX
The UBE Group believes that tackling
fostering stakeholder trust by announcing outcomes are vital for sustainable corporate growth.
 Water Resource Usage
Page 9 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) details water resource usage by source and water discharges by discharge location.
Overview of Group Environmental Impact (Fiscal 2016 through 2020)
(Scope of data: UBE’s domestic factories and laboratories and
major domestic consolidated subsidiaries with factories (please see note 1))
Input
2019 2020 22,140 20,920 16,298 15,381
97 94 115 108
 Total energy (thousands of MWh)
Total raw materials (thousands of tons)
Water resources (Note 2) (million m3)
Fresh water used Seawater used
2016 2017 2018 22,070 21,980 21,970 16,209 16,361 16,383
96 94 92 108 115 106
         https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/ir_library/integrated_report/pdf/2021/ integrated_report_environmental_safety_6.pdf
Business activities (manufacturing) of the UBE Group
             Emissions Data by Facility
Page 5 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) presents facility-specific emissions of SOx, NOx, dust, COD, total phosphorus, and total nitrogen.
Airborne emissions
Soil emissions Waterborne emissions
Industrial waste emissions
GHG (1,000 t - CO2 e/y) SOx*1 (t)
NOx*2 (t)
Dust (t)
PRTR substances*3 (t) PRTR substances (t) Wastewater (million m3) COD*4 (t)
Total phosphorus (t)
Total nitrogen (t)
PRTR substances (t) Off-site disposal volume (t) Recycled volume (t)
2016 2017 2018 12,300 12,300 12,010 3,001 2,839 2,873 14,834 14,949 16,149 393 341 356 140 162 198 0 0 0 156 162 147 724 747 642 10 11 9 500 519 468 122 119 97 7,550 6,561 6,730
Output
2019 2020 12,110 11,270 2,652 2,589 16,071 15,274 371 392 180 190 0 0 163 152 705 658 11 10 466 420 112 82 6,463 6,347 389,000 340,543
       421,290
386,661 370,451
 60
Glossary
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/ir_library/integrated_report/pdf/2021/integrated_report_environmental_safety_3.pdf
We endeavor to safeguard the environment and comply with levels set through agreements with government bodies or with voluntary standards by stabilizing plant operations and by extensively controlling air and water emissions of pollutants, and also undertake ongoing environmental impact reduction activities. UBE plants are located along rivers, so the risks of water shortages are small.
However, each plant manages water consumption and discharges to use water more efficiently.
We will continue to engage in business activi- ties that contribute to a recycling-based economy as part of environmental management, such as by tackling environmental issues, reducing and recycling industrial waste, and lowering chemical substance emissions.
*1 Sulfur oxides (SOx) originate in the sulfur (S) component of fuels. Boilers are our main source of these oxides.
*2 Nitrogen oxides (NOx) stem from fuel combustion, primarily from Group boilers and cement kilns.
*3 Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) Law: This legislation requires companies to identify business site chemical substance emissions and transfer volumes and report to
the government. The Ministry of the Environment discloses the submitted information on its website. Such disclosure is designed to encourage voluntary efforts to improve chemical
substance management.
*4 Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD): This is an indicator of water pollution by organic substances and represents the amount of oxygen consumed in the chemical oxidation of organic
matter.
Notes: 1. Page 10 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) presents details of the scope of data.
2. Water resource inputs are in keeping with the Ministry of the Environment’s Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018. These inputs are withdrawal from external sources to
business sites.

    Suppressing Chemical Substance Emissions
Scope of data: UBE’s domestic factories and laboratories and major domestic consolidated subsidiaries with factories (please see note)
The chemical industry complies with laws and regulations while endeavoring to voluntarily cut chemical substance emissions through a disclosure program based on the PRTR Law*1. The UBE Group chose 20 substances whose emissions
Emissions Volume of PRTR Substances
Released into water
Released into the atmosphere
 We handle 66 of the 462 substances subject to the PRTR Law. Our emissions of these substances in fiscal 2020 were down 37% from fiscal 2010.
Suppressing VOC Emissions
The UBE Group’s VOC emissions in fiscal 2020 were 37% lower than those in fiscal 2010.
636 645
700 610
2018 2019
646
2020 (FY)
(t/y)
435
PRTR Substances
Page 6 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Infor- mation (Environment and Safety) presents emissions and transfer volumes and other data on the top 10 sub- stances in terms of emissions volume.
 are significant*2 from substances subject to the PRTR Law, as well as volatile organic compounds (VOCs)*3. We positioned them as key substances Companywide. By fiscal 2021, we aim to lower their emissions by 37% from the fiscal 2010 level.
In fiscal 2020, we lowered emissions of these 20 substances by 29% from the fiscal 2010 level, suppressing emissions subject to the PRTR Law and VOC emissions.
Suppressing PRTR Substance Emissions
262 281 295
291 272
2019 2020 (FY)
 2010 2016 2017 2018
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/ir_library/integrated_report/ pdf/2021/integrated_report_environmental_safety_4.pdf
VOC Emissions
(t/y)
1,032
 2010 2016 2017
 Reducing Industrial Waste
Scope of data: UBE’s domestic factories and laboratories and major domestic consolidated subsidiaries with factories (please see note)
The Japanese government’s 4th Fundamental Plan for Establishing a Sound Material-Cycle Society targets a 77% reduction in industrial waste landfill amounts from 2000 levels by 2025. As
part of efforts to contribute to a recycling-based society, the UBE Group has set a target of reduc- ing external landfill volumes by 83% from the fiscal 2000 level by fiscal 2021, and is accordingly endeavoring to recycle industrial waste and cut landfill volume.
Industrial Waste Recycling
Our chemical factories, in-house power stations, machinery factories, and other facilities generate an array of industrial waste. We recycle most of this material at cement factories and other Group facilities.
Industrial Waste for External Final Disposal
In fiscal 2020, we lowered such waste by 81% from the fiscal 2000 level. We will keep endeavor- ing to cut volumes from fiscal 2021.
Glossary
Industrial Waste Recycling Amount
Industrial Waste Recycling Ratio (%)
72
341
Group companies
UBE
(1,000t/y) 74 421
69 71 69
387 370 389
 2016 2017 2018 2019
Industrial Waste for External Final Disposal
Group companies
UBE
(t/y) 80 79 32,570 77
2020 (FY)
Reduction from FY2000 (%)
   7,550 6,561
2000 2016 2017
6,730
2018
6,347
2020 (FY)
Page 6 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Infor- mation (Environment and Safety) presents the amounts of industrial waste generated, recycled, reduced, and emitted in fiscal 2020.
80
6,463
2019
81 Industrial Waste Treatment Flow
  https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/ir_library/integrated_report/ pdf/2021/integrated_report_environmental_safety_4.pdf
*1 Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) Law: Please see the glossary on page 60.
*2 UBE’s 20 voluntarily selected chemical substances: Please see page 2 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety).
*3 Volatile organic compounds (VOCs): These organic chemicals evaporate or sublimate easily, entering the atmosphere as gases. They are factors in the forming of suspended
particulate matter (PM) and photochemical oxidant pollution.
Note: Page 10 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) presents details of the scope of data.
61

 62
The UBE Group’s Basic Stance on Environmental Issues
Structure Relating to Environmental Issues
GHG Emissions
Page 7 of the 2021 Integrated Report Supplementary Infor- mation (Environment and Safety) presents GHG emis- sions by segment.
We will continue striving to achieve these goals.
Detailed information about our basic approach
to tackling environmental issues is available on the
UBE Group’s website:
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/rc/environment/ issues.html
Structure Relating to Environmental Issues
Information about a chart on the structure relating
to environmental issues is available on the UBE
Group’s website:
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/rc/environment/ issues.html
(1) Tackling Global Warming
• Cutting GHG Emissions
We reached our fiscal 2021 goal of reducing GHG emissions by 15% from fiscal 2005 levels ahead of schedule. We are now striving to further conserve energy and recycle more waste so we can reach our goal of cutting emissions by 17% Groupwide and 20% in the chemicals business from fiscal 2013
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/ir_library/integrated_report/ pdf/2021/integrated_report_environmental_safety_5.pdf
Environmental Issues
Initiatives to Address Environmental Issues
In April 2020, we identified four aspects of global environmental issues for which we have formulated a unified Group stance. These are tackling global warming, dealing with marine plastic waste, protect- ing biodiversity, and safeguarding water resources.
We now seek to generate at least 50% of consolidated net sales from environmentally friendly products and technologies by fiscal 2030.
levels by fiscal 2030. We will focus on developing technologies to recover and use CO2, thereby helping lower the overall GHG emissions of our supply chain.
• Creating and Expanding New Products and Technologies to Help Reduce Environmental Impact
We have reached the fiscal 2021 target ratio of
the sales of such products and technologies to net sales in fiscal 2020, one year ahead of the target year. Going forward, we aim for 50% or more by fiscal 2030.
(2) Dealing with Marine Plastic Waste
We use waste plastics as a source of energy for cement production, helping reduce the volume of this material going to landfills. We help prevent plastic from being discarded and flowing into the oceans by conducting
cleaning along the industrial roads around our plants.
The UBE-Fujimagari
Factory collects plastic
and other waste along
the Kotou River each
June as part of Environ-
ment Month and the Seto
Inland Seawater Conser-
vation Month. The Chiba Petrochemical Factory removes polyethylene pellets from wastewater and collects them at the final wastewater treatment facility. It regularly cleans one kilometer of roads
Collecting plastic and other waste around Chiba Petrochemical Factory
Collecting plastic and other waste around UBE Film, Ltd.
Environmental Issues
Global Warming
Marine Plastic Waste
Biodiversity
Water Resource Conservation
Goals and Initiatives
Generate at least 50% of consolidated net sales from environmentally friendly products and technologies by fiscal 2030
Provide materials and products that help reduce and recover GHG emissions
Develop and provide materials and prod- ucts that help resolve issues with plastic waste
Help safeguard the environment and conserve biodiversity through business activities
Help conserve water by properly using and managing these resources
Set targets for cutting GHG emissions as key environmental challenges
Global warming countermeasures
Targets
Reduce GHG emissions by 17% by fiscal 2030 (Chemicals: 20% reduction) (from fiscal 2013 levels)
Polyethylene pellet collection equipment at Chiba Petrochem- ical Factory

     within its premises. Approximately 100 employees from UBE Film, Ltd., take part in local cleanups each year, with 50 of them helping clean up plant environs once a month. UBE Steel Co., Ltd., uses high-temperature electric furnaces to melt steel scrap as a key raw material for mainstay billets and castings. It also melts glass and waste plastics at high temperatures during manufacturing processes to dispose of waste and use resources effectively.
(3) Safeguarding Biodiversity and Conserving Water Resources
• Private Business Partnership to Preserve Biodiversity
We support the Declara-
tion of Biodiversity by
Keidanren (Japan Busi-
ness Federation) and take
part in its Business and
Biodiversity Partnership.
The Chiba Petrochemical
Factory participates in
Chiba Prefecture’s biodiversity conservation activi- ties to help preserve the Japanese white pine*, growing this tree on its premises.
* The Japanese white pine in the Boso Hills is an extremely valuable cold season relic, but the local population of these trees has rapidly declined, prompting the Chiba prefectural government to designate it a most important protected species and undertake steps to both protect it and restore numbers.
• Forest Conservation Initiatives
In fiscal 2020, 54 employees volunteered to take part in the 13th Forest Creation Experiential Activity for Water Conservation, thinning and logging bamboo.
Although we had to reduce the number of participants and shorten the activities because of the COVID-19 pandemic, this annual initiative is held for employees of companies using the Kotou River system in Yamaguchi Prefecture. It helps forests retain water and educates participants about the links between water and forests.
Officials from the Mine Agriculture and Forestry Office lectured participants about the benefits of forest conservation, deepening their understanding about the environment and the importance of conservation.
Employees participating in the 13th Forest Creation Experiential Activity for Water Conservation
Initiatives to Reduce GHG Emissions Progress toward GHG Emissions Reduction Targets
GHG Emissions
(kt-CO2e/y) 14,200
15% reduction from fiscal 2005 levels by fiscal 2021
17% reduction from fiscal 2013 levels by fiscal 2030 (Chemicals: 20% reduction)
 13,000
11,000
12,010 12,110 11,270
10,700
12,800
       0 2005 2013 2018 2019 2020 2030(FY) Progress in Creating and Expanding Our Lineup of
Environmentally Friendly Products and Technologies
Aiming to raise the ratio to 50% or more by fiscal 2030
 Sales of environmentally friendly
Technologies as a percentage of sales 50 (%)
products and technologies
(Billions of yen)
   200 100 0
27
188.0
2017
28
200.0
2018
29
190.0
2019
30
187.0
2020
2030 (FY)
    Emissions by Scope in Fiscal 2020
Scope 3:
13,490 kt-CO2e/y
Scope 1:
10,690 kt-CO2e/y
 GHG Emissions (by Business) in Fiscal 2020
kt-CO2e
Scope Scope 1 2
2,970 510 2,150 200 410 290 410 20 7,530 70 190 10 Total 10,690 580
Total 3,480
2,350 700 430 7,600 200 11,270
Scope 2:
580 kt-CO2e/y
 Business sites Chemicals Segment
   Japan Thailand Spain
      Construction Materials Company Machinery Company
     63

    ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Using Resources Effectively
  Our cement factories recycle diverse waste and by-products as raw materials for cement and ther- mal energy alternatives. Our cement kilns operate at up to 1,450°C, so they can burn and detoxify substances that conventional counterparts could not handle. They can also process large waste volumes. It is also possible to use ash from inciner- ation as an alternative to the clay used in cement, thereby eliminating the need to maintain final disposal sites.
In fiscal 2020, our three cement factories harnessed 3.19 million metric tons of waste and by-products, 2.84 million metric tons of which we
sourced externally, contribut- ing considerably to a recycling-oriented society.
We are developing new
businesses to use waste
materials in applications other
than as materials for cement.
For example, we are recycling waste plasterboard and exploring the use of sewage sludge, a biomass resource. We will continue to boost our capacity for handling various waste as part of efforts to expand our resource recycling business.
Please see Non-Financial Highlights on page 3 for details of our usage of waste substances and by-products.
•Soil from construction
3,190,000t
   Cement Factory Resource Recycling
 Legend
• Used as Materials • Alternative Fuel
• By-Products
Sewage treatment plant
Homes and offices
•Waste plastics
Waste incineration facility
Intermediate processing facility for incinerated ash
Coal-fired power plant
•Coal ash •Fly ash
•Blast furnace slag •Slag
•Waste oil and fluids •Paper and other sludge •Shredder dust
           RDF*
production •RDF facility
•Incinerated ash
•Preprocessing ash
Cement Factory
•By-product gypsum
Ironworks
      •Sewage sludge
          •Woodchips Construction site
Cements
•Meat and bone meal
    Overview of Waste and By-Products Usage Flows during Cement Production Unit: 1,000 t/y
(Fiscal 2020)
Other industries
 Main Ingredients of Cement
Limestone, Clay, Silica, and Iron
Three Cement Factories
    Total Waste and By-Products Reused 3,190 Kt
Cement
Production 7,260 Kt
         Raw materials mill
Finishing mill
By-product gypsum 210 Blast furnace slag 520
•By-Products 730
Product silo
        64
Glossary
Coal ash 1,190 Sludge 490 Slag 340 Others 110
Kiln
Waste plastics RDF* Recycled oil, etc.
•Alternative Fuel 330
•Used as Materials 2,130
* Refuse-derived fuel (RDF): A solidified fuel made of waste plastic, woodchips, and household waste.

 ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Product Safety and Quality Assurance
   Product Safety
SDS
U-CHRIP
SDS SDS
Complying with Chemical Substance Management Laws and Regulations
Product safety is part of quality, and we work to manage this in line with our quality management system. We use our SDS*1 production support system, as well as UBE-CHemical Regulation Infor- mation Platform (U-CHRIP), a comprehensive data- base developed by UBE, for managing information about chemical substances, and other ICT to manage hazard information*2 of substances we use and the compliance status of substances we handle to ensure that we adhere to laws and regulations.
Supply Chain Communication
We supply local-language versions of SDSs and product labels for all products, complying with regulations in each country to ensure the safe use of chemical products throughout the life cycle of prod- ucts, and maintain websites for key product SDSs.
Quality Assurance
Chemicals Segment
Regaining Trust by Steadily Implementing Measures to Prevent Issues from Recurring
The Chemicals segment is deploying measures to prevent a recurrence of quality inspection impropri- eties. We will work to regain stakeholder trust by steadily and continuously implementing these measures. To meet quality requirements specific to pharmaceuticals, the Pharmaceutical Division will remain committed to its Pharmaceutical Quality Policy through its proprietary pharmaceutical quality system.
All employees remain very quality conscious, seek to create value that is unique to the UBE Group, and endeavor to delivery attractive quality.
Construction Materials Company
Maintaining Safe and Reliable Product Supplies
The Construction Materials Company engages
in cement, resource recycling, and energy busi- nesses. It also supplies ready-mixed concrete, magnesia and calcia, and construction material products in Japan and abroad. The company’s Quality Assurance Department oversees quality assurance and product safety systems. It conducts
To realize green procurement*3, we are identify- ing hazardous chemical substances in our prod- ucts and informing customers.
We endeavor to prevent logistics incidents and enhance logistics by improving information that can be used in the event that something goes wrong during transportation.
Cooperating with Industry Associations
Since fiscal 2011, we have participated in the Japan Chemical Industry Association (JCIA)’s voluntary chemical substance risk management activities while gathering and disseminating hazard information and risk assessments.
We support the International Council of Chemi- cal Association (ICCA)’s voluntary Long-Range Research Initiative, which focuses on the effects
of chemical substances on human health and
the environment.
quality and product safety audits, and has rein- forced its training programs to prevent incidents from recurring. The company will keep pushing ahead with its activities while raising awareness among management and employees, focusing
on fostering a corporate culture that ensures that everyone in the organization contributes to society by continuing to provide safe and reliable products that customers want.
Machinery Company
Continuing to Supply Quality Products and Services that Satisfy Customers and Build Trust The Machinery Company develops products from customer-centric perspectives by amply identifying diverse needs and their underpinnings. It contin- ues to provide safe and secure products and services across various fields, including molding machines, industrial machinery, bridges, and
steel products. The company developed human resources to comply with and uphold regulations and standards relating to business activities
while continuing to enhance quality management systems as part of an ongoing Groupwide
pursuit of outstanding quality.
 Glossary
*1 Safety Data Sheet (SDS): Documentation containing hazard and toxicity information about chemical substances that manufacturers disclose when supplying chemical substances and products incorporating them.
*2 Hazard information: Information on the inherent risks of chemical substances.
*3 Green procurement: Corporate purchases of raw materials, parts, and manufacturing facilities with minimal environmental footprints.
65

 Consolidated 10-Year Financial Summary
Ube Industries, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31
Results of Operations
(Millions of yen)
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
(Millions of yen)
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Breakdown of Net Sales by Reportable Segments
 Chemicals1
(Chemicals & Plastics)
(Specialty Chemicals & Products)
Pharmaceutical2
Construction Materials
Machinery3
Energy & Environment2
Others
Elimination & Corporate
 —
231,026
64,368
11,186
209,155
72,575
62,518
25,911
(38,086)
—
219,368
61,111
11,452
208,364
71,310
68,769
25,294
(39,646)
—
230,585
63,160
9,706
223,513
75,511
59,073
28,816
(39,854)
—
215,419
63,288
7,819
222,419
78,956
66,771
33,242
(46,155)
266,736
—
—
9,280
237,343
73,435
69,066
16,792
(30,902)
258,364
—
—
10,975
227,236
71,668
59,782
12,520
(23,982)
305,432
—
—
10,213
238,854
90,140
71,361
4,797
(25,223)
314,984
—
—
10,129
250,250
97,264
75,853
4,935
(23,258)
286,041
—
—
—
303,037
90,799
—
4,576
(16,561)
259,380
—
—
—
282,855
78,727
—
3,117
(10,190)
             Net sales
Cost of sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Non-operating income (loss)4
Ordinary profit4
Extraordinary items4
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
  638,653
512,447
80,200
46,006
(5,198)
40,808
(3,213)
37,595
22,969
626,022
517,769
78,291
29,962
(1,917)
28,045
(12,203)
15,842
8,265
650,510
546,340
79,757
24,413
(5,722)
18,691
975
19,666
12,623
641,759
538,983
78,629
24,147
(919)
23,228
(4,737)
18,491
14,649
641,750
519,960
80,382
41,408
(1,788)
39,620
(11,967)
27,653
19,111
616,563
500,642
80,961
34,960
(1,612)
33,348
(415)
32,933
24,185
695,574
560,100
85,224
50,250
478
50,728
(5,728)
45,000
31,680
730,157
600,301
85,305
44,551
3,302
47,853
(3,175)
44,678
32,499
667,892
549,698
84,161
34,033
1,691
35,724
(5,360)
30,364
22,976
613,889
509,327
78,660
25,902
(2,609)
23,293
(860)
22,433
22,936
           66
Notes: 1. The Chemicals & Plastics segment and the Specialty Chemicals & Products segment were integrated into the Chemicals segment on April 1, 2015.
2. The Pharmaceutical segment was integrated into the Chemicals segment and the Energy & Environment segment was integrated into the Construction Materials segment on
April 1, 2019.
3. The Machinery & Metal Products segment changed its name to the Machinery segment on April 1, 2016. 4. Based on Japanese GAAP

 Financial Position
(Millions of yen)
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 20185 2019 2020 2021
General
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Assets
Total property, plant and equipment, net
Liabilities and Net Assets
  Total current assets
Total investments and other assets
Total assets
Total current liabilities
Total long-term liabilities
(Non-controlling interests)
Total net assets
224,407 250,753 265,355 289,610 289,622 310,401 336,861 354,552 354,447 380,635
Number of employees
11,081 11,090 11,225 10,702 10,764 10,928 10,799 11,010 10,890 10,897
 284,417
313,949
66,599
664,965
267,391
173,167
24,472
287,399
323,717
74,768
685,884
250,936
184,195
34,736
296,538
332,416
71,761
700,715
257,958
177,402
23,077
282,816
347,438
81,292
711,546
239,500
182,436
25,718
276,925
323,800
79,058
679,783
233,256
156,905
22,463
295,041
331,443
82,895
709,379
245,828
153,150
23,179
316,876
334,262
91,307
742,445
253,098
152,486
20,837
315,699
331,316
93,271
740,286
226,063
159,671
24,406
303,956
330,042
93,271
727,269
199,336
173,486
21,479
331,727
331,223
106,760
769,710
200,440
188,635
21,075
           Per Share Data6 (Yen)
Other Data
  Net income, primary
Cash dividends applicable to the period
Net assets
Return on sales (ROS) (%)
Return on assets (ROA)7 (%)
Return on equity (ROE)8 (%)
Shares of common stock issued6, 9 (thousands)
Number of consolidated subsidiaries
Number of shareholders with voting rights
 22.85
5.00
198.41
7.2
7.2
11.9
1,007,030
67
55,407
8.22
5.00
214.35
4.8
4.8
4.0
1,007,017
67
57,243
12.16
5.00
228.51
3.8
3.6
5.5
1,059,897
65
58,873
13.85
5.00
248.89
3.8
3.8
5.8
1,059,955
71
64,449
18.06
5.00
251.90
6.5
6.5
7.2
1,060,090
68
52,977
22.85
6.00
270.76
5.7
5.5
8.7
1,060,316
70
51,769
301.65
75.00
3,002.86
7.2
7.6
10.5
105,244
70
44,758
312.36
80.00
3,261.23
6.1
6.9
10.1
101,258
71
43,013
227.33
90.00
3,287.73
5.1
5.2
6.9
101,318
69
44,732
226.79
90.00
3,549.52
4.2
3.7
6.6
101,144
66
54,045
           Notes: 5. We have restated financial position numbers for fiscal 2017 in line with a change in accounting standards.
6. The Company consolidated every 10 shares into one share, effective October 1, 2017.
7. ROA = (Operating profit + Interest and dividend income + Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method) / Average total assets 8. ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent / Average shareholders’ equity
9. Share of common stock issued excluded treasury stock
67

 Network
(As of March 31, 2021)
Overseas Offices
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal
Poligono El Serrallo, 12100 Grao de Castellon, Spain Phone: +34-964-738000
UBE Europe GmbH
Immermannhof, Immermannstr. 65B, D-40210 Düsseldorf, Germany
Phone: +49-211-17883-0
UBE America Inc.
38777 Six Mile Rd, Suite 400, Livonia, MI 48152, U.S.A. Phone: +1-248-869-0050
UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited
18th Floor, Sathorn Square Office Tower, No. 98 North Sathorn Road, Silom Sub-District, Bangrak District, Bangkok 10500, Thailand
Phone: +66-2206-9300
THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED
18th Floor, Sathorn Square Office Tower,
No. 98 North Sathorn Road, Silom Sub-District, Bangrak District, Bangkok 10500, Thailand Phone: +66-2206-9300
UBE (Shanghai) Ltd.
Room 2403, Shanghai International Trade Centre, Yan’an West Road 2201, Changning District, Shanghai 200336, China Phone: +86-21-6273-2288
UBE TAIWAN CO.,LTD.
Room 303, 3F, No. 205, Dunhua N. Rd., Taipei 105, Taiwan Phone: +886-2-8712-7600
UBE KOREA CO.,LTD.
2nd Floor, Donghoon Tower, 317, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul 06151, Korea
Phone: +82-2-557-7590
UBE Singapore Pte.Ltd.
150 Beach Road #20-05, Gateway West, Singapore 189720 Phone: +65-6291-9363
UBE INDUSTRIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Office No. 304, 3rd Floor, Times Tower, M.G. Road, Sector-28, Gurgaon 122001, Haryana, India
Phone: +91-124-422-7801~03
UBE Latin America Servicos Ltda.
Rua Iguatemi, 192-13th Floor, Room 134, CEP 01451-010, Itaim Bibi, São Paulo, SP, Brazil
Phone: +55-11-3078-5424
Net Sales
Country Currency 2019/3 2020/3 2021/3
 Company Name
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal
UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited
THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED
UBE Fine Chemicals (Asia) Co.,Ltd.
UBE Film, Ltd.
UBE EXSYMO CO., LTD.
Ube Material Industries, Ltd. UBE Shipping & Logistics, Ltd.
UBE Construction Materials Sales Co., Ltd.
Sanshin Tsusho Co., Ltd.
Kanto Ube Holdings Co., Ltd. (And 4 Other Subsidiaries)
UBE Construction Materials Co., Ltd.
UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd.
UBE Steel Co., Ltd. UBE Machinery Inc.
UBE Machinery (Shanghai) Ltd.
Company Name
Techno-UMG Co., Ltd.
UBE-MARUZEN POLYETHYLENE Co., Ltd. Chiba Butadiene Industry Company, Limited LOTTE UBE Synthetic Rubber SDN. BHD. SUMaterials Co., Ltd.
UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT CORPORATION
 Major Consolidated Subsidiaries
Business
Manufacture and sales of nylon, caprolactam, ammonium sulfate, and fine chemical products
Manufacture and sales of nylon, caprolactam, and ammonium sulfate
Manufacture and sales of polybutadiene rubber
Manufacture and sales of 1,6-Hexanediol (HDL), 1,5-Pentanediol (PDL), and polycarbonate diol (PCD)
Manufacture and sales of plastic film products
Manufacture and sales of polypropylene molded products, fibers, and fiber-reinforced plastics
Manufacture and sales of magnesia clinker, quicklime, slaked lime, etc.
Domestic shipping, harbor transportation, shipping-agent services, and customs clearing
Sales of cement, ready-mixed concrete, building materials, etc.
Sales of building materials, public works materials, etc. Manufacture and sales of ready-mixed concrete
Manufacture, sales, and construction of construction materials
Manufacture and sales of and services for molding machines, industrial machinery, and bridges, etc.
Manufacture and sales of cast iron and steel products and rolled steel billets
Manufacture and sales of and services for molding machines
Manufacture of molding machines, and sales of and services for molding machines and industrial machinery
Spain
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand Japan Japan
Japan Japan
Japan Japan Japan
Japan Japan Japan U.S.A. China
EUR million
THB billion
THB billion
THB billion JPY billion JPY billion
JPY billion JPY billion
JPY billion JPY billion JPY billion
JPY billion JPY billion JPY billion
USD million RMB million
382.9 343.3 304.7
13.3 9.1 8.2
4.6 3.6 2.9
1.1 1.0 1.1
9.8 9.8 9.4 13.5 13.6 12.3
49.9 47.6 39.7 18.7 19.6 18.1
63.8 58.2 64.6 23.6 23.3 21.7 13.0 13.4 14.3
10.6 10.7 10.2 44.8 46.8 42.2 23.6 20.4 19.8 71.0 46.7 54.2
177.2 144.4 117.4
                Major Equity-Method Affiliates
Development, manufacture, and sales of ABS resin and ABS polymer alloy products Development, manufacture, and sales of low-density polyethylene and HAO-LLDPE Manufacture and sales of butadiene
Manufacture and sales of polybutadiene rubber (synthetic rubber)
Production of polyimide for substrates to be used in next-generation displays Sales of cement, soil-stabilizing cement, slag, etc.
Japan Japan Japan
Malaysia Korea Japan
Business Country
       68

 Investor Information
Cover photos
(As of March 31, 2021)
Ube Industries, Ltd.
Effective from April 2022, UBE will change its trade name from Ube Industries, Ltd. to UBE Corporation.
Seavans North Bldg., 1-2-1, Shibaura, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8449, Japan
Phone: +81-3-5419-6110 Fax: +81-3-5419-6230
1978-96, Kogushi, Ube, Yamaguchi 755-8633, Japan Phone: +81-836-31-2111 Fax: +81-836-21-2252
1897
92 (66 consolidated subsidiaries and 26 equity-method affiliates)
April 1 to March 31
Outstanding: 101,144,078 shares
(excluding treasury stock of 5,056,029 shares)
¥58.4 billion
54,045
June
Tokyo Stock Exchange (Code: 4208) Fukuoka Stock Exchange Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation,
1-4-5, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8212, Japan Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
    Head Office
Tokyo Head Office (General Affairs Dept.)
   Ube Head Office
    Establishment Consolidated Companies Fiscal Year
Common Stock
Nylon
Caprolactam
Ready-mixed concrete
Polyimide
Injection molding machines
               Shareholder Composition
Securities Companies 2.27%
Paid-in Capital
Number of Shareholders with Voting Rights Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting Stock Exchange Listings
Transfer Agent and Share Registrar
Independent Auditors
Major Shareholders
Shareholder
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
SUMITOMO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Nippon Life Insurance Company
THE YAMAGUCHI BANK, Ltd.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 6)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385781
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 140044
The Norinchukin Bank
* Shares owned divided by common stock issued excluding treasury stock
Share Units Owned
11,199,400 6,571,300 2,000,000 1,600,009 1,548,264 1,513,600 1,344,300 1,320,168 1,272,400 1,237,409
Percentage of Voting Rights (%)*
11.07% 6.50% 1.98% 1.58% 1.53% 1.50% 1.33% 1.31% 1.26% 1.22%
    Individuals and Others 26.39%
Financial
Institutions
40.84%
     Foreign Companies, etc. 26.23%
     Other Domestic Companies 4.27%
   Stock Price
(Yen) 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
2017 2018 2019
2020
2021
       The UBE Group publishes information for its stakeholders through a variety of media.
  UBE Group’s Website https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/
Important information
•Integrated Report covers basic and important information for our stakeholders. •Please refer to Integrated Report Supplementary Information
(Environment and Safety) for detailed information on environment and safety.
      Detailed information
Integrated Report Supplementary Information
(Environment and Safety, and Social and Governance)
Investor Relations
Management policies, finances, results, and shareholder information and IR materials are
available in the Investor Relations section of the UBE Group’s website: https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/
Sustainability
Information regarding environmental and safety initiatives, compliance, risk management, corporate governance, human rights and labor,
and quality are available in the CSR Activities section of the UBE Group’s website: https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/sustainability/
Integrated Report
UBE Group’s website
•Please refer to Integrated Report Supplementary Information (Social and Governance) for quantitative information on human resources and corporate governance.
•Please refer to the UBE Group’s website for detailed information on specific areas.
69

      Effective from April 2022, UBE will change its trade name from Ube Industries, Ltd. to UBE Corporation.
Seavans North Bldg., 1-2-1, Shibaura, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8449, Japan
Phone: +81-3-5419-6116
Fax: +81-3-5419-6234
Ube Head Office
1978-96, Kogushi, Ube, Yamaguchi 755-8633, Japan Phone: +81-836-31-2111
Fax: +81-836-21-2252
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/
                       Responsible Care
August 2021 Printed in Japan
