ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Product Safety and Quality Assurance
   Product Safety
SDS
U-CHRIP
SDS SDS
Complying with Chemical Substance Management Laws and Regulations
Product safety is part of quality, and we work to manage this in line with our quality management system. We use our SDS*1 production support system, as well as UBE-CHemical Regulation Infor- mation Platform (U-CHRIP), a comprehensive data- base developed by UBE, for managing information about chemical substances, and other ICT to manage hazard information*2 of substances we use and the compliance status of substances we handle to ensure that we adhere to laws and regulations.
Supply Chain Communication
We supply local-language versions of SDSs and product labels for all products, complying with regulations in each country to ensure the safe use of chemical products throughout the life cycle of prod- ucts, and maintain websites for key product SDSs.
Quality Assurance
Chemicals Segment
Regaining Trust by Steadily Implementing Measures to Prevent Issues from Recurring
The Chemicals segment is deploying measures to prevent a recurrence of quality inspection impropri- eties. We will work to regain stakeholder trust by steadily and continuously implementing these measures. To meet quality requirements specific to pharmaceuticals, the Pharmaceutical Division will remain committed to its Pharmaceutical Quality Policy through its proprietary pharmaceutical quality system.
All employees remain very quality conscious, seek to create value that is unique to the UBE Group, and endeavor to delivery attractive quality.
Construction Materials Company
Maintaining Safe and Reliable Product Supplies
The Construction Materials Company engages
in cement, resource recycling, and energy busi- nesses. It also supplies ready-mixed concrete, magnesia and calcia, and construction material products in Japan and abroad. The company’s Quality Assurance Department oversees quality assurance and product safety systems. It conducts
To realize green procurement*3, we are identify- ing hazardous chemical substances in our prod- ucts and informing customers.
We endeavor to prevent logistics incidents and enhance logistics by improving information that can be used in the event that something goes wrong during transportation.
Cooperating with Industry Associations
Since fiscal 2011, we have participated in the Japan Chemical Industry Association (JCIA)’s voluntary chemical substance risk management activities while gathering and disseminating hazard information and risk assessments.
We support the International Council of Chemi- cal Association (ICCA)’s voluntary Long-Range Research Initiative, which focuses on the effects
of chemical substances on human health and
the environment.
quality and product safety audits, and has rein- forced its training programs to prevent incidents from recurring. The company will keep pushing ahead with its activities while raising awareness among management and employees, focusing
on fostering a corporate culture that ensures that everyone in the organization contributes to society by continuing to provide safe and reliable products that customers want.
Machinery Company
Continuing to Supply Quality Products and Services that Satisfy Customers and Build Trust The Machinery Company develops products from customer-centric perspectives by amply identifying diverse needs and their underpinnings. It contin- ues to provide safe and secure products and services across various fields, including molding machines, industrial machinery, bridges, and
steel products. The company developed human resources to comply with and uphold regulations and standards relating to business activities
while continuing to enhance quality management systems as part of an ongoing Groupwide
pursuit of outstanding quality.
 Glossary
*1 Safety Data Sheet (SDS): Documentation containing hazard and toxicity information about chemical substances that manufacturers disclose when supplying chemical substances and products incorporating them.
*2 Hazard information: Information on the inherent risks of chemical substances.
*3 Green procurement: Corporate purchases of raw materials, parts, and manufacturing facilities with minimal environmental footprints.
65