ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Supply Chain Management
  Procurement Information
Thorough Procurement in Line with Basic Purchasing Guidelines
The UBE Group endeavors to build fair and honest business relationships. We purchase in line with the Basic Purchasing Guidelines—Fair Transactions, Objective Selection of Suppliers, Compliance with Laws and Regulations and Confidentiality, Green Purchasing, and Sustainable Procurement*, as disclosed in the purchasing information on the UBE Group’s website.
Detailed information on these policies is avail- able on the UBE Group’s website: https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/koubai/
Sustainable Procurement
The UBE Group prepared Sustainable Procure- ment Policies and UBE Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines that encompass respect- ing human rights, complying with laws and social norms such as eliminating anti-social forces, and safeguarding the environment to foster sustainable procurement that boosts standards across the entire supply chain.
We revised our guidelines and published them on the UBE Group’s website in April 2021.
We inform new suppliers that our basic
purchasing guidelines and UBE Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines are available on our Group website. https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/koubai/pdf/csr_guideline.pdf
The Third Survey of Major Business Partners
on CSR
In fiscal 2019, we conducted a third survey of 276 major business partners accounting for 90% of our procurement costs for materials, construction, packaging materials, and fuel oil. We compiled and analyzed the survey results, providing feedback Companywide. The goal of the survey
was to assess CSR progress among
business partners and seek improvements as needed. We spoke with business partners provid- ing inadequate responses to drive improvements.
Question categories
1. Internal CSR structure
2. Maintaining stable supplies and quality
3. Complying with corporate ethics, laws and
regulations, and social norms, and engaging
in fair trade
4. Caring for the environment
5. Respecting human rights, safety, and health
6. Contributing to and communicating with society
and managing and disclosing information
The average score overall out of a maximum of 5 in self-evaluations for 27 questions in the six categories above was 3.8. This indicates some progress in tackling issues. The score was best in the category for Respecting human rights, safety, and health, at 4.4. The score for Caring for the environment was relatively low, at 3.4.
Scores were 4 or higher for three human rights-related areas, which were bans on harass- ment, prohibitions on forced, slave, and child labor, and on labor at unjustly low wages, as well as prohibitions on discrimination based on gender, race, nationality, age, religion, or disabilities.
Please visit the Procurement Information section of the UBE Group’s website for the survey results. https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/koubai/pdf/customer_01.pdf
Comparison of the Second and the Third Survey Results
 UBE Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines
The Third Survey of Major Business Partners on CSR
Second Third
4.4
5. Respecting human rights, safety, and health
5.0 4.0 3.0
4.0 2.0 1.0 0.0
1. Internal CSR structure
   6. Contributing to and communicating with society and managing and disclosing information
3.6
3.4
4.
Caring for the environment
2.
3.8 Maintaining
4.0
stable supplies and quality
Complying with corporate ethics, laws and regula- tions, and social norms, and engaging in fair trade
57