Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Segment Business Strategies
              Strengths
• A globally accepted UBEPOL brand
• Extensive product lineup specializing in butadiene rubber and a lineup of proprietary grade VCR
Weaknesses
• Regulations in response to issues of global warm- ing and microplastics (tire dust) Countermeasures: Improve fuel efficiency and wear resistance and develop materials that contribute to sustainabilityOpportunities
• Robust relationships with leading global tire manufacturers
• Rising expectations for specialization in response to changing customer needs
Threats
• Surpluses of key raw material butadiene and oversupplies of butadi- ene rubber Countermeasures: Cut costs and specialize  Synthetic Rubber
Principal Products and Businesses
• Synthetic rubber (Butadiene rubber)
Global expansion, primarily for tire applications
Have production sites in Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, and China and have established a complementary
production structure
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Fully use facilities capacity through safe and stable production and ensure stable supplies to customers
• Specialization, including grade development
• Boost production and begin manufacturing high-value-added grades in Malaysia
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2021
Demand plunged in the first half of fiscal 2020 owing to the COVID-19 pandemic but has since recovered steadily. We will strengthen collaboration among our four production sites in Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, and China to maintain stable supply while capitalizing on the recovery. We will accordingly launch new vinyl-cis rubber (VCR) brands and pursue specialization for branded footwear.
At the same time, we will further enhance production efficiency while constraining costs down to minimize exposure to volatile market conditions in butadiene, the main raw material.
In fiscal 2021, we will complete a 20,000-metric-ton capacity increase in Malaysia while beginning production of high-value-added grades. We are doing our best to ensure that the start-up is successful.
Hisaaki Yokoo
Senior Executive Officer
General Manager, Synthetic Rubber Div.
Synthetic rubber
SWOT Analysis
UBE Elastomer to Be Established
UBE plans to spin off its synthetic rubber busi- ness through a new subsidiary, UBE Elastomer Co., Ltd., effective October 2021. The goal is to reinforce the profitability of that business, which will remain an important part of the Chemicals segment portfolio.
We face challenging times in synthetic
rubber and in the petrochemical industry. We are nonetheless determined to build solid business foundations and fulfill our social mission.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• In view of a growing awareness across
society of the need for sustainability,
tire manufacturers that are our prime
customers have begun seeking ways to conserve energy, extend operating lives, and preserve resources. We will cater to these demands by contributing to overall economic sustainability by developing and supplying synthetic rubber for tires that are more eco-friendly and deliver longer service lives.
              