Pharmaceuticals
Principal Products and Businesses
• In-house pharmaceuticals (Active ingredients, intermediates)
Talion® (Registered trademark of Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation) Calblock® (Registered trademark of Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited)
Effient® (Brand name of antiplatelet drug marketed by Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, and Eli Lilly and Company)
Eybelis® (Registered trademark of Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)
• Contract pharmaceuticals (Active ingredients, intermediates)
APIs and intermediates for pharmaceutical manufacturers
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Generate growth drivers by making the drug discovery pipeline more valuable while expanding drug discovery targets
• Commercialize contract manufacturing of nucleic acid active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) for which a new market is emerging
• Secure small-lot (high potency), high-mix projects by reorganizing pharmaceutical plants
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2021
Expected clinical trial delays in some cases among client pharmaceutical manufacturers owing to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic should not significantly affect earnings in fiscal 2021.
Drug discovery research
We will keep transition phases in research activity in mind in building an efficient drug discovery research system and while swiftly driving research themes to subsequent stages to license out new drugs.
Yoichi Funayama
Executive Officer
General Manager, Pharmaceutical Div., with responsibility for HBM Business Development Project
We will upgrade pharmacological evaluation and adapt to pharmacokinetic guidelines so as to promote theme research more efficiently and effectively.
API manufacturing
In manufacturing existing products, we will manage plants to achieve increased productivity. We will launch the new fifth pharmaceutical plant while augmenting future business expansion, notably by building nucleic acid drug production technology.
At the same time, we will step up efforts to comply with laws and regulations related to pharmaceuticals in Japan and overseas, improve quality assurance, and educate employees. By doing so, we are able to provide products and services continuously that earn the trust of government and customers.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• As well as developing small molecule
drugs, which is an existing field, we are expanding R&D in next-generation
modalities while developing low-cost, high-quality manufacturing processes for APIs so that we can deliver quality drugs.
       We will focus on completing our current medium-term management plan while paving the way
for growth under the successor initiative.
37