      Integrated Report
/ TEZUKA PRODUCTIONS
       
    GOTO Takashi President and CEO
To Our Stakeholders
Focusing on creating new value in the post- COVID-19 era to be the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group
With people's values and behavior changing significantly during the COVID-19 pandemic, we are facing a major turning point.
The Seibu Group sees this situation as an opportunity, and we take up the challenge of implementing new initiatives in the spirit of striving to offer the best "smile" and the most heart-touching experiences.
The Seibu Group's Medium-Term Management Plan (FY 2021–2023) announced by the Company in May 2021 is based on the Group Vision, which remains unchanged whatever the environment, but also precisely reflects the spirit of immutability and flexibility required to respond swiftly and resolutely to a changing business environment.
Seeking to be the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group under our unchanging slogan of "Smiles ahead" and looking ahead to the post-COVID-19 era, we are focusing on three key themes: management reforms, digital management, and sustainability.
Beginning this fiscal year, we are publishing the previous Annual Report as the Integrated Report.
In this report, we describe our long-term roadmap for the vision of the Group that we want to become, including initiatives to create corporate and social value, and our approach to achieving our goals.
I recommend this report as way to further improve your understanding of the Group.
We will go forward together, so that even 10 years or 100 years from now we will still be offering the best "smile" and the most heart-touching experience to people everywhere,
including our stakeholders.
I humbly ask for your continued support going forward.
Contents Close Up!
Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
Brand Value
The Group’s Future Vision Value Creation Process
.........
p. 2
 2. Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
2. Brand Value
4. Seibu Group’s Footprint 6. The Group’s Future Vision 8. Value Creation Process
10. Message from the President
14. Financial and Nonfinancial Highlights
16. Seibu Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan 18. Management Reforms
20. The Seibu Group’s DX Strategy
24. The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
24. At a Glance
26. Urban Transportation and Regional 28. Hotel and Leisure
30. Real Estate
32. Construction
33. Other
34. Management Approach for Creating Value
34. Sustainability Actions
38. Safety / Environment
40. Community Engagement / Corporate Culture /
Human Resource Development
42. The Board of Directors
44. Message from Outside Directors
47. Audit & Supervisory Board Members and
Managing Officers
48. Corporate Governance
52. Financial Section
52. Six-Year Financial Overview
54. Analysis of Operating Results and Financial
Position
56. Consolidated Financial Statements
60. Major Subsidiaries / Businesses and Offices
Information for investors
 Message from the President ........ p. 10
Medium-Term Management Plan
Looking ahead to our “vision for the Group in a post- COVID-19 society,” we will overcome the impact of COVID-19 and create a pathway for rapid growth. ........ p. 16
Special Feature
The Seibu Group’s DX Strategy
Interview with SHOJI Tetsuya,
Executive Advisor ................................... p. 20
Sustainability Actions..............................p. 34
Green Management / Expressing support for the TCFD recommendations / Human Resource Development
The interviews/photographs in this report were conducted/taken with full consideration of countermeasures against COVID-19.
Editorial Policy
The Seibu Group considers it important to present initiatives for long-term, sustainable growth in a comprehensive way that enables all stakeholders to gain a clear understanding. This includes presenting financial information, including overviews of performance and business activities, as well as management strategies, in addition to nonfinancial information, including that relating to human resources, local communities, the environment, safety and security, and governance. Based on this approach, while providing enhanced and integrated financial and nonfinancial information, this report has been prepared based on the International Integrated Reporting Framework provided by the International Integrated Reporting Council, and the Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation formulated by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. Accordingly, this report compiles and presents highly important information for understanding the Seibu Group. For further details, please refer to our corporate website and other communication media.
    
  Group Vision
The Seibu Group's Goal
Adhering to our founding spirit of Appreciation and Service, the Seibu Group embraces its philosophy, declaration and corporate slogan as the collective corporate vision. "The Group Philosophy" represents what the group must do and we are uniquely capable of doing. "The Group Philosophy" signifies our fundamental, unchanging idea which serves as the starting point of all our activities. "The Group Declaration" is the Seibu Group's important promise to society and our customers. It also serves as a guide for the conduct of every employee of the group.
+ Action Guidelines on how to provide customers with
active and moving experiences
The Group Declaration
Our aim is to be professionals promoting customers’ activities for rich experiences.
1. Be earnest
Engage in all businesses and services with safety as their foundation.
Open- and fair-minded in our conduct.
Respect the opinions of our customers and the members of our local communities.
2. Walk together
Mindful of the natural and global environment.
Act as a member of our local community.
Proactively cooperate with entities within and outside our group.
3. Meet challenges
Act from a global perspective.
Offer new services in anticipation of the coming times [new innovations]. Bring exciting new experiences to our customers’ lives.
 The Seibu Group's unchanging
basic approach
  The Group Philosophy
All of us at the Seibu Group work to help develop the local communities, as well as society at large, to protect the environment, and to provide safe, pleasant services for memorable experiences.
We also proudly and responsibly meet the challenge of creating the kind of new services that will
move customers.
    Vision Book
We give a copy of our Vision Book to all officers and employees to promote the Group Vision and ensure that it permeates the corporate organization.
Period Covered
Slogan
Smiles ahead
英文ロゴ
   April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021
Please note that some matters that fall outside this period are also reported on. Fiscal years referred to in this report cover the period from April 1 to March 31. Fiscal 2020 refers to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Proper use of the Integrated Report 2021
The business forecasts, targets, plans, forecasts and other forward-looking information of the Group contained in this report should be regarded as the judgment and thoughts of the Company at the present point in time, that have been created based on information currently available as of the release of this report. Actual results of earnings, financial position, etc. of the Group may differ significantly from the content of this report or the content surmised from this report due to various uncertain factors at the time of this report's preparation, including fluctuations in the state of domestic and global politics, economies and financial conditions.
Integrated Report 2021 1
 
 Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
Brand Value
 Smiles ahead
 To be the best and strongest lifestyle
support corporate group
The Seibu Group is committed to creating a prosperous and sustainable society by fostering customer behavior and emotions in various daily life situations, from the everyday to the extraordinary, using the slogan “Smiles ahead." We are intent on being the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group.
Travel
Lifestyles
Safety
Shopping and dining
                                                     Comfort
   Security
                    Based in greater Tokyo and expanding nationwide and globally, the Group’s diverse businesses create value for bringing smiles to people on the move.
Urban Transportation and Regional
We are helping to enrich society by providing safe and pleasant services.
Business in this field has a pronounced public-service dimension and supports the daily lives of customers. We strive to provide pleasant and comfortable services through activities grounded in safety and security as our duty to society.
Hotel and Leisure
We offer pleasant and comfortable services that will gratify every customer.
We operate a wide array of facilities in a broad range of fields, including hotels, golf courses, ski resorts, and leisure facilities. We have service locations across Japan and overseas, and are operating them with a view to meeting customer needs.
Real Estate
This business segment contributes to the development of attractive and vibrant communities.
Seibu Properties heads our development of various businesses closely bound up with the lives of customers. We are committed to continued contributions to local communities through the creation of attractive districts.
   p. 26
p. 28
p. 30
   2
Seibu Holdings Inc.
                                                         
                         Recreation
      Sports
   Hotels and vacations
Happiness
Enjoyment
Excitement
                                       Construction
We make a positive contribution to people and society through our construction operations attuned to the new age.
In various parts of Japan, we are engaged in all types of construction in areas including railway lines, social infrastructure, hotel remodeling, private sector construction, and housing.
We bring a high level of technical skills to bear in creating spaces and facilities that are both safe and pleasant.
p. 32
Other
Izuhakone business
We provide safe, comfortable services with deep roots
in local communities, primarily in the Izuhakone region, one of Japan's leading international tourist destinations.
Ohmi business
We operate businesses ingrained into the local community, capitalizing on abundant tourist resources, mainly around Lake Biwa in Shiga Prefecture.
Sports business
Seibu Lions manages
the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball team, and promotes baseball and holds events based in the MetLife Dome. In addition, Yokohama Arena operates as a multipurpose event hall.
New businesses
We have established Blue Incubation and are working to create various new businesses.
Operating company Blue Muse promotes the entertainment businesses, such as Prince Ice World.
p. 33
  Integrated Report 2021 3

 Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
 Seibu Group’s Footprint
Stock market delisting
Trust shaken by delisting from the stock market
While continuing to enjoy remarkable growth, the Seibu Group faced a scandal in 2004 when payoffs to a corporate racketeer and false statements in the Seibu Railway securities report came to light. This resulted in delisting on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, leading to the company’s removal from the First Section, with damaging consequences for trust among customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders.
Rebuilding
Group structure reformed around the key focus of distinguishing between “essential” and “nonessential” assets and by concentrating on core businesses
Seibu Group has created a Group Vision to restore lost trust, establishing Seibu Holdings Inc., a holding company, and at the same time is working to restructure the Group around the key focus on essential and nonessential assets. Employee morale had slumped due to severe public criticism, but this was an important step toward coming together in the spirit of Group rebuilding. A project team was put together and employees took the lead in rethinking Seibu’s role and what we could do to serve local communities. Finally, on March 27, 2006, the Group restructuring was completed and the Group Vision was launched.
Stock market relisting after the difficult path of rebuilding
The Group united around efforts to maximize corporate value, including improving operational profitability; ensuring comprehensive adoption and embedding of compliance practices; and establishing internal controls. These initiatives bore fruit
on April 23 with the successful listing of the company’s stock under the name of Seibu Holdings Inc. on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Foundation and expansion Founding spirit of appreciation
        and service; Supporting Japan’s modernization through railways combined with land development
The Seibu Group’s origins date back to 1892, when Kawagoe Railway started operations. Back then, Japan’s railway network was still in its dawn. Two decades later, Musashino Railway was
founded and the forerunner of Seibu Railway began to develop operations in the western part of the capital, Tokyo. At the time, the Japanese public had great hopes for railways: the dramatic boost to the efficiency of transporting passengers and goods was considered essential to the country’s modernization. To play a part in building the new nation, Musashino Railway worked hard at its business, a combination of railways and land development, with the founding spirit of appreciation and service. One point that was emphasized in Musashino’s business rollout was not to develop housing, vacation homes, and tourist facilities in isolated locations, but rather to link a large number of these locations together with railways, roads, and other infrastructure in a wide local area of a similar type demonstrated by the resort
development of the Karuizawa and Hakone districts. This approach, which also raises the value of surrounding areas, has been passed down in the Seibu Group’s DNA together with the founding spirit.
      Business expansion and rapid growth as an enterprise creating prosperous and fulfilling times for its customers
During Japan’s post-war reconstruction and the
subsequent period of rapid economic growth,
and on through the transition from the Showa to
the Heisei era, Seibu’s business diversified and
grew. Throughout that period, the Seibu Group
continued to show the way to greater convenience
and prosperity in everyday life through our
businesses, which included a railway network that
grew because of mutual through-services with
subway operators and other improvements, hotels
in a rich range from city to resort locations, leisure
businesses that offered extraordinary experiences,
and the development of urban environments radiating individuality and a cultured atmosphere. The creation of the Seibu Lions professional baseball team also helped the Seibu Group’s brand gain wider public recognition.
  4
Seibu Holdings Inc.
 
 Growth and new market development
       Opening Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho
On the former site of the Grand Prince Hotel Akasaka, which closed down in 2011, Seibu opened the multi-purpose complex Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, a project that cost over ¥100 billion. Providing comfortable office space, a quality hotel, attractive commercial facilities, highly convenient residential units, and other features, this is one of the Seibu’s biggest endeavors that illustrated our corporate synergy.
Acquisition of the Australia’s StayWell Hospitality Group
The acquisition of the StayWell Hospitality Group, which operates mainly in Australia, represented a first stepping stone toward further global expansion. Drawing on StayWell’s global development strengths and business management expertise, we targeted rapid hotel development in Oceania and Asia as well as the Middle East and Europe, resulting in revenue growth from the overseas hotel business.
Formulating a Medium- Term Management Plan focused on a post- COVID-19 society
The Company has formulated the Seibu Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan (FY 2021–2023). The theme is looking ahead to our vision for the Group in a post-COVID-19 society, overcoming the impact of COVID-19 and creating a pathway for rapid growth. In response to contemporary trends and the needs of customers, the Group will take on this challenging business environment, pushing forward with initiatives based on a three-point framework: management reforms, digital management, and sustainability.
To be the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group
   ■ Operating revenue after Group reorganization
(operating revenue derived from the simple addition of segments)
(billions of yen)
800
400
0 FY 2006
Differentiating and concentrating
Urban Transportation and Regional Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Construction
Hawaii Business Other
FY 2011
FY 2016
FY 2020
The impact of COVID-19
 Acquired StayWell
   Opened Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho
Opened DaiyaGate Ikebukuro
 Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
  Steady increases in population in areas along our railway lines
  Great East Japan (Tohoku) earthquake
Boom in inbound tourism (tourists from overseas) Improves the value of hotels and other facilities
*Reporting segments were changed in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, and the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Integrated Report 2021 5

   Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
The Group’s Future Vision
To be the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group
    Realize seamless movement & living and smart business operations for a new era
Urban Transportation and Regional
Develop asset-light business, and build the industry’s No. 1 quality hotel chain
Hotel and Leisure
Empathize with the diverse values of our customers to create high-quality lifestyles that are full of smiles
           Best Strongest
Unwavering commitment to safety and security
Combined and comprehensive capabilities of the whole Group
    6
Seibu Holdings Inc.

  We aim to realize an enriched and sustainable society by creating activities and excitement for customers as a company that grows together with customers and with local communities in order to assist them in life's various scenarios.
     Expand business operations and advance to general real estate business.
Real Estate
Develop the local communities and protect the environment
Strong profit structure and financial foundation by implementing management reforms
Through business developed based
on the concepts of “ease” and “enjoyment,” we will move toward provision of living environments offering rich mental and physical stimulation and creation of new activities.
Sports
          Integrated Report 2021 7

  Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
Value Creation Process
We provide valuable services and conduct business activities with sustainability in mind. By creating corporate value based on this approach, the Seibu Group tackles issues facing communities and society in the spirit of our slogan: To be the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group.
          Under the Group slogan of “Smiles the best and strongest lifestyle
 Social safety and security
Response to climate change
Social issues
Providing services tailored to a society with a declining birth rate and aging population
Creating fulfilling workplaces
Supporting growth with financial
and non-financial capital
(Fiscal year ended March 31, 2021)
1 Social and relationship capital
・Seibu Railway passengers: 472.2 million ・Prince Hotel brand—Japan’s largest hotel
chain
2 Financial capital
・Total assets: ¥1,698.4 billion
(as of March 31, 2021)
・Capital investment: ¥60.6 billion
3 Human capital
・Consolidated employee total: 22,844
(as of March 31, 2021)
4 Manufacturing capital
・Seibu Railway passenger operation-
kilometers: 176.6 km
・Number of Prince Hotel rooms (domestic):
17,358
・Owns substantial land in Tokyo’s 23 wards 5 Natural capital
・Contribution to the prevention of global
warming
CO2 emissions volume: 539,148 metric tons
6 Intellectual capital
・Long record of expertise in railway and
hotel operations
・Extensive customer data from diverse
customer contact points
High level of compliance awareness/ Sustainability Actions
Portfolio and strategies
The Group’s diverse businesses creating value for bringing “Smiles ahead"
Railways, buses, and lifestyle service operations in areas along railway lines, etc.
Urban Transportation and Regional
●Asset-light business operation
● Service transformation to suit the new normal
●Reducing the break- even point
●Collaboration inside and outside the Group
Leasing operations, etc.
Real Estate
 Core values
         Creative service content
         8
Seibu Holdings Inc.
        
         ahead," we intend to be support corporate group
Abundant infrastructural assets
Sports
         strengthened corporate governance
Community Engagement
Medium-Term Management Plan p. 16 DX Strategy p. 20 Business Strategy p. 24
Hotel and overseas hotel operations, etc.
Hotel and Leisure
●Offensive strategy towards DX, marketing strategy
●Defensive strategy towards DX
●Investment that takes into account the cost of capital
Seibu Lions, Yokohama Arena, and others
p. 42 p. 34
Economic value created
・Providing seamless movement and living for a new era ・Increasing value in our catchment areas through
development of areas around stations and the
creation of tourist demand
・Strong brand value as the highest quality hotel
chain in the industry
・Maximizing the value of assets held by the Group
as a general real estate company ・Business development in the sports and
entertainment fields based on the concepts of
ease and enjoyment
・Using DX to create new excitement for customers ・High levels of productivity from highly skilled and
motivated employees
[KPI]
■Management that is aware of capital efficiency
and optimal capital structure
・ROE of at least 10%, ROA 3.5% or more ・Profitability (Net profit margin ratio) of at least
10%
・Efficiency (Total asset turnover) 0.3× or higher ・Financial soundness (Financial leverage) of
around 3×
・Shareholders' equity-to-asset ratio: 25-30%
・Net interest bearing debt/EBITDA ratio around 6x ■Target set for reducing CO2 emissions Targeting a 25% reduction in CO2 emissions per basic unit of sales by FY 2030 (compared with FY 2018)
Safe, secure and comfortable living/improved quality of life
Building an energy- saving/recycling- oriented society
Social value created
Revitalizing the regions/achieving a living environment that offers rich mental and physical stimulation
Active participation by diverse human
resources; providing employment opportunities
   Safety Environment
Corporate culture
                    Integrated Report 2021 9

  Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
 Message
from the President
GOTO Takashi President and CEO
 Rolling format:
An approach based on an annual review of the plan in response to changes in the business environment.
Fixed format:
An approach that sets defined target figures for the final fiscal year with no interim review, in principle.
Emerging from a challenging year into a new period of transition along the path set out in our new Medium-Term Management Plan
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, there was a heavy impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on our main businesses in the Urban Transportation and Regional and Hotel and Leisure business segments. As a result, the Seibu Group posted a record loss of ¥72.3 billion. The Hotel and Leisure segment was particularly hard hit by the sudden collapse in demand, with a big drop also in overseas visitors to Japan, so that the occupancy rate of hotels in central Tokyo fell into single-digit percentages at one point. Given these conditions and an uncertain future, the Group took the decision to cancel the medium-term management plan—previously scheduled to be launched in fiscal 2020—covering the three-year period up to fiscal 2022.
It was amid these difficult conditions that we formulated the budget for fiscal 2021 and a new medium-term management plan. Our plan was unmistakably marked by the exceptional sense of crisis for the future of our business and by the strong fighting spirit that we have responded with.
Up to now, we have been taking a rolling approach to the medium-term management plan. However, to show the progress on management reforms and transformation of our business model for overcoming the COVID-19 shock, to both in and outside the Group, we have decided to adopt a fixed format for the new medium-term management plan to take us through to the end of fiscal 2023. Under the rolling format, where progress is reviewed annually, the assumptions we make about economic conditions can be adjusted every year. However, this inevitably allows management to make excuses in some areas. I considered it important to show a commitment to moving on from that position.
The new plan assumes for fiscal 2022 that the COVID-19 pandemic will be nearing an end and, for fiscal 2023, that travel by visitors from overseas and the domestic economy will be in recovery. Looking ahead to the post-COVID era, the new medium-term management plan sets the three pillars of Group operations going forward: management reforms, digital management, and sustainability.
    10
Seibu Holdings Inc.

 Looking at every possible scenario, Working on reforms,
Aiming for sustainable growth
Focusing on the first pillar, management reforms, the central focus is on an asset-light strategy.
Asset light can be understood in a number of ways. Ahead of the announcement on May 13, 2021 for our business results and the new medium-term management plan, I shared a video message with all Group employees. There had already been media reports about our selling assets as part of the asset-light strategy, and employees had concerns. However, my message explained that asset light for us means raising our game, in other words further improving the quality of our service as professionals, and I believe that message was received positively by our staff.
Up to now, Prince Hotels has operated on a business model that targeted revenues and profits based on unified ownership and management of assets. This was a model for securing revenues under high occupancy rates, but with the overnight collapse in demand caused by the pandemic, asset ownership became a heavy burden in terms of fixed costs.
It is impossible for anyone to say that a pandemic like the coronavirus will not reoccur in the future. The current infection is the third pandemic since the year 2000, following the earlier outbreaks of SARS and MERS. Reasoning that this kind of crisis will likely occur again, we have taken the decision to move toward an asset-light business model.
Our asset-light strategy is not a purely defensive approach to sell off assets, lower the break- even point and generate cash. In the hotel operations, we will sell or liquidate some assets, while the hotel assets we continue to hold will be transferred to our real estate company. This will create clearly defined roles for future development and other activities, with Prince Hotels as the hotel operator and Seibu Properties as the asset holder, a structure that allows us to take the offensive going forward.
The new Prince Hotels will have to generate returns that exceed the expectations of the new asset owners, testing their skills as hotel operators.
Drawing on the operational expertise of StayWell, which joined the Seibu Group in 2017, we intend to build the highest quality hotel chain in the industry.
The newly Seibu Properties, meanwhile, will pursue projects strategically as a general real estate company, including redevelopments in Shinagawa/Takanawa, and other areas.
Previously, the central focus of the medium-term plan was on meeting targets such as operating revenue and different profit indicators, including operating profit. The new medium- term management plan, in contrast, emphasizes profitability and efficiency by setting a return on equity (ROE) of at least 10% as the medium- to long-term target.
Video message to employees
In the video message shared with Group employees on May 13, President Goto communicated his commitment to overcoming the damage done by COVID-19 by uniting, as a group, around initiatives that include management reforms.
    Integrated Report 2021 11

 Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
  SEIBU PRINCE CLUB
This is a membership service that allows members to use various Seibu Group’s facilities. It guarantees the best rate for Prince Hotels and provides preferential service to members when using the Seibu Group’s facilities, including golf courses and ski resorts nationwide.
Membership as of March 31, 2021: 1.03 million https://emi.seibugroup.jp/en/
Prince Smart Inn (PSI)
This is the brand that drives innovation at Prince Hotels, and is aimed at the digital generation of customers in the 20 to 39 age group. In 2022, openings are planned for Nakagyo-ku in Kyoto, Hakata in Fukuoka, and Naha in Okinawa.
Comprehensive partnership with JR East
In December 2020, we announced a long-term partnership with JR East for a comprehensive range of initiatives under the concept New lifestyle creation x regional revitalization.
Partnership with Allm
(see page 38)
Business development in the COVID-19 era and beyond: continued evolution by capitalizing on digital technology
As part of our business development focus going forward, we will capitalize on digital management, the second pillar of the new medium-term management plan. Currently, the Corporate Strategy Department and the Information Systems Department are leading the DX (digital transformation) strategy, but in October 2020, we welcomed, as an executive advisor, SHOJI Tetsuya, currently an advisor to NTT Communications Corporation, to provide specialized, practical guidance.
One benefit of DX is that I expect to strengthen our marketing power. Focusing on the SEIBU PRINCE CLUB, a group membership organization with over one million members, we aim to aggregate data resources within and outside the Group to create a Group marketing platform. This will enable us to offer new services adapted to the “new normal” and expand the Seibu Group’s loyal customer base.
At the same time, under a project launched before the outbreak of the pandemic, we are promoting the next-generation hotel brand: Prince Smart Inn (PSI). PSIs allow guests to check in and out and even settle their account using only a smartphone. These remote operations, free of contact and face-to-face interaction, makes this an ideal format for today’s world. PSIs have already opened: in October 2020 at Ebisu, in April 2021 at Atami, and in May 2021 at Kyoto Shijo Omiya. We are confident that PSI will help to increase the popularity of the Prince Hotel brand with the digital generation and younger consumers.
We believe that DX will also offer Seibu Railway wide-ranging potential to introduce smart and remote features at stations and for train operations.
Widespread potential through collaborations with external partners
So far, we have announced two partnerships: a comprehensive tie-up with East Japan Railway Company (JR East) around the concept New lifestyle creation x regional revitalization; and an alliance with Allm Inc. aimed at developing advanced safety and security systems that are
adapted to the “new normal.”
I think that our decision to enter into a
comprehensive partnership with JR East could only have happened because of new lifestyles caused by COVID-19. We had previously formed close links with JR East for individual events, for instance hiring bullet trains to take guests on shopping tours to the Karuizawa Prince Hotel or cooperating on promotional campaigns based on our hotels at Towada, Shizukuishi, and other locations. Now that we have strengthened this relationship into a comprehensive partnership, I want to put
            12
Seibu Holdings Inc.

our energies into creating successful business models for well-being and around the workation approach to working in the “new normal.” I would also like to see us develop initiatives that combine our respective strengths to drive mutual growth.
Through our other business alliance (with Allm), we are accessing our partner’s health and medical ICT solutions to support the development of a wide array of businesses and products. Currently, we have opened dedicated PCR clinics in the Shinjuku Prince Hotel and on the concourse at Ikebukuro Station to offer coronavirus antibody testing, alongside other anti- infection services, to ticketholders for Saitama Seibu Lions baseball games.
Sustainable management is essential to realizing the Seibu Group vision
The Seibu Group has been taking action for sustainability in four areas: safety, environment, community engagement, and corporate culture. We have also established a Sustainability Committee, for which I am the chairperson, that will focus increased energies going forward on actions for sustainability backed by greater responsibility for management.
For tackling environmental issues, our declared target for reducing CO2 emissions intensity (CO2 emissions per unit of operating revenue) was a 25% cut from fiscal 2018 levels by fiscal 2030, but we now recognize that stronger action is needed in response to the government’s declared target of carbon neutrality by 2050. We are currently addressing environmental issues in several ways, including reducing CO2 emissions by introducing energy-saving equipment and using renewable energy, but the targets have set a high bar for success. Nevertheless, as agreed in Green Management—part of the sustainability declared as the third pillar of the new medium-term management plan—we will work together, concentrating our efforts as one group, to combat the risks associated with climate change.
In the field of human resources, the Seibu Diversity College, in operation for five years now, has been promoting career advancement for women through skill trainings and fostering a supportive attitude among management staff. The result is that awareness of the need to encourage more female participation has been firmly established. We will continue to promote initiatives for diversity, extending beyond women to other target areas.
Regarding the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, we have four outside directors, whose frank opinions and advice sometimes includes sharp criticism. All the outside directors, including Ms. ARIMA who joined the Board in fiscal 2021, bring with them experience and expertise in a wide range of fields. I look forward to seeing them continue to speak out in ways that help us to continually increase the Group’s corporate value.
When we look ahead to the Group’s management in 50 or 100 years from the viewpoint of sustainability, the most important determiner is having a clear vision, or a statement of the priority issues for the Seibu Group. “Smiles ahead” is the slogan and key phrase in the Vision Book. It also includes other important elements of the Group vision: our philosophy for contributing to the development of local communities and society as well as protecting the environment. That vision will define our management activities going forward and will add to improving corporate value. Sustainable management for the Seibu Group means continuing to be there for our customers, our communities, and our employees as a company that represents the slogan, “Smiles ahead."
Seibu Group Sustainability Committee
(see page 35)
Green Management
(see page 36)
SEIBU Diversity College, a career advancement workshop for women
To promote the advancement of female leaders who are aiming for management positions, while remaining unique to themselves, the Seibu Group has operated the SEIBU Diversity College since 2016. The aim is to support female employees as they realize their motivation, as well as encouraging their ambition and assisting them with networking and acquiring all the necessary skills.
        Integrated Report 2021 13

 Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
Financial and Nonfinancial Highlights
Operating Revenue / Operating profit / EBITDA*1/ Ordinary profit / Profit attributable to owners of parent /
 Net profit margin ratio
(billions of yen) (FY) 500
400 300 200 100
–100 (Left axis) (Right axis)
337.0
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (%)
15 12 9 6
         1.8 3 00
Operating Revenue Net profit margin ratio
Operating profit
EBITDA
(Times)
0.4
0.3 400
–51.5 –58.7 –72.3
–20
Total assets / Total asset turnover
Shareholders’ equity / Shareholders' equity-to-assets ratio
(billions of yen) 2,000
1,500 1,000 500 0
(FY) 2015
Total assets (Left axis)
Total asset turnover (Right axis)
(billions of yen)
Shareholders’ equity (Left axis) (%) Shareholders' equity-to-assets ratio (Right axis) 40
Ordinary profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
500
–21.5
    1,698.4
2020
–4.2 –21.7
2020
0.2
300
200
299.7
2020
30 20 10 0
            0.2
 17.6
 Return on Assets (ROA)
Capital expenditure / Depreciation expense
Return on Equity (ROE)
(billions of yen)
150
100
50
0
(FY) 2015
Capital expenditure Depreciation expense
60.6 57.8
2019 2020
(%) 20 10
0 –10 –20 –30
(FY) 2015
Return on Assets (ROA)
Return on Equity (ROE)
2016
2017
2018
2019
0.1 100
0.00
(FY) 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
             2016
2017
2018
2019
2016
2017
2018
Net interest-bearing debt / The ratio of net interest- bearing debt to EBITDA / Financial leverage*2
Depreciation for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 includes in depreciation recorded in extraordinary losses (loss on temporary suspension of operations).
Dividends per share / Dividend payout ratio
(billions of yen) 1,000
750 500 250
Net interest-bearing debt (Left axis)
The ratio of net interest-bearing debt to EBITDA (Right axis) 500
(Times)
   Financial leverage (Right axis)
482.4 908.3
5.1
(yen) 30
25 20 15 10
5
0
(FY) 2015
Dividends per share (Left axis)
(%) 200
30 15
0.0 0 2020
      Dividend payout ratio (Right axis)
        00 (FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
*1 Calculated by adding depreciation and the amortization of goodwill to operating profit.
*2 ((Total assets at beginning of period + Total assets at end of period) ÷ 2) ÷ ((Equity at beginning of period + Equity at end of period) ÷ 2)
2016
2017
2018
2019
10
5
    14
Seibu Holdings Inc.

CO2 emissions (t-CO2) / CO2 emissions per revenue
Water consumption (water intake)
(t-CO2) 800,000
600,000
400,000
200,000
CO2 emissions (t-CO2) (Left axis) (t-CO2 / millions of yen)
(thousand m3) 15,000
10,000
5,000
Water consumption(Water intake)
   CO2 emissions per revenue (Right axis)
1.60 539,148
2
1
9,445
2020
86.4 62.7
33.2
2020
       000 (FY) 2018 2019 2020
(FY) 2018 2019
  Ratio of female managers
Ratio of paid vacations taken
(%) 10
8
6
4
2
Seibu Holdings Inc. Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. Prince Hotels, Inc.
(%)
100
80
60
40
    00
(FY) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Ratio of male employees who took childcare leave
(FY) 2016
2019
5.9 5.8
1.7
Seibu Holdings Inc. Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. Prince Hotels, Inc.
2017 2018
      (%) Seibu Holdings Inc. 100 Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
(person)
15 (Left axis) 50
Number of directors / Ratio of outside directors /
Ratio of female directors
Number of directors (%)
       75
50
25
66.7
41.7 26.4
12
Prince Hotels, Inc.
Ratio of outside directors (Right axis)
Ratio of female directors (Right axis)
10
5
40
33.3 30 20
8.3
     10
  000 (FY) 2018 2019 2020 (FY)2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
  Integrated Report 2021 15

 Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
Seibu Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan (FY 2021–2023)
Looking ahead to our “vision for the Group in a post-COVID-19 society,” we will overcome the impact of COVID-19 and create a pathway for rapid growth.
  Themes
 FY 2020 Presupposition The impact of
of the plan
FY 2019–2021 Plan
(Withdrawn on May 26, 2020) business issues
FY 2021
FY 2022
FY 2023
FY 2026 Post-COVID era
Long-term strategy in the next stage
New Plan
    COVID-19
Status of COVID-19 pandemic
With COVID era
Pandemic being brought Towards controlunder control by FY 2022
of the pandemic
Towards economic
Recovery in inbound tourism Japan’s economic recovery during first half FY 2023 in FY 2023
  Fluctuating pandemic status
Suppressed economic activity
recovery trend
  Status of economy
    Reaping Pioneering
Stage for further growth and expansion
Current long-term strategy Supporting people’s lifestyles
FY 2021–2023 Plan (Newly announced plan)
To be the best and strongest lifestyle support
corporate group
   Initiatives to address key
   Withdrew the target levels of our long-term Challenge Target announced on May 11, 2017, focusing on resolutely implementing management reforms on the theme of “asset-light” towards achieving the “vision for the Group in a post-COVID-19 society.”
Formulated the newly announced plan in a fixed format rather than the previous rolling format to allow internal and external disclosure of progress on management reforms, business model transformation, and overcoming the impact of COVID-19.
■ Initiatives
Topic 1
Management reforms
p. 18
Topic 2
Digital management
p. 20
Topic 3
Sustainability
p. 34
   Increasing revenue
         Service transformation to suit the new normal
Reduction of fixed costs in the Urban Transportation and Regional –Smart business operation for a new era–
Offensive strategy towards DX, marketing strategy
      Improving profitability
Transform services to align with the changes in customers values driven by Society 5.0, the SDGs, and the COVID-19 pandemic
Lowering the break-even point
By connecting and utilizing data both inside and outside the Group
Defensive strategy towards DX
Reduce fixed expenses through such measures as business restructuring and workstyle reforms.
Sustainability Actions
  Safety Environment Community Engagement Corporate Culture
   Sharing of back office operations
    Balance sheet optimization
Asset-light business operation
Sales/Liquidation of assets and businesses Revamp the function and role of Prince Hotels, Inc. and Seibu Properties, Inc.
Collaboration inside and outside the Grou
Investment that takes into account the cost of capital
                       ■ Projected Figures
Management indices
Operating profit
Ordinary profit
ROE
Shareholders' equity-to-asset ratio
unit
FY 2019
p
FY 2020
(ended Mar. 2021) –51.5
–58.7 –21.7 17.6
FY 2023 (Plan)
 (ended Mar. 2020) 56.8
48.7 1.2 21.5
(ending Mar. 2024) 66.0
57.0 12.5 20.2
*
Operating revenue (Sales)
  billions of yen
 554.5
 337.0
 538.0
 billions of yen billions of yen %
%
EBITDA
billions of yen
114.5
1.8
125.0
Profit attributable to owners of parent
billions of yen
4.6
–72.3
40.0
ROA
%
0.3
–4.2
2.4
Net interest-bearing debt/EBITDA ratio
times
7.9
482.4
6.8
16
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Seibu Group
* From the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, the Company applied “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition,” which is reflected in operating profit for the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2024 (approx. –12.0 billion yen)

■ Financial Strategy
Message from the Director in Charge
In this latest Medium-Term Management Plan, we set targets for capital efficiency and structure over the medium to long term, looking ahead to the post-COVID-19 era. While emphasizing four key management indicators, such as ROE, we will implement management reforms aimed to create value over that period of time.
For the three years beginning in FY 2021, we will place the highest priority on strengthening our financial position, which has deteriorated during the COVID-19 pandemic. We will also secure free cash flow by resolutely implementing management reforms based on our asset-light strategy, rigorously selecting capital investments, and restoring profits to pre-COVID-19 levels in FY 2023. At the same time, we will emphasize shareholder returns and the distribution of profits. To prepare for the start of large-scale developments in FY 2024 and beyond that will drive our future growth, we are drawing up a plan for a mix of applications and approaches to raising funds.
・Management KPIs
TAKAHASHI Kaoru
Director
Senior Executive Managing Officer
   Financial strategy in the Group’s long-term plan: the whole picture
・Consider and implement a mix of financing sources with an “asset-light” themed model
・Investments using different hurdle rates for each business, and taking into account the cost of capital: 3.71%
・Flexibly make investments related to the creation of new business areas, such as M&As
 Capital expenditure that contributes to future growth
   Continuous strengthening of the financial status
・Response to the risk of interest-rate hikes ・Gain know-how in different ways of financing to prepare for large-scale
・Dramatically improve shareholder value through growth
・Stable, continuous dividend payments
development
・Set the medium- to long-term targets and ・Enhance shareholder incentives
strengthen financial structure
Shareholder returns
 Keeping the asset-light model in mind, we have set the medium- to long-term targets for capital efficiency and optimized capital structure
ROE of at least 10%
Cost of equity of around 7%
1 Profitability (Net profit margin) of at least 10% ・Reduction of fixed costs in the Urban Transportation and
Regional
・Reduction of fixed costs through using digital technology
and workstyle reforms, etc.
2 Efficiency (Total asset turnover) 0.3× or higher ・Transformation of the business model--the “asset-light”
themed model
・Investment that takes into account the cost of capital
ROA
at least 3.5%
    3 Financial soundness (Financial leverage) Shareholders' equity-
to-asset ratio 25-30%
・Enhance retained earnings through improving Net interest-bearing the level of profit, and reduce debt through debt /EBITDA ratio
of around 3×
rigorous selection of investments ・Utilize various sources of financing
around 6×
 ・Three-year total cash flow
We expect to achieve positive free cash flow by selling and liquidating assets and businesses, in addition to improving the level of profit and rigorous selection of investments.
With regard to returns to shareholders, while taking into account the need for a balance with financial strength, we plan to start issuing dividends again in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
Major investments
   Sales/Liquidation of assets and businesses
 Estimated operating cash flow: ¥240.0 billion
 1 Investment in safety ¥114.5 billion
 2 Investment to increase value ¥58.5 billion
 Shareholder returns
 〇 Project for continuous grade separation of Seibu Shinjuku Line
1+2 〇 Newly-built Seibu Railway 40000 series Total
〇 Renovation of Yokohama Arena ¥173.0 billion
〇 Tokorozawa station west side development plan
〇 Project for continuous grade separation of Seibu
Shinjuku Line
〇 Renovation of Karuizawa Prince Hotel West
〇 Large-scale development in central Tokyo area
   Debt repayment
   Integrated Report 2021 17

 Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
Management Reforms Message from the Director in Charge
In the most recent Medium-Term Management Plan, the transformation to an asset-light business model has been designated as the most important theme of our management reforms. The goals are to build a structure that is more robust in the face of crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and to achieve growth over the medium to long term. As explained later, in addition to going ahead with initiatives to sell or liquidate certain assets and businesses based on stated policies, we will capitalize on the value of the Group’s assets and maximize profitability by reviewing our roles within the Group of Prince Hotels and Seibu Properties and boosting our competitiveness as a hotel operator and general real estate company.
In addition, by lowering the break-even point and by resolutely reforming services, such as providing services that combine the Seibu Group’s unique strengths in hardware operations with “soft” content using digital technologies, we will expand our base of fans, attracting and keeping them with the aim of becoming the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group.
Asset-light business strategy
NISHIYAMA Ryuichiro
Director
Senior Managing Officer Executive General Manager, Corporate Planning
    ■ Basic policies of sales/liquidation of assets and businesses
Transform the business model from the current structure integrating “ownership” with “operation” to an “asset-light” themed model with a view to creating a robust structure in the face of crises that are expected to reoccur.
  Assets & Businesses
     Railways, Bus and Taxi Hotels Golf courses Ski resorts Construction Lifestyle service Office Buildings Commercial facilities Housing Sports
      1 Core or non-core, creating synergy or room for development 2 Size of cash generation through sales/liquidation
▶Cash generation, asset-lighting ▶Maximize the value of assets
1 Sell, then manage hotel operations under contract to buyer • Areas for real estate development that we plan, etc. 2 Gain extensive know-how as a real estate company
Revamp the function and role of Prince Hotels, Inc. and Seibu Properties, Inc.
  Sales/Liquidation
Maintain ownership
    Sales
Liquidation
  ■ Roadmap
Maximize the value of asset holdings and Group revenue by combining elements such as sale and liquidation of assets and businesses, internal Group reorganization, and expertise acquisition, fully utilizing the respective functions and roles of both companies (Prince Hotels, Inc. and Seibu Properties, Inc.) and striving to improve competitiveness.
FY 2020 FY 2021 FY 2022 FY 2023 The Group
    Group reorganization & restructuring
Sell non-core assets and businesses
   Point1 Selling and managing Decide policy operations under
*Decide on timing of the scheme change monitoring the market
“New” Prince Hotels Inc.
Maximizing marketing skills and brand value (utilizing StayWell’s know-how)
Accumulate asset-light hotel operation expertise by undertaking management contracts for owners’ properties
Hotel and Leisure business
Develop asset-light business, and build the industry’s No. 1 quality hotel chain
    Prince Hotels
In the selection process for selling some assets including The Prince Park Tower Tokyo and other city hotels, etc. and managing operations under contract
on use of hotel assets contract*
   Maintaining ownership
     Areas for real estate development that we plan, etc.
“New” Seibu Properties Inc.
 Seibu Properties
Inc. for large-scale developments
Plan application composition and financing methods
Point2 Examine and execute effective usage strategies beyond current applications
Real Estate business
Expand business operations and advance to general
real estate business
   Start on a full scale
real estate company
  “New” Seibu Properties Inc.
Point3 Gain extensive know-how as a Expand of PM (property management) / BM (building management) operations
    18
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Lowering the break-even point
■ Changes in fixed costs (billions of yen)
 373.0
 reduction in FY 2020: ¥42.0 bn
(vs FY 2019)
• Scrutinize expenses as emergency response
measure
• Review operational structure based on demands
312.0
 370
350
330
310 0
Service transformation to suit the new normal
By accurately grasping changes in values and behavior that took place during the COVID-19 pandemic, in addition to Society 5.0 and the SDGs, and transforming the Seibu Group’s services. We will increase “Seibu Group Fans,” who are repeat users of our diverse services, by expanding the scope of customers using the Group’s services and satisfying them in this new era.
  The amount of fixed costs
351.0
Target for fixed costs reduction in FY 2021: ¥22.0 bn
(vs FY 2019)
362.0
Target for fixed costs reduction in FY 2023: ¥11.0 bn
(vs FY 2019)
• Revamp operational structure based on demands
• Bring PM/BM operations in-house
• Revamp businesses and divisional structure
FY 2023
  •
•
• •
Scrutinize expenses as emergency response measure
Revamp operational structure based on demands
Renewing timetable, routes, and ticket offices in line with demand and optimizing number of railcars and buses, etc. owned.
Bring PM/BM operations in-house
Revamp businesses and divisional structure
           FY 2019
FY 2020
FY 2021 FY 2022
・Shift management-related operations to a common Group system; establish a shared company for back-office operations of Group companies to centralize them
・For the next Medium-Term Management Plan and beyond, promote greater efficiency and the shift to smart business operations, for instance, by increasing the use of remote features in stations and expanding the area for one-person operation of railway lines as well as implementing smart driving, including automated driving of buses at an early stage
The decline in the amount for FY 2020 excludes the portion transferred to extraordinary losses (¥18.9 billion).
    Changes in values and behavior
Changes based on Society 5.0
Social changes beginning with the development of digital technology
• Spread of remote working (online conferencing, paperless working, etc.)
• Reduction in tasks performed by humans (use of robots, AI, automated driving
technology, etc.)
• Reduction in travel time, improved convenience (maglev railway, MaaS, etc.)
Changes based on SDGs
Changes in awareness following climate change
• Selecting environmentally friendly modes of transportation • Reductions in plastic waste
• Changing diets, more attention paid to food loss
Changes brought about by the COVID pandemic
• Spread of remote working The impact of COVID-19
• Reduction in opportunities to meet people face-to-face and decline in events • Increase in online social activity
• Increase in health awareness, etc.
Initiative for MICE 2.0
Realize seamless movement and living Capture demand for local leisure activities Strengthen Sports business
In the post-COVID society blending the “digital” with the “real”
Seibu Group’s strengths/challenges
Service transformation to suit the new normal
   Strengths
Real-world business making fullest use of our wealth of infrastructural assets and business infrastructure
Transform services
for different ways of working
   Challenges
Generate demand arising from cases where people’s movement and activities are restricted
   Conceptual image of customer base expansion
Increase “Seibu Group Fans,” who are repeat users of our diverse services.
Existing customers New customers
Satisfy staying customers Expand the scope of customers
       Integrated Report 2021 19

 Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
 The Seibu Group’s DX Strategy
Special Feature
Interview
As part of the process of executing our DX strategy, which is one of the Group’s most important initiatives, in October 2020, the Company invited Mr. SHOJI Tetsuya, a former president and CEO of NTT Communications, to take on the role of executive advisor. Mr. SHOJI is an expert in DX (digital transformation), and in this interview he shares his wide-ranging insights on DX from several perspectives, including the view from society as a whole, corporate management, and the Seibu Group itself.
SHOJI Tetsuya explains what DX means
SHOJI Tetsuya
Executive Advisor
(Corporate Advisor to NTT Communications)
    20
Seibu Holdings Inc.
The Perspective from Society as a Whole
Until recently, Japanese companies focused on introducing IT and digitalization by adopting digital technology piecemeal and then increasing efficiency without really changing the structure of business processes. Going forward, we will see the beginning of a major challenge, which uses DX to fundamentally change existing approaches to work and business processes.
I think COVID-19 has made us aware that we could not continue working in the same way as before. If it becomes a matter of being able to work remotely or virtually, then we need something that has been digitalized, and changes to frameworks and different approaches to execution will be required.
I believe that unless we take an integrated approach to DX that
uses digital technology to the full and takes into account everything from our objective to the process of transformation, effectiveness will not increase.
This creates a dilemma for Japanese companies, which are particularly skillful at making continual improvements in the same direction, but I believe that they now have no choice but to take a leap forward.
My view is that we should first put DX into practice to achieve operational improvements and so on, then implement change and transformation at the next level, ultimately breaking through to achieving new kinds of creativity. This is what I think Japanese companies should essentially be aiming to accomplish through DX.
The Perspective from Corporate Management
 Compared with Europe and the United States, where employees just follow leaders, Japanese companies and organizations have difficulty in unifying their intentions, and I think this is a bottleneck due to a consensus-building society. Even so, once something is understood, action is quick, and once the goals are met and consensus is reached, it is a good point of Japanese companies to complete something to the end.
It is important to get people to realize that it’s okay to change things through DX, that there are more things they could change,
and to help them maintain to encourage them to have the courage to undergo a transformation. There must be a shared understanding of what DX is being implemented for, and both management and the company need to deliver their messages in a way that is easily understood. In the case of the Seibu Group, to achieve the ideals behind the “Smiles ahead" slogan, this probably means sharing the awareness of using DX as a way to improve the value of the customer experience.
The Perspective from the Seibu Group
What are the issues that face Japanese companies as they implement DX?
 I really like the Seibu Group’s group declaration, which is 1. be earnest, 2. walk together, 3. meet challenges. I think this has the essence of whether it is digital or analog.
Within this declaration, walk together express the aim of proactively cooperating with entities within and outside our group. The Group contains a range of businesses, assets, people, and information. If Seibu can succeed in enabling these to circulate and combine more actively, we are likely to see the emergence of synergies. Because there is this real desire to look after people, not just as customers of the railway or of the hotels, but as Seibu Group customers, something like a shared platform for customer data should lead to even closer cooperation.
Even within the Seibu Group, increased cooperation on data will likely lead to changes in the awareness of employees as they become able to see things like “the hotel staff are doing this sort of thing,” and “the railway business has this kind of customer.” I think it would be a waste if individual businesses were unable to transcend their
frameworks and broaden their ideas to enable the Group as a whole to move forward together.
This applies to systems as well. Rather than forcing developers to proceed in lockstep (preventing them from moving forward unless they follow a particular process), agile development involves taking a trial-and-error approach that allows developers to change the exit a little if required and to look around themselves for inspiration.
It's important to have the flexibility to be able to say, “Customers responded in this way, so let's change it.” When you take up challenges like this, there may be failures, but when you succeed the results are worth it. The greater risk lies in not facing up to the challenge.
Finally, I think the Group Vision brings together universal objectives and a universal mission. In other words, when we say that we can achieve this and that using DX, the focus is on what lies beyond that. I am convinced that DX will be a useful and effective tool for accomplishing such a vision.
What advice would you give to the Seibu Group going forward as it seeks to implement DX?

■ Goals of the Group in Our Promotion of DX
Emphasizing a customer-centric perspective, we will use our digital strengths in technology and data utilization to transform the existing Seibu Group CX (customer experience*1) and UX (user experience*2). We will also improve the value of the Group by
generating new customer/user experiences.
Technology Data
Objective facts
Insights
(unique ways of looking at things)
Offensive strategy
Repeatedly verify hypotheses and feasibility; deploy and develop new services and initiatives
Group marketing foundation Alliances/co-creation/research with partners
Defensive strategy Human resources
Providing unique CX/UX
Enhance marketing
Improve efficiency/ productivity of existing operations
Develop core human resources
*1 Customer experience (CX): the responses experienced by the customer from when they become interested in a product or service to the point they use it
*2 User experience (UX): the experience a customer derives from using a product or service
                            ■ Group DX Promotion Framework
   SHOJI Tetsuya,
Executive Advisor
Advice
Seibu Holdings
Working together for mutual cooperation to investigate/promote the creation of platforms and mechanisms for supporting and following up various initiatives
Corporate Strategy Department
DX Information Systems Department
Promotion(DX promotion support, cooperation Support with information systems, etc.)
  Group DX (Organizational management, Promotion Team overall DX promotion/business creation)
 Business Unit
(Person responsible for DX promotion)
The department responsible for Urban Transportation and Regional (Business Strategy Department I)
Urban Transportation and Regional
Business Unit
(Person responsible for DX promotion)
The department responsible for Hotel and Leisure (Business Strategy Department II)
Hotel and Leisure
Business Unit
(Person responsible for DX promotion)
The department responsible for Real Estate (Business Strategy Department III)
Real Estate
Business Unit
(Person responsible for DX promotion)
The section responsible for Sports (Corporate Strategy Department)
Sports/Entertainment/Other
Other/administration departments
Graduates of DX leadership development and training
p. 41
                       Various departments promoting DX
Various departments promoting DX
Various departments promoting DX
Various departments promoting DX
Integrated Report 2021 21

 Seibu Group’s Value Creation Story
Special Feature The Seibu Group’s DX Strategy
     22 Seibu Holdings Inc.
DX
Enhance marketing
■ Group plan for marketing promotion: the whole picture
Loyal customers of the Group
Customers of Group each company customers
4
4
Customers
Potential customers External market
      Initiatives by Seibu Group companies
Marketing promotions for each company
Increase customers’ usage in each company and enhance loyalty
Group marketing promotion
Seibu Holdings initiatives
 SEIBU PRINCE CLUB members
Promotion of Groupwide measures
1) Promoting
one-to-one
marketing*1 2) Creating new
businesses and services through OMO*2
3) Responding to changes in markets, such as declining birthrate
and aging population
Creating common mechanisms for the Group as a whole
1) Integration and cooperation between the membership organizations of every company and the SEIBU PRINCE CLUB
2) Cooperation between every company using SEIBU PRINCE CLUB as a platform
3) Construction of a cashless platform
4) Construction of Seibu Group marketing foundation
     4
Promotion of in-house use by customers/ clients of other group companies
  3
Cultivate customers by encouraging memberships, registrations and use of SEIBU PRINCE CLUB
   2
Raise recognition levels to grow the number of potential customers and the number of customers using our facilities
Branding, Group PR activities
   1
Expand target market by setting new targets for existing businesses and creating new services
Creation of new businesses
  3
  2
1
 *1 One-to-one marketing: techniques for marketing based on the interests and attributes of individual customers *2 OMO (online merges with offline): a marketing strategy based on merging online (virtual) and offline (real)
activities so that the customer receives a service without being aware of the different channels
DX
Improve efficiency/productivity of existing operations
■ Boost productivity and efficiency of operations through operational and workstyle reforms
 • Shift management-related operations to a common Group system →Update accounting systems (beginning gradually in FY 2022).
• Use RPA (robotic process automation) and AI (artificial intelligence)
→Promote the use of the RPA platform within the Group, beginning gradually in FY 2021
• Shift to paperless working and other digital approaches, such as remote working
Groupwide common system
Each company’s core system
 Centralization and coordination
Workstyle reforms
 a
r
 e
 t
t
n
y
o
f
r
d
s
s
s
s
O
v
v
i
i
s
s
a
a
w
w
e
e
t
t
 e
f
g
g
r
e
e
 e
 t
t
n
a
y
o
f
r
d
D

 ■ Using the Group marketing foundation (Image) Expand
SEIBU PRINCE CLUB Members
Groupwide common system
Build a group marketing foundation
Integration and cooperation between the membership organizations of every company and the SEIBU PRINCE CLUB to smoothly link services
Visualize
Analysis system
Improve business operations and judgements for management
Strengthen monitoring
Connect
Group database
Smartphone App.
Use
Marketing automation, etc.
One-to-one marketing
Trial environment
Creation of new services (MaaS, cashless, new businesses that capture changes in the behavior and values of customers, co-creation with external partners, etc.)
Behavioral Customer history sentiment
Customer Response attributes history
Internal data
Mobile data
Payment Data
External data
Customer no. Password
・customer number ・name
・telephone number ・e-mail address, etc.
Using analysis systems that employ data links both inside and outside the Group
Introducing marketing automation; implementing field trials using virtual environments
Analysis and understanding based on a range of data (facts)
Understanding and gaining new awareness of markets and customers
Marketing activities tailored to customers
Reforming services and creating new value for customers
■ Example of promotion: outcomes of new accounting system
To use the full functionality of our evolving accounting system, we are promoting the automation of operations and standardization across the Group. We will use the man-hours and task time saved through operational reforms to grow revenue and further enhance businesses
[Changes in task time/man-hours]
Current
Settlement of accounts
● Creating financial reports
● Shifting to real-time operations
Credit management
● Automated comparison of credits/receipts
After introduction
● Automating routine processing ● More efficient issuing of
Debt management Budget management
● Semi-automation of ● More efficient
Group transactions aggregation of budgets
Match operations to the system and implement radical reform of operations
Directing to profit expansion and further sophistication
invoices
Integrated Report 2021 23

 25.0
0
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
 At a Glance
Fiscal year ended March 2021
Breakdown of operating revenue by segment (%)
7.0
Urban Transportation and Regional
 The Urban Transportation and Regional business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥122,597 million, down ¥45,965 million, or 27.3%, year on year, mainly reflecting a decrease in passenger numbers in railway transportation and bus services and a suspension of operations and restrictions on entry at some leisure facilities and others due to the spread of COVID-19. Segment operating loss was ¥9,817 million, compared with operating profit of ¥22,829 million in the previous fiscal year, due to reduced operating revenue, although the Company reduced nonessential and non-urgent costs and strove to reduce fixed expenses by reviewing the operating format based on demand trends, while transferring fixed expenses at some facilities during the suspension of their operations to extraordinary losses. EBITDA was ¥12,392 million, a deterioration of ¥32,216 million, or 72.2%, year on year.
Hotel and Leisure
The Hotel and Leisure business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥84,050 million, down ¥143,402 million, or 63.0%, year on year, mainly reflecting temporary suspension of operations at hotels, golf courses, leisure facilities, and so forth, as well as a decrease in customers even after the facilities had reopened. Segment operating loss was ¥53,413 million, compared with operating profit of ¥8,533 million in the previous fiscal year, mainly reflecting reduced operating revenue, although the Company cut some nonessential and nonurgent costs and strove to reduce fixed expenses by reviewing the operating format based on demand trends, while transferring fixed expenses at some facilities during the suspension of their operations to extraordinary losses. EBITDA showed a loss of ¥38,145 million, compared with a profit of ¥28,687 million for the previous fiscal year.
Real Estate
The Real Estate business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥55,395 million, down ¥5,068 million, or 8.4%, year on year, mainly reflecting a lack of condominium unit sales in the previous fiscal year and the temporary suspension of operations and decline in the number of customers at commercial facilities, despite an increase in rent at DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, which opened in April 2019. Segment operating profit was ¥15,422 million, a decrease of ¥2,024 million, or 11.6%, year on year, mainly reflecting reduced operating revenue, despite a reduction in nonessential and nonurgent costs and transferring fixed expenses at some facilities during the suspension of their operations to extraordinary losses. EBITDA was ¥27,442 million, a decrease of ¥1,750 million, or 6.0%, year on year.
Operating Revenue
180
120
60
(billions of yen)
          31.8
  14.4
21.8
Urban Transportation and Regional Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Construction
Other
Breakdown represents percentage of operating revenue before adjustments
Operating Revenue
240
160
80
(billions of yen)
         Beginning in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, reporting segments were changed in the following five ways.
・We have added the Yokohama Arena that had previously been included in the Urban Transportation and Regional business segment to Seibu Lions, and included them both in the Other business segment as the Sports business, an area that we aim to expand going forwards
・The Hawaii business has been consolidated in the Hotel and Leisure business segment in order to accelerate the global expansion of the hotel business
・Tomony in-station convenience stores and Nicot near-station daycare facilities that had previously been included in the Real Estate business segment have been transferred to the Urban Transportation and Regional business segment in order to improve lifestyle-related services
・Seibu SCCAT (building maintenance, security company), which was previously included in the Hotel and Leisure business segment, has been transferred to Real Estate business segment in order to extend the scope of its business
・In preparation for creating new fields of business, we have designated Blue Incubation and Blue Muse, which were established on May 1, 2020 and June 1, 2020, respectively, as “new businesses” and included them in the Other business segment
0
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
  Operating Revenue
80
60
40
20
0
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018
(billions of yen) Operating Profit 10.0
7.5
5.0
2.5
(billions of yen)
           Construction
The Construction business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥96,134 million, a decrease of ¥15,636 million, or 14.0%, year on year, mainly due to a sluggish progress and a decrease orders in construction associated with the spread of COVID-19. Segment operating profit was ¥4,058 million, down ¥1,578 million, or 28.0%, year on year. EBITDA was ¥4,552 million, a decrease of ¥1,535 million, or 25.2%, year on year.
Operating Revenue
120
80
40
2019 2020
(billions of yen)
                  00
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
  24
Seibu Holdings Inc.

         KPIs for railway operations
RevPAR
Unit
Millions of people
Millions of people
Millions of people
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
%
FY 2016
FY 2017
FY 2018
FY 2019
FY 2020
        Operating Profit
30
20
10
0
(billions of yen)
Number of operating days Total operating length Train mileage
Number of passengers
Commuter passes
Non-commuter passes Passenger transportation revenue
Commuter passes
Non-commuter passes Boarding efficiency
KPIs for hotel operations
City hotels
Takanawa & Shinagawa area
Resort hotels Karuizawa area
Total
City hotels
Takanawa & Shinagawa area
Resort hotels Karuizawa area
Total
City hotels
Takanawa & Shinagawa area
Resort hotels Karuizawa area
Total
Number of hotel guests Japanese Non-Japanese
Ratio of non-Japanese
365 179.8 173 648 405 242 97,690 44,333 53,356 38.7
FY 2016
11,911 12,873 9,243 19,376 10,980
14,873 14,808 16,198 30,894 15,239
80.1 86.9 57.1 62.7 72.1
4.45 3.40 1.05 23.7
365 176.6 174 658 412 245 99,348 45,137 54,211 39.8
FY 2017
12,732 13,354 9,889 20,980 11,786
15,196 14,830 16,208 31,713 15,466
83.8 90.0 61.0 66.2 76.2
4.83 3.65 1.18 24.5
365 176.6 175 665 417 248 100,533 45,638 54,895 40.0
FY 2018
13,473 13,811 10,319 22,085 12,435
15,845 15,397 16,439 30,529 16,003
85.0 89.7 62.8 72.3 77.7
5.02 3.67 1.34 26.7
366 176.6 177 661 419 242 99,580 45,912 53,668 39.4
FY 2019
12,566 12,474 9,757 20,585 11,636
16,089 15,487 16,401 29,811 16,174
78.1 80.5 59.5 69.1 71.9
4.64 3.48 1.16 25.1
365 176.6 176 472 303 168 70,863 34,755 36,107 27.0
FY 2020
2,540 1,622 4,021
10,674 3,029
15,267 14,031 18,980 33,095 16,699
16.6 11.6 21.2 32.3 18.1
1.51
1.50 0.003 0.2
Days
Kilometers (km)
    Million km
     –10
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
     Unit
  Yen
     Operating Profit
20
0
–20
–40
(billions of yen)
       Average daily rate (ADR)
Yen
          Occupancy rate
%
           Breakdown of hotel guests
   –60
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Millions of people
Millions of people
 Millions of people
%
   Notes: 1 The Takanawa/Shinagawa area is shown as a typical example for city hotels and the Karuizawa area is shown as an example for resort hotels. 2 Revenue per available room (RevPAR) is calculated by dividing total room sales for a given period by the aggregate number of days per
room for which each room was available during such period.
         Operating Profit
20
15
10
5
(billions of yen)
Commercial retail
Leasing space as of March 31
Vacancy rate for leasable space as of March 31
Office and residential
Leasing space as of March 31
Vacancy rate for leasable space as of March 31
KPIs for leasing operations
Unit
FY 2016
FY 2017
FY 2018
FY 2019
FY 2020
           thousand m2
%
239 244 244 0.7 1.1 1.0
166 172 184 3.1 1.9 11.0
246 246 1.0 2.7
208 205 2.0 3.5
                  Unit
FY 2016
FY 2017
FY 2018
FY 2019
FY 2020
         thousand m2
 0
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Other
Notes: 1 The lease of the land is not included.
2 Vacancy rates for leasable space as of March 2019 temporarily increased due to the completion of construction of DaiyaGate Ikebukuro.
%
     Operating Revenue
50
(billions of yen)
Operating Profit
2.5
0
–2.5
–5.0
(billions of yen)
  Segment operating revenue was ¥26,760 million, a decrease of ¥17,455 million, or 39.5%,
year on year, due to the postponed start of the professional baseball league regular season 40 and restricting entry after the season started for the Saitama Seibu Lions, canceled events at Yokohama Arena, etc., while the Izuhakone business and the Ohmi business were also affected
by people refraining from going out and other impacts. Segment operating loss was ¥7,562
million, compared with operating profit of ¥1,874 million in the previous fiscal year, mainly reflecting reduced operating revenue, although the Company reduced nonessential and non-
urgent costs and transferred fixed expenses at some facilities during the suspension of their operations to extraordinary losses. EBITDA was a loss of ¥3,499 million, compared with a profit
of ¥5,642 million in the previous fiscal year.
        30 20 10
      0
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
–7.5
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
  Integrated Report 2021 25

 The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
Our source of growing corporate value
Urban Transportation and Regional
 Railway Bus/taxi
Seibu Railway Seibu Bus Seibu Hire
etc.
Leisure facilities along rail lines
Major facilities:
Seibuen Amusement Park Seibu-Chichibu Ekimae "Onsen" -hot spring facility- Matsurinoyu
       TANAKA Masaki Realize seamless movement &
General Manager,
Business Strategy Department I, Urban Transportation and Regional
Corporate Planning Division
living and smart business operations for a new era
With the COVID-19 pandemic dramatically changing lifestyles, our Urban Transportation and Regional business segment, positioned as the source of higher corporate value, was heavily affected by the decline in the number of railway and bus passengers. Consequently, this segment recorded an operating loss of approximately ¥10.0 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. Sales from commuter passes for railways and bus transportation revenue were also affected by the widespread adoption of remote working, and we do not expect these to recover to their pre-COVID levels in the future.
Looking ahead, we are also faced with several challenges to our business activities over the medium to long term, including declining populations in areas along our railway lines, the falling birthrate and aging population, as well as labor shortages. Given these circumstances, there is an urgent need to respond quickly to these changes in the business environment.
Under the latest Medium-Term Management Plan, we intend to promote initiatives that include redoing timetables and routes in line with changing demand, reviewing the number of staff, and optimizing the number of owned railcars and buses, etc. In the long run, we aim to put in place systems that allow us to manage business operations more efficiently with fewer staff for tasks at train stations and for driving by using digital technology.
We will work to seamlessly transition between movement and living by using MaaS apps. We will do this to revitalize areas along our railway lines, in addition to stimulating local leisure demand, primarily in areas close to leisure facilities near our railway lines. Going forward, we will provide services that incorporate an awareness of sustainability and are also suitable for the post-COVID-19 “new normal” era, while shifting to a business structure that enables the stable generation of profits. We will continue to respond to the needs of those living in areas along our railway lines and to local communities by providing safe, secure, and comfortable services.
  ■ Operating trainlines that serve three of the busiest train stations in Tokyo: Ikebukuro, Shinjuku, and Takadanobaba
■ Providing railway access to popular tourist destinations near Tokyo, including Chichibu, Kawagoe, and Hanno
■ Owning assets in seismically strong areas that offer living environments with a high degree of safety
■ Business model characterized by high fixed-cost ratios
■ Low brand recognition compared with lines operated by
other companies
■ Inconvenience of using several transportation systems in Chichibu, a tourist area
■ Declining populations in areas along our railway lines, falling birthrate, and an aging population
■ Popularization of new lifestyles including the spread of remote working
■ Diversification of entertainment, rising popularity of entertainment in the home
■ Shortages of human resources to support our businesses
* A SWOT analysis is a technique for formulating management strategies by assessing the external and internal environment using a factor analysis with four categories: strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats.
  ■ Providing mobility services that link railways, buses, and taxis
SWOT*
SW
     26
Seibu Holdings Inc.
■ Development of micro-tourism
■ Rising level of interest in MaaS
■ Revitalizing logistics due to e-commerce, shortages of drivers
Analysis
O T
■ Areas around central Tokyo attracting attention as a result of the prevalence
of remote working

Business Strategy in the New Medium-Term Management Plan
   (billions of yen) 180 30
120 20
60 10
00
–10
FY 2019 FY 2020 FY 2021 FY 2022 FY 2023 Operating Revenue (Left axis) Operating Profit (Right axis)
          For the Urban Transportation and Regional business segment, we assume that passenger demand will recover gradually from FY 2021 onward. However, we expect the spread of remote working and other factors to continue to have a negative impact on both sales from commuter passes for railways and revenue from bus transportation. On the other hand, we will work to stimulate local leisure demand by improving the value of leisure facilities along our railway lines, including renovating Seibuen Amusement Park in collaboration with Katana Inc. and by bringing in the Warner Bros. Studio Tour Tokyo – The Making of Harry Potter for the former Toshimaen site. Against the backdrop of the results of these initiatives, we are aiming for sales from non-commuter passes in railway operations to exceed their pre- COVID-19 levels in FY 2023.
In addition, although depreciation will increase as a result of upgrades to railcars, renovations of leisure facilities, and other programs, by reworking timetables, routes, ticket offices and optimizing the number of owned railcars and buses in line with demand, we plan to reduce the fixed cost burden in such areas as personnel expenses, power and fuel costs, and repair expenses.
For the numerical targets for the third year of the Medium-Term Management Plan, in the Urban Transportation and Regional business segment as a whole, we are aiming for operating revenue of ¥167.4 billion and operating profit of ¥22.6 billion, or similar levels to those of FY 2019.
* The Impact from applying the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition (operating revenue)
FY 2021: –¥3.9 billion, approx. FY 2022: –¥4.1 billion, approx.
FY 2023: –¥4.2 billion, approx.
Visual image of Seibuen Amusement Park
   Related Topics
Providing MaaS to achieve seamless transitions between movement and living
MaaS is a concept that makes services possible that boost convenience for people and that make movement more efficient. MaaS resolves a range of problems facing society, such as congestion and environmental concerns in urban areas and how to accommodate the mobility impaired in rural areas. By combining the latest technology with a variety of services in facilities near Seibu Railway lines, we will not only improve existing mobility services and introduce new ones in those areas, but we will also provide valuable complex services to achieve seamless transitions between movement and living.
At Seibu Railway, between September and November 2020 we conducted field trials in the Kawagoe area of the SeMo tourism-oriented MaaS app for searches, booking, and payments, allowing a single smartphone to be used to enjoy movement, tourism, and shopping.
At Seibu Bus, over the previous fiscal year we collaborated with local governments and companies outside the Group to provide the MaaS “Meets! HANNO Pass” for the Hanno area. Using a smartphone app, tickets to leisure facilities within the city can be bought together with bus tickets, reducing interpersonal contact for a safer and more secure service, while offering opportunities for visitors to rediscover tourist attractions along our railway lines. Between February and March 2021, we began field trials for the operation of large driverless buses, and are researching next-generation mobility technology in response to expected labor shortages and to maintain the public transport network.
Going forward, we will continue to make further use of digital technology, design services tailored to each area, and collaborate with organizations outside the Group, including local governments. Our goals are to provide services that meet the requirements of people living in areas along our railway lines and to expand the introduction of new mobility services.
 Conceptual diagram of the SeMo service
  Bookings/ Movement payment
Present digital ticket
Tourism
Present digital ticket/coupon
Movement
Present digital ticket
      Integrated Report 2021 27

 The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
Our corporate value growth driver
Hotel and Leisure
Hotels
Domestic: Overseas:
Prince Hotels Hawaii StayWell Hotels
Leisure
Golf courses Ski resorts Aquariums, etc.
        ARAHARA Masaaki
Managing Officer,
General Manager,
Business Strategy Department II, Hotel and Leisure
Corporate Planning Division
Develop asset-light business, and build the industry’s No. 1 quality hotel chain
In the fiscal year ended March 2021, the impact of COVID-19 uncovered the high volatility of the Hotel and Leisure business segment, as seen in the evaporation of inbound (from overseas) tourist demand that had until then been the driver of growth. In addition to cutting all nonessential and nonurgent costs, we also worked on reducing fixed costs, such as utilities expenses and overtime work costs. These actions mainly stemmed from suspending operations of some facilities based on demand and making changes to business formats, such as consolidating operations. We also transferred fixed expenses during the temporarily suspension of operations to extraordinary losses. Nevertheless, the segment as a whole posted a significant operating loss.
Previously, the business model used by Prince Hotels had been one of unified ownership and the management of assets, but with sales declining sharply as a result of the recent COVID-19 shock, the substantial costs incurred by ownership of assets led to a significant impact on our financial foundation. To guard against potential future crises, Prince Hotels will shift to an asset-light business model. Specifically, to improve our financial foundation, our focus will be on operations that do not involve the ownership of assets, and at the same time we will grow our business with a sense of urgency.
Going forward, as the highest quality hotel chain in the industry, we will expand the business primarily by managing operations under contract and through franchises. Over the medium to long term, our aim is to rapidly operate 250 hotels in Japan and overseas. As a hotel operator, we will strengthen our marketing operations to provide services that leave customers more satisfied than ever. In addition, by generating returns that exceed the expectations of asset owners, we will grow our brand and expand this business segment.
  ■ The know-how to develop and manage full-service hotels, ski resorts, and golf courses that we have gained as an owner operator
■ StayWell’s expertise in using asset-light business models
■ Data platform that exceeds one million members and others, both in
Japan and overseas
■ Progress in digital technology
O
T ■ Decline in business demand caused by the popularization of online meetings
■ Unclear when the COVID-19 pandemic will end
■ Persistent demand for staying at home in Japan, increase in demand for virtual travel
■ Highly volatile risks revealed by the COVID-19 shock ■ High break-even point, financial risk
■ Low brand recognition for Prince Hotels overseas
S SWOT W
Analysis
       28
Seibu Holdings Inc.
■ Rising awareness of SDGs, green issues
■ Demand for “nature” and “countryside,” demand for value-added
experiences, demand for solo travel, diversity of travel formats driven by rising awareness of safety and security (workations and micro-tourism)
■ Development and adoption of COVID-19 vaccinations

Business Strategy in the New Medium-Term Management Plan
   (billions of yen) 240 24
120 12
00
–12
–60
Operating Revenue (Left axis) Operating Profit (Right axis)
     FY 2019 FY 2020 FY 2021 FY 2022 FY 2023
Looking at the business environment going forward, we assume that the expansion of vaccination programs in FY 2021 will result in a recovery of interest in travel, that the COVID-19 pandemic will be close to being resolved in FY 2022, and that inbound tourism and the domestic economy will recover in FY 2023. On the other hand, we also assume that changes in values and behaviors that arose during the COVID-19 pandemic (remote working, online meetings, etc.) will persist in post-COVID-19 society, and we will work to transform services in response. Specifically, we intend to capture new demand by creating products from collaboration with other companies, such as the further exploitation of workations, the development of hybrid MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences, and exhibitions) that connect offline venues with online events for corporate MICE events, and the expansion of plans that include PCR testing.
 In May 2021, Prince Smart Inn Kyoto Shijo Omiya began operations, which resulted in operating three hotels under the Prince Smart Inn brand using the next-generation hotel concept. We will grow this brand in Japan, as we grow the StayWell brand of hotels overseas.  In addition, we will review the number of employees we need, centered on the banquet division; promote multitasking; bring inhouse previously outsourced services, such as bookings; streamline general and administrative departments; and automate operations using RPA, etc. Through these initiatives, we will concentrate resources on those operations that will be at the core of hotel services going forward and reduce fixed costs, while aiming to increase the value we provide to customers.
 Looking at the numerical targets for the third year of the Medium- Term Management Plan, we forecast operating revenue of ¥225.9 billion and operating profit of ¥22.0 billion for the Hotel and Leisure business segment as a whole.
The details of the previously mentioned policy on use of hotel assets (whether to sell and manage hotels under contract or continue to hold hotels within the Group, etc.; see page 18) are still being scrutinized, and so have not been factored into the above- mentioned figures for the Medium-Term Management Plan.
* The impact from applying the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition (operating revenue)
FY 2021: –¥1.7 billion, approx. FY 2022: –¥1.9 billion, approx.
FY 2023: –¥2.1 billion, approx.
Prince Smart Inn Atami
Prince Smart Inn Kyoto Shijo Omiya
    Related Topics
Initiatives for MICE suited to the post-COVID-19 “new normal” era
The spread of online meetings and declines in attendance at events and conferences accelerated due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In response, we will stimulate new demand for banquet halls by leveraging digital technology and by providing a wider range of services and opportunities. In addition to the previous format, primarily real-world attendance and hiring out venues, we will offer hybrid MICE events that blend digital and in-person participation and that connect our venues to other venues and venues to customers’ homes. In addition, by leveraging content from inside and outside the Group, we will propose new ways of using banquet halls through our own way of hosting MICE 2.0 events, especially linking banquet halls all over the country to enable participants to watch dinner shows, ice skating, baseball games, and so on. By using digital technology for some parts, we will create new value by generating a tangible, real-world sense of togetherness.
 MICE 2.0 concept
Hiring out venues Exhibition/Event Meetings +
Exhibitions Presentations Trade Fairs
Convention/Conference
  Meetings Training Events Seminars
Hosting events using content from outside the Group
Real world × Digital
+
Using/developing new content inside the Group for hosting
events
    Academic
International Conferences
Incentives
Preview Events Award Ceremonies Inspections
Primarily real world
Integrated Report 2021 29

 The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
The key to raising our corporate value
Real Estate
● Development and operation of stores in train stations, destination-type shopping malls, and other commercial facilities
● Development of Seibu Railway lines and hotel sites in city centers
● Office and residential leasing
      MATSUMURA Hideaki Expand business operations and
General Manager,
Business Strategy Department III, move to general real estate business Corporate Planning Division
In the fiscal year ended March 2021, the Real Estate business segment was affected by the decline in demand caused by people not going out and by temporarily shutting down some facilities following the announcement of a state of emergency. As a result, operating profit fell by ¥2.0 billion year on year. Facilities with relatively low volatility, such as offices and residences, maintained high occupancy rates. However, in the central Tokyo market we have also seen signs of cancellations due to the popularization of remote working, and careful attention to changes in demand is required.
It is possible that changes in office demand in central Tokyo will lead to the dynamic of the survival of the fittest, but the real estate owned by the Group benefits from advantageous locations, and we believe that we can grow our brand value further, enabling our locations to become areas of choice for urban planning. In addition, we are accelerating new initiatives, such as shared offices and workation facilities, in order to capture the shift in demand from the city center to the suburbs caused by remote working. Going forward, we will continue to stimulate demand tailored to new lifestyles, and our intention is to make use of real estate through new ideas, including idle land that up to now had been difficult to use.
In the future, through the reorganization of the Group announced in the Medium-Term Management Plan, we will consider and execute new ways to use assets more effectively, including those assets transferred to us by Prince Hotels, without restricting ourselves to current applications. In this way, we intend to maximize the value of our real estate. By accumulating a wide range of management know-how (AM / PM / BM),* we aim to take the step forward required to become a general real estate company that can consider and execute a variety of techniques to achieve optimal solutions.
Real Estate
  ■ Holds extensive assets, including those that are part of large-scale development projects
■ Advantageous locations in central Tokyo and inside/near stations
■ Seibu Group brand power, sense of security
■ Synergies with other businesses within the Group
■ Some land underutilized or not being used ■ Volatility of Commercial Division
■ Aging of existing properties
S SWOT W Analysis
       30
Seibu Holdings Inc.
■ Spread of shared offices and workations, re-evaluation of suburbs and resorts
■ Growth in new demand (logistics, etc.)
■ Progress and spread of digital technology leading to new,
more diverse workstyles
■ Enhanced awareness of SDGs, ESG, and green issues
O T
■ Spread of remote working leading to declining occupancy rates in offices
■ Stay-at-home consumption caused by the rising popularity of e-commerce
■ Fewer hosted meetings and events
■ Opening up of facilities by other companies (emergence of
competition)
* AM: asset management, PM: property management, BM: building management

Business Strategy in the New Medium-Term Management Plan
  The Real Estate business segment promotes the effective use of assets owned by the Group all across Japan. Going forward, through the reorganization of the Group set out in the Medium-Term Management Plan, we will consider and execute new ways for the more effective use of assets, including Prince Hotels assets, without restricting ourselves to current applications, and increase the scope of our business operations to include the general real estate industry in order to maximize Group value.
The Real Estate business segment of the Seibu Group has accumulated wide-ranging expertise for developing and operating offices, residences, and commercial properties, such as the Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, which had its grand opening in 2016. Our “total coordination” approach gives us a competitive advantage.
For future large-scale developments, the Real Estate segment intends to maximize the value of central Tokyo areas with significant potential, such as Takanawa/Shinagawa and Shibakoen. We are also considering collaborations with other developers, as well as various financing plans.
Over the next three years, our main project will be the development of the west side of Tokorozawa Station, with more large-scale developments in central Tokyo areas scheduled to begin after that.
By creating new value, we will promote development along Seibu Railway lines, and move ahead with developments that open up the way for more attractive urban planning.
* The impact from applying the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition (operating revenue)
FY 2021: –¥2.8 billion, approx. FY 2022: –¥2.8 billion, approx.
FY 2023: –¥2.8 billion, approx.
Shinagawa Station
Takanawa / Shinagawa area Blue: Takanawa, Red: Shinagawa
 (billions of yen) 60 20
45 15 30 10 15 5
00 FY 2019 FY 2020 FY 2021 FY 2022 FY 2023
Operating Revenue (Left axis) Operating Profit (Right axis)
               Related Topics
Developing new businesses suited to the post-COVID-19 “new normal” era: Emi Cube prefabricated unit rental service
With changes in behaviors and values being accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic, there have also been significant changes in requirements for both office space and living space. In response to consumer’s desire for “a space of my own,” Seibu Properties launched the Emi Cube prefabricated unit rental service in March 2021. The concept is for “a space to enjoy time to myself.”
The first of these properties is Emi Cube Musashiseki, a two- minute walk from Musashiseki Station on the Seibu Shinjuku line. There is a site of around 260 m2, with each of the three units having a deck, air conditioning, toilet, washbasin, and approximately 10 m2 or 12 m2 of space.
The interior of these units can be changed to match customers’ wishes and can be used for a variety of applications, such as a room to immerse yourself in writing or hobbies, or as a space for concentrating on remote working.
In September 2019, Seibu Properties opened emiffice Nerima, the first shared office in the Seibu Group, and to reflect the rapid diversification in workstyles, we opened the second of these properties, emiffice Oizumi Gakuen, in March 2021.
Going forward, we will continue to capitalize on the assets owned by the Seibu Group, and develop our businesses to meet the requirements of customers using areas along Seibu Railway lines.
Emi Cube Musashiseki
  emiffice Oizumi Gakuen
Integrated Report 2021 31

 The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
Support for Higher Corporate Value
Construction
Key points from the Medium-
Term Management Plan 100 25
     As a result of the sale of Seibu Construction Supply and other
factors, operating revenue was lower than before the COVID-19
pandemic. However, in addition to strengthening actions for getting 60 15 orders in growth areas and winning new orders related to renewable
energy, we aim to increase overall revenues by monetizing what
we are calling Sustainability Actions, such as biomass power
generation. As well as reducing overtime and rigorously managing
costs, we will restructure some businesses and divisions, with the
aim of improving profitability. For the numerical targets for the third
year of the medium-term management plan, we are forecasting
operating revenue of ¥99.4 billion and operating profit of ¥5.3
billion for the Construction business segment as a whole.
Topic
Initiatives to generate synergies centered on sports business
“Sports” was one of the keywords for the Seibu Group mentioned in the Business Division Discussion presented in Annual Report 2020. As well, for the Medium-Term Management Plan in FY 2021–2023, we will strengthen this policy even more by linking the various businesses of the Group with the goal of generating synergies among them.
The value of sports
Changes in values and behavior
COVID-19・Enhanced digital services ・Sense of yearning/anticipation for
(billions of yen) 120   30
  80   20
 40   10
20   5
 00 FY 2019 FY 2020 FY 2021 FY 2022 FY 2023
 Operating Revenue (Left axis) Operating Profit (Right axis)
The impact from applying “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (Operating revenue)
FY 2021: –¥2.1 billion, approx. FY 2022: –¥0.7 billion, approx. FY 2023: –¥0.7 billion, approx.
  Strengthening sports business
 Seibu Group’s strengths/ challenges
     Changes the body
・Growth, development, promotion of health
Works the mind
・Emotion, passion, affection, empathy
The
impact of・Penetration of social distancing
・Making effective use of our abundant assets, such as MetLife Dome, Yokohama Arena, golf courses, and ski resorts
・Using the Saitama Seibu Lions' accumulated expertise in the sports business
・Developing and capitalizing on the fitness business
・Expanding “soft” services that combine the real and digital worlds
  real-world spaces and contact ・Lack of exercise caused by people not going out and
working remotely ・Increased health awareness
   Through business developed in the sports and entertainment field based on the concepts of ease and enjoyment, we will provide living environments that offer rich mental and physical stimulation to encourage the creation of new activities for our customers.
Connecting the Group’s diverse businesses to generate synergies
Do Sports
Expand services that provide easy interaction with sports, both online and offline, to raise interest in involvement with sports.
Launching Sports Holding events at Fitness gyms/schools App service Group facilities that encourage easy
participation
Watch Sports
Develop content and provide sports and entertainment experiences for enjoying both online and offline.
        32
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Opportunities to spectate at real-world facilities
New profit opportunities using digital technologies
Opportunities to participate in online events

Other
     MetLife Dome area renovations (construction completed in March 2021)
Taking advantage of the 40th anniversary in 2018 of the Saitama Seibu Lions basing themselves in Tokorozawa, we have renovated the area around MetLife Dome; construction was completed in March 2021. As well as refurbishing the practice grounds, with the goal of further strengthening and developing the team, we have finished the conversion of the area into a comprehensive "baseball park" by opening up restaurants, a play area for children, and other features, enabling spectators to enjoy their time before and after the game. We will use these renovations to improve the overall experience for spectators and encourage the use of Seibu Railways.
Goals
Aims Investment
・Improve the appeal of the MetLife Dome area
Provide new value that can be enjoyed by all generations by converting the area into a comprehensive "baseball park"
・Strengthen/develop the team
Creating an environment where the Lions, already with a strong reputation for training, can pursue better training
・Create a new customer base
・Drive the Group forward as the leading symbol of the Seibu brand
 ¥18.0 billion (approx.)
Player dormitory; indoor practice ground; merchandise shop; refurbished reserved seating; installing new seats and VIP lounge in the area behind the netting
         Details of
the major investments
Making the digitally enabled “smart stadium” a reality
Partnership agreement concluded with NTT Communications
・Began services for being able to check the ventilation and the amount of congestion in the baseball arena
・New entertainment content, the “Lions Virtual Stadium”
     Services for being able to check the ventilation and the amount of congestion in the baseball arena
The MetLife Dome seen from the perspective of the mound in a virtual space
Maximizing the positive effects of the recent renovations
 ■MetLife Dome
Capacity
■Saitama Seibu Lions
Total number of spectators at official games
(regular season only)
31,552
300,000*
1,821,000
(2020)
(2019)
      * In order to prevent the spread of COVID-19 during the 2020 season, official games were initially held without spectators, with limits on the number of spectators being gradually eased over time. During the 2021 season, we are continuing to hold official games with some restrictions on the number of spectators (as of June 30, 2021).
Key points from the Medium-
(billions of yen)
60 15 40 10 20 5
 Term Management Plan
 In the sports business, in addition to maximizing the positive effects
of converting the MetLife Dome area into a "baseball park,” we
will create additional profit opportunities by strengthening the
entertainment field. In the Izuhakone and Ohmi businesses, we will 00 work to improve operating profits by revamping these businesses
   and restructuring the divisions. Looking at the numerical targets for the third year of the Medium-Term Management Plan, we have forecast operating revenue of ¥42.2 billion and operating profit of ¥1.0 billion.
FY 2019
FY 2020
FY 2021
FY 2022
FY 2023
–5
–10
  Operating Revenue (Left axis)
Operating Profit (Right axis)
The impact from applying “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (Operating revenue)
FY 2021: –¥1.5 billion, approx. FY 2022: –¥2.0 billion, approx. FY 2023: –¥2.1 billion, approx.
Integrated Report 2021 33

 Management Approach for Creating Value
Sustainability Actions
The Seibu Group has always placed the highest priority on the safety and security of customers, paid close attention to the natural and the global environments, and has developed business and services in close cooperation with local governments along and around our railway lines. In addition to promoting activities that instill an awareness of the Group Vision in every employee, enabling them to act in harmony with the vision’s principles, the Group also focuses on creating comfortable work environments. In May 2019, the Company announced Sustainability Actions, or initiatives that incorporate an awareness of the SDGs, with the goal of helping to resolve social issues. Going forward, we will continue to deal with the following initiatives to help achieve a sustainable society.
 Message from the Director in Charge
Based on the Group Vision, our management philosophy, the Seibu Group is promoting what we call Sustainability Actions, initiatives that have 12 key objectives under four categories, intended to help achieve a sustainable society.
Sustainability is one of the pillars of our strategy in our Medium-Term Management Plan, and is intended to increase corporate value and realize a sustainable society in any environment. Based on our perception that environmental concerns centered on climate have become an important social issue, we have positioned Green Management as an area of particular emphasis. Specifically, we are upgrading to energy-saving buildings, using renewable energy such as solar power, and working to reduce waste. To effectively understand, respond to, and disclose the impact of climate change, in this fiscal year we also expressed our support for the TCFD recommendations.
With people's values and behavior changing significantly, we will promote the growth of our business by tying this to Sustainability Actions, and continue to work on building trust with all our stakeholders going forward.
NISHIYAMA Ryuichiro
Director
Senior Managing Officer Executive General Manager, Corporate Planning
  ■ Seibu Group will promote Sustainability Actions with the 12 key objectives (Materiality) under four categories of creating a sustainable society
Safety
● Ensure safety and reliability Measures to prevent accidents and the spread
Environment
● Greenhouse gas reduction
● Waste reduction ● Ensuring water
   of infections
Testing driverless buses
Community Engagement
supply
    ● Protecting forest and species
   Corporate Culture
Solar sharing (growing agricultural produce beneath solar system)
  ● Developing rail corridors and invigorating local communities
● Creating accessibility through Universal Design (UD)
● Aging population and low birthrate
● Workstyle reforms ● Recruiting a diverse
Operating Emi Farm farm rental service
Operating Emi Cube prefabricated unit rentals
workforce
  Tokorozawa Station west side development project
Seibu Lions “L-FRIENDS”
● Human resource development and management
● Compliance
Expansion of satellite offices
Managing employee health in coordination with Allm Inc. and others
   East gate station building
   34
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Development area
West gate
Tokorozawa Station East gate
/ TEZUKA PRODUCTIONS
Green Management

■ Sustainability Actions Implementation Framework
Seibu Group Sustainability Committee (meets twice annually, in principle)
  Board of Directors
   President & Chief
 Seibu Group Sustai
Executive Officer
nability Committee
  Group subsidiaries
 Promoting department
Corporate Strategy Department (Sustainability Actions supervising department)
 Seibu Group Council for Promotion of Sustainability Actions
Promoting department
Promoting department
      Business Business Business Business Business Business company company company company company company
 ■ Roadmap for achieving long-term targets
[Mission]
Improve the effectiveness of Sustainability Actions carried out Groupwide by providing direction and monitoring progress
[Members]
President & Chief Executive Officer of Seibu Holdings (Chairperson)
Executive Officer in Charge of Corporate Strategy Department of Seibu Holdings
Presidents of main business companies in Seibu Group
[Responsibilities]
• Report on the progress of Sustainability Actions initiatives taken by subsidiaries (including reports on CO2 emissions)
• Formulate policies and programs, such as the key objectives of the Sustainability Actions
• Matters requiring a Group-wide response, such as those that address climate change
[Mission]
Share direction and progress reports among subsidiaries
and promote systematic progress
[Members]
General Manager of Corporate Strategy Department, Seibu Holdings (Chairperson)
Representatives of Departments promoting Sustainability Actions
[Responsibilities]
• Share information on directions deliberated by the Seibu Group Sustainability Committee
• Report on the progress of Sustainability Actions • Share information on Group-wide plans
Seibu Group Council for Promotion of Sustainability Actions
         Sustainability Actions
Initiatives for safety, community engagement, and corporate culture
・・・
2030
Environment or
Support for the TCFD Progress on reaching CO2 reduction targets recommendations (solar power, biomass power generation,
2021 2022 2023
Helping to Achieving
      Green Management
reductions in waste, etc.)
initiatives
Initiatives for monetization, such as the (social) revitalization of local governments along and around our railway lines
Growing contributions to earnings
mitigate global management that warming
takes sustainability into account Reduce CO2 emissions intensity by 25% by FY 2030, etc. (compared to FY 2018)
   ■ Process of determining the Group's key objectives
  STEP 1
Identifying social issues
Refer to SDGs, ISO 26000, GRI standards, etc. to identify social issues.
  STEP 2
Selection of social issues
Select social issues after assessing the business domain, external environment, and comparing with other companies’ initiatives.
  STEP Finalize agenda
3
 Determine and categorize priorities based on the Group Vision, the details of initiatives currently being implemented, and discussions at management meetings, then finalize the agenda.
The Board of Directors approve Sustainability Actions for inclusion as priority initiatives in the Medium-Term Management Plan.
Integrated Report 2021 35

 Management Approach for Creating Value
Sustainability Actions
Response to climate change risk
■ Green Management
・With the advance of global warming, we actively practice Green Management, maintaining an appropriate awareness of both the risks and business opportunities associated with climate change, to help deal with its effects.
・We disclose information when it is necessary, in addition to supporting the recommendations of the TCFD, while maintaining an awareness of climate change risk and other issues and working to respond.
Seibu Group Targets for Reduction of Environmental Impact
Seibu Group aims to reduce environmental footprint (CO2 emissions per basic unit of operating revenue) by 25% by FY 2030 over FY 2018
   Reducing energy consumption and using alternative energy sources to cut CO2 emissions
● Switching fixtures of railways, hotels etc. to high-efficiency LED light fixtures, and utilizing CO2-free electricity
● Reducing energy usage by replacing railcars, buses, and taxis
Waste reduction
● Enhance the LOSS TO VALUE project aimed at converting all losses into value
● Reducing food waste
● Reusing agricultural produce, food waste, and residue from water treatment plants
   Operating bus using Euglena biodiesel fuel
Fuel cell bus
Seibu operates Leo Liner, a solar-powered train
   Power generation
 ● Initiatives for solar power generation (expanding the use of self- consumption)
・Existing large facilities in the countryside
・Future development sites including the areas along Seibu Railway lines and
large-scale development in central Tokyo area, etc.
● Initiative for the use of biofuels
・Conversion of thinned and pruned branches, grass cuttings, and food waste
into renewable energy at Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd. (currently being researched)
Expressing support for the TCFD recommendations
In addition to recently announcing our support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), the Seibu Group has also joined the TCFD Consortium.
Going forward, we will continue to disclose information related to business risks and opportunities triggered by climate change, from the perspectives of risk management and business strategy.
     36
Seibu Holdings Inc.

■ Risks and opportunities
Making assumptions about the future impact resulting from climate change, the Seibu Group extracted risks and opportunities and discussed them in the Seibu Group Sustainability Committee. Going forward, the Company will analyze and set assumed scenarios and then proceed to extract, analyze, and disclose impacts on the Company’s business, strategy and financial plans.
Climate change risks are set as one of those in the Risk Management Plan, which is formulated annually based on the Regulations for Seibu Group Risk Management, and are controlled after being integrated into Groupwide risk management. Afterward, the extracted and identified risks and opportunities will be dealt with sequentially quickly and effectively through Sustainability Actions and effective risk management.
Major risks and opportunities
Introduction of carbon tax (rises in electricity bills and fossil fuel expenses due to increasing electricity generation costs)
Stricter compliance with carbon emissions targets, and ZEB regulations (incurring cost to address them [updating of equipment])
Energy procurement costs (impact of changes in overall energy demand)
Loss of users due to excessive CO2 emissions compared to other companies
Impact of exacerbation of extreme weather on business (increase in suspension of transport services and operations and reduction of operational rates)
Damage to facilities and buildings due to exacerbation of extreme weather (increase in renovation expenses and higher risks of flooding and landslides)
Decrease in the number of users as the intense heat of summer lowers their desire to go out
Reduction in power and utility expenses due to improved energy efficiency
Greater use of company-owned land and effective use of company-owned forests due to wider usage of renewable energy
Users’ growing preference for transportation methods, accommodations, and office buildings that emit less CO2
Increasing preference for facilities with high disaster preparedness and more investment by investors
Timing of occurrence: 1 year in the short run, 1 to 4 years in the medium run, and 4 to 15 years in the long run
Long term ↓↓
Timing of occurrence
    Category
Risk items and impacts
Impact
     Migration risk
Policy, laws and regulations
 Market
  Physical risk
Reputation
  Opportunity
     Medium term
↓↓↓
  Medium ↓↓ term
Medium ↓↓ term
Medium term
Medium term
Medium term
    ↓↓
↓↓↓
↓↓↓
      Medium ↑↑ term
Medium term
Medium term
Medium term
  ↑
↑↑
↑↑
      ■ Indicators and Goals
The Seibu Group has adopted greenhouse gas reduction as one of its Sustainability Actions agenda and has been actively striving to reduce emissions.
The Group has set environmental footprint reduction targets in a continued effort to reduce CO2 emissions and help prevent further global warming. The Group will set targets and manage indicators sequentially that are necessary for its active efforts in the future.
● Current status of CO2 emissions
Scope 1 CO2 emissions tCO2
Scope 2 CO2 emissions tCO2
CO2 emission reduction from selling electricity tCO2
Reduced emissions from electricity supplied to the market by the Group’s solar energy business are factored into the total reduction amount.
 The Group aims to reduce CO2 emissions per unit of operating revenue by
by FY 2030 compared to FY 2018.
25
%
 Breakdown
 Unit
  Fiscal 2018 (base year)
  Fiscal 2019
  Fiscal 2020
  Compared to the base year
 CO2 emissions
 tCO2
 699,813
 667,519
 539,148
 –23.0%
 CO2 emissions per unit of operating revenue
  tCO2/million yen
  1.23655
  1.20363
  1.59956
  +29.4%
   225,867
482,000
8,054
216,663
462,943
12,086
159,507
391,382
11,741
–29.4%
–18.8%
+45.8%
   The Company calculates the volume of its CO2 emissions by subtracting the effect of CO2 reduction that is deemed to have contributed to environmental preservation through its business operations (including the effect of CO2 reduction from selling electricity) from CO2 (Scope 1 + Scope 2) emitted through its business operations. 
Integrated Report 2021 37

     Management Approach for Creating Value
Sustainability Actions
Safety
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/sustainability/safety/
The Seibu Group provides services that prioritize the safety and security of customers. While supporting the infrastructure used by customers in their daily lives, and focusing on providing environments where they can spend time securely, whether for business or pleasure, the Group steadily implements initiatives, including those for investing in safety by installing effective equipment, and by educating employees through training and ensuring that they follow best practices.
● COVID-19 infection countermeasures
Conducting regular disinfection and ventilation of the interiors of railway cars, buses, taxis, and stations, and using vinyl seats to prevent infection from aerosolized droplets
Formulated and promote the Prince Safety Commitment as a hygiene standard for hotels and set up disinfectants and cameras that detect body temperature in commercial properties
● Capital investment to ensure transportation safety
Reducing the number of railway crossings by promoting continuous grade separations
Implementing safety measures on station platforms, such as installing doors on platforms and detection systems to prevent a person falling into the gap between the platform and the train
● Equipment for disaster countermeasures
The Group has set up emergency food warehouses, emergency power supplies, and space for stranded commuters, at commercial properties such as DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, and Grand Emio Tokorozawa
● Initiatives to ensure food safety
● Initiatives to deal with organized crime groups
■ Response to COVID-19
As a corporate group that owns elements of the social infrastructure, Seibu Holdings employs infection countermeasures to enable our customers to safely and securely use our properties and services.
[Partnership with Allm]
In March 2021, Seibu Holdings entered into a business partnership with Allm Inc. Using the health and medical ICT solutions provided by Allm will allow us to work together on the development of a range of projects for the post-COVID-19 “new normal.” We have implemented some of these initiatives: opening dedicated PCR clinics in the Shinjuku Prince Hotel and on the concourse at Ikebukuro Station; deploying PCR testing at weddings and MICE events; and introducing infection countermeasures at baseball games before spectators enter the MetLife Dome, the Saitama Seibu Lions stadium.
■ Ensuring operational safety
We implement programs to ensure the safety of transportation and food to enable customers to enjoy the Group’s properties with comfort.
・Reducing accidents at railway crossings by promoting the continuous grade separation
project on Seibu rail lines and by applying safety measures on station platforms, such as installing doors on platforms and setting up detection systems to prevent people from falling into the gap between the platform and the train
・Implementing hygiene control at Prince Hotels following the internationally recognized HACCP approach, and implementing initiatives for food education to ensure food safety
■ Disaster countermeasures, preparations for accidents and emergencies
With natural disasters caused by climate change occurring more frequently, the Group is cooperating with local governments and improving disaster prevention programs such as drawing up disaster plans for facilities that we own, with the aim of contributing to safer and more secure communities.
・We periodically hold BCP training exercises on the Seibu Railway and elsewhere to ensure the safety of customers and employees in the
event of a major natural disaster, and to restore operations as quickly as possible
・In preparation for disasters, we have set up emergency food warehouses, emergency power supplies, and space for anyone having
difficulty returning home, at facilities such as DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, and Grand Emio Tokorozawa ・We have drawn up railcar evacuation plans for the Izuhakone Railway
        Basic Policy
 Agenda
Ensure safety and reliability
Main initiatives
     38
Seibu Holdings Inc.

      Environment
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/sustainability/environment/
Having built up close ties with local communities and society through a wide range of businesses, including railways and hotels, the Group places a high priority on the consideration for the conservation of natural and local environments that will be the foundation for sustainable growth.
In addition to reducing the environmental impact from operations, such as making more efficient use of energy, the Seibu Group works to conserve the environment through business activities and actively communicate with stakeholders. In this way, the Seibu Group will achieve sustainable growth, while fulfilling the obligations of a good corporate citizen on all levels.
● Introducing energy-saving railway cars and equipment, such as Laview Limited Express trains and 40000-series commuter trains (which reduce annual electricity consumption by approximately 60% when compared with the trains that they replaced)
● Promoting renewable energy, such as solar (including solar sharing), hydroelectric, and geothermal power generation
● In addition to promoting energy savings in recently constructed office buildings, promote energy efficiency of all equipment,
including by introducing highly efficient heating systems, for instance by converting to LED lighting
● Reducing food waste by reviewing the size of purchased lots, providing education by putting up posters, and other programs to discourage having leftover food, as well as cutting back on portion sizes
● Contributing to a recycling-oriented society through such initiatives as promoting LOSS TO VALUE, transferring to other companies the railway cars that have been retired or replaced, and making more effective use of wood from tree pruning
● Restricting the volume of tap water by using well water and by reusing wastewater and rainwater
● Supporting water quality programs by donating to local governments that extract groundwater
● Working to protect and expand green spaces through measures such as the management by the Seibu Group of a forest in the Hanno region in cooperation with the local government and civic organizations
● Promoting the banning of plastic straws and disposable plastic bags with the aim of reducing the plastic waste thought to have a negative effect on marine life and ecosystems
         Basic Policy
 Agenda
Greenhouse gas reduction
Main initiatives
   Waste reduction
  Ensuring water resources
  Protecting forests and species
  ■ The Seibu Group renewable energy
All over Japan, the Seibu Group uses renewable energy, including energy generated by solar power, to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. On April 1, 2021, the Seibu Railway Yamaguchi line (the Leo Liner) began using electricity generated by the Seibu Takeyama Solar Power Station for all of its requirements, effectively reducing the previous 300 metric tons or so of annual CO2 emissions to zero. This is the first time in Japan* that all trains on one line, for year-round operations, have used electricity with non-fossil fuel certificates coming from inhouse solar power.
■ Promoting the LOSS TO VALUE Concept
In September 2020, we began the LOSS TO VALUE project, intended to convert every loss into value. As part of these initiatives, we repurposed cigarette vending machines, which had become surplus to our needs in December 2020, by using them to sell powdered tea in stick form in boxes designed to reflect the local area under the Chabacco brand on stations along the Seibu and Izuhakone Railways. As a new approach to selling souvenirs during the COVID-19 pandemic, this initiative supports producers in every region and helps to invigorate local communities. It also helps people to rediscover the area by conveying information on new regional attractions.
    Prince energy eco farm Shizukuishi
Musashigaoka Rolling Stock Inspection Area SOLAR ECO-VILLAGE Adogawa Prince energy eco farm Nango
Tsuchiyama Service Area
Prince energy eco farm Sapporo
Prince energy eco farm Tsumagoi Seibu hanno hidaka solar power station Seibu takeyama solar power station Prince energy eco farm Izu
Prince energy eco farm Karuizawa hydroelectric power plant
             *According to a survey conducted by Seibu Railway
Mishima Station
Izu-Nagaoka Station
Shuzenji Station
Integrated Report 2021 39

       Management Approach for Creating Value
Sustainability Actions
Community Engagement
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/sustainability/communication/
       The Seibu Group is working to revitalize local regions through public transportation operations in collaboration with local communities, and by committing to regional economies by promoting hotel and real estate businesses in cooperation with the governments along and around our railway lines. We take the falling birth rate and the aging population as one of the social issues and also are actively applying Universal Design (UD).
● Measures to attract tourists: beginning operation of trains that can accept bicycles and the Emi Farm farmland leasing program
● Measures involving increased cooperation with local communities: holding SEIBU Green Marché events along railway lines to bring together and sell local produce and foodstuffs
● Measures to ensure local transportation: mixed transportation of passengers and freight / MaaS business
● Ensuring barrier-free access
Supporting people with disabilities as a partner organization for a smartphone app called Mirairo ID, designed for people with disabilities
● Inbound tourism: deploying an independent duty free tax exemption system and providing Wi-Fi
● Making it easier to raise children: expanding the Nicot network of daycare centers near stations with the aim of supporting the child-rearing generation
● Implementing measures to support raising children: the year-round Seibu Juku program allows children to experience the work of the Seibu Group
● Measures for senior citizens: arranging walking events in areas along Seibu, Izu-Hakone, and Ohmi Railways
Corporate Culture
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/sustainability/activities/
ty]
[Mountainous areas]
“Shared delivery” by cargo truck
■Initiatives in Chichibu (Chichibu Model / traditional farmhouse hotels)
The Seibu Group has increased the number of initiatives that focus on the Chichibu region, a well-known tourist area with good access from central Tokyo, surrounded by nature and blessed with abundant historical and cultural assets. In March 2021, the city of Chichibu announced a program to leverage smart mobility and to help implement a project called the Chichibu Model that blends everyday living, transportation, and logistics. Nine organizations are participating in the project, including Seibu Holdings, Seibu Railway, and Seibu Kanko Bus. The Chichibu region has many places between mountains, making it increasingly difficult to maintain the social infrastructure for day-to-day life or following a natural disaster.
While cooperating with the other participating organizations, the Company will work in the fields of MaaS and mixed transportation of passengers and freight, being responsible for building part of a business model that optimizes and streamlines the movement of people and goods.
Further, we are participating in a project to restore some of the old farmhouses that dot the Chichibu area, and use them as hotels and restaurants, thus stimulating tourist demand in the region.
Chichibu area
 Basic Policy
 Agenda
 Developing rail corridors and invigorating local communities
Main initiatives
 Creating accessibility through Universal Design (UD)
   Aging population and low birthrate
Transportation of people and things from outside the region using railway
Transportation of daily goods/medical items by drone, or transportation of materials by drone at times of disaster
 [Central district of ci
Transfer of cargo at existing facilities / charging equipment node for drones and electric vehicles
On-demand transportation using small-scale electric mobility solutions (for transportation of older people in mountainous areas, etc.)
    Central Tokyo
Use of electric vehicles for on-demand transportation (daily life, tourism), and as a source of power at times of disaster
Mixed transportation of passengers and freight on regular bus routes
         The Seibu Group intends to achieve the Group Vision by instilling an awareness of the vision in every employee so they are guided by its principles. We are also making workplaces more comfortable and motivating, and we are fostering a corporate culture that all stakeholders can trust.
● Revamping personnel systems and improving work environments
Supporting diverse workstyles by promoting staggered work hours & flextime and remote working as well as leveraging ICT that leads to different ways of working.
● Deploying RPA to improve operational efficiency
● Implementing initiatives to change the awareness and behavior of employees, including SEIBU Diversity College, meetings on diversity and inclusion, and lectures to promote diversity
● Securing diverse human resources by, for instance, employing people from overseas, those with disabilities, and senior citizens
● In addition to correspondence courses and courses held by SEIBU ACADEMY that are open to all Group employees, other programs enable employees to attend postgraduate courses or to study overseas
● Further improving the system for training tailored to position and years of employment
● Employee management: seven companies of the Seibu Group were recognized under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program
● Establishing the three main pillars—rules, organization, penetration and embedding—centered on the Seibu Group Code of Corporate Ethics, which was created based on the Group Vision
● Training to improve awareness of information security, such as training for targeted email attacks and media training
■Promoting workstyle reforms
 Basic Policy
Agenda
Workstyle reforms
Main initiatives
The Seibu Group has used ICT and IoT to manage working hours, review inefficient operations, and promote workstyle reforms.
 To enable employees to produce high-quality outcomes regardless of their location or time when they are working, we introduced staggered working hours in 2017, remote working in fiscal 2019, and flextime in fiscal 2020. Even during the COVID-19 pandemic, when remote working became the norm, we were able to operate efficiently.
 Going forward, we will continue to work on adopting diverse workstyles, such as workations, as well as on improving productivity by using RPA.
 As part of these actions to provide a comfortable working environment that enables a balance between work and childcare, the Company has opened a nursery in the head office of Seibu Railway. We are also encouraging male employees to use childcare leave through such measures as distributing written guides.
 We also offer temporary leave for childcare, infertility treatments, or overseas study, and a “comeback” system for those seeking to re-enter the workforce, as well as opportunities for employees to transfer within the Group or to partner companies when they relocate.
  Recruiting a diverse workforce
 Human resource development and management
 ■ Certified as Outstanding Health & Productivity Management Organizations Seven companies in the Seibu Group were recognized under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program. These companies were rated highly for extensive health checks, for implementing stress checks, and for other initiatives designed to promote employee health.
Companies recognized under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity
■ 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program (Large Enterprise Category)
Seibu Holdings Inc. (first time)
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd (first time)
Seibu Properties Inc. (second time, second
consecutive year)
■ 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program (SME Category)
Seibu Lions, Inc. (second time)
Seibu Travel Inc. (first time)
Seibu Electrical Construction Co., Ltd. (fourth time, fourth consecutive year) Seibu Tetsudo Service Co., Ltd. (second time, second consecutive year)
Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program
  40
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Compliance
 
 Human Resource Development
Message from the Director in Charge
In the Seibu Group, which is engaged in a variety of businesses, we have concentrated on creating an environment where every employee finds it totally easy to do their own work and to achieve a feeling of job satisfaction.
Currently, in addition to labor shortages caused by the falling birth rate and aging population, the values related to work have been changing dramatically. So, securing employees with a high level of ambition and ability has become a major issue for companies. The entire Group is working to ensure that rather than simply “working” without direction, every employee clearly understands the significance of their work, finds it easy to do their assigned tasks, and achieves a sense of job satisfaction.
We believe that developing human resources is the strategic cornerstone of the Company’s sustainable growth. To maintain sustainable growth—however the environment changes—we will create environments where a wide range of employees can fully participate and promote human resource development.
■ Diversity initiatives
The Seibu Group believes that taking a respectful, multifaceted approach to fostering the abilities of diverse employees is the way to motivate employees and encourage innovation. We are developing an environment where all individuals can participate regardless of their age, gender, nationality, or if they have disabilities. In particular, to promote more participation by women, we have set the target for the three main companies in the Group of achieving the rate of 15% for female managers in management roles by FY 2025.
From the perspective of a multifaceted approach, we are also hiring mid-career employees from a wide range of industries to use their expertise and experience, including in DX.
■ Initiatives for human resource development
OGAWA Shuichiro
Director,
Senior Managing Officer General Manager, Personnel Department
  Shared numerical targets for the three main companies of the Seibu Group*1
 All items refer to targets for FY 2025
Ratio of male employees taking childcare leave
30%
Ratio of female managers*2
15%
Annual paid leave utilization rate (%) *3
70%
   *1 Three main companies: Seibu Holdings, Seibu Railway, and Prince Hotels
*2 Management role: any position from manager and higher
*3 Annual paid leave utilization rate (%): numerical target for Seibu Holdings, and
Prince Hotels
The Group offers development through training tailored to specific positions with the Group; selective training to develop the next generation of senior managers, such as MBAs and study overseas; courses, centered on liberal arts subjects, that are open to all Group employees; and correspondence courses.
Beginning in FY 2020, to further promote Seibu Group’s DX initiatives, new selective training for future DX leaders was introduced with the aim of securing and developing professional employees who are comfortable in the digital age.
 DX leader training program
This training, which takes place over approximately two months, raises the knowledge and skills of participants to the level required for us to promote the use of DX, and seeks to develop human resources who are able to consider highly viable businesses and services based on DX ideas. Business plans developed during training have been reported to management.
The FY 2020 DX leaders training program was attended by 31 people from five Group companies. This is one significant result (from a questionnaire implemented approximately two months after training): 90% of participants experienced a definite change in the way they thought about and behaved in relation to DX. The training is scheduled to continue in FY 2021 and beyond, with the aim of promoting ideas for using DX not only in training but also outside the classroom.
[Feedback from participants]
・I feel that I have become able to organize in my mind what actions to take toward realization, always keeping in mind "who the customers are and what their needs are."
・I have begun to look at things from multiple perspectives, such as the UX perspective, the data-centric approach, and a business operations viewpoint.
・I have become able to discuss things like the nature of new user experiences and how to improve this by use of data.
・Even after finishing the training, I have actively sought out information related to DX to prevent my study and awareness of the technology from coming to a standstill. Going forward, my goal is to widen the scope beyond our own operations, and instill digital awareness throughout the organization.
・DX training led to enhanced cooperation with other departments.
 Implementation themes in FY 2020
Devising business plans to create the Seibu Group of the future based on promoting DX ideas
Training program* (1) DX overview
(2) Marketing
(3) UX design
(4) Using data
(5) Business development (6) Final report meeting
 * Combination of group training and online training
Integrated Report 2021 41

 Management Approach for Creating Value
The Board of Directors (as of June 22, 2021)
   New Reappointment New Reappointment
Outside
Independent
Director
GOTO Takashi
President
Chief Executive Officer
Elected/reelected at the 15th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (held in June 2020).
Elected/reelected at the 16th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (held in June 2021).
Indicates outside directors in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act
Indicates independent officers in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Listing Regulations issued by the Tokyo Stock Exchange
From left in the front row: GOTO Keiji, OHYA Eiko, ARIMA Atsumi, TSUJIHIRO Masafumi From left in the back row: UWANO Akihisa, KOYAMA Masahiko, KITAMURA Kimio, GOTO Takashi, TAKAHASHI Kaoru, NISHIYAMA Ryuichiro, OGAWA Shuichiro
     Reason for nomination Reappointment Since his taking office as president and representative director
of the Company, Mr. GOTO has showed strong leadership as a pivotal member of the management team and contributed significantly to improving the Seibu Group’s corporate value while drawing on his prior experience.
Even under the severe economic situation expected due to the impact of COVID-19 in the future, we are certain that he will show leadership in firmly continuing the business and business development toward “value change” of society in the post COVID-19 era, and will play an essential role toward increasing the medium- to long-term corporate value and shareholder value.
TAKAHASHI Kaoru
    Director
Senior Executive Managing Officer
Reason for nomination Reappointment As the person responsible for the Company’s accounting and
finance, Mr. TAKAHASHI has been working to ensure accurate disclosure of financial information, strengthen the financial structure and increase earnings capability, increase the Seibu Group’s reliability, and contribute to increasing corporate value.
Looking ahead, we are certain that he will contribute to enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value by applying the abundant practical experience he has accumulated to date and by promoting the financial strategies necessary to establish a solid funding structure and business foundation for the Seibu Group, even under a severe economic environment due to COVID-19.
   NISHIYAMA Ryuichiro Reason for nomination Reappointment
OGAWA Shuichiro Reason for nomination Reappointment
     Director
Senior Managing Officer Executive General Manager, Corporate Planning
As the person responsible for the administration and the corporate communication, Mr. NISHIYAMA has contributed to enhancing the Seibu Group’s corporate value by striving to strengthen the group management function and enhance the corporate image.
We are certain that even under the difficult economic conditions expected in the future, he will make every effort to maintain business continuity of the Seibu Group, and will contribute to enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value by strengthening and supervising the Group’s management structure and corporate communication strategies in the post COVID-19 era.
Director
Senior Managing Officer General Manager, Personnel Department
As the person responsible for personnel, Mr. OGAWA has widely managed and supervised the Seibu Group’s personnel measures, contributing to increasing corporate value by realizing diverse workstyles that are also in line with changes in the business environment while developing and effectively using human resources, and creating an environment in which people can achieve their full potential.
In addition, he has also overseen administration since April this year, supervising the response to the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 in the Seibu Group.
We are certain that he will continue to propose and realize personnel measures that will contribute to the sustainable growth of the Seibu Group and strengthen the Group management structure to adapt to changes in the business environment, thereby contributing to the enhancement of corporate value over the medium to long term.
19/19 (100%)
KITAMURA Kimio Reason for nomination New
KOYAMA Masahiko Reason for nomination Reappointment
Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
 Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
 Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
    42
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
Director
Mr. KITAMURA contributed to the enhancement of the Seibu Group’s corporate value by assuming positions in the corporate planning and personnel departments of the Company, as well as effectively utilizing assets and reviewing existing businesses of Ohmi Railway Co., Ltd. as president of the company since June 2015.
He was then appointed as president of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. in April 2020. We are certain that he will leverage his abundant experience to date and contribute to enhancing the medium- to long-term corporate value of the Seibu Group by undertaking the formulation and execution of medium- to long-term strategies while adapting to changes in the business environment of urban transportation and regional business due to the impact of COVID-19.
Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors*:
Seibu Holdings Corporate Directors and Executive Officers WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/group/officer/
   14/14 (100%)
* As Mr. KITAMURA became a director at the 15th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,
his attendance is given only for meetings of the Board of Directors held after he was appointed.
Director
As president of Prince Hotels and director of the Company, Mr. KOYAMA has contributed to the enhancement of corporate value of the Seibu Group by successfully capturing earning opportunities targeting new customer segments in the Hotel and Leisure business segment.
We are certain that he will contribute to enhancing the medium- to long-term corporate value of the Seibu Group as he will make every effort to maintain business continuity even under the difficult business environment expected in the future, and will undertake the formulation and execution of strategies for the transformation and growth of the Hotel and Leisure business segment given changes in the value of society in the post-COVID-19 era.
Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
18/19 (94.7%)

 UWANO Akihisa Reason for nomination Reappointment
OHYA Eiko
Director
Outside
Independent
Reason for nomination Reappointment
Ms. OHYA possesses abundant knowledge of social conditions in Japan and overseas gained through activities as a commentator and a member of various panels and committees over many years.
She has also wide knowledge of the media, and her broad and multifaceted advice backed by those activities and advice concerning changes in lifestyles and value transformation due to the impact of COVID-19 enable the various perspectives from a consumer standpoint to be reflected in the Company’s management, while leading to revitalization of the Management Council and the Board of Directors.
We believe that her opinions from a broad perspective backed by her knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
      Director
GOTO Keiji
Director
Independent
ARIMA Atsumi
Director
Independent
As the person responsible for the administration, Mr. UWANO has contributed to enhancing the Seibu Group’s corporate value first by working on to strengthen the Seibu Group’s management structure and now by making effective use of the Group’s assets in the Real Estate business segment as President of Seibu Properties Inc. and Director of the Company.
We are certain that he will contribute to enhancing the medium- to long-term corporate value of the Seibu Group by undertaking the formulation and execution of medium- to long-term strategies for the Seibu Group’s Real Estate business segment while adapting to changes in the business environment that have been significantly affected by the spread of COVID-19.
Reason for nomination Reappointment
As an attorney, Mr. GOTO possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to corporate legal affairs.
The Company receives advice from a risk management perspective concerning the legal compliance of each measure and the impact on reputation as well as adapting to change in the business environment due to COVID-19, while also receiving advice from him in promoting sustainability actions.
We believe that his opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
Reason for nomination New Ms. ARIMA has a wealth of knowledge and experience from her
career to date, which includes having served as an executive officer at a megabank.
The Company receives proposals for management strategies and plans and execution of measures from her standpoint as a Director of Seibu Railway and Prince Hotels, and advice at many levels such as from the perspective of fostering human resources and diversity to adapt to change in the business environment due to COVID-19.
The Company believes that her opinions from a broad perspective backed by her knowledge and experience can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
TSUJIHIRO Masafumi
Reason for nomination
Reappointment
    Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
    Outside
    Director
Mr. TSUJIHIRO possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience and keen insight with respect to Japanese economy and corporate management, gained through his longstanding experience as Chief Editor of an economics magazine and his current position as Professor of the Faculty of Economics at Teikyo University.
Mr. TSUJIHIRO’s expert opinions including related to management judgments and corporate direction based on economic trends and advice on DX strategies and marketing contribute to facilitate the Company’s Board of Directors and promote the sustainable growth of the Company.
We believe that his opinions from a broad perspective backed by his track record, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium-to long-term corporate value.
Outside
Independent
  Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
  17/19 (89.5%)
Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
18/19 (94.7%)
  Outside
  Note: Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors is for FY 2020.
 As Ms. ARIMA was appointed to the Director at the 16th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, she did not attend any meetings during FY 2020.
● The skill and experience of each Director
Looking at management, the items we recognize as required skills are those in the universally recognized fields of expertise in corporate management, finance/accounting, personnel/labor relations/human resource development, and legal/risk management. In addition, we have specified Group initiatives for sustainability and marketing/DX as required skills.
         Name
Responsibilities in the Company
Composition of each committee
Nomination Advisory Committee
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Corporate Governance Council
Corporate management
Finance/ accounting
Personnel / labor / human resources development
Legal / risk management
Sustainability
Marketing / DX
                  GOTO Takashi
TAKAHASHI Kaoru
NISHIYAMA Ryuichiro
OGAWA Shuichiro
KITAMURA Kimio
KOYAMA Masahiko
UWANO Akihisa
OHYA Eiko
GOTO Keiji
TSUJIHIRO Masafumi
ARIMA Atsumi
Corporate Affairs Supervision, Compliance Dept.
Accounting Dept., Finance Dept.
President’s Office, Corporate Communication Dept., Corporate Planning Dept.
Administration Dept., Personnel Dept., Group Human Resources Development Dept.
President and Representative Director of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director of Prince Hotels, Inc.
President and Representative Director of Seibu Properties Inc.
Outside Director, Independent Director
Outside Director, Independent Director
Outside Director, Independent Director
Outside Director, Independent Director
           Note: The above list does not represent all the knowledge and experience of each director.
Integrated Report 2021 43
Board of Directors

 Management Approach for Creating Value
Message from Outside Directors
  Outside director
OHYA Eiko
Jun. 1969
Aug. 1984 Jul. 1991
Jun. 2001 May 2007 Apr. 2008 Jun. 2013
Apr. 1982 Jun. 1992
Apr. 2001 Jan. 2003 Aug. 2004 Aug. 2005
Mar. 2006
Jul. 2008 Apr. 2009
May 2012
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015
Jun. 2016
Representative Director of Nippon Information Systems Inc.
Representative Director of Office E Co., Ltd. Representative Director of Ohya Eiko Jimusho Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Shiseido Company, Ltd.
Outside Director of Takashimaya Company, Limited
President of Oya Soichi Bunko (currently Oya Soichi Library) (present)
Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Joined the National Police Agency
Assistant Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat
of Cabinet Legislation Bureau
Director, Community Safety Department
of Osaka Prefectural Police Headquarters Director, Police Administration Department
of Aichi Prefectural Police Headquarters Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat
(in charge of security and crisis management) Registered as attorney at law Joined
Nishimura & Partners (currently Nishimura & Asahi)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
of Hakuyosha Co., Ltd.
Established Goto Compliance Law Firm Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Prince Hotels, Inc.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
of Central Security Patrols, Co., Ltd. (present) Director of Prince Hotels, Inc. (present) Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Outside Corporate Auditor of Fukuda Denshi Co., Ltd. (present)
Government policies during the COVID-19 pandemic could be described as “don't go out,” “don't talk to each other,” “don't eat and drink,” and “don't go to see anything.”
When these policies were applied to the Seibu Group, they collided head on with the “Smiles ahead" slogan. Prince Hotels also falls entirely into this category. It is as though the whole Group was caught up in an immense tornado.
It is incredible that it has lasted an entire a year, and is still ongoing.
Along the street that leads from my home in Hiroo to the office in Minami Aoyama, there are more and more stores that appear to have closed down. When I
Over the past year, I have felt that we have worked continuously to come up with the optimal response to unprecedented changes in circumstances caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. This pandemic nearly extinguished demand for hotel accommodations and caused dramatic declines in passenger numbers for both railways and buses. Under these conditions, the Board of Directors first discussed and then executed initiatives to control declining sales and operating profit, how to lower the break-even point, and ways to revise investment projects. To prevent the spread of infection among employees and customers, we also began PCR testing within the Group, which led to a new business with the characteristic of making a social contribution, consisting of supplying PCR tests to those outside the company.
Prince Hotels incurred significant losses as a result of
When a company is hit by an external shock that is so significant that its customers and markets evaporate, and that is prolonged to the point that it leads to changes in the behavior of customers and the structure of markets, then management and the Board of Directors must respond in three ways. First, they must lower the break- even point. Second, they must increase the amount of capital. Third, they must begin reforming their business model. During the unprecedented COVID-19 crisis of the past year, the Seibu Group has wasted no time in tackling these three issues. They lowered the break-even point by reconsidering business flows in the railway and hotel operations and achieved significant capital increases by leveraging relationships of trust with financial institutions. However, the most important issue is that, based on the
  Outside director
GOTO Keiji
  Outside director
TSUJIHIRO Masafumi
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2001 Sep. 2004
Jun. 2006 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2015
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Apr. 2020
Joined DIAMOND, Inc.
Editor-in-Chief of DIAMOND, Inc.
Director of Marketing Bureau of DIAMOND, Inc.
Director of DIAMOND, Inc.
Adviser of Prince Hotels, Inc.
Outside Director of Prince Hotels, Inc. Professor, Faculty of Economics at Teikyo University (present)
Director of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. (present) Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Director of Prince Hotels, Inc. (present)
 44
Seibu Holdings Inc.

contacted the store where I always went to buy seaweed, they told me that they had shut down the business.
I have heard that the only disease in history that we have been able to completely eradicate is smallpox. I think we have to assume that the battle will continue against a virus that we cannot yet wipe out.
What concerns me the most is that the most important things for us as people are the “nonessential” behaviors I mentioned earlier, those that we have been forbidden to do. It is that joy in life that is absent from other animals, and that only people can experience.
Among them, language is the most important element that divides people from animals. Today, seeing the deterioration in the language used by both politicians and
near-zero demand for hotel accommodations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Based on the assumption that other pandemics will occur in the future, the conversion from the previous unified ownership-management approach to an asset-light business model has become a major theme. The COVID-19 pandemic has not only been a catalyst for preparing for future crises, but it has also for making the decision to expand more aggressively in Japan and overseas. Even when confronted by a crisis such as this, the Board of Directors discussed medium- to long-term initiatives, such as those related to the SDGs; established Green Management in response to climate change; and took steps to reduce food losses. In addition, the Saitama Seibu Lions has for some time been supporting children living in foster care homes, and of course those programs have continued. We are strengthening those initiatives where we contribute to
new asset-light management policy, the Group has begun a bold set of structural reforms intended to reorganize Group companies, while radically reconfiguring the hotel business. The Group was able to begin substantial reforms, even in a challenging environment where earnings continued to fall. It was due to the strength of management leadership that convinced the Board of Directors to give serious consideration to the reform policies, following discussions by both outside and inside directors, receiving the support of senior managers, and formulating these policies into a plan of execution. In other words, corporate governance functioned effectively during this time of crisis.
However, many issues remain to be resolved if the structural reforms are to be carried out. For instance, structural reforms mean that every business in the Seibu
businessmen, I feel it is vital that we treat language as more important and think about it more seriously, however much people complain.
Languages began to fulfill the need to be understood by others and to gain their sympathy. Why on earth do people think using loanwords is cool? Japanese incorporates so much more profundity, and so many more subtle touches.
Whether it is in business plans or in the speech used in commercials, I would like people to focus on what they want to convey, and for them to come back to that and consider whether there might not be words that are easier to understand, or easier to empathize with, and so gain them supporters.
society.
The COVID-19 pandemic has led to the spread of
lifestyle changes, such as remote working, and the Group’s businesses will also need to be changed to deal with these changes. We must also put in place a management structure, and establish a financial position, that is capable of dealing flexibly with crises, such as pandemics, that we assume will occur at some point in the future.
As an outside director, I would like to see the Board of Directors maintain this awareness of problems going forward, and continue to engage in lively discussions and the examination of issues. I expect the Seibu Group to use the COVID-19 pandemic as a catalyst to cultivate even more resilience to crises, to develop and expand business, and to make further contributions to society, and I will assist as much as I can with these efforts.
Group must achieve an advantage over its competitors, and maintain this competitive edge at a high enough level to sustain a level of profits into the future. The new functions and capabilities that the Group must acquire to achieve this are such things as DX, marketing, and branding. In a manner of speaking, we have been thrown into a competition to build these capabilities. That being the case, the issues that we face are clear. It is vital that we put in place an internal education framework to allow widespread recurrent education and reskilling within the Group on the one hand, and on the other hand making sure that employees become more eager to learn. I believe we must again think deeply about the meaning of human capital being the best resource available to management.
   Integrated Report 2021 45

  Management Approach for Creating Value
Message from Newly Appointed Outside Director
Outside director
ARIMA Atsumi
 Apr. 1986 Apr. 2013 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2016 Apr. 2019
May 2020 Jun. 2021
Joined The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Ltd. (currently Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.) General Manager of ALC Advisory of Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Advisory of Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Executive Officer, General Manager of Global Sales Department of Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Outside Director of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Director of Prince Hotels, Inc. (present)
Outside Director of Takashimaya Company, Ltd. (present) Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
I see my role as making proposals for creating new value to help achieve “the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group”
 46
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Q1 As a newly appointed Outside Director, what are your aspirations?
I would like to work with stakeholders both inside and outside the Company to further improve strengths and appeal. I worked in the financial industry for 32 years, particularly in corporate finance, M&As, and asset securitization divisions, where I considered problems from the same perspective as management, occasionally provided support for their decision-making, and implemented programs to add value for clients.
I was researching and practicing impact investing, which considers both economic and social returns, long before ESG became as popular as it is now in the financial industry. In 2018, I participated in an overseas program at Harvard University called the Advanced Leadership Initiative (ALI). In this collaborative program, which transcended the individual sectors of business, government, and NPOs, I studied alongside other business leaders and academics with the aim of devising optimal responses to increasingly complex social issues. The Company has also positioned initiatives for sustainability at the core of management, and I intend to use my past experience and track record to provide a range of opinions on these measures.
Looking at diversity, which is a prerequisite for the items mentioned earlier, I feel that rather than taking a superficial approach, or simply trying to achieve certain numbers, we must come up with proposals that fully leverage the values and the experience of individual employees to generate a propulsive force that will provide support for management reforms.
In addition to my position here, I serve as an outside director at companies in other industries, as well as the director of a foundation and as a trustee. I hope to make use of the bird’s-eye view I have acquired from these roles to further bolster the effectiveness of the Board of Directors of Seibu Holdings.
Q2 What aspects of the Seibu Group do you think are attractive?
In addition to the large-scale redevelopment that is planned for urban areas, the Company has many resources that still have significant unutilized potential. For example, some of the regions that lie along Seibu Railway lines, such as Chichibu, have enormous appeal. Then there are other potential resources such as areas at home and abroad where Prince Hotels, the golf courses and ski resorts are located, in addition
to extensive forestry. I feel that the awareness that President Goto, the management, and the employees have all focused on compliance since the relisting of the Company, the genuineness of their approach to safety and security, and the way in which the desire to look after the customer has penetrated the corporate culture are an important part of the brand value of the Group. I empathize strongly with the “Smiles ahead" slogan of the Group, and with the policy of earning ethical profits that is derived from that slogan.
I am looking forward to seeing a variety of strategies being executed as Seibu Holdings works towards becoming “the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group,” and a company with an even more substantial presence. Under the new Medium-Term Management Plan, the Group has also taken up the challenge of an asset-light approach for reforming the business model. In our hotel operations, there will be a structural change from the previous approach of unified ownership and management to one where the asset owner emerges as an additional stakeholder. I expect the process of expressing and explaining to asset owners the strengths and the value that has until now only been shared internally to lead to a further strengthening of their expertise. By bringing things that had previously been hidden internally to the surface, and pursuing a strategy under the eyes of external third parties, will further refine their highly specialized skills. The alliance with StayWell could become significant from the new asset-light perspective and for developing the business for growth, as well as global values.
Q3 What do you believe is the role of the Seibu Group during the COVID-19 pandemic?
There is a shared sense within the Company that even after the COVID-19 pandemic, the world will not go back to the way it was. Based on the changes in values and behavior that have been occurring, the Company has held large meetings, which included frontline employees, to consider what can be done, and those attending have come up with a range of valuable ideas. In Japanese, the word for tourism is written as “seeing light,” and I believe we must seriously consider what kind of light we can show to people in a post-COVID-19 society. To achieve this goal, I believe that not only must we look for synergies within the Group, but it is also important to work together with local communities, other companies, and NPOs to see how we can create new value. Collaborations with external companies such as JR East and Allm have already begun, and it is my hope that the Seibu Group will become an engine for the creation of new value for society as a whole.

Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Managing Officers (as of June 22, 2021)
 Reappointment
New
Outside
Independent
From left: NAKAMURA Hitoshi, FUKASAWA Isao, SAKOMOTO Eiji
Reelected at the 13th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (held in June 2018).
Elected at the 16th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (held in June 2021).
Indicates outside Audit and Supervisory Board members in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act
Indicates independent officers in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Listing Regulations issued by the Tokyo Stock Exchange
  Audit & Supervisory Board Member
NAKAMURA Hitoshi
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Reason for nomination
New
FUKASAWA Isao
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Reason for nomination
Outside
Independent
Reappointment
SAKOMOTO Eiji
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Reason for nomination
Outside
Independent
Reappointment
            Mr. NAKAMURA has a wealth of experience, including previous appointments as general manager of the Finance Department at the Company, Seibu Railway and Prince Hotels, subsequently serving as director of Seibu Railway, before leading management as President of Seibu Construction and Izuhakone Railway. He has a wide-ranging understanding of the Seibu Group’s operations in general.
As an attorney, Mr. FUKASAWA possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to corporate legal affairs.
We judge that he is capable of using these attributes to conduct audits of the Company based on a fair and neutral perspective and also to provide appropriate feedback.
We believe that Mr. FUKASAWA’s opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management.
As a certified public accountant and certified public tax accountant, Mr. SAKOMOTO possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to financial affairs and accounting.
We judge that he is capable of using these attributes to conduct audits of the Company based on a fair and neutral perspective and also to provide appropriate feedback.
We believe that Mr. SAKOMOTO’s opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management.
  Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
 Attendance at the meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board:
15/15 (100%)
 Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
 Attendance at the meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board:
15/15 (100%)
As Mr. NAKAMURA was appointed to the Audit & Supervisory Board at the 16th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, he did not attend any meetings during FY 2020.
Managing Officers
KADA Atsushi
Managing Officer,
General Manager, Internal Audit and Internal Control Department
NAKAGAWA Yoshihide
Managing Officer,
General Manager, Investor Relations Department, Corporate Planning
ARAHARA Masaaki
Managing Officer,
General Manager, Business Strategy Department II, Corporate Planning
YAMAZAKI Kimiyuki
Managing Officer,
General Manager, Information Systems Department
Note: Attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board meetings are for FY 2020.
  Seibu Holdings Corporate Directors and Executive Officers WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/group/officer/
Integrated Report 2021 47

 Management Approach for Creating Value
 Corporate Governance
■ Basic Policy
The Seibu Group strives to maximize corporate value and shareholder value by fulfilling social responsibilities through business activities and earning the trust of shareholders, customers and all other stakeholders based on the Group Vision, which incorporates the management philosophy and management policy, and the Seibu Group Corporate Code of Ethics, which sets out the Group’s basic rules on compliance.
To further promote corporate governance, the Group works to improve management soundness and transparency, to raise the level of and to accelerate decision-making by management, centered on the Board of Directors, and to continually strengthen the internal
■ Corporate Governance Structure
Seibu Holdings Corporate Governance
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/ir/management/governance/
control systems of the entire Group.
In addition to ensuring the rights and equality of shareholders,
the Group engages in constructive dialogue with shareholders to improve corporate value and shareholder value over the medium to long term, and strives for timely and appropriate disclosure of information and effective cooperation with stakeholders.
Our basic approach to corporate governance, our corporate philosophy and our management policy, as encapsulated in our Group Vision, have all been developed in reference to principles defined in the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s Corporate Governance Code, and are publicly disclosed on our corporate website.
    Nomination Advisory Committee Remuneration Advisory Committee Corporate Governance Council
[Operational Organizations]
General Meeting of Shareholders
Election/Dismissal Election/Dismissal
Board of Directors Audit Audit & Supervisory Board Appointment/Dismissal/Supervision
     President and Chief Executive Officer
Instruction/Reporting
Cooperation
Audit
Cooperation
Election/Dismissal
  Seibu Group Sustainability Committee
Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee
J-SOX Committee
  Management Council
Direction/Order
Managing Officers Divisions of the Company
Business Companies
■ Corporate Governance History
Cooperation
       Audit
Internal Audit and Internal Control Department
  Audit
Audit
Accounting Auditor
 FY 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
         Institutional design
General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
Management Council
Audit & Supervisory Board
Managing officer system
Audit & Supervisory Board system
Corporate Ethics Committee
J-SOX Committee
                                 11 11 11 10 10 ---- -     - -     -
4444 4     4 4     4
2222 2     2 2     2 ---- -     - -     -
Basic remuneration Retirement benefit system*2
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Nomination Advisory Committee
Corporate Governance Council
Seibu Group Sustainability Committee
11 12 12 15 15 12 12 12 11 223334444 444444443 222222222 111111112
Stock-based remuneration and stock option system*2*3
Stock-based remuneration system
with Board Benefit Trust*3 (BBT) 49 56 57 56 57 56 56*5 55*5
(19) (26) (28) (28) (28) (27) (27) (25) 41,041 51,207 48,217 47,686 51,078 53,712 40,563 47,297
  Director *1
Audit & Supervisory Board Member *1
Total members Outside directors
Total members Outside auditors
11 11
9
                                                        No. of female corporate officers *1
Director remuneration system
No. of stocks (Figures in
*4 parentheses indicate number of
-
- -
- - - -     -   -   -
                                                         Cross-Shareholdings stocks other than non-listed stocks) Balance sheet figure (millions of yen)
- -
-     -   -
-
             48
Seibu Holdings Inc.
*1 The number of corporate officers shown is the number after the annual general meeting of shareholders in each year.
*2 Coming into effect from the annual general meeting of shareholders in June 2014, the retirement benefit system was abolished and a stock-based
remuneration and stock option system were introduced.
*3 Coming into effect from the annual general meeting of shareholders in June 2019, the stock-based remuneration and stock option system was
abolished and a new stock-based remuneration system was introduced based on annual as well as long-term incentives (see p. 50).
*4 The figure for Seibu Railway Co., Ltd., the company with the largest balance sheet figure for equity investments, shows the total number of equity
investment shares held, aside from those held purely for investment purposes and the amount recorded on the balance sheet.
*5 The number of stocks, other than non-listed stocks, held by other consolidated subsidiaries decreased by four each fiscal year.

■ Corporate Governance Highlights
Number of female directors increased by one (two female directors out of eleven)
Seibu Group Sustainability Committee established
Cross-shareholding reviewed
A qualitative and quantitative review of share holdings was carried out and the rationale for continued holding was assessed. Share holdings where the review did not recognize a rationale for continuing to hold them are being successively reduced.
Number of stocks other than non-listed stocks (Seibu Railway) March 31, 2020: 27 → March 31, 2021: 25 (Stocks, other than non-listed stocks, held by other consolidated subsidiaries decreased by four.)
■ Composition of main governance-related bodies
       Total members
Inside directors
Outside directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Chair
 Board of Directors
19 times
Audit & Supervisory Board
15 times
[Nomination Advisory Committee] 1 time [Remuneration Advisory Committee] 4 times
Corporate Governance Council
1time
14 7 4 3
(12 men, 2 women) (7 men) (2 men, 2 women) (3 men) President
The Board meets in principle at least once a month. To make decisions on the items stipulated by laws and regulations and to supervise the execution of business.
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
The Audit & Supervisory Board meets in principle at least once a month.
The essential role of Audit & Supervisory Board members is to audit the adequacy and legality of business execution by the directors through activities including attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and other important Group organizations.
To ensure objectivity in the selection of candidates for the post of director and in the setting of directors’ remuneration, advice is sought from the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee, which are composed of four outside directors, in addition to the president and chief executive officer and inside director (director responsible for President’s Office).
Number of meetings in
FY 2020
     Total members
Outside auditors
(all independent)
(all independent)
  3 2
(3 men) (2 men)
Chair
Number of meetings in
FY 2020
      Nomination Advisory Committee
Total members
6
(4 men, 2 women)
Inside directors
2
(2 men)
Outside directors
4
(2 men, 2 women) (all independent)
Chair
President
                            Remuneration Advisory Committee
Number of meetings in FY 2020
6
(4 men, 2 women)
2
(2 men)
4
(2 men, 2 women) (all independent)
President
                    Total members
 Inside directors
 Outside directors
 Chair
           62
(4 men, 2 women) (2 men)
4
(2 men, 2 women) (all independent)
President
The Corporate Governance Council was established as a body to assist in improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors by providing consultation. It is composed of four outside directors, in addition to the president and chief executive officer and inside directors (director responsible for President’s Office and director responsible for Corporate Strategy Department)
  Number of meetings in
FY 2020
  Seibu Group Sustainability Committee
companies. The committee meets, in principle, twice a year.
Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee
5 times
J-SOX Committee
1time
Management Council
21times
  Number of meetings in
FY 2020
The Seibu Group Sustainability Committee was established as a body to decide on the policy direction of
sustainability action and to monitor progress. Members included the president and chief executive officer, the 2 times managing officer responsible for the Corporate Strategy Department, and the presidents of the main Group
  Number of meetings in
FY 2020
  The Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee was established as a body to undertake Groupwide coordination of the compliance system. It meets five times a year and is composed of the president and chief executive officer, senior executive managing officer, the presidents of the main Group companies, and outside experts.
  Number of meetings in
FY 2020
  The J-SOX Committee was established as a body to deliberate on ways to improve, manage, and evaluate internal controls related to Group financial reporting. Members include the president and chief executive officer, the inside directors, and the presidents of the main Group companies. This committee normally meets once a year.
The Management Council was established as a body where managing officers and other relevant staff can discuss important matters, including agenda items for discussion by the Board of Directors, with the aim of improving the quality of decision-making. It meets in principle twice a month and is composed of the directors, the managing officers, the Audit & Supervisory Board members, and the presidents of the main Group companies.
    Number of meetings in
FY 2020
  Integrated Report 2021 49

 Management Approach for Creating Value
 ■ Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Every fiscal year, the Company evaluates the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in fulfilling its role and duties. In the evaluation for FY 2020, the responses to a questionnaire survey on the execution of the role and duties by the Board of Directors were analyzed and evaluated. As well, a meeting was held of the Corporate Governance Council, which has a majority of outside directors, to confirm, based on the results of the survey, that the Board of Directors had been effective and to identify and share issues.
In the year ended March 31, 2021, we discussed strategies to deal with the changes in lifestyles and values brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic. We continued and intensified discussions as well on strategies to increase Group corporate value to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. The Board, to improve operation systems, supplemented the existing method for sharing documents by employing an online meeting system with collaboration tools to enable video conferencing and other innovations. In this way, we put in place an environment that produces the required level of discussion during normal times to continue, while ensuring comprehensive measures to prevent infections. With our sights set on the targets of the Seibu Group FY 2021-2023 Medium-Term Management Plan, we will continue with initiatives to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. These initiatives will include improving discussions and the identification of issues through monitoring the plan’s major themes
including management reforms, DX and sustainability actions. The initiatives will also include continuing and intensifying discussion of medium- to long-term growth strategies based on the current response to COVID-19 and the changes in social values in the wake of COVID-19.
Initiatives to pursue effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Fiscal year ended March 2021
・Continued and intensified discussion of strategies to increase Group corporate value
・Discussion on strategies that take into account changes in lifestyles and values brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic
Fiscal year ending March 2022
・Continue discussions on strategies to stay up to date with contemporary trends, for example, by providing opportunities to deepen understanding of DX and related areas
・Use of a skill matrix to clarify directors’ background and setting agenda items to prompt contributions from a wide range of perspectives
・Conduct meetings to focus on monitoring items related to the Medium-Term Management Plan
・Provide briefing materials with a clear outline of discussion points, analysis of agenda items for Board of Directors meetings, and improve ways to provide information
 ■ Corporate officer remuneration: system design and decision-making process
Basic Policy
The remuneration system for the Company’s directors (excluding outside directors) follows the Seibu Holdings Directors’ Remuneration Policy. Remuneration includes basic remuneration supplemented by an annual incentive as well as the Company shares, etc. that are allocated each year of the director’s term of office depending on position and business performance. Also, for long- term incentives, Company shares, etc. are allocated depending on the director’s position at retirement. The relative proportion of these components in the director’s remuneration is set with the aim of increasing the incentive for directors to contribute to maximizing medium- to long-term business performance as well as corporate and shareholder value. For outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, in view of their roles and their independent status, basic remuneration only is provided.
Corporate officers’remuneration (FY 2020)
Process for deciding directors’ remuneration (excluding outside directors)
The Directors’ basic remuneration is decided by a representative director appointed by the Board of Directors and is set within a total remuneration range that is determined by a resolution at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Remuneration reflects the duties and responsibilities of the director. The representative director, in connection with this decision, consults with the Remuneration Advisory Committee, on which four outside directors form the majority, to help ensure objectivity and transparency.
Before introducing the directors’ share compensation plan, advice was sought from the Remuneration Advisory Committee, on which four outside directors form the majority. To increase the directors’ motivation and morale, the Board of Directors has adopted internal regulations to determine, within the range resolved by the General Meeting of Shareholders, the number of points to be awarded. These points consider a balance between the level of the directors’ basic remuneration, their duties and responsibilities, and their business performance.
  Amount of remuneration by type (millions of yen)
    Corporate officer category
Total remuneration, etc. (millions of yen)
Stock-based remuneration
Number of eligible officers
  Basic remuneration
  Annual
Long-term
      Directors (excluding outside directors)
 Audit & Supervisory Board members
(excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
 Outside corporate officers
    50
Seibu Holdings Inc.
1 2
3 4 5
6
270 193 - 77 9 29 29 - - 1
90 90 - - 6
During their period of office as directors of the Company, four directors who served concurrently as directors of a subsidiary received corporate officer remuneration and other benefits from the subsidiary, the total amount of which was ¥124 million. Additionally, one Audit & Supervisory Board member who serves concurrently as a fulltime Audit & Supervisory Board member of a subsidiary has received corporate officer remuneration and other benefits from the subsidiary in the amount of ¥21 million.
The annual upper limit of directors’ basic remuneration as determined by a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders is ¥660 million (including ¥120 million for outside directors, excluding salaries paid to employees serving concurrently as directors).
To handle share allocations, a Board Benefit Trust (BBT) has been established. The upper limit of the amount transferred to the trust for every three fiscal years is ¥300 million for the annual incentive and ¥450 million for the long-term incentive.
The annual upper limit of the basic remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members is ¥100 million.
Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the basic remuneration of directors (excluding outside directors) was reduced.
The amount of share compensation (annual incentive and long-term incentive) corresponds to the share acquisition costs recorded in the relevant fiscal year and is based on the number of points awarded to each director.
The annual incentive is a form of performance-linked remuneration. The Board of Directors has decided that, due to the impact of COVID-19, no performance points will be awarded for the year ended March 31, 2021, so no corresponding provision of points was recorded in the accounts.
Due to the impact of COVID-19, a large deficit was recorded in the accounts for the year ended March 31, 2021. The difficult operating conditions are expected to continue into the year ending March 31, 2022. Although there is no weakening of our firm commitment to meet the goals of the Medium-Term Management Plan, the Board of Directors has resolved that no points will be awarded under the stock-based remuneration (annual incentive) system for the year ending March 31, 2022.

■ The issue of construction management engineers and other technical staff not having enough practical experience at the time of qualification
On March 11, 2021, we received a report from a third-party investigation committee that looked into concerns about the abilities of construction management engineers and other technical staff employed by Seibu Construction and the Seibu Landscape Group. These staff members did not have enough practical work experience at the time of their qualification. The survey established that 82 individuals (holding 113 individual qualifications in nine categories) had been awarded qualifications on the basis of practical experience records that were not factual.
It was further established that, despite related reports having been received in the past through the corporate internal notification system, investigations had ended without the work being done to establish the facts and to ensure an effective response.
We take very seriously the findings of the survey and the recommendations of the third-party investigation committee, and we are working to clarifying responsibilities and put in place measures to prevent a reoccurrence.
 Background of this issue
Measures to prevent a reoccurrence
 ・Solid emphasis on rating points for investigations into management incidents
・Strong concerns over
● Effective maintenance of work records for individual technical staff and creating a centralized management system
Seibu Construction established a new Operations Supervision Department on April 1, 2021.
Systems have been put in place for entering data into work records in all departments, with a system in the Operations Supervision Department for checking supporting documents as well as the accuracy of the entries and the content.
The Seibu Landscape Group has also created shared document formats, designed a continual checking system for every department and for sections supervising the management of qualifications (business operation department), and we will introduce this management system.
the shortage of technical ● Introducing effective support for examining qualifications and establishing a procedure for certifications of practical work
staff
・Absence of a checking
function
・Lack of commitment,
among companies and individuals, to comply with the Construction Business Act
experience
We have established a system that accurately keeps track of changes in the requirements for those undergoing checks and makes it a requirement to submit a practical work experience certificate to the examining body and to check the data and the entries into work records for practical work experience certifications.
● Seamless management of copies of work records and practical work experience certificates
We have established an effective system for handling copies of documents that support work records, practical work experience certificates, and other documents. This system can be used to trace back any concerns that could occur in the future.
● Conduct training following the guidelines in the Construction Business Act and other official standards and regulations and on the importance of the examination system
As well as offering training opportunities at key points along the career path, we have formulated and are implementing a training program. The training program includes specific training based on the employee’s position in the Company to reaffirm the importance of official standards and regulations as well as the importance of the examination system and education based on the Construction Business Act.
In internal audits as well, we will reinforce checks to ensure that operations follow the Construction Business Act guidelines, related legislation, and internal regulations.
  ■ Communication with investors
The Company recognizes the importance of listening carefully to opinions expressed by shareholders and investors, and then reflecting them in management operations. We therefore
Main IR activities in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021
have an Investor Relations Department in charge of this area which works to improve communication with shareholders and investors, based on our policy for investor relations activities.
 Category
Dialogue with individual investors and shareholders
Item
Activities
 Dialogue with institutional investors and analysts
 Disclosure
  Strengthening relationships with individual shareholders
Financial results briefings
Participation in conferences, etc.
Overseas investor relations events
Interviews and meetings with institutional investors Cooperation with coverage by securities company analysts
Implementation of fair disclosure
・Launch of electronic mailing service for shareholders ・Gathering opinions through shareholder surveys
・Briefings on financial results, earnings forecasts, and progress with management reforms (May, August, September, November, February) -Conference calls held in May, August, September, and February;
physical meeting and conference call held in parallel in November
・Participation in conferences organized by securities companies (eight events, 25 business meetings)
・Telephone/online interview sessions held in July for North America (3 times) and in December for Europe (6 times)
・106 events (incl. two ESG meetings)
・46 times including with seven securities companies
・Streaming audio on website from financial results briefings (with English translations)
              General meetings of shareholders
  Date
No. of shareholders attending
FY 2018
Friday, June 21, 2019
525
79.2%
Friday, May 31, 2019
Thursday, June 25, 2020
123
81.0%
Monday, June 8, 2020
Thursday, May 28, 2020 (Japanese) Wednesday, June 3, 2020 (English)
Tuesday, June 22, 2021
139
80.4%
Tuesday, June 1, 2021
Friday, May 21, 2021 (Japanese) Thursday, May 27, 2021 (English)
   Percentage of voting rights issued
  Ship date of convocation notice
Release date of convocation notice (TDnet*2 publication date)
  Wednesday, May 22, 2019 (Japanese) Tuesday, May 28, 2019 (English)
  *1 For the General Meeting of Shareholders for the fiscal 2019 and 2020, to prevent the spread of COVID-19, shareholders have been requested to not attend on the day of the General Meeting of Shareholders but instead, to exercise voting rights in advance via the Internet, etc., or in writing.
*2 Service operated by Tokyo Stock Exchange for timely disclosure releases.
FY 2019*1
FY 2020*1
 Integrated Report 2021 51

  Financial Section
    FY 2015
508,081
 157,359 188,021 49,690 104,983 19,303 37,543
(48,819)
 65,956
 25,884 20,628 14,528
3,694 (836)
1,083 972
 58,525
 30,919 23,864 65,581
8,293 57,288 57,207
 40,745 80,609
 106,701
 46,738 32,069 18,760
4,048 1,233 3,691
159
  1,553,092 22,417 1,160,443 843,745 392,649
  167.89
167.84 1,148.30 17.0 10.1 340.7
  11.3 0.33 4.1 15.1 3.8 3.7 25.2 2.2 7.7 821,328
  75,757 (76,334) (877)
21,085 (576)
 22,246
  Six-Year Financial Overview
Operating results Operating revenue
Urban Transportation and Regional Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Constructions
Hawaii Business Other Adjustment
Operating profit(loss)
Urban Transportation and Regional Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Constructions
Hawaii Business Other Adjustment
Ordinary profit(loss)
Extraordinary income Extraordinary losses Profit(loss)before income taxes Total income taxes Profit(loss)
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Depreciation
Capital expenditures
EBITDA*1
Urban Transportation and Regional Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Construction
Hawaii Business Other Adjustment
Financial positions
Total assets
Cash and deposits
Total liabilities Interest-bearing debt
Net assets
Per share information
Basic earnings per share (EPS) Diluted earnings per share Net assets per share (BPS) Cash dividend per share Dividend payout ratio
Average number of outstanding common shares during the period
Management indicies
Net profit margin ratio
Total asset turnover
Financial leverage
Return on equity (ROE)
Ordinary profit to total assets ratio Return on Assets (ROA) Shareholders' equity-to-asset ratio Net D/E ratio
Net interest-bearing debt/EBITDA ratio Net interest-bearing debt
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flow from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Free cash flow*2
Unit
FY 2016
   Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Yen
Yen
Yen
Yen
% Millions of Shares
512,009
156,494 188,544 53,771 114,996 23,167 37,228
(62,192)
62,456
26,804 14,092 7,889 9,825 4,250 720
(1,126)
57,472
9,066
8,005 58,533 10,898 47,634 47,564
45,658 138,915
108,115
47,489 26,969 16,201 10,206
6,044 3,366 (2,162)
1,627,868 29,071 1,267,735 909,104 360,133
149.39
149.31 1,132.40 23.0 15.4 318.3
9.3 0.32 4.3 12.7 3.6 3.0 21.8 2.6 8.1 880,032
92,418 (133,931) 48,162 27,551
(41,513)
22,834
                               %
Times Times % % % % Times Times
Millions of
Millions of Millions of Millions of Millions of Millions of
Yen
Yen Yen Yen Yen Yen
        Number of employees (consolidated)
52 Seibu Holdings Inc.
*1 *2 *3 *4
Calculated by adding depreciation and the amortization of goodwill to operating profit.
Cash flows from operating activities + cash flows from investing activities
Reporting segments were changed in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Depreciation for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 includes ¥4,858 million in depreciation recorded in extraordinary losses (loss on temporary suspension of operations).
  
      FY 2017
FY 2018
FY 2019
FY 2020
   530,631
162,056 204,854 62,292 100,002 15,375 39,427
(53,376)
64,259
27,254 17,299 15,818
4,752 (2,002) 1,048
88
55,490
2,156
6,695 50,951 7,511 43,439 42,908
51,000 89,903
115,580
49,062 32,739 25,077
5,152 97 3,960
(509)
1,669,223 29,943 1,274,275 905,091 394,947
136.67
136.57 1,240.09 23.0 16.8 313.9
8.1 0.32 4.4 11.5 3.4 2.6 23.3 2.3 7.6 875,147
103,772 (88,083) (13,549) 29,628 15,689
565,939
163,088 219,801 69,651 109,690 19,089 41,931
(57,313)
73,332
27,087 19,741 20,095
5,890 (1,377) 1,252
641
65,415
2,795
7,834 60,376 14,436 45,939 45,457
53,126 83,317
127,329
48,765 36,077 30,420
6,315 1,206 4,312
231
1,728,929 26,549 1,306,214 905,057 422,715
145.21
145.09 1,346.05 30.0 20.7 313.0
8.0 0.33 4.2 11.3 3.9 2.7 24.1 2.2 6.9 878,508
88,104 (73,069) (17,898) 26,269 15,035
23,677
554,590
161,168 209,153 66,340 111,771 22,485 41,547
(57,878)
56,823
23,367 8,054 18,146 5,637 511 604 501
48,770
1,940 31,938 18,773 13,775
4,998 4,670
56,713 86,993
114,535
45,472 25,434 29,924
6,088 3,293 4,005
315
1,707,784 28,340 1,334,356 934,574 373,427
15.18
15.16 1,227.03 30.0 197.6 307.6
0.8 0.32 4.4 1.2 2.8 0.3 21.5 2.5 7.9 906,234
101,458 (96,655) (3,025)
28,056 4,802
23,504
337,061
122,597 84,050 55,395 96,134
-
26,760 (47,878)
(51,587)
(9,817) (53,413) 15,422 4,058
-
(7,562) (275)
(58,785)
33,447 46,632 (71,970)
427 (72,398) (72,301)
57,839※4 60,673
1,882
12,392 (38,145) 27,442 4,552
-
(3,499) (860)
1,698,497 28,816 1,312,809 937,156 385,687
(241.32)
-
999.50
-
-
299.6
(21.5) 0.20 5.1
(21.7) (3.5) (4.2)
17.6 3.1 482.4 908,340
(24,264) (47,537) 72,394 28,538 (71,801)
22,844
                 23,564
  Seibu Holdings Fact Book
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/ir/ir_material/factbook/
Integrated Report 2021 53

 Financial Section
Analysis of Operating Results and Financial Position
 (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2021)
Overview of Consolidated Financial Results
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Japanese economy continued to face a severe situation due to the prolonged impact of the global novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic, despite signs of a partial recovery in consumer spending. The outlook for business conditions is expected to recover while steps to prevent infections are taken and the level of social and economic activity improves as the effects of various government policies and improvements in overseas economies become apparent. However, the employment situation showed weakness due to the impact of the pandemic and the outlook is expected to remain extremely severe and unclear in the short term, with the risk of a downturn due to a resurgence of the pandemic, as well as the impact on trends in the financial and capital markets.
Under these conditions, from the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 to the first quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Group was heavily impacted by factors such as a sharp decrease in demand due to temporary suspension of operations at facilities following the state of emergency declaration and people refraining from going out. In response to these changes in the business environment, the Group decided on May 26, 2020 to cancel the formulation of a new three-year medium-term management plan starting in FY 2020 and withdraw the current medium-term management plan starting in FY 2019. The Group also determined “Key business Issues in FY 2020.”
In addition, the pace of recovery in demand has been slowing due to the fluctuating number of infections and the spread of “New Lifestyle,” and we consider that it is possible that this difficult situation will not only continue during this fiscal year, but also next fiscal year onward. Therefore, on September 24, 2020, the Group decided that its management stance for facing and overcoming this difficult situation is to take further actions to effectively address the above “Key Business Issues in FY 2020,” and carry out “management reforms.”
Key Business Issues in FY 2020
1 Dedicating efforts to minimum required business operations until turmoil eases
1) Securing the necessary working capital
2) Seibu Group business management policy during COVID-19
pandemic
In regard to “(1) Dedicating efforts to minimum required business
operations until turmoil eases,” during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Company enhanced its on-hand liquidity, such as by securing liquidity funds of exceeding ¥250.0 billion through expanding borrowings and commitment lines from leading financial institutions to complement its cash and deposits. Furthermore, the Company had been working to reduce cash outflows through measures such as lowering the remuneration for Directors and bonuses for employees and controlling nonessential and non- urgent costs and capital investment; reducing utility costs and power costs by suspending operations of facilities and businesses while reviewing business formats; and implementing suspension of operations with an eye to using employment adjustment subsidies.
Moreover, the Company had rigorously enforced the action guidelines during the COVID-19 crisis of “safety and security,” “a customer-oriented approach,” and “yielding ethical profits,” among all employees, and the Group made a united effort in its business operations. In response to the state of emergency declaration on April 7, 2020, the Company was obliged to temporarily suspend operations at many facilities, such as hotels, golf courses, leisure
facilities, and commercial facilities. However, in social infrastructure such as railways and buses, where operations continued, the Company continued operations while implementing rigorous measures such as ventilation and disinfection to prevent infection of employees and customers. After the state of emergency declaration was lifted on May 25, 2020, facilities that had suspended their operations gradually reopened following government guidelines for phased-in relaxation of restrictions. Among these, Prince Hotels, Inc. introduced “Prince Safety Commitment” as a service standard for providing safe, secure environments. This was one of several steps to ensure the safety and security of employees and customers by thoroughly implementing measures to prevent infection across all of the Group’s businesses. The Group also worked to swiftly develop customer-oriented services, centered on initiatives for the government’s “Go To Campaign,” and to reduce fixed expenses, such as revising the operating format in line with demand trends, with a view to recovering earnings as quickly as possible.
Moreover, on November 26, 2020, we issued preferred shares at some of our consolidated subsidiaries with the aim of enhancing the Group’s financial foundation. Additionally, on March 26, 2021, we sold Sugita Golf Driving Range (golf driving range and tennis courts), which we had owned and operated in Kanazawa-ku, Yokohama.
2 While prioritizing 1) and 2), pursuing initiatives for when the current situation ends
3) Key initiatives envisaged in the medium-term management
plan scheduled to start in FY 2020 that was cancelled during
formulation
4) Structural reform prompted by changed values in post-
pandemic society
In regard to “(2) While prioritizing (i) and (ii), pursuing initiatives
for after the current situation ends,” while prioritizing business continuity as described above, the Group put all possible efforts into carrying out initiatives to encourage growth after the current turmoil settles down. For example, the Group started its official smartphone app service for its “SEIBU PRINCE CLUB” and “SEIBU PRINCE CLUB emi” membership services to foster loyal customers. The Group also started the “LOSS TO VALUE” project for converting all kinds of “loss” into “value” as a “Sustainability Action” initiative for realizing a sustainable society. Furthermore, the Group worked to transform its business models in response to changes in people’s values and activities caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. As part of this, we strengthened internal and external alliances, including a comprehensive partnership with East Japan Railway Company for promoting “New Lifestyles × Regional Revitalization” and a partnership with Allm Inc. for conducting measures to promote high levels of safety and security under the new normal.
In the FY 2021–2023 Seibu Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan (hereinafter the “New Medium-Term Management Plan”), announced in May 13, 2021, we have focused on the themes of “Looking ahead to our vision for the Group in a post-COVID-19 society, overcoming the impact of COVID-19 and creating a pathway for rapid growth.” The Group will face this difficult business environment and strive to be “the best and strongest lifestyle support corporate group,” by advancing initiatives with a three- point framework comprising “management reforms,” “digital management,” and “sustainability.”
  54 Seibu Holdings Inc.

Analysis of Financial Position
1 Assets
Total current assets as of March 31, 2021 stood at ¥124,086 million, an increase of ¥2,118 million from the previous fiscal year-end. The increase was due mainly to an increase of ¥8,749 million in “other” under current assets, primarily reflecting an increase in consumption taxes refund receivable at Prince Hotels, Inc., etc.
Total non-current assets amounted to ¥1,574,410 million, down ¥11,405 million from the previous fiscal year-end. The decrease was due mainly to decreases in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of ¥14,580 million.
As a result, total assets stood at ¥1,698,497 million, a decrease
of ¥9,287 million from the previous fiscal year-end.
2 Liabilities
Total current liabilities as of March 31, 2021 stood at ¥378,883 million, a decrease of ¥17,452 million from the previous fiscal year- end. The decrease was due mainly to a decrease of ¥11,557 million in “other” under current liabilities, primarily reflecting a decrease in
Analysis of Operating Results
■Operating revenue and operating profit
Operating revenue declined by 39.2% year on year to ¥337,061 million due mainly to lower demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated change in lifestyles, as well as the suspension of certain operations. As a result of the decline in revenues, the Group recorded an operating loss of ¥51,587 million compared with an operating profit of ¥56,823 million in the previous fiscal year.
■ Non-operating income and expenses and ordinary profit Non-operating income grew by 61.7% year on year to ¥5,470 million, due mainly to an increase of ¥829 million in insurance claim income, while non-operating expenses increased by 10.8% to ¥12,668 million due largely to share issuance costs of ¥1,408 million.
As a result of these activities, the Group recorded an ordinary loss of ¥58,785 million compared with an ordinary profit of ¥48,770 million in the previous fiscal year.
Analysis of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents (hereinafter “cash”) as of March 31, 2021 increased ¥482 million compared to the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥28,538 million.
■Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash used in operating activities was ¥24,264 million, compared with net cash provided of ¥101,458 million in the previous fiscal year, after recording loss before income taxes of ¥71,970 million and making adjustments for depreciation and income taxes paid.
Business Risks
Major risks associated with the Seibu Group’s businesses that could have an important impact on decisions by investors are listed as follows. Based on a full examination of these risks, the Seibu Group makes every effort to prevent their materialization and prepare to mitigate their impact should any materialize. Items not regarded as serious risks have also been included in the list for the sake of proactive information disclosure. While the list presents risks related to possible future events, the risks were deemed relevant as of March 31, 2021.
accounts payable for construction contracts of Prince Hotels, Inc., etc.
Non-current liabilities amounted to ¥933,926 million, down ¥4,094 million from the previous fiscal year-end. The decrease was due mainly to a decrease in retirement benefit liability of ¥7,984 million.
As a result of the above, total liabilities stood at ¥1,312,809 million,
a decrease of ¥21,547 million from the previous fiscal year-end.
3 Net assets
Total net assets as of March 31, 2021 stood at ¥385,687 million, an increase of ¥12,259 million from the previous fiscal year-end. The increase was due mainly to an increase in non-controlling interests of ¥79,855 million resulting from issuance of preferred shares by consolidated subsidiaries of the Company.
The decreases of ¥9,287 million in total assets and of ¥75,515 million in retained earnings contributed to a 3.9-percentage point year-on-year fall to 17.6% in the shareholders’ equity-to- asset-ratio.
■Extraordinary income and losses and profit attributable to owners of parent
Extraordinary income amounted to ¥33,447 million compared with ¥1,940 million in the previous fiscal year. The main items were an increase of ¥15,281 million in gain on sales of non-current assets and ¥11,489 million in Subsidies for employment adjustment.
Extraordinary losses increased by 46.0% from the previous fiscal year to ¥46,632 million. Loss on temporary suspension of operations accounted for ¥18,904 million of this figure.
As a result of the above, a loss before income taxes of ¥71,970 million was recorded compared with profit before income taxes of ¥18,773 million in the previous fiscal year. Loss attributable to owners of the parent amounted to ¥72,301 million against profit attributable to owners of the parent of ¥4,670 million in the previous fiscal year.
■Cash flows from investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities was ¥47,537 million, ¥49,118 million less than in the previous fiscal year. The decrease in cash outflows was due mainly to a decrease of ¥29,064 million in purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. ■Cash flows from financing activities
Net cash provided by financing activities was of ¥72,394 million, compared to net cash used of ¥3,025 million in the previous fiscal year, due mainly to issuance of preferred shares by consolidated subsidiaries of the Company.
    Risks Related to:
1 Economic Conditions
2 Legal Regulations
3 Natural Disasters, Accidents and
12 Increases in Price of Fuel, Electricity or Raw Materials
Infectious Diseases
4 Declining and Aging Population
13 Profit Structure
14 Rumor
15 Food-Borne Illnesses or
5 Decline in Tourists
6 Seibu Group’s Medium-Term
Management of Food
16 Credit Management
17 Subcontractors/Counterparties 18 Costs and Obligations for Our
Management Plan
7 Important Litigation
8 Interest-bearing Debts 9 Value of Our Property
Pension and Retirement Benefit Plans 19 Currency Fluctuations
10 Intensified Competition
11 Information Technology Systems and Management of Information
20 Climate Change
21 Technological Innovations
 Seibu Holdings Corporate Business Risks
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/ir/management/risk/
Integrated Report 2021 55

 Financial Section
 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Assets
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Land and buildings for sale in lots Merchandise and finished goods Costs on construction contracts in progress Raw materials and supplies
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures
Accumulated depreciation and impairment Buildings and structures, net Machinery, equipment and vehicles Accumulated depreciation and impairment Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net Land
Leased assets
Accumulated depreciation and impairment Leased assets, net
Construction in progress
Other
Accumulated depreciation and impairment Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Leased assets
Other
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Long-term loans receivable Retirement benefit asset
Deferred tax assets
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total investments and other assets Total non-current assets
Total assets
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
  Previous fiscal year Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020) (As of March 31, 2021)
   28,340 28,816
 63,348 58,193
 7,419 7,158
 1,392 1,418
 3,535 1,764
 3,028 3,113
 14,979 23,729
 (77) (107)
 121,968 124,086
   1,244,395 1,261,705
 (685,948) (714,832)
 558,446 546,873
 323,712 327,174
 (251,826) (257,875)
 71,885 69,299
 713,566 705,485
 10,812 13,960
 (2,634) (3,246)
 8,177 10,714
 79,272 90,841
 89,958 90,181
 (64,822) (68,351)
 25,135 21,829
 1,456,485 1,445,044
  26 38
 22,475 19,324
 22,502 19,362
  55,585 66,949
 274 293
 24,068 21,656
 19,475 13,786
 7,849 7,745
 (424) (427)
 106,828 110,003
 1,585,816 1,574,410
 1,707,784 1,698,497
   Previous fiscal year Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020) (As of March 31, 2021)
   27,409 22,799
 203,390 197,537
 1,004 1,105
 7,603 3,205
 59,353 69,587
 5,809 4,889
 3,855 3,262
 4 146
 87,905 76,348
 396,336 378,883
  40,000 40,000
 667,117 675,898
 14,989 11,287
 4,480 7,707
 108,568 105,145
 11,916 10,839
 737 665
 57 133
 - 315
 241 154
 38,342 30,357
 2,093 1,967
 15,712 15,536
 33,762 33,917
 938,020 933,926
 1,334,356 1,312,809
   50,000 50,000
 110,267 96,491
 248,027 172,512
 (69,945) (55,077)
 338,349 263,925
  5,806 14,489
 18,019 16,716
 5,083 933
 (36) 3,676
 28,873 35,816
 522 407
 5,682 85,538
 373,427 385,687
 1,707,784 1,698,497
         Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable - trade Short-term borrowings
Lease obligations
Income taxes payable
Advances received Provision for bonuses
Other provisions
Asset retirement obligations Other
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term borrowings
Long-term accounts payable to Japan railway construction, transport and technology agency
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation
Provision for retirement benefits for directors (and other officers)
Provision for share awards for directors (and other officers)
Provision for loss on guarantees Other provisions
Retirement benefit liability
Asset retirement obligations Liabilities from application of equity method Other
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Share capital
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Revaluation reserve for land
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Share acquisition rights Non-controlling interests Total net assets
                                                                                       Total liabilities and net assets
 56
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Income
Operating revenue Operating expenses
Operating expenses and cost of sales of transportation
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Total operating expenses
Operating profit (loss) Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Subsidy to keep a bus on a regular route
Foreign exchange gains
Insurance claim income
Other
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses
Share of loss of entities accounted for using equity method
Share issuance costs
Other
Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary profit (loss) Extraordinary income
Gain on sale of non-current assets
Contribution for construction
Subsidy income
Gain on sale of investment securities
Gain on reversal of contingent consideration
Subsidies for employment adjustment
Other
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Impairment losses
Loss on sale of non-current assets
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
Tax purpose reduction entry of contribution for construction
Loss on tax purpose reduction entry of non-current assets
Loss on sale of investment securities
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Loss on temporary suspension of operations
Loss on disaster
Provision for loss on disaster
Other
Total extraordinary losses
Profit (loss) before income taxes Income taxes - current
Income taxes - deferred
Total income taxes
Profit (loss)
Profit (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Profit (loss)
Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Revaluation reserve for land
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests
(Millions of yen)
Previous fiscal year Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2020) to March 31, 2021)
554,590 337,061
454,950 349,760
42,815 38,887
497,766 388,648
56,823 (51,587)
20 9
939 873
942 1,064 - 795 106 936
1,374 1,791
3,382 5,470
9,979 9,959
76 108
- 1,408 1,379 1,191
11,435 12,668
48,770 (58,785)
286 15,568
955 3,262
138 482
10 382
284 332 - 11,489 264 1,928
1,940 33,447
24,373 20,225
16 378
3,227 2,652
941 3,091
125 468 0 - 813 86 - 18,904 783 - 1,555 - 101 825
31,938 46,632
18,773 (71,970)
13,064 3,156
710 (2,729)
13,775 427
4,998 (72,398)
328 (96)
4,670 (72,301)
(Millions of yen)
                                                                            Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
 Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
 4,998
 (72,398)
   (13,558)
 8,682
 (1)
-
  (322)
  (4,152)
 (13,965)
 3,706
 (27,848)
8,236
 (22,850)
 (64,161)
   (23,179)
  (64,055)
 329
 (105)
              Integrated Report 2021 57

 Financial Section
 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Balance at beginning of period
Changes during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Change in treasury shares arising from change in equity in entities accounted for using equity method
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non-controlling interests
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during period
Balance at end of period
Balance at beginning of period
Changes during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Change in treasury shares arising from change in equity in entities accounted for using equity method
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non-controlling interests
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during period
Balance at end of period
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Balance at beginning of period
Changes during period
Dividends of surplus
Loss attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Disposal of treasury shares
Cancellation of treasury shares
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during period
Balance at end of period
Balance at beginning of period
Changes during period
Dividends of surplus
Loss attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Disposal of treasury shares
Cancellation of treasury shares
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during period
Balance at end of period
Share capital
Capital surplus
110,274
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
253,199
(10,383) 4,670 541
Treasury shares
(53,922)
(16,022) (69,945)
(Millions of yen)
Total shareholders’ equity
359,551
(10,383) 4,670 541
    50,000
-
50,000
(17,378) 1,057 291 00
                              (7)
(7) 110,267
(17,378) 1,064 291
                            Accumulated other comprehensive income
(5,171) 248,027
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
(21,201) 338,349
Total net assets
422,715
(10,383) 4,670 541
(17,378) 1,057 291 0
(28,085)
(49,287) 373,427
(Millions of yen)
        Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
19,365
(13,558)
(13,558)
5,806
Share capital
Foreign currency Remeasurements
Share acquisition rights
Non-controlling interests
5,394
288
288 5,682
Revaluation reserve for land
translation adjustment
of defined benefit plans
13,921
(13,957) (13,957) (36)
  18,562 5,415
(543) (331)
(543) (331) 18,019 5,083
Capital surplus
57,264 504
(28,391) 17 (28,391) 17 28,873 522
                                                                                           Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
   50,000 110,267
16 (13,793)
- (13,776)
50,000 96,491
Accumulated other comprehensive income
248,027 (69,945)
(4,516) (72,301) 1,302
1,074 13,793
(75,515) 14,868 172,512 (55,077)
Non-controlling interests
5,682
79,855 79,855 85,538
338,349
(4,516) (72,301) 1,302
1,091
-
(74,423) 263,925
Total net assets
373,427
(4,516) (72,301) 1,302
1,091
-
86,683
12,259 385,687
                                                        Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
5,806
8,682
8,682
14,489
Revaluation reserve for land
18,019
(1,302)
(1,302) 16,716
Foreign currency Remeasurements
Total Share accumulated acquisition other rights
translation adjustment
5,083
(4,149) (4,149)
933
of defined benefit plans
(36)
3,713 3,713 3,676
comprehensive income
   28,873 522
6,943 (115)
6,943 (115) 35,816 407
                                                                         58
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit (loss) before income taxes
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
18,773
(Millions of yen)
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
(71,970)
57,839
20,225
488
(1,672)
(919)
(4,332)
5,581
32
(882)
9,959
108
(3,262)
(482)
(382)
86
(15,190)
2,652
3,091
468
(332)
-
-
297
5,107
2,012
(10,447)
(4,591)
(2,228)
(2,238)
1,535
(9,446)
922
(9,965)
(5,774)
(24,264)
(150)
157
(283)
422
(78,886)
15,961
15,562
(321)
(47,537)
(18,573)
134,186
(112,692)
-
(3,676)
(1,205)
(4,513)
-
642
78,592
(365)
72,394
(110)
482
28,056
28,538
         Depreciation 56,713
 Impairment losses
Amortization of goodwill
Retirement benefit expenses
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Decrease (increase) in retirement benefit asset
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss (profit) of entities accounted for using equity method
Proceeds from contribution for construction
Subsidy income
Loss (gain) on sale of investment securities
Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities
Loss (gain) on sale of non-current assets
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
Reduction entry of land contribution for construction
Loss on tax purpose reduction entry of non-current assets
Gain on reversal of contingent consideration
Loss on disaster
Provision for loss on disaster
Other extraordinary loss (income)
Decrease (increase) in trade receivables
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable - other
Increase (decrease) in trade payables
Increase (decrease) in advances received
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received
Interest paid
Income taxes refund (paid)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sale of investment securities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Proceeds from contribution received for construction
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings
Proceeds from long-term borrowings
Repayments of long-term borrowings
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Repayments of accounts payable to Japan railway construction, transport and technology agency
Repayments of lease obligations
Dividends paid
Purchase of treasury shares
Proceeds from sale of treasury shares
Proceeds from share issuance to non-controlling shareholders
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
24,373
997
(2,943)
(39)
3,987
(2,488)
(88)
(959)
9,979
76
(955)
(138)
(10)
813
(270)
3,227
941
125
(284)
674
1,555
(25)
6,060
7,952
2,939
(3,492)
(458)
336
(2,071)
125,301
1,001
(10,001)
(14,842)
101,458
(157)
153
(226)
417
(107,951)
537
10,966
(395)
(96,655)
13,807
94,468
(87,796)
9,928
(4,385)
(2,052)
(10,367)
(17,378)
1,097
-
(345)
(3,025)
10
1,787
26,269
28,056
                                                                        Integrated Report 2021 59

 Financial Section
 Major Subsidiaries / Businesses and Offices
(As of March 31, 2021)
■Major consolidated subsidiaries
Urban Transportation and Regional
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
Seibu Bus Co., Ltd.
Seibu Hire Co., Ltd.
13 other companies
Hotel and Leisure
Prince Hotels, Inc.
Prince Resorts Hawaii, Inc.
StayWell Holdings Pty Ltd.
Yokohama Hakkeijima Inc.
Paid-in Capital or Investment (Millions of yen)
56,665
100
30
8,600
US$1 thousand
AU$158,173 thousand
820
Ratio of Voting Rights Held (%)
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
83.9
Construction
Paid-in Capital or Investment (Millions of yen)
Ratio of Voting Rights Held (%)
100.0
100.0
100.0
74.0
100.0
100.0
63.0
100.0
    Seibu Construction Co., Ltd. 11,000
Seibu Construction Supply Co., Ltd. 352
Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd. 360
Three other companies
      Other
Izuhakone business
Ohmi business
Sports business
New businesses
Izuhakone Railway Co., Ltd. 640
Ohmi Railway Co., Ltd. 405
Seibu Lions, Inc. 100
Yokohama Arena Co., Ltd. 4,999
Blue Incubation Co., Ltd. 100
           36 other companies and three non-consolidated subsidiaries not accounted for using the equity method
Ten other companies and two equity-method associates and one associate not accounted for using the equity method.
Real Estate
Seibu Properties Inc.
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
Prince Hotels, Inc.
Seibu SCCAT, Inc.
One other company
■Major businesses and offices
4,050 100.0
56,665 100.0
8,600 100.0
30 100.0
Notes:
・Seibu Railway Co., Ltd., Prince Hotels, Inc., and Seibu Bus Co., Ltd. are
counted more than once in “consolidated subsidiaries” above.
・Shares in Seibu Construction Supply Co., Ltd. were transferred to TOWA
          Railway operations
Bus operations
Lifestyle service operations along
railway lines
Sports operations
City hotel operations
Resort hotel operations
[Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.] Operating length: 176.6 km Number of stations: 92 Number of railway cars: 1,286
ARKS CO., LTD. in July 2021.
Overseas hotel operations
Sports operations
Other
Leasing business
Construction operations
Izuhakone business
Ohmi business
Sports business
(As of March 31, 2021)
[Mauna Kea Resort LLC]
Mauna Kea Beach Hotel (Hawaii, USA) Mauna Kea Golf Course (Hawaii, USA) [AB Hotels Ltd.]
The Prince Akatoki London (London, UK)
[Prince Hotels, Inc.]
Kuni Country Club (Hanno-shi, Saitama)
Seta Golf Course (Otsu-shi, Shiga)
Karuizawa Prince Hotel Ski Resort (Karuizawa-machi, Nagano)
[Yokohama Hakkeijima Inc.]
Yokohama Hakkeijima Sea Paradise (Yokohama-shi, Kanagawa)
[Seibu Properties Inc.]
Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho (Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo) DaiyaGate Ikebukuro (Toshima-ku, Tokyo) Karuizawa Prince Shopping Plaza (Karuizawa-machi, Nagano)
[Seibu Construction Co., Ltd.]
Number of branches: 7 (Toshima-ku, Tokyo and others) Number of business offices: 4 (Karuizawa-machi, Nagano and others)
[Izuhakone Railway Co., Ltd.]
Operating length: 29.4 km, number of stations: 25, number of railway cars: 70
[Ohmi Railway Co., Ltd.]
Operating length: 59.5 km, number of stations: 33, number of railway cars: 41
[Seibu Lions, Inc.]
MetLife Dome (Tokorozawa-shi, Saitama)
Segment
Businesses
Major offices
     [Seibu Bus Co., Ltd.]
Number of sales offices: 11 (Tokyo and Saitama) Number of buses: 874
[Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.]
Seibuen Amusement Park (Tokorozawa-shi, Saitama) Seibu-Chichibu Ekimae Onsen Matsurinoyu (Chichibu-shi, Saitama)
Toshimaen Niwanoyu (Nerima-ku, Tokyo)
[Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.]
BIGBOX Higashiyamato (Higahiyamato, Tokyo) BIGBOX Takadanobaba (Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo)
[Prince Hotels, Inc.]
The Prince Gallery Tokyo Kioicho (Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo) The Prince Park Tower Tokyo (Minato-ku, Tokyo)
The Prince Sakura Tower Tokyo (Minato-ku, Tokyo) The Prince Kyoto Takaragaike (Kyoto-shi, Kyoto) Grand Prince Hotel Takanawa (Minato-ku, Tokyo) Grand Prince Hotel New Takanawa (Minato-ku, Tokyo) Grand Prince Hotel Hiroshima (Hiroshima-shi, Hiroshima) Shinagawa Prince Hotel (Minato-ku, Tokyo)
[Prince Hotels, Inc.]
The Prince Karuizawa (Karuizawa-machi, Nagano) The Prince Villa Karuizawa (Karuizawa-machi, Nagano) The Prince Hakone Lake Ashinoko (Hakone-machi, Kanagawa) Oiso Prince Hotel (Oiso-machi, Kanagawa)
Prince Vacation Club Villa Karuizawa Asama (Karuizawa-machi, Nagano)
 Hotel and Leisure
             60
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Segment
Businesses
Major offices
    Urban Transportation and Regional
   Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
  Construction
  Other
   Seibu Group Services
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/group/service/

Information for Investors ( As of March 31, 2021 ) Corporate Data
Company name Seibu Holdings Inc.
Date of establishment February 3, 2006
Registered head office 1-16-15 Minami-Ikebukuro, Toshima-ku,
Paid in capital ¥50,000,000,000
location
Share Data
Shares authorized Shares issued
Tokyo, Japan
1,300,000,000 shares 323,462,920 shares
Stock listing
Fiscal year-end March 31
Number of employees 22,844 (consolidated)
Number of Group companies
(including 318,400 treasury shares) Number of shareholders 57,637
Major shareholders (Top 10)
Name of shareholder
NW Corporation Inc.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Development Bank of Japan Inc.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Keikyu Corporation
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. as trustee for Retirement Benefit Trust Account H re-entrusted by Mizuho Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Realty & Development Co., Ltd.
UBS AG London a/c IPB Segregated Client Account
State Street Bank West Client -Treaty 505234
Number of
shares held (Thousands of shares)
51,158
15,118
9,906
9,567
7,655
7,114
5,301
4,738
4,500
4,029
Shareholding ratio (%)
15.83
4.68
3.07
2.96
2.37
2.20
1.64
1.47
1.39
1.25
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section (Securities code: 9024)
85
  Composition of shareholders
Composition by Shareholder Type
■ Financial institutions
■ Securities companies
■ Other Japanese companies ■ Overseas corporations and
individuals
■ Individuals and others
Percentage of total shares held
29.18% 0.42% 30.18% 20.55% 19.66%
           Share Price and Trading Volume* (Yen)
1,600 1,400 1,200 1,000
800 600 400 200
14,000 12,000 10,000
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
Note: Percentage of total shares held is calculated excluding shares less than one unit and rounded to the nearest two decimal places.
Note: The shareholding ratio is calculated after deducting the amount of treasury shares.
(Thousands of shares)
                                                                              4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3
2020 2021
Seibu Holdings share price (left scale) Trading volume (right scale) * Weekly basis
  Integrated Report 2021 61

 Copyright© SEIBU HOLDINGS INC. All Rights Reserved.
