The Seibu Group intends to achieve the Group Vision by instilling an awareness of the vision in every employee so they are guided by its principles. We are also making workplaces more comfortable and motivating, and we are fostering a corporate culture that all stakeholders can trust.
● Revamping personnel systems and improving work environments
Supporting diverse workstyles by promoting staggered work hours & flextime and remote working as well as leveraging ICT that leads to different ways of working.
● Deploying RPA to improve operational efficiency
● Implementing initiatives to change the awareness and behavior of employees, including SEIBU Diversity College, meetings on diversity and inclusion, and lectures to promote diversity
● Securing diverse human resources by, for instance, employing people from overseas, those with disabilities, and senior citizens
● In addition to correspondence courses and courses held by SEIBU ACADEMY that are open to all Group employees, other programs enable employees to attend postgraduate courses or to study overseas
● Further improving the system for training tailored to position and years of employment
● Employee management: seven companies of the Seibu Group were recognized under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program
● Establishing the three main pillars—rules, organization, penetration and embedding—centered on the Seibu Group Code of Corporate Ethics, which was created based on the Group Vision
● Training to improve awareness of information security, such as training for targeted email attacks and media training
■Promoting workstyle reforms
 Basic Policy
Agenda
Workstyle reforms
Main initiatives
The Seibu Group has used ICT and IoT to manage working hours, review inefficient operations, and promote workstyle reforms.
 To enable employees to produce high-quality outcomes regardless of their location or time when they are working, we introduced staggered working hours in 2017, remote working in fiscal 2019, and flextime in fiscal 2020. Even during the COVID-19 pandemic, when remote working became the norm, we were able to operate efficiently.
 Going forward, we will continue to work on adopting diverse workstyles, such as workations, as well as on improving productivity by using RPA.
 As part of these actions to provide a comfortable working environment that enables a balance between work and childcare, the Company has opened a nursery in the head office of Seibu Railway. We are also encouraging male employees to use childcare leave through such measures as distributing written guides.
 We also offer temporary leave for childcare, infertility treatments, or overseas study, and a “comeback” system for those seeking to re-enter the workforce, as well as opportunities for employees to transfer within the Group or to partner companies when they relocate.
  Recruiting a diverse workforce
 Human resource development and management■ Certified as Outstanding Health & Productivity Management Organizations Seven companies in the Seibu Group were recognized under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program. These companies were rated highly for extensive health checks, for implementing stress checks, and for other initiatives designed to promote employee health.
Companies recognized under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity
■ 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program (Large Enterprise Category)
Seibu Holdings Inc. (first time)
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd (first time)
Seibu Properties Inc. (second time, second
consecutive year)
■ 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program (SME Category)
Seibu Lions, Inc. (second time)
Seibu Travel Inc. (first time)
Seibu Electrical Construction Co., Ltd. (fourth time, fourth consecutive year) Seibu Tetsudo Service Co., Ltd. (second time, second consecutive year)