   RREEPPOORRTT22001199
~ ~M a M s a t e s t r e i n r i g n g t h t e h A e r A t r o t f o O f i O l , i l C , r C e r a e t a i n t i g n g H a H p a p p i p n i e n s e s s ~ s ~
 -OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 Contents
02 Corporate Philosophy
03 President’s Message
The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Story
11 The Evolution of J-Oil Mills and Its Future 13 The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Model
15 J-Oil Mills’ Materialities
19 Special Feature 1
A Growth Strategy That Makes Full Use of J-Oil Mills’ Strengths
21 Special Feature 2
Case Studies of Value Creation by J-Oil Mills
Business Overview
23 Oils and Fats Business
25 Oil and Fat Processed Products Business 27 Foodstuffs and Fine Material Business
29 Performance Highlight
30 New products information
Editorial Policy
This report is published with the intention of introducing J-Oil Mills’ efforts to increase its corporate value over the medium-term.
The fiscal 2019 edition has been formulated with an awareness of the deep connection between business strategy and the strengthening of management foundations (the advancement of ESG management). The President’s Message provides an explanation of the status of progress of our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan, which commenced in fiscal 2017. In addition, seeking to further advance our activities in these areas and increase the sophistication of our disclosure of information, we have again invited opinions from Mr. Tamio Yamaguchi, one of the Directors of the NPO Junkan Workers Club, and we have reproduced his valuable comments at the end of this report.
Going forward, we will continue to report on the initiatives of the J-Oil Mills Group, seeking to further promote communication with all of our stakeholders.
Period Covered by This Report
This publication reports mainly on J-Oil Mills Group activities in fiscal 2018 (April 1, 2018–March 31, 2019). Some information concerning activities outside this time frame is also presented.
Scope of This Report
As financial data, the report presents the J-Oil Mills consolidated financial information. Environmental data encompasses the J-Oil Mills Chiba Factory, Yokohama Factory, Shizuoka Plant, Asaba Factory, Kobe Factory, Kurashiki Factory, and Wakamatsu Factory.
About Future-Oriented Predictions, Projections, and Plans
Materialities Report
31 J-Oil Mills’ Businesses and ESG Management
33 Enhancement of Corporate Governance
41 Creating Diverse Value in Oils and Food
44 Contribution to Society and the Planet
~The Environment~
47 Contribution to Society and the Planet
~Supply Chain Management~
49 Contribution to Society and the Planet
~Collaboration with and Contribution to Local Communities – Enhancing Communication with Our Stakeholders~
51 Creating an Organization That Promotes Mutual Enhancement of Individuality and Mutual Growth
55 Data (Non-financial Data)
57 Fiscal 2018 Business Results and Financial Analysis
65 Company Information 66 Third-Party Opinion
Date of Publication
October 2019
Guidelines Consulted
• Ministry of the Environment, Environmental Reporting Guidelines (2018 Edition)
• Global Reporting Initiative, GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards
• Japanese Standards Association, ISO 26000: 2010 Guidance on Social
Responsibility
•International Integrated Reporting Council, the International <IR>
Framework
• Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, Guidance for Integrated Corporate
Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogue for Collaborative Value Creation
J-Oil Mills’ Website
This report integrates the former Business Report, published for investors, and CSR Report, published for all stakeholders, in one volume, and provides a comprehensive report concerning J-Oil Mills’ corporate value. Detailed data that cannot be included in this report are published on the J-Oil Mills website. With regard to the content reported, this report prioritizes information concerning J-Oil Mills’ activities that will be of importance to the greatest number of stakeholders.
IR Information: https://www.j-oil.com/en/
Environmental and Social Activities: http://ir.j-oil.com/csr
    All future predictions made in this report are based on the information available at the time of its formulation. Results and outcomes may vary due to factors, including changes in the business environment.
01  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
Corporate Philosophy
In October 2017, the J-Oil Mills Group newly formulated a Corporate Philosophy.
With our corporate Value as our foundation, we will realize our Mission, to be a master of oil, designing tastes that move hearts; we set “Joy for Life―To make life tasty and fun” as the Vision towards which we will aim in the future, and we expressed all of this in the form of a drop of oil.
In formulating our Corporate Philosophy, all the members of the J-Oil Mills Group team discussed their respective thoughts concerning the form that our company should take, and the Philosophy was created on this basis.
 Our Vision
To always strive and evolve for our ideal future.
Our Mission
To create new values by using our unique strengths to fulfill our mission in society.
Our Values
To integrate our unparalleled love for oil and
our inherited knowledge to cultivate original values.
Mastering the Art of
Oil & Developing Deliciousness
Oishisa Design
J-Oil Mills Action Guidelines / Code of Conduct
 To make life tasty and fun
   Exploring oil, learning people
Exploration
Taking on new areas of challenge
Challenge
Creating new values
Creativity
Acting with integrity Being considerate to others
Integrity Compassion
Our unparalleled love for everything oil
LOVE-Oil
   Oil is a nutrient that is essential to human life.
We fry, bake, and stir fry using it, and sometimes we sprinkle it just as it is on our food.
At home and in restaurants, in prepared lunchboxes, and in snacks from the deli section,
it is something that we use every day.
The delicious flavor of oil is something special.
Sweet, sour, salty, bitter, umami, and pungent tastes–no matter what the taste, it becomes deeper when paired with oil. And it is not only taste–oil can be enjoyed with all of the five senses, for its appearance, sound, aroma, and texture.
This is the charm of oil.
Oil contains boundless possibilities.
An ingredient in foods, but also used in medicines, fuels, and cosmetics,
we are confident that oil will continue to bring great happiness into the future.
“Joy for Life”–This is a phrase that we arrived at after sketching out our vision of the future that we should strive towards. Loving oil more than anyone else, mastering oil to the greatest extent possible,
designing tastes that move the hearts of our customers,
we will seek to increase flavor and happiness in the lives of as many people as we can.
It is realizing this future in itself that is “Joy for Life” for J-Oil Mills.
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 02
  
President’s Message
 Our goal at J-Oil Mills is to be a company that creates value
by contributing to the resolution of our customers and
social issues. Toward this goal, as a group specializing in oil,
we are seeking to maximize the diverse value inherent in oil and to expand the possibilities of oil.
Despite being the manufacturer and marketer of edible oils and fats as well as oilseed meals focusing on the Japanese market, we are susceptible to changes in the external environment, for example, changes in the overseas market price of soybeans and rapeseed and exchange rates since we rely on the import of raw materials. We can definitely say that our business structure is volatile. As a result of this volatility, prior to their merger, the respective companies would sometimes fall into the red when the price of raw materials soared. Against this background, the most pressing management issue for J-Oil Mills’ establishment was to steadily reduce the level of volatility and transform our business structure into one that is not swayed by the external environment.
Following the merger, we achieved stability through efforts such as steadily reducing the volatility we faced and working to increase the size and efficiency of our company. When I became President and CEO, however, I recognized that we had not been able to adequately realize the growth that we sought – there was, for example, a divergence between our performance targets and our actual performance. Why had we not been able to realize adequate growth in the more than 10 years since the merger? I believed that this did not represent J-Oil Mills’ true growth potential.
The strengths of this company born from the merger of the three individual companies were not only the capacity to expand in size or increase efficiency but also include technological expertise, the ability to propose solutions, and broad customer bases developed over the long histories of the individual companies, in addition to our diverse human resources. I felt that we were not adequately exploiting these strengths; that is to say, the major reason why we were not realizing sufficient growth was that we were not maximizing the value created by the business merger.
Believing that a true fusion of the tangible and intangible assets and strengths possessed by these individual companies would be a significant factor in our ability to realize sustainable growth, in 2017 we formulated our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan, which sets our goals until fiscal 2020, together with our Corporate Philosophy, which clearly sets out the Vision, Mission, and Value towards which we aspire. In the process of formulation of our Corporate Philosophy, we engaged in an earnest discussion of the issues that our company faces and the form that we want our company to take in the future by considering social issues and incorporating the perspectives of our stakeholders, with the young and mid-career employees who will be the pillars of our company in 10 to 20 years’ time taking a central role. Through this process, we realized that it was important for us to transform from an equipment-focused
company focusing on market prices and quantities of materials to being a value-creating company focusing on considerations for our customers and social issues (which, I should note, is not to say that a focus on weights and market prices will become unimportant). We also recognized our corporate mission and the type of company that we aspired to be. This is to say that we as oil experts will expand as a business that contributes to the resolution of the issues faced by our customers and society as a whole and perform work that brings happiness to all by comprehensively seeking to realize the diverse values inherent in oil (value for cooking, health, seasoning, and more), and to expand the potential of oil. This is the goal that we are seeking to realize, and we are ensuring that its message reaches every one of our employees in order to push ahead with efforts to achieve it.
This is the goal that we are seeking to realize, and we are ensuring that its message reaches every one of our employees in order to push ahead with efforts to achieve it.
Going forward, by further honing the strengths that we possess as a company, we will strive to advance our mastery of oil, becoming a company that designs tastes, able to move the hearts of our customers.
The J-Oil Mills Story: Our First 15 Years
A History of Striving to Maximize Value Generated from True Integration
 The “Joy for Life” Cycle
We will continue to boost J-Oil Mills’ brand value by combining the creation of joy our customers experience through our unique technologies and services with the joy that we experience in our work, and by creating a virtuous cycle within our organization that allows that joy to resonate and be amplified.
Self-actualized value
Recommendation to customers and co-creation of unique shared value through collaboration
Emotional value Functional value
The future we seek to realize
Evolution of the value we offer
Our missions
Our values
e.g. “I can become ●●” (Self-affirmation)
e.g. Happy! Joyful!
e.g. Convenient! Delicious!
J-Oil Mills
To make life tasty and fun
Mastering the Art of Oil & Developing Deliciousness
Oishsa Design
J-Oil Mills Action Guidelines / Code of Conduct
Outer Step
Deepening of the experienced value
Inner Step
Co-creation and feedback
Creating fans Customers
                Exploring oil, Learning people Exploration
Taking on new areas of challenge Challenge
Creating new values Creativity
 Fulfillment Job satisfaction
Acting with integrity Integrity
Being considerate to others Compassion
Our unparalleled love for everything oil
LOVE-Oil
Company
In July 2019,
we celebrated
our 15th anniversary.
President & CEO
Fuminao Hachiuma
J-Oil Mills was established in July 2004, when three leading Japanese oil companies – Honen Corporation, Ajinomoto Oil Mills Co., Inc. and Yoshihara Oil Mill, Ltd. – merged in order to strength further domestic business as well as develop overseas business.
I would like to once again express our sincere gratitude to you all. The fact that we are able to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the merger, despite having faced a wide variety of difficulties including enormous increases in resource costs, the global financial crisis of 2008, and a number of natural disasters is entirely due to the unwavering support of our shareholders, our customers, and our business partners – all of our stakeholders – and the efforts and ingenuity of all the employees who have supported our growth up to the present.
At present, we are engaged in the implementation of our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan that seeks to spur growth mainly from our original technologies, accompanied by change of management and employees’ way of thinking.
Furthermore, we are striving to reform our company structure in order to create management resources that are indispensable to the realization of this growth, while working to upgrade governance structure and management process as a whole.
Going forward, despite the increasing global population and the declining birthrate and aging population in Japan, we will continue to meet the expectations of our stakeholders by sincerely addressing a variety of environmental changes, social issues, and challenges that affect our customers, including environmental problems, issues with food resources, and health issues. In doing so, we will work to increase our corporate value and fulfill our company’s social mission.
03  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 04

President’s Message
Progress towards the Realization of Our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan ~Financial results for fiscal 2018 and plans and prospects for fiscal 2019~
While our sales for fiscal 2018 did not meet the level set out in our plan, our profits achieved their target.
Furthermore, our net profit reached a record high.
As mentioned previously, we are advancing our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan, “Mastering Oil, Creating Happiness 2020” (hereafter “mid-term plan”) to create a business foundation that is not easily swayed by the external environment and to create a foundation for future growth. The mid-term plan was initiated in fiscal 2017 and will run for four years.
The mid-term plan will see us bring together the fundamental technologies that we have cultivated up to the present – technologies that enable us to offer oils and fats in three forms (liquid, solid and powdered) and improve the texture of foods using starches; and technologies for the analysis and reproduction of flavor – allowing us to design and offer flavors to our customers. Through these means we seek to create new markets and realize sustainable and stable growth despite the contraction of the domestic market as a result of Japan’s declining birthrate and aging population. In addition, based on the value that we have engineered into oil in the domestic market, we will attempt to accelerate our overseas expansion with a focus on the Asian market, always seeking to realize genuine benefits for our customers.
In fiscal 2018, the second year of our mid-term plan, we increased both our net sales and profit as a result of good performance in our oil and fat business against the background of favorable oil meal market conditions, expansion of sales of high value- added products, and the revision of consumer prices for oil and fat products, which has been ongoing since fiscal 2017. While sales were slightly lower than projected in the mid-term plan, profits met our targets in each area. Net profit attributable to the owners of the parent company also reached a record high since the establishment of our company.
We plan to increase both sales and profits in fiscal 2019. Because business infrastructure costs, such as logistics costs, are increasing, we are pursuing efforts with a keen awareness of the necessity to optimize the prices of our oils and fats. We are also working to expand our range of high value-added products and recover profitability in our processed oil and fat products and foodstuffs/fine materials business, which declined in fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2019, in addition to aggressively pushing ahead with investments towards our next Medium-Term Management Plan, we will realize an increase in overall profitability through more precise control over total costs and our return on assets.
~Strategies for the Latter Half of the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan: Strategy for Fiscal 2019~
In the latter two years of the mid-term plan, we will accelerate our efforts within the framework of the plan. We will also seek to rapidly verify our growth projections towards 2030 by taking into consideration changes in the external environment, including the future of Japan’s ongoing declining birthrate and aging population, and the intensification of global competition.
  < Main Themes of the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan>
Mastering Oil, Creating Happiness 2020
Through its mastery of oil, J-Oil Mills is seeking to become a taste design company that creates flavors able to move the hearts of its customers
 Basic Orientation Business Strategies
  Growth Strategies
1. Expansion of sales of high value-added products in each of our business areas
2. Strengthening of solution-based operations in the B to B market:
Multiplying our strengths
3. Accelerating deployment in Asia: based on value honed in Japan 4. Enhancement of the profitability of general-purpose oil and fat
products
Structural Reforms
1. Pursuing efforts to raise the efficiency and quality of the value chain
2. Optimizing production sites from a medium-to-long-term perspective
3. Selection, concentration, and increasing efficiency
 Corporate Mechanisms
 Strengthening our management foundations
1 Quality assurance 2 Corporate governance 3 Organizational structure
4 Projects to increase transparency for managerial reporting 5 Initiatives for increase of corporate value 6 Investor Relations, Shareholder Relations 7 Human Resources projects
 Mindset Establishment of corporate vision and its penetration • Reform of organizational culture • Compliance
Related pages
● Financial results for fiscal 2018 and plans and prospects for fiscal 2019
⇒ Performance Highlights (p. 29)
⇒ Fiscal 2018 business performance and financial
analysis (p. 57-64)
● Overview of J-Oil Mills’ segments in fiscal 2018 and segment priority measures in fiscal 2019
⇒ See Status of Business Segments (p.23-28)
■ Growth strategy: expansion of sales high value-added products
Our high value-added products support our growth and are an important pillar of the growth strategy set out in the mid-term plan. As a result of our initiatives over the past two years, we are projecting that high value-added products will represent one-quarter of our net sales and slightly less than 40% of our gross profits in fiscal 2019. We will need to slightly expand our volume of sales in order to reach our target for fiscal 2020, but we are projecting that we will reach our target for gross profit in fiscal 2019.
 Financial results for fiscal 2018 and projections for fiscal 2019 and 2020
Net sales ROE (Unit: 100 million yen)
Operating income
1,834
4.9%
Net income
1,868
5.6%
57 48
2,150
5%≤
80
 1,802
4.0% 55
1,900
6.1%
 33 4041
65
54
 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Forecast Medium-term target
  Key points of fiscal 2018 results
● Good performance in our oils and fats business as a result of favorable conditions in the oil meal market
● Maintenance of the price revision effect in our oils and fats business that has been ongoing since fiscal 2017
● Expansion of sales of high value-added products
● Worsening of profits in our processed oil and fat products business, and foodstuffs/fine materials business areas
● Increase in SG&A expenses, including investment in marketing
● Net profit of 4.75 billion yen for the period, a record high since the founding of our company
 Net sales (Percentage of overall sales volume)
Status of high value-added products (Actual and forecast)
100 million yen 485.0
139.1
(28.7%)
139
2019 Forecast
  22.0%
2016
23.5% 23.5%
29.0% 25.5%
  Gross profit (Percentage of overall sales volume)
Net sales
397
Gross profit margin
36.0%
31.8%
2016 2017
33.2%
2018
39.0%
39.0%
2019
Forecast Target
Net sales
Fiscal 2016
397.2
104.4
(26.3%)
430 439 485
430.3
109.0
(25.3%)
439.0
115.5
(26.3%)
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2019 (Forecast)
  Gross profit
  Ratio of gross profit to net sales
 2017 2018 2019 2020 Forecast Target
            05  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 06
2020
2016 2017 2018 2019 Forecast
104
2016
109 116
2017 2018

  Our Main Initiatives into the Future
Strengthening of our ability to make proposals in our solutions business
● Realization of total solutions related to fryers
● New sales activities utilizing the cloud
Proposal of solutions to customer issues
● Expansion of sales of high value-added starches
● Continuous expansion of sales and development of
initiatives for the B to B to C market
 President’s Message
In our oils and fats business, we will make proposals to expand the use of olive oil in home kitchens and work to achieve market penetration and increased sales of new products.
In the B to B market, we will enhance our ability to boost the proposal of our long-life oil Cho Cho Toku Toku and J-OILPRO® Seasoning Oils for the Professional Cook, which offer a variety of seasoning and cooking functions.
Turning to the status of high value-added products in our oils and fats business, three products – olive oil products, Cho Cho Toku Toku, and J-OILPRO® – make up more than half of our overall sales volume. While the scale of sales of J-OILPRO® is still small, its profitability is higher than that of the other two oils. In addition, taking into consideration the fact that olive oil is affected by market prices and that J-OILPRO® is far less prone to being affected by market prices for raw materials, I believe that we can place high expectations on the product in the future. In terms of the rate of growth in sales for the respective products over the past four years, our sales of olive oil products have increased by 25% from 2016, while sales of Cho Cho Toku Toku have increased by 20% and sales of J-OILPRO® have increased by 30%.
For some time, we have been promoting efforts to see olive oil become a fixture on Japanese dining tables. However, given that olive oil is a Western condiment, only around 30% of households are buying the product each year, and so we cannot yet say that we have achieved market penetration. By seeking to make olive oil a product that is used on a daily basis in Japanese kitchens, to date we have sought to inform customers of the fact that the oil can be used with food items that often appear on the table, such as bread and salads. Into the future, we will continue to make efforts to inform our customers of the benefits of olive oil.
With regard to Cho Cho Toku Toku and J-OILPRO®, the number of restaurants handling these products is steadily increasing. While our major customers receive guidance directly from the Solutions Business Division, not all of our customers have been covered. However, because our wholesalers are gradually recognizing the quality of our products, and the fact that they return higher profits than those of other companies, they can expect further expansion of sales.
Further, considering our customers’ consumers, we can project a variety of problems including a lack of manpower and productivity issues at restaurants and factories producing home meal replacements. In such cases, the use of our long-life oil Cho Cho Toku Toku makes it possible to replace oil once every five days rather than the normal four-day period, thus contributing significantly to the reduction of annual labor costs. Considering this fact, even though the price of our product is slightly higher, we can see that there will be an increasing number of cases in which Cho Cho Toku Toku will be of greater benefit to our consumers given the background of increasingly scarce manpower and the necessity of increasing productivity. Looking at the J-OILPRO® series, because these oils enable users to easily create menus with differing flavors, the series will enable our customers to respond to the demands of restaurant diners despite the inability to secure professional chefs for their establishments. Precisely because of this harsh environment, our goal is to increase the number of cases in which we can be of assistance.
■ Growth strategy: formulation of cases for solutions business and acceleration of expansion
J-Oil Mills’ solutions business is growing steadily, and the number of implemented proposals is also increasing thanks to our strengthened proposal-making capabilities.
     Growth strategy: expansion of sales high value-added products
Increase sales volume through expansion of olive oil and Cho Cho Toku Toku sales, contribution to lower raw material prices."
*Growth rate with 2016 as the base level
Household-use market for olive oil: net sales
1
2016 2017
Our Solutions Business Division makes proposals to major restaurant chains, manufacturers of home meal replacement products, and processed food manufacturers. Since the Solutions Business Division was established in fiscal 2016, it has steadily grown, and the number of implemented proposals is also increasing thanks to our strengthened proposal-making capabilities.
At present, the home meal replacement market is said to be worth 10 trillion yen. While the scale of this market differs from that of the 23-24 trillion yen restaurant market, if we take into consideration the tax rate reduction that came into effect in October 2019, in addition to changes in Japan’s social structure, such as an increase in the number of working women, I believe that the home meal replacement market will grow into the future. However, the issue of home meal replacements is that freshly prepared food cannot be provided. In addition, when we take into consideration the need to reduce food waste and loss, and the problem of stores running out of stock, there is a growing need to extend the shelf life of products. Against this background, our customers appreciate the fact that our starches are able to contribute both to the absorption of fluid and the preservation of fluid in food ingredients. Going forward, we will be seeking to enhance our comprehensive offerings to customers, not only regarding oils and fats but also starches and margarines, while synchronizing these efforts with the growth in the home meal replacement market.
■ Growth strategy: acceleration of expansion into Asia
Contributions to popular meals
Strengthening of our ability to propose solutions
Number of proposals of starch-based high value-added products
􏰑 Growth with 2016 as the base line
􏰐􏰏􏰌
􏰉􏰏􏰐 􏰋
􏰉􏰊􏰋􏰌 􏰉􏰊􏰋􏰍 􏰉􏰊􏰋􏰎
Boxed hamburger meals
Use of our products in hamburgers
NEOTRUST® (starch)
Absorbs water and oil to offer softness and juiciness
Takeout boxes of deep-fried chicken
     1.25
2018 2019 Forecast
Use of HI-TRUST® and Bimi Toku Toku
for deep-fried chicken
Realization of long-lasting flavor through the use of water-retaining starches and oils that boost flavor
  Cho Cho Toku Toku for the B to B market: net sales
● Strengthening of the Solutions Business ⇒ See Special Feature 1 (p. 19-20)
Related pages
 1
2016 2017
1.21
2018 2019 Forecast
By leveraging the oil, fat, and starch products that we have developed in Japan, we intend to expand aggressively into the ASEAN market starting in Thailand, “Offering delicious flavors” to all of our customers.
 J-OILPRO® for the B to B market: net sales
1
1.31
With regard to the expansion of our business in the ASEAN region, our starch business is realizing steady growth centering on customers that manufacture processed meat products. Presently, our business is expanding with a focus on Thailand, which we will use as a base for driving new growth as we move towards 2030. The first step towards the realization of this goal will be a business and capital alliance with Premium Nutrients Pte. Ltd (hereafter, “PNPL”), a manufacturer of processed oil and fat products based in Malaysia (announced in October 2019). In Asia, the confectionary and bread market of the ASEAN region is expected to grow by more than 5% per year on average. Malaysia is one of the world’s leading producers of palm oil, a raw material used in the production of the margarine and shortening that are essential ingredients for the manufacture of confectionary and bread. The nation’s efforts in sustainability have been evaluated very highly. Against this background, PNPL has established a system for the supply of high value-added products that meets international standards and has a sales infrastructure for processed oil and fat products in the ASEAN region and other nations. By collaborating with PNPL, we will garner business experience and expertise in the ASEAN region, enabling us to expand our business step by step.
JOT* (Consolidated subsidiary)
Growth in sales on a local currency
  2016 2017 2018 2019 Forecast
1.9
1.4 1.6
2017 2018 2019
basis
* Growth rate with 2016 as base line
 1
2016
 Actual
Forecast
 07  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 08
* JOT: J-OILMILLS (THAILAND) Co., Ltd.

 President’s Message
■ Structural Reforms
In order to build a solid management foundation,
we are seeking to establish a business structure that is less prone to being impacted by changes in the external environment.
With regard to our structural reforms, over the past two years we have realized the desired outcomes to a certain degree by advancing initiatives that seek to increase productivity and promote selection and concentration, for example by increasing the efficiency and sophistication of our value chains. In fiscal 2019, we decided to transfer management of our Sakaide Logistics Center, which had long been engaged in our silo business, and we also restructured our mixed feed business. We will also be restructuring some of our sales offices. In addition, while we reduced our SKUs (product types) by 6% in the last fiscal year, it is necessary for us to make efforts to further improve efficiency in the future. Because we incur losses when replacing product lines due, for example, to line cleaning, we will seek to realize further productivity gains by pursuing an optimal lineup that takes overall productivity into consideration rather than by simply reducing our SKUs. Going forward, I would like us to continue to further advance structural reforms, including in the area of selection and concentration, and focus our management resources on investments in growth areas.
The “Happo Yoshi” that J-Oil Mills seeks to Achieve
  Society
● Lack of human resources ● Increase in prices of raw materials ● Intensification of competition Suppliers
Happo Yoshi
Happo Yoshi
    Structural Reform Initiatives
Structural reforms
Realization of increased efficiency and sophistication in value chain
Increase in productivity and response to aging facilities
Selection and concentration, and realization of increased efficiency
Initiatives up to the present
● Commencement of joint purchase of packaging materials with Ajinomoto Co., Ltd.
● Merger of our three manufacturing subsidiaries Yokohama Pack, J-Services, and Golden Services to create the new company J-PACK
● Transfer of idle assets of Sumiyoshi Factory and improvement of its utilization ratio, and reduction of personnel numbers by beginning operation of Kurashiki Factory
● Completion of the construction of a new chemical factory
● Assignment of Sakaide Logistics Center’s business ● Restructuring of the mixed feed business
● Withdrawal from Indian business
● Withdrawal from health food business
● Upgrading of Nagoya Branch to Nagoya Office; merger of Chugoku Branch and Shikoku Branch into Chugoku-Shikoku Branch
● Reduction of SKUs (6% in fiscal 2018)
Future initiatives
Optimization of business procedures from the perspective of the supply chain as a whole
Increase in asset use efficiency and realization of increased productivity
● Further reduction of SKUs ● Realization of increased
efficiency and structural reform
through the use of RPA, IoT ● Fundamental review of
businesses returning low profits
have specified a set of materialities (important issues) that our company must prioritize in order to continue the expansion of our business. In the future, based on the materialities, we will focus first on creating and supplying our customers with the unique value that only we as a team of oil specialists can provide, working to realize the targets set in our Mastering Oil, Creating Happiness 2020 plan, which sets out an image of the company that we want to be in 2020.
To be precise: while the SDGs set out 17 separate goals, our intention is not to respond to each of these goals individually, but rather, based on the concept of the “Happo Yoshi” (a finer set of subdivisions of the “Sanpo Yoshi”), we will focus on the various issues facing society and contribute to their resolution. We identified the “Happo” in “Happo Yoshi” as representing our eight stakeholders: consumers, mass marketers, retail stores and buyers, suppliers, shareholders, distributors, and society including the environment, along with our company itself. With regard to how we can contribute to each of these stakeholders, we will work to create value and to be of use from two broader perspectives: being of concrete use through the products that we provide and establishing connections with all of our stakeholders. In other words, we are seeking to realize the concept of “Happo Yoshi” by achieving synergy between “goods” – our products – and “actions,” including the provision of a variety of information to our customers. It is my belief that a company that realizes “Happo Yoshi” in many forms is the type of a company that is needed right now and that will also be needed in the future.
J-Oil Mills specializes in oil, which is not only fundamental to our daily lives but is also essential to many other fields. Our voyage of further discovery into oils and fats will not only benefit our customers and the society but will also lead to significant growth for our company. Seeking to realize sustainable growth towards 2030 and further, towards 2050, we will recognize the phenomena arising from changes in the structures of society as business opportunities, and we will leverage the strengths of our company in order to accelerate our corporate growth. Furthermore, we will strive to be a company that is truly needed by society.
Food resources
Global warming
Plastic waste
Food waste
J-Oil Mills Shareholders
Retail stores Distributors
Mass marketers/customers
Consumers
Increase in number of elderly and single-person households
Eating alone
Health issues
Awareness of necessity to maintain standard of living
  ● Increase in quantities transported
● Shortage of drivers
● Demands for improvement in working environment
●
● ● ●
  Related pages
● Identified Materialities
⇒ J-Oil Mills’ Materialities (p.23-28)
J-Oil Mills into the Future: Our Growth Strategy towards 2030
Based on the Japanese concept of “Happo Yoshi” (good for all stakeholders), J-Oil Mills is seeking to become a company that creates value by focusing on the issues faced by its customers and society more generally – in short, a company that is truly needed by society.
As global risks and social problems including climate change, the depletion of resources, economic inequality, poverty and political instability become more apparent and more complexly intertwined, I believe that the Japanese concept of “Sanpo Yoshi” (benefit for customer, society and seller), a precept of the historical Omi merchants from Japan that stresses the satisfaction of both buyer and seller together with social contribution of businesses, continues to be extremely important for us in the modern era. Today, a variety of initiatives are demanded from companies under various names – CSR, CSV, ESG, SDGs – but in the end what is needed is for companies and their employees to continuously grow together with their customers and society. I see this as a change in the role of companies within society. In fiscal 2019, after careful consideration of the demands that our customers and society more generally are today placing upon us, we
09  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 10

   The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Story
The Future of J-Oil Mills
 The Evolution of J-Oil Mills and Its Future
Thanks to our many supporters, in 2019 J-Oil Mills celebrated its 15th anniversary.
J-Oil Mills was established in 2004 from the merger of three processed oil manufacturers:
Honen Corporation, Ajinomoto Oil Mills Co., Inc. and Yoshihara Oil Mill, Ltd.
Since our merger in 2004, we have fused the tangible and intangible assets and strengths possessed by these individual companies into one, generating a synergistic effect that enables us
to provide society with value of many types via our products and services.
By continuing to further hone these strengths, we seek mastering the art of oil,
becoming a taste design company that creates flavors able to move the hearts of our customers.
With a solid foundation in the world of
oil, we will advance CSV management that contributes to the resolution of our customers’ issues and social issues, in addition to contributing to the realization of the SDGs
Fusing Diverse Value to Reach a New Stage of Development
Through the fusion of the diverse cultures, assets, knowledge, expertise, and connections with customers in a range
of fields that we have cultivated up to the present, we are creating new value by means of the multiplication of our strengths.
  J-Oil Mills was established in 2004 from the merger of Honen Corporation, Ajinomoto Oil Mills Co., Inc. and Yoshihara Oil Mill, Ltd., three companies possessing a history of more than 100 years between them.
           Ajinomoto Oil Mills Co., Inc.
The management merger between our three predecessor companies fused together the expertise that they had each cultivated over the course of their respective histories, forming new strengths: Technological expertise, the ability to propose solutions, and outstanding front-line capabilities. These strengths are the wellsprings of our ability today to create unique value through functional products, consultation-based marketing, the provision of technical support, and more.
The Strengths of the Three Companies That Formed J-Oil Mills
   Honen Corporation
Yoshihara Oil Mill, Ltd.
● Implementation of research on the flavor of oils and fats
● High level of brand recognition in the household-use market
● Efforts to make full use of raw materials Starch, chemicals, trace constituents, and soy flour businesses
● Solid sales base in the professional-use market
● Handling of a variety of oil types
● Solution to customer issues through
the measurement of oil oxidation
Merger
Technological expertise
The ability to propose solutions
Outstanding front-line capabilities
Professional use oils and fats
A Domestic Share of Approximately 40%
We have a high market share of approximately 40% in the field of professional use oils and fats, which are employed in restaurants
and in the manufacture of home meal replacement products such as prepared meal packs and packaged side dishes, and processed foods such as tofu. We support the foundations of Japan’s culinary culture with a level of quality and flavor honed under the strict gaze of professionals in their fields.
The wellsprings of J-Oil Mills’ ability to create unique new value, cultivated on the foundation of three strengths
Multiplication of Our Strengths
Application of Our Products in Diverse
Food-related occasions
With the combination of the oils, processed oils and fats, starches and other ingredients that we possess, and honing of the knowledge and ideas that we have developed up to the present, we have seen our products be adopted and become highly regarded in a wide range of product categories.
A broad customer network
Coverage of a Wide Range of
Food Domains
Due to the merger of companies with their own histories, we possess customers and networks in a broad range of regions and fields. We contribute to the food industry through connections with a huge number of food-related customers.
Synergy with the Ajinomoto Group
Sales Activities exploiting the Group’s
Product Power
As a member of the Ajinomoto Group, the majority of our oil and fat products for household-use are marketed under
the brand.
In cooperation with Group companies, we conduct a range
of sales promotion activities at retail stores throughout the country.
Exit strategy
Extension from Professional-use to
Household-use Products
Based on valuable opinions received from customers in the field of B to B market, in which we have a high market share, we have developed highly-regarded household use products and private brands (PB) for customers.
                        The Evolution of J-Oil Mills
Three Companies that laid the Foundations for Japan’s Oilseed Processing Industry
The fusion of the expertise possessed by each company formed the wellsprings of our ability to create unique value
Fusion
Creation of functional products Consultation-based marketing Ability to provide technological support
A Fusion of Diverse Corporate Cultures and Assets
J-Oil Mills was established in July 2004. The three companies that merged to form J-Oil Mills had prior experience of integration and a history of possessing corporate groups. Companies including Nikka Oil Mills Co., Ltd., a member of our Group, and previously KUMAZAWA SEIYU SANGYO CO., LTD, TOYO OIL MILLS CO., INC., JAPAN SOYA PRODUCTS , ASAHI YUSHI CO., LTD, and HONEN LEVER CO., LTD have bequeathed their unique technologies, products, markets and cultures to today’s J-Oil Mills. Since the merger that created us, we have fused the precious assets cultivated by each of these companies, and, through the multiplication of our strengths, we have continued to create diverse and unique value.
    Looking back at the histories of the three companies making up J-Oil Mills prior to their merger, the Kumazawa family, one of the originators of Ajinomoto Oil Mills Co., Inc., and the Yoshihara family, the founders of Yoshihara Oil Mill, Ltd., had each been involved in the manufacture and sale of edible oils since the Edo period. The establishment of Honen Corporation dates back to the South Manchuria Railway Co., Ltd. in the Meiji period. Management was later transferred to Suzuki Shoten, a commercial conglomerate in Kobe. The three companies each developed businesses in oils and fats (valuable nutrients at the time) and oil meal, a source of protein and important as an ingredient in feed for the livestock industry and fertilizer for the agricultural industry. Through research and development, they were able to offer a range of products and technologies, with each leading Japan’s oilseed processing industry and in addition contributing to the development of the nation’s diet.
11  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 12

   The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Story
 The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Model
Up to the present, J-Oil Mills has contributed to the resolution of food-related social issues through diverse products and services. We have now identified issues that our company should prioritize as materialities. Going forward we will work towards their solution using our technological expertise, ability to propose solutions, and front-line capabilities.
Seeking to realize our Corporate Philosophy, “Joy for Life,” based on our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan we will maximally leverage the strengths that we have cultivated up to the present, striving to become a company that designs tastes able to move the hearts of our customers.
To make life tasty and fun
Realization of Our Corporate Philosophy
Increase in Capital
Increased Corporate Value
Outcomes
Resolution of Customers’ Issues Resolution of Social Issues (Contribution to the Achievement
of the SDGs)
      External Environment
The Environment Surrounding J-Oil Mills
Social Issues
The resolution of the global issues represented by the SDGs is an urgent issue for the corporate world. For our company in particular, dependent as we are on natural resources, it is essential to prioritize issues such as climate change (global warming, etc.) and water resource risks to the greatest extent possible. Efforts are also necessary in relation to a range of other issues, including the shrinking of the domestic market and a lack of labor power due to population decline, the problem of plastic waste, and human rights.
Customer Demands
Throughout our history, we have been of assistance to our customers by providing diverse products, technologies, and services. Today, a shortage of labor power is becoming increasingly apparent as a serious problem in Japan. Using the tangible and intangible resources that we have cultivated, we are able to take a multifaceted approach to the resolution of this issue. In addition, it will be essential for us to take the demands of the consumers who represent our customers’ customers into consideration. Thus, we work to respond to them together with our customers.
Business Environment
With regard to the business environment surrounding our company, there are prospects for the expansion of the added-value oil market with an increase in the value of oils and fats, and also for the development of new businesses against the background of social issues. On the contrary, there are concerns over the shrinkage of the domestic market due to population decline. In response to these changes in the environment, we must make efforts to further advance the strengthening of our management foundations from a medium- to long-term perspective, and increase the robustness of our company.
Corporate Philosophy Business Strategy
Growth Strategy
A Growth Strategy that Makes Full Use of Our Strengths
Delivered value
      Acceleration of expansion into the Asian market ~With value developed in Japan as our foundation~
Enhancement of profitability of general-purpose oil and fat products
     Strengthening our solutions business in the B to B market
~Multiplication of our strengths~
Range expansion of high-value-added products
in our oils and fats business and domains for development
Advanced services
Strong product development capacity
                    Business model
J-Oil Mills’ Strengths
Technological expertise
The ability to propose solutions
Outstanding frontline capabilities
Realization of flavor by adding value to oil
Expansion of the value of oil
     Advancement of initiatives to increase the efficiency and sophistication of our value chain
Optimization of production bases from a medium- to long-term perspective
Selection and concentration,
and the realization of increased efficiency
Strengthening Our Business Foundations –Advancing ESG Management–
Structural
Reform
J-Oil Mills’ Efforts to realize CSV ~Contribution to the Achievement of the SDGs~
Changes in Japan’s demographics, increased number of nuclear families
⇒ Increased frequency of eating out due to changes in lifestyles and the environment surrounding the nation’s food culture (increased amount of women in the workforce, increase in the elderly population, etc.)
Decline in the working population and ongoing decline in the birthrate with an aging of the population
⇒ Problems including a shortage of professional chefs and the need to increase labor productivity at the site of food production are issues for the entire industry
Contribution to maintaining/increasing health
⇒ Increased health consciousness, fully-fledged discussion of the direction for Japan’s social security system
Increasing global population
⇒ Increasing demand for food and increasing food waste represent issues
Responses to climate change and environmental problems
⇒ Reduction of impact on the global environment is the issue
      Social issues / Customer/Consumer issues
J-Oil Mills’ CSV Initiatives / Delivered Value
SDGs category
  Value for deep-fried dishes: Contribution to the realization of increased value in deep-fried foods through the achievement of improved texture, taste, aroma, etc. as well as the development and provision of oils that enable deep-fried foods to last longer
   Value for cooking: Contribution to increased productivity through the development and provision of oils that make cooking simpler and more efficient
Value for seasoning: Contribution to the realization of greater flavor through the development and provision of oils that allow anyone to realize professional chef- level flavors
 Value for health:
• Enhancement of our olive oil and flaxseed oil lineups
• Contribution to the maintenance and improvement of health through the
development and supply of foods for specified health use, anti-bacterial and anti- viral agents, and lectin for medical research
 Value for society (sustainable procurement):
• Promotion of dialogue with raw material-producing regions towards the realization of sustainable procurement, membership in RSPO
• Contribution to reduction of food waste by promoting exhaustive use of raw materials
   Value for the environment: Contribution to the reduction of the volume of oil used and costs, control of the use of food resources (raw materials), control of waste, and reduction of fuel use and CO2 emissions as a result of reduction of the amount of products being transported, through the development and provision of oils able to be used in cooking for longer periods
• Promoting the use of domestic timber products through the development of adhesives designed to prevent sick building syndrome
   Identification of Materialities
As the effect that corporate activities have on society becomes ever greater, companies are required to display corporate social responsibility (CSR), in other words, business management should take ESG into considerations. Today, ESG is emphasized as one indicator for the evaluation of corporate value. J-Oil Mills recognizes ESG initiatives as the foundation of our business activities. Viewing ESG as an important element that affects our competitiveness, we approach ESG management with the company working together as one. With social issues becoming increasingly complex, we identified our materialities in order to increase the sophistication of our ESG management.
              Establishment and entrenchment of a system for corporate vision,
and reform of corporate culture
    P15: J-Oil Mills’ Materialities
  13  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 14

  The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Story
J-Oil Mills’ Materialities
The Process of Identifying Materialities (Priority Issues)
STEP Identification of Social Issues that Must Be Examined
In October 2017, we established “Joy for Life–To make 1 life tasty and fun” as our Corporate Philosophy. Since the establishment of our company, we have created a diverse range of value through our business activities. We have now commenced discussing materialities for the realization of our Corporate Philosophy. It would be necessary for us to link the value that we create with the resolution of social issues. We would need to specify the issues, making our considerations broadly known both
within the company and outside it.
We conducted evaluations of the relationship between social issues identified using global frameworks such as ISO26000, the GRI Guidelines and the SDGs and our business, taking into consideration factors including our Corporate Philosophy, various norms and standards, and our Business Plan. As a result, we identified 60 issues that our company should examine.
As the effect that corporate activities have on society becomes ever greater, companies are required to display corporate social responsibility (CSR), i.e. business management that considers ESG. Today, ESG is emphasized as one indicator for the evaluation of corporate value, and J-Oil Mills recognizes ESG initiatives as the foundation of our business activities. Viewing ESG as an important element that affects our competitiveness, we promote ESG management as an integral part of our business.
With social issues becoming increasingly complex, we are seeking to realize increased sophistication in our ESG management. To this end, based on the trend in the international community, we have identified
materialities (priority issues) that our company must tackle as a priority in order to realize our Corporate Philosophy “Joy for Life” and resolve the issues focused on in the SDGs.
                 STEP Determination of Priority
The 60 issues identified in STEP 1 were discussed
STEP Verification of Appropriateness
In Management Meetings, we discussed matters
STEP Identification of Materialities Referring to the opinions of our stakeholders, we
                    2 over the course of a year by the relevant departments from the perspectives of degree of influence on our company and importance from the standpoint of the expectations of our stakeholders. External organizations also cooperated in these analyses, and we ultimately narrowed the focus down to 16 proposals for issues that
3 including the appropriateness of the 16 proposals for issues that we had identified, and organized them on the basis of consistency with our Corporate Philosophy and management plans. In addition, in order to evaluate the appropriateness of the issues from the perspective of our stakeholders, we invited outside experts and conducted dialogues (sessions for the exchange of opinions) in which our top management, staff members from our various
4 partially revised the 16 proposed issues, and combined them on the “Joy for Life” MAP, an internal action guideline that was formulated at the same time as our Corporate Philosophy. As a result, we reorganized the 16 issues into three domains, adding the strengthening of our management foundations as an additional domain to make four. This arrangement was agreed
                       J-Oil Mills should tackle as a priority.
      upon at a Board Meeting held in May 2019.
                                        External environment
Social issues
The relevant departments examined these issues on the axes of “Importance for stakeholders (society)” and “Degree of influence on our company,” initially narrowing the field down to 19 important issues. Taking into consideration coordination with the business plans of each of our departments, some of these issues were consolidated and reexamined, until we had specified 16 issues.
issues
departments, and younger employees also participated.
Main Opinions expressed in Dialogue with Outside Experts
・ Given that the company’s reports are now integrated, it will be necessary to deepen discussions as to whether materialities are CSR issues or management issues
・ The degree of influence based on social expectations is also J-Oil Mills’
degree of effect on society. With regard to the creation of a matrix,
while it will take time, it will be best to aggregate within the company ・ A high level of reliance on raw materials means dependence on natural capital. This means that your company has a dependence
on ecosystems
・ The level of attention on your company through your value chain
is high, and efforts in this area are regarded as important
・ It will be necessary to adopt concrete approaches in relation to
human rights
・ I would like you to place a greater emphasis on communication
with consumers
・ In the future, it will be important to quantitatively express KPI in
terms of the identified materialities to the greatest extent possible
60
Creating an organization that allows us to mutually enhance our individuality and grow together
Strengthening our management foundations
Relationship with
our business
items
Issues to be tackled as a priority
16
Importance for J-Oil Mills
Creating diverse value in oil and food
Contribution to society and the planet
    External environment / Social issues
● ISO26000
● GRI
● SDGs
● Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic
Games Sustainable Sourcing Code
● SASB
● SR(I FTSE)
● Benchmark surveys
(Ajinomoto Co., Inc. and other companies in the same industry)
   Relationship with our business
● Corporate Philosophy
● Norms and standards
● Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan,
etc.
   The 16 proposals for issues identified:
● Food security and safety
● Pursuit of customer satisfaction
● Creation of flavor and health
● Supply and development of products that
contribute to the resolution of social issues
● Sustainable resource use
● Mitigation of and adaptation to climate change
● Strengthening of supply chain management
● Enhancement of communication with stakeholders
● Contribution to and cooperation with local communities
● Reform of corporate culture
● Promotion of reform in work styles
● Diversity and inclusion
● Development of human resources
● Promotion of health management
● Strengthening of corporate governance
● Strengthening of risk management and promotion of compliance
  15  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 16
Dialogue with outside experts
Importance for stakeholders (society)

 The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Story
J-Oil Mills’ Materialities
The Identified Materialities and Our Future Development
In the future, we will formulate targets and action plans in order to entrench the idea of materialities within the company, promoting activities integrated with our management plans. We will also decide on the responsible executives to oversee achievement.
Each department will discuss action plans that accord with the materialities, and implement the PDCA cycle. In addition, in the future we will continue to periodically revise the materialities that we have identified, in order to enable us to respond to our stakeholders’ expectations against the background of changes in the business environment and social changes.
17
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 18
Creating diverse value in oil and food
Contribution to society and the planet
1.2 1.3 2014 2015
5.0 3.7
2016 2017
Four Domains of Materialities
Relationship between the Identified Four Domains of Important Issues and the SDGs
Contribution to Society and the Planet
● Sustainable resource use
● Mitigation of and adaptation to climate
change
● Strengthening of supply chain management
● Enhancement of communication with stakeholders
● Contribution to and cooperation with local communities
Creating an organization that allows us to mutually enhance our individuality and grow together
● Reform of corporate culture
● Promotion of reform in work styles ● Diversity and inclusion
● Development of human resources ● Promotion of health management
Creation of diverse value in oil and food
● Food security and safety
● Pursuit of customer satisfaction
● Creation of flavor and health
● Supply and development of products that
contribute to the resolution of social issues
Strengthening Our Management Foundations
● Strengthening of corporate governance
● Strengthening of risk management and promotion of compliance
Future Development: Themes of Our Activities
・ We will collaborate with our stakeholders to create and implement sustainable procurement schemes allowing us to realize responsible procurement that considers human rights, the environment, and other such perspectives.
・ We will implement sustainable procurement of raw materials and participate in the mechanisms that seek to realize the traceability a sustainable, recycling-oriented society
・ We will reduce impact on the global environment through our value chain, and pursue a sustainable business model
・ We will enhance cooperation with our stakeholders and create efficient and robust supply chains ・ We will promote and strengthen partnerships with our customers, business partners, employees, shareholders and investors, local communities and NPOs, and cooperate together in order to
resolve a range of social issues
・ We will conduct activities in a variety of fields that deepen our communication with the local
communities in the areas in which our business sites are located, including environmental conservation, disaster response, regional development, provision of cultural support, and promotion of dietary culture and health
・ We will foster a culture of “Try, error and try again” (The challenge to become a value creation company) ・ We will promote diverse work styles, creating value while balancing more efficient work procedures
with work satisfaction
・ We will increase labor productivity while realizing a greater work-life balance
・ We will respond to diversifying eating habits, and consider flavors and cultural practices in response
to globalization and the inbound tourist demand
・ We will work to create an organization that enables human resources possessing diverse values and ways of
thinking to maximally display their abilities, multiplying their respective strengths and generating innovation ・ We will establish a variety of systems for the development of human resources, and create a
foundation of education for employees at each level
・ We will seek to allow every employee to experience job satisfaction and growth, and promote work
style reform and improvement in satisfaction with life and health
・ We will develop products that respond to our customers’ needs and disclose reliable information ・ We will create value through total solutions that create synergy from diverse applications, including
raw materials, ingredients, and kitchen equipment
・ We will make proposals responding to issues including food preparation, labor shortages/saving
labor, and the reduction of food waste
・ We will master oil, enabling us to create flavor, happiness, and health through a synergistic effect
with other raw materials
・ We will draw out the potential of oil and develop new applications, taking up the challenge of
resolving a range of social issues
・ We will continue to improve our management scheme through enhancing supervision by the Board of Directors and business execution our system of execution towards the realization of our vision for the company, and we will ensure that they produce effective outcomes
・ We will seek to maintain and further improve an effective system of internal controls
Main Outcomes to Fiscal 2018 (Examples of Initiatives)
CO2 emissions
Ongoing reduction in environmental impact
Creating an organization that allows us to mutually enhance our individuality and grow together
Strengthening our management foundations
Effect of reduction in agricultural land (*J-Oil Mills estimate based on company sales volume) Effect of reduction in agricultural land through increased sales of
Cho Cho Toku Toku
177 177
(1000t-CO2)
2018 (Fiscal year)
2014 2015 2016 2017
Ratio of female employees in management positions (%)
Increase in number of female employees in management positions
5.2
2018 (Fiscal year)
68
2017
78
km
22
Increase in number of Outside Directors and introduction of performance-linked compensation system
Establishment of Nomination Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee
164
162 162
2018
km

 The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Story
Special Feature ❶ A Growth Strategy That Makes Full Use of J-Oil Mills’ Strengths Seeking to Create New Value by
Multiplying and Aggregating Our Strengths
Contribution to the Resolutions of Our Customers’ Issues
      Oil possesses a diverse range of values beyond being a simple conductor of heat, and plays a role in the creation of food in our lives.
By comprehensively pursuing the added-value functions possessed by oil and multiplying our strengths, we will contribute to the resolution of our customers’ issues as a value creation partner, rather than a supplier of raw materials, and we will contribute to the resolution of social issues through our business.
In addition, making full use of the technologies and solutions that we have cultivated in Japan, we will seek to realize sustainable growth by accelerating our expansion into Thailand and the rest of the ASEAN region.
Examples of proposals made by our solutions business and applied by customers
Restaurant
Development of products that respond to the shortage of manpower while also realizing fully-fledged flavor
Home meal replacement
Helping customers to deliver “just-cooked” flavor, for example by controlling deterioration of flavor and texture over time and increasing the “zing” of the meal
Processed foods
Provision of unique ingredients tailored to specific food processing procedures or the required flavor
Contribution to control of
deterioration over time
Unique combinations of liquid oils and fats and starch = Oil and fat processed starch
Before use After use
Improved texture / Improved resistance to deterioration
Provision of products of the same quality and appearance regardless of who makes them
Adoption in the restaurant, home meal replacement, and processed food markets
Contribution to boosting
health consciousness
J-Oil Mills soy flour and starch products Unique formulation AMYLOFIBER®
Soy flour Resistant starch
Low-sugar/Improved texture
Increased health benefits with no reduction in flavor
Application in bread that considers sugar content
Packaging variations
Reduced weight makes it easier for women and older people to replace oil
Bag-in-Box Pillow box
Improved workplace environment, packaging is easier for workers to handle Lightweight and convenient, safe for work processes, simple treatment as garbage
Proposals that respond to our customers’ needs
                     Improvement of ability to propose rapid solutions by integrating sales and technology departments
Products
Oils and fats Starch Margarine
Sales destination
Restaurant/CVS Processed food manufacturer Bread and confectioneries
Sales of J-Oil Mills Solutions
                                           Understanding needs and issues
Presentation of solutions and resolutions of issues
Provision of assistance to customers
in menu development
Control of deterioration over time of cooked ready-to-eat foods
Sales
Technology
Multiplication of J-Oil Mills’ ingredients and products and other companies’ ingredients and products
Seasonings Enzymes Powders and premixes
J-Oil Mills Products–In Use Wherever You Are
~For example, J-Oil Mills products and technologies are used in the majority of product categories carried by convenience stores~
              J-Oil Mills products cover a wide range of food domains. Our unique proposals, created from a combination of ingredients, have been adopted in diverse product categories, contributing to the realization of large numbers of products and new menus all around us.
For example, our starch that absorbs both water and oil contributes to the preservation of just-cooked flavor in the foods in prepared lunchboxes. In addition, our range of flavors and shapes of margarine contributes to the realization of moister and tastier bread.
Into the future, we will continue to design taste in a diverse range of food scenarios, and contribute to the resolution of our customers’ issues.
Chilled cooked foods
Frozen foods
Snacks
Confectionaries foods
       Chilled desserts
Noodles
Livestock processing
Frying oil
Soups
                                                   Rice Bread
Hot snack food
Cooked foods
Seasonings
                                                  Basic technologies to create flavor
                          Liquids
•Frying oils •Seasoning oils
Basic technologies cultivated up to the present
Scientific functions
Technologies for the analysis of flavor
Seasoned
                                 Solids
•Shortening •Margarine
Powders
Powdered oils and fats
Rich tastes
Flavor
Texture
                          S
Technological functions
Technologies for the reproduction of flavor
ASIA
Taking Value Cultivated in Japan Overseas
Expansion into Asia for Sustainable Growth
St
ta
a
a
a
r
r
rc
c
h
h
h
                                                                          19  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 20
Ideas originating from customers or from social issues
With the technologies and abilities to propose solutions that we have cultivated in Japan as our foundation, we will create unique value in taste and functionality with a focus on starches and high-value-added product lineups. By means of these total solutions, we will realize “taste creation” together with our customers in Thailand (JOT・SSC*) and the other nations of the ASEAN region.
* JOT: J-OILMILLS (THAILAND) Co., Ltd., SSC:SIAM STARCH(1966)Co.,LTD
                       Other companies’ ingredients and products
J-Oil Mills’ ingredients and products
Customers’ customers (Consumers)
Customers
Home meal replacement, restaurant and processed foods users
Combination
Promotion of customer value creation (flavor, health, functions) in the home meal replacement, restaurant, and processed foods markets

The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Story
Special Feature ❷ Case Studies of Value Creation by J-Oil Mills
The Pursuit of Value in Oil Aiding in the Creation
of Businesses That Help to Resolve Social Issues
The Environmental and Social Value of Cho Cho Toku Toku
J-Oil Mills’ professional-use product Cho Cho Toku Toku is an oil
that uses a unique technology to control the deterioration of food due to heating,
and lasts 30% longer than a conventional frying oil.
We are seeking to further deepen the value delivered by Cho Cho Toku Toku,
and in the process resolve a range of social issues as well as issues facing our customers.
Case Oils lasting longer means not only reducing the amount of raw materials (grains) used, but also controlling activity 1 throughout the entire supply chains: raw materials, transportation, storage, production processes, packaging, and
Focus
Trend in sales of Cho Cho Toku Toku
Cho Cho Toku Toku is highly regarded by a diverse range of customers, including restaurants and home meal replacement and processed food manufacturers, and has realized stable growth.
30%
  1.21 1
    2016 2017
2018 2019 (Projected)
 Environmental Value
product logistics. As a result, the amount of CO2 emitted by these activities is reduced. In addition, it becomes possible to reduce the amount of waste oil produced by customers after they have used the oil.
* Estimated from J-Oil Mills’ fiscal 2017 sales. Each estimate assumes canola seed as the raw material. * The amount of waste oil produced is estimated as 20% of the volume of oil used.
*Growth rate with sales for 2016 as 1
Across the entire supply chain
CO2 emissions Volume of material use Working hours
 Value delivered by switching to Cho Cho Toku Toku
Approximately
reduction
11,505t 420t
61,281h
  Overseas production regions
4,455t reduction
in CO2 emitted during agricultural work
Procurement of raw materials
4,547t reduction
in CO2 emitted during transportation by ship
J-Oil Mills
Manufacture (Oil extraction and refinement) 836t reduction
in CO2 emitted by factories
Creation of product
(Filling, packaging)
1,592t reduction
in CO2 emitted during can manufacture
415t reduction
in use of cans as containers
Distribution / Delivery
63t reduction in CO2 emitted during product delivery
7,576h reduction
in delivery time
for delivery personnel
Use by customer
Recovery / Disposal
12t reduction in CO2 emitted during collection of waste oil
1,515h reduction
in collection time
for delivery personnel
    CO2 reduction
 5t reduction
in amount of agricultural
chemicals used in agricultural work
52,121h reduction in agricultural work time
69h reduction in oil replacement time for store personnel
 Reduction in use of materials
  Reduction of manpower / Labor savings
   Topics
Case
The problem of labor shortages is today becoming increasingly severe in Japan. Cho Cho Toku Toku contributes to creating comfortable working environments in restaurants and kitchens as well as increasing worker productivity.
Throughout our history, J-Oil Mills has developed and marketed a diverse range of products that consider the environment and society. Into the future, by comprehensively pursuing the value inherent in oil, we will work to develop products and services that not only resolve our customers’ issues, but that also contribute to the resolution of social issues predicted to expand in scope; providing optimal nutrition to an aging society, shoring up labor shortages due to a decline in the working population, reducing cooking time, and dealing with insufficient food resources.
New Product: Cho Cho Toku Toku Healthy Type
In addition to possessing the existing functions of Cho Cho Toku Toku, the new product is manufactured using our unique new method “Healthy and Light Oil Production” (patent pending). It reduces the amount of oil absorbed by deep-fried foods, simultaneously reducing calories and controlling oiliness. The product uses “bag-in-box” and “pillow box” packaging to enable women and older people to easily replace oil.
2
Social value
  21  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 22
   
Business Overview Outcomes of Value Creation
   Oils and Fats Business
Our oils and fats business is our main business, involving the import of grains from overseas, processing them into oils/fats and oilseed meal, and the subsequent sale of these products.
As professionals in the field of oil, and with a solid foundation in considerations of food safety and security, we deploy a broad range of products in order to allow us to design oishisa, from general-purpose products that are used in highly diverse applications to high-value-added products that possess cooking, seasoning, and health-boosting functions that are unique to oil. Our goal in these activities is not merely to offer delicious flavors, but to contribute to the resolution of issues facing our customers and society.
Fiscal 2019: Measures and Outlook ~Towards the Realization of Our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan~
In our oils and fats business, in addition to cultivating the basic functions inherent in oil, we will continue to develop and nurture high-value-added products–products that offer a diverse range of flavors, and products that contribute to the resolution of social issues.
Turning to our household-use oils and fats business, as Japan’s olive oil market continues to expand, we will work to develop products that our customers are able to use in a diverse range of scenarios, and advance proposals that promote sales, for example by expanding our “Just a Drop” campaign. We will also work to expand our range of products that offer unique functions, such as our   Karaage no hi no abura (The special oil for fried chicken)and products such as   Perilla Oil and
Flaxseed Oil, which offer tremendous health benefits.
In our professional-use oils and fats business, we will both contribute to the resolution of a variety of social issues and increase profit by expanding the sales of our product Cho Cho Toku Toku, which offers a 30% longer
Topics
Hiroshi Hattori
Managing Executive Officer, Oils & Fats Business
life than conventional deep-frying oils. In addition to this, we will continue to focus our energies on expanding sales of J-OILPRO®, which responds to issues faced by our customers, such as the increasingly serious labor shortage in Japan. In this way, we will further expand the value of oil.
Also, responding to various social infrastructure costs, in particular logistics costs, and contributing to the resolution of issues such as food waste are urgent issues for us as a food manufacturer. In addition to working towards the resolution of these issues, we will also continue to revise the prices of our products, with the understanding of our customers.
    Looking Back on Fiscal 2018: Our Business Results
The raw materials that we employ in our oils and fats business are almost entirely imported, and we are therefore affected by the market prices of those materials, in addition to exchange rates. This fiscal year, prices of our main raw materials, soybeans and canola seeds, softened as a result of good harvests in their regions of production and due to factors including the trade friction between the US and China. With regard to exchange rates, the yen remained strong against the US dollar for the full year compared to the previous period.
In our household-use oils and fats business, sales increased compared to the previous year as a result of efforts to maintain the sale price of canola oil and other products, in addition to our enhancement of sales promotion initiatives for olive oil and efforts to expand sales of new products. In our professional-use oils and fats business, in addition to efforts focused on high-value- added products such as Cho Toku and J-OILPRO®, which contribute to the resolution of social issues by improving cooking procedures and working environments and reducing delivery costs, we also continued our efforts to maintain selling prices. As a result, sales increased slightly compared to the previous year.
In our oilseed meals division, our sales exceeded figures for the previous year. Our volume of sales of both soybean meal and canola meal was down compared to the previous year. However the effect of a large-scale decline in the production of soybeans in Argentina maintained high prices in the Chicago soybean meal market with the result that selling prices were higher than the previous year.
As a result, our oils and fats business recorded net sales of 158,456 million yen (up 2.3% year-on-year), and segment profit of 4,919 million yen (up 102.3% year-on-year).
Net sales (100 million yen) 2016
2017
2018
Operating income (100 million yen) 2016
1,520 1,548
1,585
Investment in MEAL WORKS Co., Ltd. as a Base for Transmission of the Value of Oil
         2017
2018
Sales composition ratio
Results for fiscal 2018
43.9 24.3
49.2
􏰃 Household-use 17% 􏰃 Professional-use 55% 􏰃 Meals 28%
Voice Customer’s Voice
J-OILPRO® Premium Butter-Flavored Oil
J-OILPRO® Premium Butter-Flavored Oil is a new product in our butter-flavored oil series that went on sale in January 2019. It has the same aroma and mild taste as butter, and can be
used in the same ways as butter. This product has become extremely popular with our customers for its ability to easily reproduce the flavor of butter and the fact that as a liquid it is easy to mix and does not solidify.
Comment Comment from a Chef
J-Oil Mills’ Premium Butter-Flavored Oil tastes just like butter,
and can be used as a substitute for butter. It’s basically the same as normal butter, with its variety of uses. And because it doesn’t burn, it’s actually more convenient than butter. It pairs well with meat and fish, so you can use it in cooking that needs the flavor of butter, but because it’s a liquid oil, you can
also use it in cold dishes and sauces.
It’s an oil that really stimulates the creative imagination.
Kazushige Yamagishi
THE LUXE GINZA Restaurant Annoreve Director & Executive Chef
MEAL WORKS Co., Ltd. is a company that operates a group of restaurants bringing uncompromised taste to their customers, including the Thai restaurant Mango Tree, Coca Restaurant, Dancing Crab, and Toro. Meal Works seeks to provide a dining experience that will make its customers smile, to explore the potential of food made by hand, and to pursue the value of the truly authentic.
In March 2019, we invested in MEAL WORKS, and we are now jointly working to create value in oil.
          23  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 24
● Price-oriented sales strategy
● Expansion of olive oil market, acceleration of sales growth ● Increased sales of Cho Toku and J-OILPRO®
● Increase in meal price due to high prices in Chicago
market
 
Business Overview Outcomes of Value Creation
   Oil and Fat Processed Products Business
In our oil and fat processed products business, we handle margarine, shortening, and powdered oils and fats. Solid and powdered oils and fats offer a variety of functions and possibilities that are not available from their liquid counterparts. By generating proposals that incorporate the unique technologies and functions that we have cultivated over the course of our long history, we respond to the demands of our customers and challenge ourselves to create new value.
Fiscal 2019: Initiatives and Outlook ~Towards the Realization of Our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan~
In our household-use margarine business, we will continue to develop new products while firming up our business foundations with increased sales of Rama® products. In our professional-use margarine business area, we will further expand sales of high-value-added products, in addition to strengthening sales to bakeries and confectionery manufacturers, centering on the backaldrin® mix powders that we launched last spring. In our powdered oils and fats area, we will continue to develop products and expand into new fields, seeking to add further value.
By means of efforts such as the development of new products using J-Oil Mills’ own products and ingredients provided by Group companies, and the making of proposals to customers involving the enhancement of
Topics
Akira Naito
Executive Officer, Oils & Fats Processed Products Business
product applications, we will work both to create new value and assist in the resolution of social problems such as food waste and the realization of increased efficiency in cooking procedures.
  Looking Back on 2018: Our Business Results
As a result of increased sales of Rama® margarines on the back of enhanced sales promotion efforts and the pushing ahead of initiatives to increase productivity in our factories, we recorded increased sales and profits in the area of household-use margarine.
Net sales (100 million yen) 2016
132 2017 135
      In the domain of professional-use margarines, we
steadily increased sales of high-value-added products,
an area in which we have been advancing initiatives 2016 for some time. On the other hand, however, a slump in
the confectionary market due to intense summer heat, 2017 in addition to the effect of natural disasters such as earthquakes and typhoons, saw the market as a whole
fall below its performance in the previous year. Revenue
and profit also declined as a result of factors including a
steep increase in the price of the butter employed as an
ingredient in our core Grand Master® series brand.
In the area of powdered oils and fats, while we realized steady increases in productivity, a slump in sales saw us fall below our performance for the previous year.
As a result, we recorded net sales of 12,781 million yen (down 5.1% year-on-year). In part due to the increase in the prices of raw materials, we recorded a profit of 148 million yen in this segment (down 68.8% year-on-year).
Fiscal 2018 Results
● Strengthening of sales promotion activities for household-use Rama® brand products
● Expansion of range of high-value-added professional- use margarine products
● Reduction in sales of professional-use general- purpose margarine products
● Reduction in sales of powdered oils and fats
2018
128
5.1 4.7
􏰃 Household-use 19% 􏰃 Professional-use 58% 􏰃 Powdered oils and fats 23%
Commencement of Import and Sale of Ingredients for Bread-
and Confectionery-Making manufactured by backaldrin®
Impressed by the high nutritional value of backaldrin® products
and the fact that they employ natural ingredients, we commenced
importation and sale of five types of mix powder manufactured
by the company in February 2019. Founded in Linz, Austria, in
1964, backaldrin® is a manufacturer of ingredients for bread- and
confectionery- making. The company manufactures and markets
a wide range of products, including mix powders and improvers,
and is counted as one of the five largest comprehensive
manufacturers of confectionery and bakery materials in Europe.
In our oils & fats processed products business, J-Oil Mills has
worked up to the present to propose solutions to diverse customers, including confectionery and bread manufacturers and bakeries. By adding backaldrin® products to our lineup, we will further expand the range of proposals that we are able to make to our customers, enabling us to deliver even more diverse value.
Case Study Example of Value Creation
Mybrot: A Shortening That is Effective in Controlling Staling*
Labor shortages are also increasing in severity in the world of confectionery and bread manufacture, and the need for products that offer beneficial effects such as saving labor in production processes is increasing. A lack of skilled engineers is also a significant problem, and therefore the need for oil and fat processed products that make it possible to deliver products with a stable level of quality to customers is also increasing. It was against this background that we developed the Mybrot series of professional-use shortenings that are highly effective in controlling staling. As a result of the unique technologies that we have employed in this product, Mybrot is able to maintain the softness of bread and buns, extending their shelf life. Mybrot also contributes to the resolution of a variety of problems, for example, by reducing food waste.
Operating income (100 million yen)
  1.5
Sales composition ratio
2018
        25  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 26
* Staling: The process in which bread and similar products become harder over time

Business Overview Outcomes of Value Creation
   Foodstuffs and Fine Material Business
In our foodstuffs and fine material business area, we have developed a diverse range of products and ingredients, with a focus on grains and the benefits offered by the rare trace components inside them. At present we are further advancing research to enable us to offer diverse products that are of use in all aspects of our lives.
In our starch business, in addition to offering standard starch applications based on substances such as corn starch and tapioca starch, we also propose new possibilities, for example involving texture- improving ingredients, and our starches are employed in many
processed foods. Our fine material business supplies ingredients,
including vitamin E, vitamin K2, and isoflavone. In addition to these,
we also market unique products, including MAMENORI SAN®
edible soybean sheets. Our chemical business provides synthetic
resin adhesives for the residential construction industry, which are
widely used in a range of familiar applications. In addition, we are
engaged in the development of lectin and other substances that
have attracted attention as reagents in medical research and raw
materials for diagnostic agents.
Fiscal 2019: Initiatives and Outlook ~Towards the Realization of Our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan~
Our starch business sees us engaging in a broad range of proposal activities, making full use of the ability of the substances to further boost the functionality of food, for example by realizing juiciness, increasing richness, and improving texture. We are proposing the use of the high-water- absorbency texture improving agent NeoTrust® to bakeries and frozen food manufacturers, seeking to further expand its range of applications. In addition, we also intend to adopt an approach of contributing to the resolution of social issues such as food waste based on the product’s effectiveness in controlling the deterioration of food over time.
In our fine material business, we will seek to further expand US sales channels for our edible soybean sheets, which are already selling steadily, and we will also aim to increase production volumes by boosting production efficiency. Into the future, we will continue to contribute to the happiness of people throughout the world with a focus on natural and sustainable products.
In our chemicals business, the role to be played by plywood and other timber panels is becoming increasingly important with the advancement of the Basic Plan for Forest and Forestry and Biotechnology Strategy 2019,
Topics
Kunihiko Kondo
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer Food & Fine Materials
which are being promoted as a future national policy. In response to the demand for safe timber adhesives that offer peace of mind, we will work to expand sales of adhesives and paints for timber materials, in addition to promoting technological development. We will also focus efforts on establishing a stable supply system that takes future increases in demand into consideration through the construction of a new factory. In addition, seeking to further advance our chemicals business, we will also focus on initiatives including expansion of sales of adhesives for non-timber materials, anti-bacterial agents, research reagents, and the development of diagnostic agents.
   Looking Back on Fiscal 2018: Business Results
In our starch business, sales of corn starch for both food use and industrial use were steady. The proposal of solutions involving processed starches for restaurants and home meal replacement manufacturers also proved successful, which expanded the adoption of high-value- added products, and saw our starch business record slightly higher sales than the previous year.
In our fine material business, sales of fine products including vitamin E and vitamin K2 were steady, and our net sales figures were strong. Sales of our edible soybean sheets increased significantly against the previous year as a result of increased demand achieved through stronger cooperation with sales representatives in the US and the boosting of product performance by appealing to the vegan and gluten-free markets.
In our chemicals business, business was steady in the timber construction materials market, which represents our main sales destination. In response to increases in the price of raw materials originating in increased petroleum prices, we revised the selling price of our adhesives for timber construction materials in order to maintain our sales volume. As a result, net sales increased in this business sector against the previous year.
As a result of the above, we recorded sales of 14,095 million yen in this business segment (up 5.5% year-on- year), but due to a delay in the revision of prices of some products in response to increases in expenses for starch and chemical raw materials, we recorded a profit for the segment of 458 million yen (down 47.7% year-on-year).
Net sales (100 million yen) 2016
2017
2018
Operating income (100 million yen)
116
       2016 2017 2018
Sales composition ratio
3.7
134
141
8.8
Steady Sales of MAMENORI SAN® edible soybean sheets in the US
“MAMENORI SAN®” is a sheet-shaped, soybean protein-based
material for use in cooking. Approximately 90% of sales of the
product are overseas, with 50% in the US. MAMENORI SAN® also
ships to Canada, and more recently we have commenced shipments
to the Middle East and the EU. Since MAMENORI SAN® first went on
the market in the 1980s, sales have been propelled by the overseas
boom in sushi and Japanese cuisine restaurants, and it has become
a highly popular product. In North America in particular, the product’s
registered trademark has become well-known in the market and
been established as a brand. More recently, MAMENORI SAN® has come to be strongly supported by vegetarians, vegans, health-conscious individuals, and members of the millennial generation, and sales are expanding steadily.
Completion of New Chemical Factory
In May 2019, J-Chemical, Inc., a member of the J-Oil Mills Group, completed construction of an adhesives factory in Shizuoka City. The factory was originally constructed in 1959 by the (then) Honen Corporation, and manufactured adhesives for supply to customers, including plywood and board manufacturers, with a focus on the domestic market. The rebuilding of the factory will enable the company to flexibly respond to expanding demand for adhesives. Manufacturing efficiency as a base for the production of adhesives has been significantly increased, for example by introducing automatic control to the production lines in response to Japan’s shortage of labor power. The factory will contribute to the realization of J-Oil Mills’ vision of “Joy for Life” in the field of living environments.
 4.6
    􏰃Starch 38%
 􏰃 Fine materials, etc. 􏰃 Chemicals, etc.
6% 56%
      Fiscal 2018 Results
● Starch: Steady sales of food-use and industrial-use
starches
● Fine materials: Steady sales of MAMENORI SAN®
edible soybean sheets in the US
(Appeal to product strengths, expand sales area)
● Chemicals: Increased sales revenue due to revision of adhesive prices and increased sales
 27  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 28

Business Overview Outcomes of Value Creation
Performance Highlight
Financial indicators (Consolidated basis)
  Net sales
Operating income
Ordinary income
Net profit attributable to owners of parent
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investment activities
Net cash used in financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period
Total assets Net assets
Net assets per share Earnings per share Annual dividend per share
Dividend payout ratio Shareholders’ equity ratio ROE
ROA
Price-earnings ratio
􏰒 Net sales (Unit: Million yen)
Million yen Million yen Million yen Million yen Million yen Million yen Million yen Million yen
Million yen Million yen
Yen Yen Yen
% %
193,884
4,193
4,796
3,105
6,937
(3,016)
(4,434)
5,806 157,082
79,639 4,784.33
186.65
90.00 48.2
50.7
187,329
4,634
5,357
2,973
9,798
(5,320)
(4,249)
6,027 153,643
79,811 4,795.83
178.74
90.00 50.4
51.9
3.7
1.9
19.3
                3,830
(3,766)
(5,600)
(2,623)
 (11,066)
     5,631
2,839
2,407
      At the year-end
      164,925
153,642
147,688
     83,531
84,115
86,908
      Per share data
      5,019.67
5,107.63
5,276.75
       Management indicators
195.91
249.52
288.57
   90.00
90.00
90.00
            45.9
36.1
31.2
     50.6
54.7
58.8
     250 200 150 100
50
249.52
200 160 120
80
40
48.2
90.00
50.4
90.00
45.9
90.00
50 40 30 20 10
6 4 2
Fiscal 2014
% 4.0
% 2.0
Times 22.4
Fiscal 2016
4.0
Fiscal 2017
      Accounting fiscal year
    180,225
4.9
5.6
     2.0
2.6
3.2
     21.4
14.5
14.3
     8,000 193,884 187,329 180,225 183,361186,778 6,000
250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000
􏰒 Earnings per share (Unit: Yen)
5,468
5,663 4,749
􏰒 Operating income
􏰒 Net profit attributable to owners of parent (Unit: Million yen)
􏰒 Total assets 􏰒 Net assets
(Unit: Million yen)
200,000
150,000 157,082 153,643 164,925 153,642 147,688
           100,000 50,000 000
79,639 79,811
83,531 84,115
86,908
4,634
 4,000 4,193 3,105
4,0054,127 3,258
      2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
2,000
􏰒 Annual dividend per share / Dividend payout ratio
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
(Fiscal year)
5.6
4.9
3.2
2.6
(Fiscal year)
288.57
(Unit: Yen)
(Fiscal year)
(Unit: %)
􏰒 ROE 􏰒 ROA (Unit: %)
2,973
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
    186.65 178.74 195.91
36.1 90.00
31.2 90.00
4.0 2.0
3.7 1.9
4.0 2.0
    0000 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
(Notes) 1. Consumption tax, etc. is not included in net sales.
2. On October 1, 2016, J-Oil Mills merged ten common shares into one share. Figures for net assets per share, earnings per share, and the annual dividend per share have been converted based on the post-merger
standard.
   29  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
Unit
(Fiscal year) (Fiscal year)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
(Fiscal year)
Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2018
  183,361
186,778
   5,468
4,005
5,663
   5,832
5,137
6,326
   3,258
4,127
4,749
   6,066
6,572
13,075
 (10,294)
 New products information
Household-Use Oils and Fats
Perilla Oil and Flaxseed Oil
The market for premium oils such as perilla oil and flaxseed oil continues to display significant growth. In fiscal 2018, the market grew to such an extent that we recorded total sales of 17 billion yen. Nevertheless, despite the fact that perilla oil and flflaxseed oil have a high level of market recognition, the rate of sales remains low. We package these oils, which offer plenty of n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids sourced from perilla seeds and flflaxseeds, in small bottles that can be used up in three to four weeks. These products were developed jointly with OTA OIL CO. LTD.
Rama® Soft with Rice Bran Oil
This is a margarine made from ingredients containing 30% rice bran oil. Using our unique flflavor technologies,wehavecreatedamargarinewithalightbutteryflflavor.Theplainflflavorofthis margarine enhances the taste of bread, and can be used in a wide variety of dishes.
Karaage no hi no abur(a ThThe special oil for fried chicken )
The frequency with which Japanese customers cook fried food in their own houses is declining, but fried chicken remains a popular dish that frequently graces the tables, and its popularity is growing.
Karaage no hi no abura is a special oil that allows home users to achieve the flflavor of fried chicken they would once have had to go out for, simply by changing the oil they use–with no other changes in the kitchen.
Professional Use
Rice Bran Oil for Rice (For Rice Cookers)
Restaurants, home meal replacement manufacturers, and industrial food producers have recently faced a number of issues, including a shortage of labor power and spiraling costs. J-Oil Mills’ Rice Bran Oil for Rice (For Rice Cookers) coats each grain of rice with oil. This helps to prevent rice sticking to the pot, which contributes to reducing food waste and increasing the efficiency of cooking work. Since it is rice bran oil, it synergizes directly with rice, bringing out the inherent sweetness and taste.
Backaldrin® Products
Backaldrin® International is a highly popular European manufacturer of ingredients for breads and
confectionaries.
•KornMix: An excellent general-purpose mix that has a good nutritional balance and is rich in dietary fiber
• Vegipan: A blend of whole grains that provides an excellent nutritional balance with no yeast or lactose
• AroniaMix: A bakery mix that contains chokeberries (rich in vitamins and minerals) and realizes a vibrant purple color
• KurkumaMix: A bakery mix that contains turmeric and realizes a bright yellow color
• Viennese CakeMix: A cake mix characterized by its natural taste
                                      - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 30

 Materialities Report
J-Oil Mills’ Businesses and ESG Management
J-Oil Mills will seek to leverage the tangible and intangible assets and unique strengths that we have developed up to the present in contributing to the resolution of the diverse issues focused on by the SDGs through our business activities. In addition, we will actively contribute to the achievement of the SDGs by advancing CSV management that also attempts to realize corporate growth by enabling us to offer new value. Seeking to respond and adapt to the risks that are increasing with growth in the international community, we will also focus on the materialities (important issues) in our value chain, and continue to advance management practices that consider ESG, striving always to minimize the burden represented by our business activities.
   Overseas production regions
Distribution
Sales destination Professional-Use
● To restaurant and home meal replacement customers
Processing-Use
● To manufacturers of processed foods
(As a raw material for mayonnaise, margarine, etc.)
Household-Use
● To mass supermarkets, retail stores, etc.
To feedstock and fertilizer manufacturers
To brewers
 J-Oil Mills
Procurement of raw materials Manufacture (oilseed extraction) Products
     Main soybean-producing regions
● United States ● Brazil
● Argentina
Main canola seed-producing regions
● Canada ● Australia
Almost 100% of raw materials are imported
(Transported by large grain transport ships and tankers)
Extraction of oil from soybeans and canola seed
Extraction of lecithin and other trace components
Procurement of materials
Plastic bottles, cans, cardboard boxes, fuel, etc.
Oils and fats
Sale of soybean oil and canola oil as edible oils
Oilseed meals
Sale of pressing dregs as soybean meal and canola meal
                                  ● Harvests and crop conditions are affected by weather / climate change
    ● Implementation of CSR procurement with consideration of human rights and the environment
Four Domains of Materialities
● Creating diverse value in oil and food
● Contribution to society and the planet
● Creating an organization that allows us to mutually enhance our individuality and grow together
● Strengthening our management foundations
31  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 32
Business as a Whole
● Mitigation of and adaptation to climate change ● Enhancement of communication with stakeholders
● Contribution to and collaboration with local communities ● Reform of corporate culture
● Promotion of reform in work styles ● Diversity and inclusion ● Development of human resources ● Promotion of health management ● Strengthening of corporate governance ● Enhancement of risk management and promotion of compliance
● Purchase price is linked to international markets
● International markets are affected by food demand, production volume, crop conditions, speculation, etc.
● The exchange rate affects the cost of raw materials and fuel
【Domestic】
● Low-price-oriented Necessity for responses ● Population decline, Low birthrate, Aging population
Possibility of influx of cheap ● Effect of TPP livestock-related products
【International】
● Population growth and increased incomes
in emerging nations
to profit fluctuations
Possibility of decline in demand
Possibility of decline in demand for mixed feeds from livestock producers, and consequent decline in demand for meal
Necessity for response to decline in demand
● Sustainable resource use (Control of food waste)
● Reduction of environmental impact
(Reduction of CO2 emissions, reduction of plastic use)
● Food safety and security ● Stable food supply
● Development of products that contribute to the resolution of social issues
● Labor shortages
● Increase in
distribution costs
● Environmental regulations
● Declining birthrate and
aging population / Mature market
● Intensification of competition
● Low price orientation
● Effect of TPP
  Increased demand for Increase in demand for meals meat in emerging nations as ingredients in livestock feed
     ● Realization of increased distribution efficiency
● Reduction of environmental
impact/pollution from transportation
● Provision of optimal information regarding products
    ● Food safety and security
● Creation of taste and promotion of health ● Continuous enhancement of environmental
● Development and presentation of products that contribute to the resolution of social issues
● Sustainable resource use
      Materialities
● Sustainable resource use
● Enhancement of supply chain management
management system
● Pursuit of customer satisfaction
    Contribution to Realization of the SDGs
               ▲
▲
▲▲▲
▲
▲
Demands and
ESG Initiatives of J-Oil Mills Expectations External Risk Factors Value chains from Society

Materialities Report
Enhancement of Corporate Governance
J-Oil Mills is working to enhance its corporate governance, and to strengthen internal controls in order to improve its execution, seeking to realize honest and transparent management that wins the trust of our stakeholders.
Basic Approach Regarding Corporate Governance
Efforts to Strengthen Corporate Governance
Evaluation of Effectiveness of Board of Directors
J-Oil Mills conducts annual evaluations of the effectiveness of our Directors, seeking to further boost the effectiveness of our Board of Directors. In fiscal 2018, we continued to employ the evaluation method that we have used up to the present, conducting a signed questionnaire survey of all the company’s Directors and Auditors, holding discussions with Outside Directors and Auditors, and conducting interviews with our internal Directors. The results were then discussed by the Board of Directors.
The results of these evaluations showed that the effectiveness of our Board of Directors generally maintained a specific level, but that there had also been improvements compared to the previous evaluation in areas including overall optimization and the management of the Board. At the same time, new issues were recognized with regard to the functions and roles of the Board of Directors, and it was confirmed that in the future the Board would practice the PDCA cycle when conducting its work, seeking to realize a further increase in effectiveness.
Conducting Training for Officers
J-Oil Mills conducts training workshops for Directors and other Officers concerning subjects including important themes for the year and internal controls. In order to further improve this training, from fiscal 2016 we commenced training programs for executives and candidates for senior management (training for top management, training for newly-appointed Directors, and training for candidates for senior management positions).
In addition, as necessary we conduct training workshops for Outside Directors and Outside Auditors when they are appointed in order to explain the specific business and work procedures of each department, and we organize inspection tours of offices and other business locations.
J-Oil Mills’ Approach to Executive Remuneration
J-Oil Mills’ executive compensation system comprises fixed remuneration and performance-based remuneration. Standards and methods of calculation depending on the executive’s specific position are specified in our Executive Compensation Policy. Performance-based remuneration is made up of bonus payments and share- based compensation. With regard to the ratio of fixed and performance-based remuneration, the higher the position of the executive, the greater the proportion of performance-based remuneration that is set, given that the higher the position, the more significant the outcomes that are expected and the greater the responsibility is for company performance. The ratio of performance-based remuneration is 30-40%. The calculation of performance-
based remuneration takes into consideration company- wide performance evaluations and individual performance evaluations, and salary is calculated based on the ratio of performance evaluations, depending on position and role. Auditors and Outside Directors receive only fixed remuneration.
Promoting Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
In order to contribute to the realization of sustainable growth and the improvement of our corporate value over the medium- to long-term, we have established the following systems and are conducting the following initiatives in order to respond in a forward-looking manner and within a reasonable scope to the need to hold constructive dialogues with our shareholders.
(i) Constructive dialogue with shareholders is promoted by the Director in charge of the CSR/IR Department in cooperation with the President and the Director in charge of the Finance Department.
(ii) In conducting dialogues, the Finance Department, Corporate Planning Department, CSR/IR Department, and Corporate Administration and Corporate Governance Promotion Department cooperate on a daily basis in order to collect information from related departments including business departments and share it with the management cadre.
(iii) We hold briefing sessions concerning our financial results for securities analysts and institutional investors in May and November, at which we explain the details of our financial results, offer performance projections, and discuss the status of progress in our Medium- Term Business Plan. In addition, we hold facility tours and small meetings in order to promote greater understanding of our company from the stock market point of view. We also publish materials employed in our briefing sessions and the transcripts of Q&A sessions on our website as appropriate.
(iv) We strive to reflect the opinions and other information obtained from shareholders and investors through dialogue in the future management of our company, including by sharing them with the President and related Directors and Executive Officers, and as necessary reporting them at meetings of the Board of Directors.
(v) With regard to the management of insider information in dialogues with shareholders and capital markets, in addition to establishing and disseminating Prevention of Insider Trading Policy, we have established a Disclosure Policy in relation to the treatment of confidential information, and we work to conduct our operations in accordance with fair disclosure rules and other relevant standards.
  Corporate social responsibility is a key focus of the modern era, and the expectations of mature, 21st-century societies place on companies are expanding from the simple presentation of economic value to the presentation of social and environmental value. For J-Oil Mills, the fulfillment of our responsibilities in a broad range of areas including the economy, the environment, and society, and the realization of the sustainable development of our company, are the very foundations of our business management. At J-Oil Mills, we understand the importance of strengthening
● Overview of corporate governance
Company with Board of Corporate Auditors
the compliance and efficiency of our management by establishing and constantly enhancing management oversight and supervision systems and internal control systems in order to respond to the responsibilities that we have to our shareholders and other stakeholders. In addition, seeking to further boost the level of trust that society places in us, we will work to promote CSR management, strengthening our compliance system and risk management system.
 Organizational Form
 Chairman of the Board
 Number of Directors
 Number of Auditors
 Status of holding of Board Meetings (Record for fiscal 2018)
 Status of holding of Auditors’ Meetings (Record for fiscal 2018)
  Voluntary established committees corresponding to the nominating committee and the remuneration committee
 Appointment of Directors
 Appointment of Auditors
 Number of Independent Officers
 Decision on Remuneration
    Fuminao Hachiuma (President & CEO)
Nine (Five Outside Directors, including three Independent Directors) Four (Two Outside Auditors, including one Independent Auditor)
   Number of times ⇒ 18 Number of times ⇒ 24
Attendance rate ⇒ Directors: 98.1%, Auditors: 97.2% Attendance rate ⇒ 97.9%
  In order to increase the independence and objectivity of the functions of the Board of Directors and further enhance accountability, we have established a Remuneration Advisory Committee chaired by an Outside Director, which deliberates on the remuneration offered to Directors and Executive Officers and provides recommendations and advice to the Board of Directors, and a Nomination Advisory Committee, which deliberates on the appointment or dismissal of Directors and Executive Officers and provides recommendations and advice to the Board of Directors.
● Nomination Advisory Committee ⇒ 4 members (3 Independent Outside Directors and 1 Director)
● Remuneration Advisory Committee ⇒5 members (3 Independent Outside Directors, 1 Director, and 1 Outside Auditor)
Candidates are determined by the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Board of Directors, and are elected at the General Shareholders’ Meeting
Candidates are determined by the Board of Auditors and the Board of Directors, and are elected at the General Shareholders’ Meeting
3 Outside Directors and 1 Outside Auditor (*Independent Officers based on the rules of the Tokyo Stock Exchange)
Remuneration is decided by the Board of Directors based on the results of consultation by the Remuneration Advisory Committee, an advisory body for the Board
     ● Corporate Governance System (As of July 2019) Appointment/Dismissal
 Consultation Reporting
Appointment/Dismissal Auditing
Auditing Instruction/Reporting
Internal auditing
Evaluation of effectiveness of internal controls
Appointment/Dismissal Cooperation
Accounting audits Internal control system audits
General Shareholders’ Meeting
    Nomination Advisory Committee Remuneration Advisory Committee
Board of Auditors (Auditors/Outside Auditors)
Accounting Auditors
  Management decision-making Supervision
  Cooperation
Cooperation
 President & CEO
  Risk Management Committee
Oversees execution of business
Consultation
 Investment and financing Committee
   Instruction/Reporting
Management Meeting
 Ethical and Compliance Committee
  33
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 34
Oversees activities promoting the entrenchment of the company’s principles and Code of Conduct
Board of Directors (President & CEO/Directors/Outside Directors)
Decisions regarding important items related to business execution Review/Reporting
  Executive Officers
 Audit departments
    Group companies
Business execution departments

 Materialities Report
Board Membership Structure
(as of July 1, 2019)
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Yoshiharu Shiota
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Standing)
Satoshi Yoshida
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Standing)
Akira Nozaki
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Shuichi Ikeya
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent Director)
Executive Officers
Hiroshi Hattori
Managing Executive Officer Oils & Fats Business
Akihiro Uchiyama
Managing Executive Officer
Raw Materials Purchase, Oilseed Meal Sales
Ryo Tomizawa
Managing Executive Officer Solution Business
Atsushi Nagasaka
Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, President and CEO, NIKKA OIL MILLS CO., LTD
Kenichi Tatsumi
Executive Officer Special Assignment
Yuji Kodama
Executive Officer
Head of Shizuoka Plant, Production Strategy
Akira Naito
Executive Officer
Oils & Fats Processed Products Business, Powdered Oil
Tomozumi Ishibashi
Executive Officer
Supply Chain Control Center
Hiroshi Amano
Executive Officer Overseas Business
Jun Utsumi
Executive Officer
Osaka Office, West Japan Sales
Masashi Endo
Executive Officer
Representative Director, President and CEO, J-PACK，INC.
Yoshihiro Miyagawa
Executive Officer
Corporate Planning, CSR・IR, Corporate Administration & Corporate Governance Promotion
Kenichi Watanabe
Executive Officer  Food Design Center
Akio Ohishi
Corporate Executive Officer Human Resources Development
Shigeru Ono
Executive Officer
Tokyo Office, East Japan Sales
Koyu Furukawa
Executive Officer
Oils & Fats Business Planning
Toru Horiuchi
Executive Officer
Finance, Information Systems
Takuji Senda
Executive Officer Business Development
Takeshi Ashida
Executive Officer Nagoya Office
Nobuyuki Sugisawa
Executive Officer Business Planning
Masata Mitsuiki
Executive Officer
Technical Strategy Center, R&D Planning & Strategy Section, Intellectual Property
  Board of Directors Career Summary, Position, Area of Responsibility, and Major Concurrent Posts
From left: Yugo Ishida, Masaya Tochio, Eizo Matsumoto, Hiroko Koide, Fuminao Hachiuma, Katsuo Zento, Yutaro Shintaku, Kunihiko Kondo, and Yoichiro Endo
 Fuminao Hachiuma
Representative Director, President and CEO
Katsuo Zento
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer Sales & Marketing
Kunihiko Kondo
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Food & Fine Materials, Oil and Fat Processed Products
Yutaro Shintaku
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Yugo Ishida
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Apr. 1983 July 1998
June 2013 June 2015
June 2015
Joined Ajinomoto Co., Inc. Representative Director, President
and CEO, P.T. AJINOMOTO SALES INDONESIA
Executive Officer, Ajinomoto Co., Inc. Managing Executive Officer, Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Representative Director, President and CEO, J-OIL MILLS, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1981 June 2003 June 2005 June 2015
Joined Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Director, Ajinomoto Oil Mills Co., Inc. Executive Officer, J-OIL MILLS, Inc. Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, J-OIL MILLS, Inc. (to present)
Apr.1981 July 2004 June 2007
June 2016 June 2018
Joined Honen Corporation
Director, J-CHEMICAL, Inc. Representative Director, President and CEO, J-CHEMICAL, Inc.
Director, J-OIL MILLS, Inc.
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, J-OIL MILLS, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1979
Jan. 1999 June 2010
June 2017 June 2017 June 2017 Mar. 2018 Apr. 2018
Joined JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
Joined TERUMO CORPORATION Representative Director, President and CEO, TERUMO CORPORATION Advisor, TERUMO CORPORATION (to present)
Outside Director, Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (to present)
Outside Director, J-OIL MILLS, Inc. (to present)
Outside Director, Kubota Corporation (to present)
Visiting Professor of Hitotsubashi University Business School (to present)
Apr. 1979 Nov. 1997
Apr. 2004 Apr. 2005
Apr. 2008 Apr. 2009 June 2011 Jan. 2014
June 2019
Joined Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Representative Director and President, Nomura Italy S.I.M.p.A
Executive Officer, Nomura Holdings, Inc. Director, President and CEO, Nomura Europe Holdings plc
Managing Executive Officer, Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Executive Vice President, Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Director, COO and President, Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd. Representative Director and President, LAZARD JAPAN ASSET MANAGEMENT K.K. (to present)
Outside Director, J-Oil Mills, Inc. (to present)
Eizo Matsumoto
Director, Managing Executive Officer Production & Technology
Masaya Tochio
Yoichiro Endo
Hiroko Koide
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Apr.1986 Apr.2015
June 2017 June 2017
Joined Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Deputy Director General for Science, Technology and Innovation, Cabinet Office Joined J-OIL MILLS, Inc.
Director, Managing Executive Officer, J-OIL MILLS, Inc. (to present)
Outside Director
Apr. 1983 June 2011
June 2013 June 2016 June 2017
Joined Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Executive Officer, General Manager, Corporate Planning Dept., Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Director, Managing Executive Officer, Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Outside Director, J-OIL MILLS, Inc. (to present)
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Ajinomoto Co., Inc. (to present)
Outside Director
Apr. 1988 Sept. 2007
June 2018
Joined MITSUI & CO., LTD. Representative Director, President and CEO, MITSUI & CO., Principal Investments LTD.
Outside Director, J-OIL MILLS, Inc.
Sept. 1986 May 1993 Apr. 2001 Apr. 2006 Apr. 2008 Nov. 2010 Apr. 2013 June 2016 Apr. 2018 June 2019 June 2019
Joined J. Walter Thompson Japan K.K. (currently J. Walter Thompson Japan)
Joined Nippon Lever K.K. (currently Unilever Japan K.K.)
Director, Nippon Lever K.K. (currently Unilever Japan K.K.)
General Manager, Marketing Management Unit, Masterfoods Ltd. (currently Mars Japan Limited) Chief Operating Officer, Masterfoods Ltd. (currently Mars Japan Limited)
Representative Director and President, Parfums Christian Dior Japon K.K.
Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Newell Rubbermaid Inc. (U.S.) (currently Newell Brands Inc. (U.S.)) Outside Director, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation (to present)
Director, Vicela Japan Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (to present)
Outside Director, J-Oil Mills, Inc. (to present)
35  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 36

 Materialities Report
Outside Director’s Message
This year will be my third year as an Outside Director for J-Oil Mills. In this position of oversight over the company’s management, I have been working to maximize corporate value. Nowadays, as society’s demands on companies increase, we need to push ahead with reform of our corporate activities. From this fiscal year, J-Oil Mills has increased its number of independent Outside Directors by one; the company now has three independent Outside Directors, representing one-third of its total number of Directors. Of a total of nine Directors, the majority, five people, are now Outside Directors. This is an extremely important reform when taking corporate governance into consideration, and I personally will be seeking to fulfill my duties with an even stronger sense of responsibility from now on.
The industrial world today is facing a diverse range of challenges. Under these circumstances, J-Oil Mills will contribute to the achievement of the SDGs by committing to our materialities. Nevertheless, we need to rethink our business activities based more closely on the perspective of social problems in the future. For example, I believe that J-Oil Mills’ long-lasting oil product makes a significant contribution to the environment compared to ordinary deep-frying oils, even when considered across the entire value chain. In addition to this, as Japan faces the issue of an increasingly severe labor shortage, this product reduces the labor involved in replacing oil, and also aids the labor performed by those engaged in kitchen duties. In the future, it will be important for us to pursue businesses of this type, which are effective in the resolution of social issues.
From the perspective of human-resource development, it will be essential for us to continue to facilitate the active participation of women in the company this year as we did last year. This fiscal year, Ms. Hiroko Koide was appointed as J-Oil Mills’ first female Director. In addition, the ratio of female managers has been increasing in line with our vision of empowering women through the Cassiopeia W Project. As there is demand for the promotion of the active participation of women in the workplace, I believe that J-Oil Mills’ efforts in this area, including the appointment of Ms. Koide as a Director, will send an important message to our broad range of stakeholders.
I believe that the strengthening of initiatives in the area of ESG and the improvement of ROE will be essential to boosting value for shareholders.
Yutaro Shintaku
Outside Director (Independent Director)
A food company needs responsible actions in every supply chain. J-Oil Mills has long continued in its efforts to conserve energy and to reduce CO2 emissions and waste at each of its factories. At J-Oil Mills, we will reconsider these factory-level efforts and expand them into company-wide environmental activities at our headquarters, R&D centers, and sales offices.
Human rights are another crucial initiative, to be respected at every stage of business activities. J-Oil Mills is a member of the RSPO (Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil), and it deals in certified oil. We will engage in a total effort including onsite inspections and supplier audits as part of our procurement of raw materials in order to create a solid level of traceability in the future.
As the domestic market in Japan is shrinking, we will place greater emphasis on the perspective of added value. New value will be created in the process of responding to the demands of society. By pursuing added value in this way, J-Oil Mills will surely end up benefiting both society and itself. Furthermore, we must accelerate our expansion of overseas business more actively. However, I believe that the company faces a large number of challenges with regard to the development of overseas human resources. Going forward, we must encourage younger employees to be more actively engaged, sharing the focus with mid-level employees.
Turning finally to J-Oil Mills’ business performance, favorable market conditions and the expansion of its lineup of high-value- added products have seen the company significantly improve its revenue and profits. In addition, ROE has also shown a major improvement. However, it has not yet achieved the level expected by the stock market. The fact is that due to our innate business characteristics as a manufacturer of oil and fat products, we face elements of uncertainty as a result of the effect of volatility in the prices of raw materials. While strengthening the company’s management of volatility, we intend to boost its cost control capabilities and allocate its management resources to fields that are expected to grow, such as high-value-added products and overseas businesses. I believe that by maximizing its business performance, J-Oil Mills will improve its ROE, and that this will lead to an increase in value for its shareholders.
 37  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
Newly Appointed Outside Directors’ Messages
  Yugou Ishida
Outside Director (Independent Executive)
Currently I am working for one of the US asset management companies in Tokyo. Prior to that I worked in Bahrain, Hong Kong, Milan and London at a Japanese investment bank and an asset management company. During that time I accumulated knowledge of the investment theses of global investors. At the same time I dealt with a lot of corporates and learned from them that a key point in management is to have strategies based on information acquired globally and to execute those strategies with good governance by a group of talented and diversified people. I also found that risk management is also quite important in order to maintain the health of the company, which I learned through events from the '80s to date such as the stagnation of the Japanese economy following the bubble era, Black Monday, the Asian Crisis and, more recently, the Global Financial Crisis.
These days, investors are expecting higher rates of return from equity investments because of the ultra-low interest rates throughout the world. While we are contributing to society through edible oil production and distribution under our corporate philosophy, “Joy for Life,” we can also contribute as a listed company to all stakeholders through capital appreciation of our stock and the paying of stable dividends by achieving sustainable profit growth together with resolving issues in the environment and society.
Institutional investors around the world are managing the funds of pension organizations, mutual funds and insurance money with long-term perspectives to support retired people, those who are ill or injured from accidents and individual investors’ savings. We can contribute to the better performance of pension fund management, capital adequacy of insurance companies and wealth creation of individuals by becoming a company worthy of investment. As an independent director, I will do my best to respond to the expectations of shareholders and stakeholders by using the knowledge that I have acquired from my business and the experience.
Reason for Appointment
Mr. Ishida has been engaged in corporate management as well as involved in finance in Japan and overseas at security companies and asset management companies, and has abundant experience and insights related to capital market and corporate management. Accordingly, the Company judged that Mr. Ishida will be able to take a role of making important decisions and supervising business execution as Director, and nominated him as a candidate for Outside Director.
Hiroko Koide
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Over the last 30 years, I have been engaged in marketing, innovation development, and general management in various global consumer goods companies, based in Japan, Asia, and the US. I have experience in the food business through working in a global chocolate company. As I greatly enjoy both cooking and eating, it is my supreme pleasure to have the opportunity to be involved with a company producing oils and starches, which are essential to our lives. Seeking to maximize J-Oil Mills’ corporate value, I am fully committed to fulfilling my duties as an Outside Director and contributing to the realization of continuous growth of the company.
The food industry is currently in the midst of a major transition. Beyond merely ingesting the necessary nutrients and enjoying delicious tastes, consumers have come to demand safety, traceability, sustainability, environmental friendliness, and even health functionalities in food. In addition, the need for high-value-added products and wider variety of choices is increasing as a result of changes in the lifestyles of consumers and the diversification of their preferences. In order to maximize the corporate value into the future, it is extremely critical for J-Oil Mills to answer the following key questions:“How can J-Oil Mills break away from its role as a manufacturer of oils and fats and redefine the meaning of its existence as a company?”; ”Can we create innovations not only in products, but also in manufacturing, supply chains and environmental management by adopting different perspectives?”; and “How can we contribute to Japanese society and the world through the promotion of a richer and healthier food culture?”
At this moment of transformation of the company, I want to bring my experience and outside perspectives to the table in order to help activate and enrich the discussion in Board meetings.
In addition, as J-Oil Mills’ first female Director, I am committed to actively supporting the company’s diversity program and initiatives to promote diversity of age, gender, background and other attributes of its employees, as well as contributing to the invigoration and development of its human resources.
Reason for Appointment
Over the last 30 years, Ms. Koide has held various executive roles in global marketing, brand development, and general management in international companies. With her wealth of experience and expertise in global business management, we have judged Ms. Koide to be well qualified to assume the position of Outside Director and have appointed her to that role.
   - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 38

Materialities Report
Enhancing Risk Management
Our Initiatives in the Area of Risk Management
We recognize the importance of the correct identification, evaluation, and management of risks for a company’s ability to realize sustainable growth. J-Oil Mills has built a risk management system that centers on the Risk Management Committee, which is chaired by the President and meets three times a year. Via measures including the compilation of interim reports concerning risks, including company- wide risks and priority risks for each of our headquarters, and the conducting of fiscal year-end evaluations, we are engaging in the PDCA cycle to enable us to conduct appropriate risk management.
Understanding of Risks
J-Oil Mills responds mainly to risks in the following 12 categories as we conduct our business:
1 Risks related to procurement of raw materials for oil extraction
2 Effect of the price of raw materials and exchange rates
3 Import duties
4 Factors causing a decline in demand for oils and fats and meal products
5 Declining and aging population in Japan
6 Potential risks associated with overseas expansion 7 Natural disasters
8 Spread of infectious diseases
● Main Business-Related Risks and Our Responses
● Risk Management System
Risk Management Committee
Promoting Compliance
Comprehensive Compliance
For the J-Oil Mills Group, “compliance” does not end with compliance with laws and regulations–it also refers to behavior that encompasses natural corporate ethics and respect for social norms on the part of the Group as a member of society. Seeking to be an entity that always maintains the trust of society, the Group works to realize comprehensive compliance from every employee.
In addition, we also conduct a variety of training and other programs in order to increase awareness among our employees, including regarding the prohibition of child labor, the prohibition of transactions with organized crime groups, and the prevention of corruption by ensuring that involvement with politics and administrative entities is sound. By these means, we ensure that the actions of all employees maintain absolute respect for compliance.
With regard to power harassment in the workplace in particular, which is today becoming a social issue, in fiscal 2018 we conducted CSR training for all employees, and in fiscal 2019 we positioned power harassment as the most important theme for the Ethical and Compliance Committee. We are working to create a comfortable working environment by means of initiatives including the formulation of a message from the President concerning “Prevention of Power Harassment in the Workplace” and the holding of ongoing in-house training programs.
System for the Promotion of Compliance
J-Oil Mills has established an Ethical and Compliance Committee chaired by an executive appointed by the President. The Committee has been established in order to verify that corporate behavior conforms to the J-Oil Mills Code of Conduct and J-Oil Mills Principles. The Corporate Behavior Committee numbers senior staff members of each of our divisions and representatives of labor unions among its members. By sharing information concerning the issues faced by each division in the Group in addition to making improvements and conducting reviews via this committee, we are moving ahead with the strengthening of compliance.
J-Oil Mills
Action Guidelines
In order to create Oishisa and happiness,
● We will be interested in the world, think for
ourselves, and get moving!
● We will transcend all barriers, and mutually multiply our strengths.
● We will constantly challenge ourselves, learn from failure, and keep trying.
J-Oil Mills
Code of Conduct
1. Provision of safe, high-quality products, and services
2. Fair and free trade
3. Communication with society
4. Information management
5. Efforts to preserve the environment, save resources, and save energy
6. Contribution to society
7. Creation of a comfortable workplace
8. Responsibility to shareholders and investors
9. Relationship between individual employees and the company
10. Handling of intellectual property rights 11. International trade
Improvement and Expansion of Internal Reporting System (Helpline)
J-Oil Mills has established an internal reporting liaison system to help us prevent or rectify any instances of actions that violate social norms or corporate ethics. We have established liaison windows both inside and outside the company; reports can be made anonymously, and we have a comprehensive system in place to protect whistleblowers. In addition, in fiscal 2018, during CSR training we again explained the internal reporting system, and ensured that employees were thoroughly aware of the obligation to make a report if they knew of any action that violated the J-Oil Mills Code of Conduct, or that they were concerned might do so. In fiscal 2018, eight reports were made to our internal and external liaison windows. Five of these reports concerned harassment, while three concerned other issues.
      Priority company-wide risks
Each headquarters Priority risks for each department
PDCA cycle
Secretariat
Affiliates
Priority risks for each department
PDCA cycle
1 Food safety
2 Effect of information leaks, unauthorized access, etc.
1 Laws and regulations
2 Environmental regulations
             Projected Risks
Since the J-Oil Mills Group sources the soybeans and canola seeds that represent our main raw materials overseas, our raw materials costs are affected by overseas grain markets. Grain market prices can fluctuate significantly as a result of factors including the weather and the balance of supply and demand. In addition, because we procure our raw materials overseas, we are affected by exchange rates when we settle payments for the materials. Additionally, the cost of maritime freight fluctuates due to factors such as the state of the world’s economy and oil prices. Furthermore, when meal prices decline, oil costs increase. When the increased costs associated with the abovementioned fluctuations in grain prices, exchange rates, freight costs, and meal prices cannot be passed on to our prices, our earnings can come under pressure.
Our Responses
 Effect of the price of raw materials and exchange rates
   Natural disasters
In the event of a large-scale earthquake or other natural disaster, the Group’s business performance and financial status may be affected by factors such as damage to production facilities or the interruption of our business activities.
   Effect of information leaks and unauthorized access
The Group has put appropriate security measures in place, for example by establishing a stable system for the operation of our computer systems and practicing thoroughgoing information management. However, there is a possibility that incidents such as unauthorized access or the spread of a computer virus that exceed our projections may result in information leaks or the alteration of data, and this may affect the Group’s business performance and financial status.In procuring raw materials (grains) and oils that we purchase from overseas, we adopt the position that we believe offers us a competitive advantage while considering the accuracy of product sale prices within the scope of raw material purchase regulations and forward exchange contract regulations. At the same time, we are able to hedge to a certain extent by means of futures pricing and forward exchange contracts. In addition, in our sales activities, we communicate the status of different market prices and conduct appropriate price negotiations.
Our Business Continuity Plan (BCP) has been formulated up to the present based on the assumption of the damage caused by a large-scale earthquake. However, given the increasing frequency of flood damage caused by typhoons and heavy rain, we intend to revise our BCP in order to strengthen our ability to respond to natural disasters other than large earthquakes.
In addition to monitoring the status of management of confidential documents within the company, once a year we conduct information management education programs for our employees via e-learning. In addition, we are also working to reduce risks, for example by strengthening our monitoring of cyber-attacks from outside the company.
  39  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 40

To enable us to consistently deliver safe, secure, and high-quality products and services to our customers, J-Oil Mills has established management systems for every process, from the importation of raw materials, through manufacture, to packaging and shipping, and we work constantly to increase quality. All of our production bases have received certification in the international standards of ISO9001 (Quality Management) and ISO22000 (Food Safety Management), and our Business Management and Product Development Departments newly acquired ISO9001 certification in fiscal 2018.
With regard to the number of nonconformities indicated by external review organizations in fiscal 2018, we received two notifications in relation to quality management for our production bases and four for our Business Operations and Product Development Departments, in addition to two notifications in relation to food safety management. We have completed corrective measures for all of these nonconformities, and we have either maintained or acquired certification. In fiscal 2019, we will work to expand ISO9001 certification to other departments.
In addition, we are moving ahead with efforts to further enhance infrastructure related to quality assurance. We will progress with system-building from fiscal 2019, looking towards the operation commencement of a centralized quality information system allowing rapid management of the latest information.

The entry into force of the Food Labeling Act has made it mandatory to display nutrition information on processed foods (household-use products). Additionally, some rules have been changed, making it easier for consumers to understand food labels. We are revising our labeling as necessary based on the food labeling standards presented by the Food Labeling Act that went into effect in April 2015.
In addition, we will keep a close watch on information from the government regarding labeling in relation to genetic modification and additives, and we will collaborate with industry bodies and Group companies in order to realize food labeling that is both safer and easier to understand.
We also publish information regarding household-use products on our website, including the region of origin of raw materials, information on the manufacturing plant as indicated by the unique plant code, and information on genetically modified crops.

We intend to introduce a “Customer’s Voice System” to our Customer Liaison Office in order to further strengthen communication with our customers. In this system, we will (for example) enhance the store search function, enabling us to quickly provide information on retail stores to customers who are searching for our products. In addition, we will be able to quickly share information with production departments, reducing the amount of time required to respond to questions and inquiries. Preparation for the system was completed in fiscal 2018, and fiscal 2019 will see us making the final adjustments, looking towards fully- fledged operation.
Together with the “Customer Liaison Office Inquiry Form” on our renewed website, this will make it easier in future for customers to offer us their opinions, and we will also be able to quickly provide customers with even more information. This will enable us to create mechanisms that allow us to develop products and provide services that are even easier to use and offer even greater value.

We have steadily reduced CO2 emissions at our production bases through multi-faceted energy-saving activities, including energy conservation efforts, the installation of co- generation equipment, and the sourcing of energy from other companies. In fiscal 2018, the degree of reduction that we achieved declined as a result of an increase in refrigeration and air-conditioning loads due to the intense summer heat, but we continued to review conditions in our production processes, looking towards the achievement of our goal of realizing a 45% reduction in CO2 emissions in 2020 against figures for 1990. As a result, we steadily progressed in our efforts to reduce our power consumption and use of steam, reduce heat loss, and upgrade to high-efficiency equipment.
In the past, we focused on formulating targets for the reduction of CO2 emissions from our production bases, but we are currently formulating company-wide targets that include not only our production divisions, but also our headquarters, sales divisions, and R&D divisions. In all of our offices including our headquarters, in tandem with reform of our workstyles, we are currently actively advancing measures that include reduction of meetings and overtime work, use of satellite offices, promotion of telecommuting, operation of a teleconferencing system, and efforts to realize paperless offices, in addition to raising the awareness of all employees. We have also commenced initiatives related to the calculation of Scope 3 emissions, seeking to understand CO2 emissions produced by our own company as well as throughout our supply chain, incorporating all of our business activities.
One of our teleconferences
From fiscal 2019 onwards, we will prepare for the setting of new medium- to long-term targets, looking towards the formulation of our next medium-term plan. In addition, we will expand the scope of our acquisition of environmental information, reconsider our calculation methods, and increase the accuracy of our data in order to influence our suppliers and our customers to take more concrete environmental action.
Sustainable Use of Resources
Maximizing the Efficiency of Our Use of Resources (Zero Emissions)
Our production bases have achieved outstanding results in the areas of reduction of waste and reuse of resources in particular, and we have now realized zero emissions. In fiscal 2018, we again realized our target, proceeding with efforts to turn waste into marketable resources at our Yokohama Factory and other production bases, and realizing a recycling rate of 99.98%.
Going forward, we will continue to reduce the amount of energy, raw materials, water and other resources that we use, in particular in our production divisions, work to reduce waste, and promote recycling. In addition, in the same manner that we reduce CO2 emissions, we will promote behavior that considers the reduction of waste in areas of our Group other than our production divisions. Our entire company will work as one to both preserve and improve the global environment, while actively introducing the use of renewable energy.

Reducing Our Use of Plastics
The horrendous effect of waste plastic on marine life in the oceans of the world has shocked the entire world. For some time, J-Oil Mills has been actively working to reduce the amount of plastics that we use in packaging and containers. In collaboration with container manufacturers, we are working to reduce the weight of the polyethylene and PET bottles that we employ for our main household-use oil and fat products. In addition, we are using biodegradable plastics for the cap seals on some of our products. We significantly reduced the volume of plastic employed for our Ajinomoto Oil for Deep-Frying Day, which we launched in fiscal 2018, by using pouches that employ vapor deposition barrier technology and increase storage life. In addition, we are employing bioplastics derived from sugarcane (biomass), for which we have received an Eco Mark.
In January 2018, we formed a company-wide committee to compile “Guidelines for Containers and Packaging.” In future, in addition to making efforts to develop containers that are easy for our customers to use, we will actively work to develop materials and containers that consider the global environment.

In fiscal 2017, we revised our CSR Procurement Guidelines for Business Partners. In making these revisions, we reconsidered the content of the guidelines in light of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Sustainable Sourcing Code and ISO 20400 (Sustainable procurement – Guidance). We clarified our perspectives in relation to issues that are being emphasized today, such as human rights and the environment, and made items related to the sustainable procurement of raw materials more independent. In addition, we expanded the scope of our purchase of raw materials, logistics from our previous approach focusing on suppliers of materials.
Based on our CSR Procurement Guidelines for Business Partners, in fiscal 2018 we once again shared our beliefs regarding CSR with our business partners, and conducted exchanges of opinion towards the realization of mutual increase in corporate value. In addition, at our CSR Procurement Department Meeting (held annually), we discussed requests from our business partners and issues related to sustainable procurement.

Seeking to create even higher-quality products in cooperation with our business partners, J-Oil Mills conducts quality audits. Our Quality Assurance Department visited 19 factories belonging to manufacturing contractors, including overseas factories. In these audits, after gaining an understanding of the factory’s quality assurance system and manufacturing processes, we check the quality assurance system, the status of quality management, and the status of responses to past quality issues. We not only check documents – we visit the site of manufacture directly, conducting discussions with our manufacturing contractors in order to mutually boost our quality. We also conducted 40 audits of business partners that handle raw materials and packaging.
In addition to conducting quality audits, we are also studying new materials together with the manufacturers of container materials, working on issues such as plastics, which have currently become such a problem.

Towards Sustainable Procurement of Palm Oil
Palm oil extracted from oil palm fruit is an essential oil in our lives. However, the palm oil production process involves a range of issues, including deforestation and the consequent loss of biodiversity, human rights issues for workers, and conflict and corruption for local residents.
In 2011, we joined the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) to enable us to conduct responsible procurement of palm oil. Our Yokohama Factory acquired SCCS certification in January 2015, allowing it to handle certified palm oil. In fiscal 2018, we shipped 1,267 tons of certified palm oil (the total amount that we have handled is approximately 69,000 tons). In addition, in fiscal 2018 we confirmed the traceability of our main suppliers to palm oil refining companies. In future, we will actively work to promote the use of certified palm oil, with the goal of achieving a 100% rate of certified palm oil by 2025.
Enhancing Inspections in Overseas Regions of Origin
The majority of the raw materials that we use are grains grown overseas or products that have been commercialized locally. Because of this, we are enhancing our inspections in the regions of origin of our raw materials. On the ground, in addition to verifying the status of crop cultivation, the staff of our raw materials divisions exchange opinions with growers and other partners regarding
the issues and risks related to society and the environment that they face in their respective regions.

As a company with production bases throughout Japan, we value our relationship with all regions of the country.
Our Wakamatsu Factory, located in Kitakyushu City, Fukuoka Prefecture, offers tours to elementary school students and their parents or guardians, as part of the “Exploring Food Safety” event organized by the city’s health care center every summer vacation. By explaining how we maintain food safety through the process of manufacture of our MAMENORISAN® edible soybean sheets and our oil and fat products, we communicate the importance of food by offering the opportunity to actually consume the product.
In addition, we regularly conduct community-based cleanup activities at our production plants throughout the country.

J-Oil Mills engages in food education activities, making use of our rich knowledge and experience in the field of oil. Since fiscal 2016, we have been participating in the “Summer Vacation Homework and Free Study Operations,” and our in-house master olive oil sommelier conducts tastings, guiding elementary school students and their parents and guardians in the history of olive oil and differences in taste between oils. In this way, we help to foster interest in different foods.

Activities to provide Support in Disasters
In fiscal 2018, a number of natural disasters occurred throughout Japan. In July 2018, together with the Ajinomoto Group, we made donations to areas affected by heavy rain in west Japan and by the East Iburi earthquake in Hokkaido. Separately, our Group (including labor unions) also made donations to Kurashiki City, where our Kurashiki Factory is located.
Community Olive Education Activities
Our company is seeking to find the best direction for the olive oil industry in Japan, and as part of these efforts we conduct support activities that contribute to local food and agriculture. The Kobe Olive Farm Recovery Project, which commenced in fiscal 2018, has seen us tending olive seedlings, in addition to holding three olive oil seminars at olive-related events held by Kobe City and a local NPO for local citizens involved in planting the seedlings. We will continue to cooperate in these events into the future.
We also entered into a business partnership with Tokyu Corporation and Izukyu Holdings Co., Ltd., and in October 2019 we participated in the Izu Mirai Olive Project organized by the two companies on the Izu Peninsula. As a company that leads the olive oil market, we evaluate olive oils (both sensory evaluations and physical and chemical analyses), possess advanced techniques for storage and filling, have knowledge of the effective use of meals produced in the manufacturing process, and possess a wide sales network. Using all of these assets, we are seeking to further promote
the cultivation of olives in Izu and the branding of Izu olives. Going forward, we will continue in these efforts as a company that grows together with the
region.

Two-way Communication with the Market, Improvement of the Quality and Frequency of Information Disclosure
We are working to enhance our IR and SR activities in order to increase the reliability of our management and boost our corporate value over the medium to long term. As part of these efforts, we established a CSR and IR department in July 2019, creating a more robust system of information disclosure that integrates IR, PR, and CSR. From fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2019, we will actively hold dialogues with our stakeholders in order to further increase trust.
Similarly, we are actively engaging in PR activities. From
fiscal 2018, we increased the frequency of our release of
information, and commenced publication of a new newsletter.
Going forward, we will seek to increase our corporate value
through the active dissemination of information.
(We disseminate new information as news releases, and other information that we wish to communicate in newsletters).

Dialogue with NPOs
As a company, we engage with our diverse stakeholders through dialogue. In August 2018, we conducted a dialogue with organizations that seek to promote the sustainable procurement of palm oil, exchanging opinions regarding the best direction for its procurement. We also regularly exchange opinions with NPOs. Going forward, we will continue to take the opinions of diverse stakeholders seriously, and will strive to fulfill our responsibilities as a member of society.

Reform of Our Corporate Culture
In order to adapt to a rapidly changing external environment and continue to evolve, a company must possess an open environment in which every individual is able to freely express his or her opinions. Seeking to realize our vision of “Joy for Life,” J-Oil Mills is encouraging employees to translate our principles of action into personal goals to enable their realization. These are: Spirit of exploration, Spirit of challenge, Creativity, Sincerity, Coexistence, and Love for oil. We have also commenced efforts to introduce a system in which employees are able to make free use of any desk as part of our work style reforms, creating an environment that promotes mutual communication among our employees.
In attempting to become an open organization, we are also using a “Linkage Board” (an in-house bulletin board) to provide opportunities for communication between employees, and “Yammer” (our internal SNS) as a forum for the sharing of internal information.
Further, by means of the introduction of a year-round business casual dress code and a movement for more casual modes of address (removing the name of the addressee’s job position), we are promoting a corporate culture with no sense of distance between employees and between them and management.

Promoting Diverse Work Styles (Work-life Balance)
In addition to focusing our energies on the development of human resources, J-Oil Mills is promoting diverse work styles for our employees, and promoting work style reforms by introducing new initiatives that will increase work satisfaction.
Up to the present, as part of our efforts to reform work styles, we have introduced a variety of systems in order to enable diverse working styles.
In fiscal 2018, we encouraged employees to take paid leave in exchange for long working hours, established “no overtime” days, expanded the range of workplaces using flextime, introduced a super flextime system, and introduced flexible office systems (working from satellite offices, working from home, etc.). The number of users of these various systems is increasing. Going forward, we will implement more activities to ensure that our employees are aware of flextime and our flexible office systems, promoting systems that enable employees in a variety of circumstances to flexibly continue working.
As an initiative towards the appropriate management of working hours, since April 2018 we have conducted appropriate management of total working hours by linking PC log-in and logout times to our system. In fiscal 2018, average total working hours were 1,961.0 hours, and overtime hours per person were 17.5 hours per month. The rate of acquisition of paid leave increased to 69.7%. In fiscal 2019, we will advance countermeasures by conducting analyses regarding working hours for each of our business divisions while also proceeding with reforms towards flexible work styles.
Our rate of employment of workers with disabilities, however, was below the rate stipulated by law in fiscal 2018. Seeking to exceed the stipulated rate, we will take an active approach, for example by reexamining the scope of disabilities in our recruitment activities.

Promotion of Participation by Women
The Cassiopeia W Project, which we launched in 2018 in order to promote greater participation by women in the workplace, entered its second term in fiscal 2019. We call within the company for team members to advance the project, and have gathered together a diverse group of women of differing ages, job types, and career orientations. The theme of the project for fiscal 2019 will be to “Believe in your potential and take a step forward,” in order to make both life and work more enjoyable. To realize this goal, we want to enhance women’s ownership of their careers (career support system, training for women prior to taking up management positions, etc.) and create mechanisms and systems of
education that build networks both within and outside the company (women’s workshops, etc.). And by actively engaging in initiatives such as conducting unconscious bias training for superiors and providing childcare support for male employees, we will seek to realize diverse work styles (not limited exclusively to advancing women’s participation) and promote understanding of the situation around them in our employees.
Enhancement of Childcare and Nursing Care Support System
We have been aiming to improve the various systems we have in place in these areas, enabling us to systematically balance work with childcare and nursing care for our employees. Our childcare leave system allows leave to be taken until the end of April in the year that the child turns 1 year old, and our system allowing work hours to be reduced for childcare can be used until the end of the fiscal year in which the child enters their third year of elementary school. Nursing care leave can be taken for a maximum of 14 months per eligible family member, and the system of reduction of working hours for nursing care can also be used. In addition to this, we are also working to enhance a variety of systems and mechanisms that provide support for flexible work styles that respond to the individual’s specific circumstances, such as introducing systems enabling paid leave to be taken in units of hours and a work-at-home system.
In fiscal 2018, our rate of return to work from childcare leave was 80%. We are also intending to introduce a work- at-home system for employees who have been forced to leave work for reasons such as marriage, the transfer of their spouse, or the need to provide nursing care, seeking to create a work environment that enables more flexible work styles.

Promoting Health Management
Our employees are the driving force enabling us to achieve stable growth over the medium to long term. Adopting a solid emphasis on ensuring that our employees are able to continue working in good health, both mental and physical, we are promoting health management. To date, we have advanced a variety of initiatives, including employee health checks and stress checks and the continuous monitoring of results, in addition to the mounting of health campaigns in cooperation with health insurance societies. We have also conducted employee awareness surveys and implemented training of our executives based on the results. We share the scores for each of our departments and conduct activities that seek to resolve problems in our organization. 

Health and Safety
J-Oil Mills has worked to improve occupational health and overall safety, at the level of individual worksites, throughout the Group, and at affiliates that perform work at our factories, through convening a variety of meetings and committees including a Quality and Environmental Safety Conference and Health and Safety Committees, and conducting a range of activities. In addition to lecture-based safety education, we also offer training for employees in the factory workplace that involve simulated experience of accidents that might lead to injuries, such as getting caught in machinery or tripping and falling. In fiscal 2018, we experienced three accidents that led to employees spending four or more days away from work. We intend to advance initiatives aiming to realize zero workplace accidents by increasing sensitivity to danger among our employees and ensuring that they thoroughly perform basic operations.

Seeking to realize our corporate vision, “Joy for Life,” we have revised our personnel systems for employees and management.
For employees, the philosophy of our system is “Individual-oriented career formation.” Under this banner we seek to respect each individual and allow them to sketch out a vision for their career and realize it, and we have also enhanced our education system to support the realization of these goals.
In our management personnel system, we have introduced the concept of “Change Leaders” who continue
to evolve. Our aim is to allow the individual to continue to flexibly evolve their own strengths in line with changes in the environment and the development of technology, rather than simply growing along the trajectories that were normal in the past.
In addition, we have introduced a Career Development Program (CDP) for both employees and managerial positions. From August 2018 we have enabled employees to form autonomous careers by filling in a career design sheet and clarifying the image of the person they wish to become via an interview with a superior.

Materialities Report
Data (Non-financial Data) Non-financial indicatorsUnitFiscal 2014Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018Employees     Unit
Fiscal 2014
Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018        Environment        Number of employees (Non-consolidated)
Female
Average age
Female
Male
Number of employees in management positions
Female
Male
Ratio of women in management positions
Male
Number of employees leaving the company*1
Ratio of employees with disabilities*2
Number of employees making use of the childcare leave system
Number of employees taking nursing care leave *3
Paid leave acquisition rate
Total annual work hours
Frequency rate of accidents resulting in lost worktime *4
Persons
Persons
Years
Years
Years
Persons
Persons
Persons
%
Persons
Persons
%
Persons
Persons
%
Hours
Frequency rate
951
154
42.6
41.6
16.9
258
3
62
1.2
12
15
1.99
11
1
71.5
1,960.8
0.395
948 953
158 157
43.0 43.0
41.8 42.1
17.5 17.8
235 259
3 10
60 70
1.3 3.7
15 11
12 10
2.37 2.38
10 8
1 2
68.6 64.9
1,965.1 1,955.5
0.395 0.790
985 1,012
170 183
43.1 43.5
41.4 41.4
17.5 17.8
298 284
15 15
70 77
5.0 5.2
26 12
16 18
2.06 2.01
7 5
4 6
63.0 69.7
1,969.2 1,961.0
0.790 1.185
Quantity of raw materials consumed
Volume of CO2 emissions *6
Volume of water resources consumed *7
Volume of waste generated (Production bases)
Volume of emission and transfer of specified chemical substances
CSR expenditures
Thousand tons
k t- CO2 Million m3 Thousand tons Tons Million yen
1,683 1,673
177 177
14.3 13.1
39 37
12 7
6 8
1,678
1,739
1,680
           Male
Persons
797
790 796 815 829
Purchased electricity
Million kWh
10,438
9,937
8,543
6,521
6,406
           164
162
162
           Non-Japanese employees
Persons
0
0000
CO2 emissions per unit of production *6
t- CO2/Tons of refined oil
0.28
0.29
0.26
0.24
0.25
           12.6
12.8
13.0
           Male
Years
42.7
43.2 43.4 43.4 43.9
Volume of wastewater
Million m3
11.6
10.6
11.1
11.3
11.6
           39
43
39
           Years of continuous employment
Years
16.6
17.2 17.4 17.0 16.9
Recycling rate (Production bases)
%
99.99
99.98
99.99
99.99
99.98
           11
       Female
Years
15.1
15.6 15.6 14.5 13.9
          25
27
8
 27
7
   Social contribution
         Male
Persons
255
232 249 283 269
         Managers at the level of department chief or above
Persons
62
60 71 71 78
Main non-financial indicators Paid leave acquisition rate
(%)
(Fiscal year)
Total annual work hours
(Hours)
1961.0
2018
        Female
Persons
0
0111
  71.5 67.75
72.00
1,975
1,965
1,955
0
         Number of new graduates recruited
Persons
15
21 13 35 19
     63.50 59.25 55.00
63.0
2017
1960.8
68.6
2015
64.9
2016
69.7
2018
1965.1
1969.2
2017
      Female
Persons
3
6297
        Turnover rate of new graduates within three years
0
4.8 0 - -
  2014
2014 2015
1955.5
2016
(Fiscal year)
    *2: As of the end of March each year.
in lost worktime per one million working hours. *5: The severity of accidents is expressed by the number of days of lost worktime per one thousand working hours.
*1: Does not include employees taking mandatory retirement.
*4: One day or more of lost worktime. Excludes accidents while commuting. The frequency of accidents is expressed by the number of deaths and injuries in accidents resulting
55  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 56
*3: Number of employees taking nursing leave for children.
*6: Figures for the previous fiscal year (following adjustment for carbon credits) are employed for the CO2 emissions factors for electric power companies.
*7: Since fiscal 2018, the volume of seawater has been added to the volume of water resources consumed. The volume of seawater is calculated based on some theoretical values.
We will strive to further improve work-life balance for our employees by continuing to promote work style reforms, which will lead also to a greater rate of acquisition of paid leave.
Reducing total annual work hours and increasing productivity are important issues for us. Going forward, we will continue to advance efforts in these areas.
    Number of employees making use of the reduced working hours for childcare system
Persons
22
24 21 23 20
    Volume of CO2 emissions
(k t- CO2)
(Fiscal year)
Volume of water resources consumed / Volume of wastewater
(Million m3)
􏰒Volume of wastewater 13.0
    Ratio of employees returning to work following childcare leave
%
100
100 100 100 80
  180
170
160
150
15
10
5
0
14.3
􏰒Volume of water resources consumed
    177 177
2014 2015
13.1
12.6
2016
12.8
11.3 11.6
           Number of employees taking caregiving leave
Persons
0
0111
         164
2016
162
2017
162
2018
2014 2015
2017 2018
(Fiscal year)
11.6
11.1
10.6
     Hours of overtime worked per person
Hours/ Month
16.1
16.1 16.3 16.8 17.5
        Number of work accidents (Four days or more of lost worktime)
Accidents
1
0212
      For some time, our production divisions have been engaged in reviewing their overall energy efficiency and reducing their CO2 emissions. Going forward, we will continue to advance efforts in these areas.
Going forward, we will continue to advance efforts to realize sustainable use of water resources.
    Severity rate of accidents resulting in lost worktime *5
Severity rate
0.011
0.000 0.007 0.107 0.087
    
Fiscal 2018 Business Results and Financial Analysis
Management Policy and Issues
(1) Basic management policy
The J-Oil Mills Group formulated its Corporate Philosophy, “Joy for Life–To make life tasty and fun,” in October 2017. In February 2019, “Joy for Life” became the Group’s Corporate Vision.
(2) Company management strategy
Based on its Corporate Philosophy, J-Oil Mills has formulated its Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan, which spans four years from fiscal 2017.
In the first two years of our Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan, we worked to strengthen our management base, including our HR system, governance, internal controls, information system, and quality assurance. Accompanied with reform of our corporate culture, entrenchment of our Corporate Philosophy at its core is underway. We advanced a growth strategy centering on the realization of increased added-value of products. In addition, we created management resources by means of structural reforms; the selection, consolidation of businesses, the realization of increased efficiency and sophistication in our supply chains.
In the latter two years of the plan, these initiatives, we will continue to advance these initiatives seeking to establish a foundation for sustainable growth. In addition, we will promptly verify our hypothetical growth projections looking towards 2030, and move ahead with efforts focusing particularly on strengthening our management foundations.
I Growth Strategy
1 Expand high-value-added product lineups in each business segment
2 Strengthen the solutions business in B to B market 3 Accelerate overseas expansion into Asia
4 Enhance profitability of commodity oil products
II Structural Reform
1Advancement of efforts to increase efficiency and sophistication of value chain
2 Optimization of production sites from medium- to long- term perspective
3 Selection and consolidation, realization of increased efficiency
III Strengthening of Management Foundations
1 Enhancement of corporate governance
2 Promotion of ESG management linked to advancement
of business plan
IV Entrenchment of Corporate Vision / Reform of Organizational Culture
V Financial Strategy
1 With an emphasis on ROE and ROA, realization of an optimal balance between capital efficiency and financial soundness taking the company’s rating into consideration, while also pursuing enhanced corporate value
2 Enhancement of ability to create cash flow
3 Promotion of continuous capital cost management
4 With regard to shareholder returns, maintenance of a
dividend payout ratio of at least 30%
(3) Management indicators set as targets
We have already realized our 5.0% target for ROE, recording a figure of 5.6% in fiscal 2018. Going forward, we will strive to achieve further increases in capital efficiency. Going forward, we will strive to achieve further increases in capital efficiency.
a loss on disaster from typhoon 21 damage at the Kobe Factory.
As a result, we recorded the following business results for the fiscal year under review: net sales were ¥186,778 million (up 1.9% year on year), operating profit was ¥5,663 million (up 41.4% year on year), ordinary profit was ¥6,326 million (up 23.1% year on year), and profit attributable to owners of parent was ¥4,749 million (up 15.1% year on year).
Total assets at the end of the fiscal year under review were ¥147,688 million (down ¥5,954 million year on year), total liabilities were ¥60,779 million (down ¥8,747 million year on year), and total net assets was ¥86,908 million yen (up ¥2,793 million year on year).
Segment profit (loss)
(Oils and fats business)
In the oils and fats segment, sales increased as the Company strengthened the marketing of high- value-added products and enhanced the profit structure. Sales volume of household-use oils and fats fell year on year as the Company endeavored to maintain selling prices of canola oil and other products. However net sales increased year on year, partly due to a contribution from increased sales of olive oil and new products. Net sales of professional-use oils and fats increased slightly compared to previous fiscal year, as demand shifted from commodity products and selling prices were maintained. Also Cho Cho Toku Toku, J-OILPRO®, and other products were contributed as solutions to improve customers’ operations and resolve social issues, such as improving labor conditions and reducing delivery costs. In the oils and fats segment, selling prices of soybean meal increased year on year as Chicago market prices of soybean meal trended at high levels on significant reductions in production in Argentina, however sales volume declined year on year. Selling prices of canola meal increased year on year, but sales volume declined year on year. Net sales in the oilseed meals segment increased year on year.
As a result of the above, net sales for the oils and fats business were ¥158,456 million (up 2.3% year on year), segment profit was ¥4,919 million (up 102.3% year on year), and segment assets was ¥113,526 million (down
¥7,528 million yen from the end of the previous fiscal year), owing to better market conditions and the success of the Company’s sales strategy of prioritizing prices.
(Oil and fat processed products business)
In the margarines segment, net sales of products for household use increased year on year owing to the Company’s efforts to change the packaging of Rama® Butter- Flavored Margarine and focus on sales promotion activities. Net sales of Pro products declined somewhat year on year, despite efforts to increase sales of high-value- added products, including Gran Master® Primeran Pallets. In the powdered oils and fats segment, net sales declined significantly year on year.
As a result of the above, net sales was ¥12,781 million (down 5.1% year on year), but segment profit was ¥148 million (down 68.8% year on year) and segment assets was ¥10,766 million (up ¥54 million from the end of the previous fiscal year), owing partly to rising ingredient prices.
(Foodstuffs and fine material business)
In the starches segment, net sales increased somewhat year on year, owing to efforts to increase sales of corn starch for food product use and B to B use. In the fine materials segment, net sales was steady on strong exports of fine materials. Net sales of SOY sheets increased significantly year on year as the sales area in the US expanded, and demand increased from the Company’s promotion of its gluten-free qualities. In the chemicals segment, net sales increased year on year due to price revisions to timber adhesives implemented, and efforts to maintain sales volume.
As a result of the above, net sales for the foodstuffs and fine material business was ¥14,095 million (up 5.5% year on year), but delays to price revisions for certain products resulted in segment profit of ¥458 million (down 47.7% year on year) and segment assets of ¥12,043 million (down ¥532 million yen from the end of the previous fiscal year).
<Overview of Financial Position>
(Current assets)
Current assets as of the end of the fiscal year under review decreased by ¥3,769 million to ¥70,883 million. The major increase was notes and accounts receivable – trade
 Fiscal 2020 targets
Overview of Fiscal 2018
215,000 million yen or more 8,000 million yen or more 3.5% or more 5.0% or more
 Consolidated net sales
 Consolidated operating profit
 Operating profit to net sales
 ROE (Return on equity)
        57  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 58
<Overview of Business Results>
In fiscal 2018, sales and profits increased, due to solid performance of the oils and fats business under favorable conditions in the meal market resulting from the drought in Argentina, expanded sales of high-value-added products, and the effect of revisions to the selling prices of oil and fat products implemented from fiscal 2017.
In addition, extraordinary gain and losses included a gain on sales of non-current assets from the sale of land made idle by the reorganization of production sites, and

Fiscal 2018 Business Results and Financial Analysis
of ¥2,971 million. The major decreases were cash and deposits of ¥431 million, inventories of ¥5,687 million, and other current assets of ¥624 million.
(Non-current assets)
Non-current assets as of the end of the fiscal year under review decreased by ¥2,177 million to ¥76,745 million. The major decrease was property, plant and equipment of ¥2,053 million, including sales of idle land.
(Deferred assets)
Deferred assets as of the end of the fiscal year under review were ¥59 million, decreasing by ¥7 million due to the amortization of bond issuance cost.
(Current liabilities)
Current liabilities as of the end of the fiscal year under review decreased by ¥8,543 million to ¥31,854 million. The major increase was other current liabilities of ¥2,224 million, including accounts payable – other. The major decreases were notes and accounts payable – trade of ¥2,142 million and borrowings of ¥9,150 million.
(Non-current liabilities)
Non-current liabilities as of the end of the fiscal year under review decreased by ¥203 million to ¥28,924 million. The major decrease was long-term borrowings of ¥200 million. (Net assets)
Net assets as of the end of the fiscal year under review increased by ¥2,793 million to ¥86,908 million. The major increase was retained earnings of ¥3,390 million. The major decrease was valuation difference on available-for- sale securities of ¥672 million.
<Overview of Cash Flows>
Cash and cash equivalents for the fiscal year under review decreased by ¥431 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥2,407 million.
Net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal year under review increased by ¥6,502 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥13,075 million. This was mainly due to a decrease in inventories and an increase in accrued consumption taxes.
Net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year under review increased by ¥1,143 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥2,623 million. This was mainly due to a decrease in purchase of property, plant and equipment.
Net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year under review decreased by ¥5,465 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥11,066 million. This was mainly due to an increase in repayments of short-term borrowings.
Fiscal 2019 Outlook
In fiscal 2019, the Company shall continue focusing its efforts on priority issues set forth in the basic policies of the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan. For the growth strategy of “expansion of high-value-added products and acceleration of expansion of our solutions business,” sales and profits have both grown steadily, and we shall take steps to further strengthen our efforts in these areas. In addition, in regard to “acceleration of expansion into Asia,” we shall focus management resources as we take steps to strengthen our efforts. For the “profitability improvement of commodity oil products,” we aim to improve profitability by revising the prices of oil and fat products, against a backdrop of rising costs such as distribution and energy expenses, from June 2019 onward. Furthermore, in terms of structural reforms, we shall make all our value chains more efficient and sophisticated, while also promoting measures to reduce costs by optimizing our production sites. We shall also strengthen our management base and develop human resources to support these initiatives, and accelerate our efforts as we look to achieve our targets in fiscal 2020.
Based on the above, our outlook for consolidated business results is as follows: net sales of ¥190.0 billion, operating profit of ¥6.5 billion, ordinary profit of ¥6.9 billion, and profit attributable to owners of parent of ¥5.4 billion.
<Basic policy on profit allocation and dividend policy>
The Company’s basic policy is to endeavor to maintain a stable return of profits to shareholders, while also allocating profits in a stable, appropriate manner from a long-term perspective, including securing the necessary internal reserves for strengthening the Company’s position and actively developing the Company’s businesses. Under the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan launched in fiscal 2017, the Company aims to maintain a consolidated dividend payout ratio of more than 30%. In fiscal 2018, dividends of ¥90 per share was paid annually. In addition, for the
distribution of surplus in fiscal 2019, the Company intends to pay an annual dividend of 100 yen per share, an increase of 10 yen.
In regard to the uses of internal reserves, the Company shall utilize these funds effectively for investment to contribute to enhancing corporate value, as we aim to strengthen our profit structure and management foundations.
<Business risks>
The main risks that could affect our business results or our financial status are as follows:
(1) Risks in relation to the management environment
1 Procurement risk in relation to procurement of raw materials for oil extraction
Our oil manufacture business, which is the J-Oil Mill Group’s core business, procures 100% of the soybeans, canola seeds and other raw materials for oil extraction overseas. Severe conditions in the procurement environment are ongoing. In addition to an increase in demand for plant oils due to economic development and population increase in emerging nations such as China and India, other factors that affect the procurement environment include demand for plant oils for use in biofuels, and an influx of speculative funds due to low interest rates worldwide. If demand for the grains that represent our raw materials continues to increase into the future, it is possible that risks to the stable supply of products could further increase.
2 Effect of raw material prices and exchange rates Since the soybeans, canola seeds and other main raw materials used by the J-Oil Mills Group are procured overseas, our raw material costs are affected by overseas grain market prices. Grain prices fluctuate significantly due to factors including the weather and the balance between supply and demand. Given that we procure them overseas, the settlement of raw material fees is affected by exchange rates. In addition, maritime freight costs fluctuate as a result of the effect of the global economy and fuel prices. Furthermore, if meal prices decline, oil costs increase. If we are not able to pass these increased costs due to fluctuations in the price of grains and meals, exchange rates, the cost of maritime freight, and other market factors to our prices, then our profits may come under pressure.
3 Import duties
Tariffs are imposed on imports of soybean oil and canola oil, which are the Group’s main products. The status of negotiations regarding a future economic partnership agreement (EPA) and free trade agreement (FTA) with the US (which advocates “permanent withdrawal” from the Trans-Pacific Partnership [TPP]), and with the World Trade Organization (WTO) are unclear, but tariffs on soybean and canola oil produced in Canada and Australia will be reduced in stages, and there is a risk that an influx of cheap products from overseas will reduce selling prices in the domestic market, causing a decline in sales volumes of domestically manufactured products.
4 Factors affecting decline in demand for oil and fat/
meal products
If tariffs on livestock and milk products are reduced in the future for some reason, it is possible that the domestic livestock and dairy farming industries could be severely impacted by an influx of cheap products from overseas. In addition, there is also the possibility that the domestic livestock and dairy farming industries could be severely negatively affected by the spread of infectious livestock diseases such as foot and mouth disease and avian influenza. In this case, there is a risk that sales of soybean meal and canola meal for use in mixed stock feeds could decline. In addition, the volume of consumption of oil and fat products may decline due to factors such as a decline in the amount of opportunities to cook food using oil at home, an increase in diets that reduce oil and fat intake, and the spread of cooking methods that do not use oil.
5 Declining birthrate and aging population in Japan Japan’s birthrate continues to decline, and the nation’s population continues to age. If these trends continue unchanged, there is a risk that a decline in demand will shrink the market, leading to a reduction in our product sales volume. Seeking to minimize the effects of these trends, we will adopt measures such as developing new products that respond to changes in demand, for example as a result of greater awareness of health with an increasing senior population.
6 Potential risks associated with overseas expansion The Group is working to expand its overseas businesses as a priority issue. Unexpected revisions of laws, regulations,
 59  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 60

Fiscal 2018 Business Results and Financial Analysis
Consolidated Financial Statements
As of March 31, 2018
As of March 31, 2019
 Assets
      As of March 31, 2018
As of March 31, 2019
 Liabilities
      and tax systems, political and social risks such as conflict and terrorism, and the potential occurrence of natural disasters, may all affect the Group’s business results or financial status.
7 Natural disasters
In the event of the occurrence of a large-scale earthquake, typhoon, or other natural disaster, damage to production facilities, the suspension of business activities, or other negative outcomes may affect the Group’s business results or financial status.
8 Spread of infectious diseases
The occurrence of an infectious disease such as a new form of influenza and its development into a global pandemic may affect the Group’s business results or financial status.
(2) Risks associated with business activities
1 Food safety
In order to firmly ensure food safety, the J-Oil Mills Group obtains documentation from its raw material suppliers guaranteeing that they do not violate related laws and regulations, including the Food Sanitation Act, the Food Labeling Act, the Act for Standardization and Proper Labeling of Agricultural and Forestry Products, and the Health Promotion Act, and we also conduct checks within the Group. In addition, we are operating systems to make doubly sure, for example by verifying the traceability of imported raw materials. However, if unforeseen safety issues occur throughout society as a whole, it may affect the Group’s business results and financial status.
2 Effect of information leaks or unauthorized access The J-Oil Mills Group is implementing appropriate security measures in relation to its information assets and computer systems, for example through the establishment of operational systems and the practice of comprehensive information management. However, information leaks or the alteration of data as a result of unauthorized access or infection by computer viruses that exceed our projections may affect the Group’s business performance or financial status.
(3) Laws, regulations and other risks
1 Laws and regulations
In addition to the Food Sanitation Act, the Food Labeling
Act, and the Act for Standardization and Proper Labeling of Agricultural and Forestry Products, the Group conducts its business under a variety of legal regulations including environment- and recycling-related laws and regulations and anti-monopoly regulations. The advancement of ESG management is the Group’s management policy, and we operate our business on the basis of efforts to comply with laws and regulations. However, restrictions on our business or other negative outcomes as a result of changes or additions to laws and regulations that could not be predicted may affect the Group’s business performance or financial status.
2 Environmental regulations
The Group has acquired ISO14001 certification at all of its factories, and in addition is working to operate its business with consideration of responses to environmental laws and regulations at the national and local government levels and the prevention of environmental problems. In the future, the cost burden in relation to the environment may increase as a result of environmental laws and regulations or the strengthening of initiatives to improve the environment, and this may affect the Group’s business performance or financial status.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Current assets
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Raw materials and supplies Allowance for doubtful accounts
Non-current assets
Buildings and structures, net
Land
Construction in progress
Total property, plant and equipment
Investments and other assets Long-term loans receivable Deferred tax assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total non-current assets
Bond issuance cost Total assets
33,981 19,915 (4)
14,529 21,173 1,641 61,271
2 35 (134) 78,922 67 153,642
Current liabilities Short-term borrowings Income taxes payable Provision for bonuses
Other
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings Deferred tax liabilities
Provision for share-based remuneration for directors and other officers
Retirement benefit liability
Other 861
(Million yen)
2,600 392 1,012
13,524
6,740 1,968
131 3,328
717 60,779
31,633 (1,081)
19 (299)
67 147,688
Consolidated Financial Statements
  Cash and deposits
2,856
2,425
Notes and accounts payable - trade
14,796
12,654
36,953 15,614 (3)
14,237 19,599 2,308 59,217
0 213 (125) 76,745 59 147,688
10,950 1,429 888
11,299
6,940 2,034
69,527
31,633 (1,079)
(120) (262)
54 153,642
Merchandise and finished goods
14,543
13,156
Current portion of long-term borrowings
1,000
200
Other
3,361
2,737
Accrued consumption taxes
34
1,436
Total current assets
 74,652
  70,883
 Provision for bonuses for directors and other officers
-
34
Property, plant and equipment
Total current liabilities
 40,398
  31,854
 Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net
21,570
20,716
Bonds payable
12,000
12,000
Leased assets, net
1,913
1,800
Lease obligations
1,706
1,597
Other, net
443
 556
 Provision for retirement benefits for directors and other officers
17
17
60 3,091
Intangible assets
 976
 1,529
Provision for environmental measures
98
78
Investment securities
15,435
14,544
Long-term leasehold and guarantee deposits received
2,319
2,344
Retirement benefit asset
652
627
Total non-current liabilities
 29,128
  28,924
 Other
683
736
Total liabilities Shareholders’ equity
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Deferred gains or losses on hedges Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Non-controlling interests Total liabilities and net assets
 Net assets
     Total investments and other assets
 16,674
  15,998
 Share capital
10,000
10,000
Deferred assets
  Retained earnings
38,324
41,714
Total deferred assets
 67
  59
 Total shareholders’ equity
78,878
82,266
 Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
5,456
4,784
Foreign currency translation adjustment
108
69
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
 5,182
  4,574
 Total net assets
 84,115
  86,908
  61  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 62

Fiscal 2018 Business Results and Financial Analysis
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Income
(Million yen)
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Profit before income taxes
Impairment loss
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Increase (decrease) in provision for retirement benefits for directors and other officers
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in provision for environmental measures
Interest expenses
Loss (gain) on sales of non-current assets
Subsidy income
Factory restructuring cost
Loss on disaster
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade payables
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes
Subtotal 8,208 Subsidies received - Payments for factory restructuring (262) Income taxes (paid) refund (2,246)
Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 91 Purchase of intangible assets (627) Proceeds from sales of investment securities 4,240 Proceeds from sales of membership - Long-term loan advances (3) Decrease (increase) in time deposits (16)
Cash flow from financial activities
Repayments of long-term borrowings (1,000) Redemption of bonds (12,000) Net decrease (increase) in treasury shares (702) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (5,600)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (2,791) Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from inclusion of subsidiaries in consolidation -
(Million yen)
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
 Net sales
 183,361
 186,778
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
 Cash flows from operating activities
        Cost of sales 153,098
Selling, general and administrative expenses 26,257 29,155 Non-operating income
Dividend income 974 441
Miscellaneous income 138 123 Non-operating expenses
Commission expenses 24 23
Total non-operating expenses 185 166 Extraordinary gain
Gain on sales of investment securities 3,251 91 Gain on sales of memberships - 0 Total extraordinary gain 3,274 698 Loss on sales of non-current assets 3 -
Impairment loss 1,686
Factory restructuring cost 328 32 Provision for environmental measures 9 - Total extraordinary losses 2,325 808
Income taxes - current 2,295 1,361 Total income taxes 1,942 1,455 Profit attributable to non-controlling interests 16 11
6,086 6,215 1,686 4 263 52 (382) - 93 55 8 (19) 123 102 (2) (477) - (129) 328 32 - 312 1,792 5,696 (1,343) (2,145) (1,074) 2,072 14,968 74 (29) (2,181)
151,959
Depreciation
4,917
4,976
Gross profit
 30,262
  34,819
 Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
(2)
(10)
Operating profit
 4,005
  5,663
 Decrease (increase) in retirement benefit asset
(71)
24
Interest income
0
0
Increase (decrease) in provision for share-based remuneration for directors and other officers
60
71
Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method
203
262
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses for directors and other officers
(32)
34
Total non-operating income
 1,317
  829
 Interest income and dividend income
(974)
(442)
Interest expenses
123
102
Share of loss (profit) of entities accounted for using equity method
(203)
(262)
Miscellaneous expenses
37
 40
 Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
(3,268)
(91)
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
288
458
Ordinary profit
 5,137
  6,326
 Bond issuance cost
8
7
Gain on sales of non-current assets
6
477
Decrease (increase) in trade receivables
1,559
(2,959)
Gain on sales of shares of subsidiaries and associates
16
-
Decrease (increase) in claims provable in bankruptcy, claims provable in rehabilitation
(1)
-
Subsidy income
-
 129
 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable - other, and accrued expenses
(2,050)
1,784
Extraordinary losses
  Other, net
400
 (395)
 Loss on retirement of non-current assets
288
458
Interest and dividends received
 1,003
 469
4
Interest paid
(130)
(102)
Loss on valuation of membership
5
0
Payments associated with disaster loss
-
(123)
Loss on disaster
-
312
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
  6,572
  13,075
 Loss on cancellation of leases
4
 1
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment
 (6,980)
 (3,988)
Profit before income taxes
 6,086
  6,215
 Payments for retirement of property, plant and equipment
(452)
(241)
Income taxes - deferred
(353)
 93
 Purchase of investment securities
(20)
(71)
Profit
 4,144
  4,760
 Proceeds from capital reduction of subsidiaries and associates with consideration
-
135
Profit attributable to owners of parent
  4,127
  4,749
 Decrease (increase) in short-term loans receivable
(0)
(4)
Collection of long-term loans receivable
3
3
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(Million yen)
2,027 (598) 115 0 (0) -
(1,000)
-
(2) (11,066) (611) 179
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
  (3,766)
  (2,623)
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
 Profit
 4,144
 4,760
   Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings
 (2,100)
 (8,350)
Other comprehensive income
Deferred gains or losses on hedges (157)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax 145 (36) Total other comprehensive income (1,357) (605)
Comprehensive income attributable to
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 18 13
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
(1,382)
(649)
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
11,926
-
140
Repayments of lease obligations
(223)
(213)
Foreign currency translation adjustment
3
3
Dividends paid
(1,501)
 (1,500)
 Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method
33
 (62)
 Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
 2
  2
 Comprehensive income
 2,786
  4,154
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
 5,631
  2,839
 Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent
2,768
4,141
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
  2,839
  2,407
  63  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 64

Company Information
Company Overview (As of September 1, 2019)
Third-Party Opinion
   Name Head office
Established
Common stock Securities code number
J-OIL MILLS, Inc.
St. Luke’s Tower, 8-1 Akashi-cho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, 104-0044, Japan TEL: +81-3-5148-7100 (Front desk)
July 1, 2004 10 billion yen 2613
Business
1. Production, processing, and sales of oils and fats and oilseed meals
2. Production, processing, and sales of starch
3. Production, processing, and sales of various foods
4. Production, processing, and sales of feedstuff and fertilizer
5. Sales of food-production machinery
6. Warehousing, harbor and land transport, and land transport agency business
For the past several years, the level of involvement of top management in reports has increased significantly. This is presumably because the degree of completeness of reports is strongly related to elements such as the company’s reputation and its ability to obtain financing. Especially in the case of J-Oil Mills, President Hachiuma and other related executives are present for exchanges of opinion with me, and their level of interest and engagement is quite outstanding. This report also expresses that enthusiasm in the President’s Message and the commitment of the executives overseeing each of the company’s business segments.
One of the major points of focus in the integrated report is the President’s Message. The essential condition for the President’s Message is that the head of the company takes a panoramic view of the history, current status, and future vision of his own organization, and sketches out a value creation story. Last year’s President’s Message, “The J-Oil Mills Value Creation Story,” created expectations of significant outcomes, but this year’s is even more powerfully persuasive, offering a more integrated and considered message. This is due to the fact that elements such as a shift in the company’s center of gravity from process industry to value creation company, the “Joy for Life” cycle, and “Happo Yoshi” (management that seeks the best for all stakeholders) are clearly presented. It is my hope that all of the company’s employees will create an ongoing dialogue– “Where are we now?”, “Where are we going?”, “How do we get there?”–in order to make these ideas their own. Human beings possess the quality of “prosociality,” the desire to contribute to society, and I believe that dialogue is a significant trigger in this respect.
The core of this report is identifying materialities and reporting in line with those materialities. The purpose of identifying materialities is for the company to develop its business based on a firm understanding of what its customers and society more generally require from it, and I believe that this is precisely the best perspective for a company that practices ESG management. In addition, I see the fact that the 16 materialities are organized into four domains, and into Future Development, Themes of Our Activities, Main Initiatives and Targets, and Future Responses, as an indication of a strong commitment to the practice of response to materialities. It is predicted that there will be considerable possibility for discontinuity in social goals as a result of global trends, and that as a result change in KPI itself and structural change in organizations will be unavoidable. I want J-Oil Mills to make bold responses with this as the fundamental premise. Adopting
 Network (As of September 1, 2019)
J-Oil Mills is headquartered in Tokyo, and has 13 branch offices
and sales offices as well as eight factories and logistics centers nationwide. From July 1, 2019, the Nagoya Branch became the Nagoya Office. In addition, from August 20 in the same year, the Chushikoku Branch was relocated to Okayama City.
● Head Offices, Branch Offices, and Sales Offices ● Factories and Logistics Centers
● Research and Development Centers
􏰓
7. Real estate leasing
Tamio Yamaguchi Director
NPO Junkan Workers Club
the perspective of a value creation company, I would like J-Oil Mills to attempt to identify materialities with a focus on every element of management, and to delineate integrated materialities.
I have read the reports since the 2017 edition, and I feel that improvements have been made steadily and continuously. However, further improvement will be necessary in view of the increasing demands of society. This will mean that the integrated report clarifies the relationship between financial and non-financial information while conveying an understanding of long-term value creation–That it precisely communicates not merely “What we did” and “What we will do,” but also “Why we are doing it” and “What we hope to achieve.” To this end, it will be necessary for the company to devise appropriate modes of expression. What is demanded is an organic report that links the Corporate Philosophy, ESG, materialities, the Medium-Term Business Plan, and the SDGs that serve as the compass for all.
In addition, expansion of sustainable investment tends to generate more active disclosure of ESG information. While this report contains a number of newly disclosed items, it cannot be denied that it is not yet sufficient for a company that advocates ESG management. The process of identification of materialities involves referring to a variety of guidelines and conducting benchmark surveys. I would like J-Oil Mills to once again verify the status of its disclosure with reference to these. With regard to disclosure, it will be necessary for the company to examine methods that consider the use of the Web and the convenience of users.
Junkan Workers Club:
A citizens’ organization that was formed to consider, from a global perspective, the best direction for a society that exists in harmony with the natural ecosystems that we must pass on to the next generation, and to conduct research on, provide support for, and assist in the practice of the efforts of citizens, businesses, and administrations to create a recycling-oriented society. The CSR Workshop within the organization conducts research on the ideal form for corporate reports and makes proposals on this basis. Website: http://junkanken.com/
  Head Offices, Branch Offices, and Sales Offices
Factories and Logistics Centers
❶Chiba Factory ❷Yokohama Factory ❸Shizuoka Plant
❹Asaba Factory
❺Kobe Factory ❻Kurashiki Factory ❼Sakaide Logistics Center ❽Wakamatsu Factory
Research and Development Centers / Application Organizations
❶Head Office/ Tokyo Office
❷Osaka Office
❸Nagoya Office
❹Hokkaido Branch
❺Tohoku Branch
❻Kanto Shinetsu Branch
❼Hokuriku Branch ❽Chushikoku Branch ❾Kyushu Branch
Niigata Sales Office Nagano Sales Office Shizuoka Sales Office Shikoku Sales Office
❶Technical Strategy Centers (Yokohama City, Chuo-ku, Tokyo)
❷Food Design Centers
(Tsurumi Ward, Yokohama City, Totsuka Ward,
Yokohama City, Shizuoka City, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Kobe City)
Stock Data (As of March 31, 2019) Number of authorized shares
Number of issued shares Number of shareholders
Breakdown of Shareholders
Overseas
J-OIL MILLS (THAILAND) Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
􏰕􏰎
􏰔
􏰋􏰉􏰐 􏰉 􏰌􏰎􏰉􏰔 􏰓􏰉
􏰋
􏰍
􏰋􏰋
􏰋􏰊
􏰌
􏰋 􏰋
􏰐
􏰍􏰋􏰐 􏰉 􏰋􏰉􏰉
 Major shareholders (As of March 31, 2019)
Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Mitsui & Co., Ltd.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
Customers Fund for J-Oil Mills Shares
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
The Norinchukin Bank
DFA INTL SMALL CAP VALUE PORTFOLIO
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
20.2% 22.2% Financial
54,000,000 16,754,223 20,669
4,526
2,087
468
414
374
355
271
270
256
244
(As of March 31, 2019)
Types of Shareholders
Individuals and others
Financial institutions
 NameNumber of shares held (Thousand shares)Foreign investors
Instruments firms
1.0%
100 or more
12.3%
100,000 or more
64.6%
50,000 or more
  9.8%
Other corporations
46.8%
Number of shares
500 or more
1.9%
1,000 or more
3.9%
5,000 or more
2.2%
10,000 or more
                8.6% 6.4%
 65  - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019
 - OIL MILLS REPORT 2019 66