To enable us to consistently deliver safe, secure, and high-quality products and services to our customers, J-Oil Mills has established management systems for every process, from the importation of raw materials, through manufacture, to packaging and shipping, and we work constantly to increase quality. All of our production bases have received certification in the international standards of ISO9001 (Quality Management) and ISO22000 (Food Safety Management), and our Business Management and Product Development Departments newly acquired ISO9001 certification in fiscal 2018.
With regard to the number of nonconformities indicated by external review organizations in fiscal 2018, we received two notifications in relation to quality management for our production bases and four for our Business Operations and Product Development Departments, in addition to two notifications in relation to food safety management. We have completed corrective measures for all of these nonconformities, and we have either maintained or acquired certification. In fiscal 2019, we will work to expand ISO9001 certification to other departments.
In addition, we are moving ahead with efforts to further enhance infrastructure related to quality assurance. We will progress with system-building from fiscal 2019, looking towards the operation commencement of a centralized quality information system allowing rapid management of the latest information.

The entry into force of the Food Labeling Act has made it mandatory to display nutrition information on processed foods (household-use products). Additionally, some rules have been changed, making it easier for consumers to understand food labels. We are revising our labeling as necessary based on the food labeling standards presented by the Food Labeling Act that went into effect in April 2015.
In addition, we will keep a close watch on information from the government regarding labeling in relation to genetic modification and additives, and we will collaborate with industry bodies and Group companies in order to realize food labeling that is both safer and easier to understand.
We also publish information regarding household-use products on our website, including the region of origin of raw materials, information on the manufacturing plant as indicated by the unique plant code, and information on genetically modified crops.