We have steadily reduced CO2 emissions at our production bases through multi-faceted energy-saving activities, including energy conservation efforts, the installation of co- generation equipment, and the sourcing of energy from other companies. In fiscal 2018, the degree of reduction that we achieved declined as a result of an increase in refrigeration and air-conditioning loads due to the intense summer heat, but we continued to review conditions in our production processes, looking towards the achievement of our goal of realizing a 45% reduction in CO2 emissions in 2020 against figures for 1990. As a result, we steadily progressed in our efforts to reduce our power consumption and use of steam, reduce heat loss, and upgrade to high-efficiency equipment.
In the past, we focused on formulating targets for the reduction of CO2 emissions from our production bases, but we are currently formulating company-wide targets that include not only our production divisions, but also our headquarters, sales divisions, and R&D divisions. In all of our offices including our headquarters, in tandem with reform of our workstyles, we are currently actively advancing measures that include reduction of meetings and overtime work, use of satellite offices, promotion of telecommuting, operation of a teleconferencing system, and efforts to realize paperless offices, in addition to raising the awareness of all employees. We have also commenced initiatives related to the calculation of Scope 3 emissions, seeking to understand CO2 emissions produced by our own company as well as throughout our supply chain, incorporating all of our business activities.
One of our teleconferences
From fiscal 2019 onwards, we will prepare for the setting of new medium- to long-term targets, looking towards the formulation of our next medium-term plan. In addition, we will expand the scope of our acquisition of environmental information, reconsider our calculation methods, and increase the accuracy of our data in order to influence our suppliers and our customers to take more concrete environmental action.
Sustainable Use of Resources
Maximizing the Efficiency of Our Use of Resources (Zero Emissions)
Our production bases have achieved outstanding results in the areas of reduction of waste and reuse of resources in particular, and we have now realized zero emissions. In fiscal 2018, we again realized our target, proceeding with efforts to turn waste into marketable resources at our Yokohama Factory and other production bases, and realizing a recycling rate of 99.98%.
Going forward, we will continue to reduce the amount of energy, raw materials, water and other resources that we use, in particular in our production divisions, work to reduce waste, and promote recycling. In addition, in the same manner that we reduce CO2 emissions, we will promote behavior that considers the reduction of waste in areas of our Group other than our production divisions. Our entire company will work as one to both preserve and improve the global environment, while actively introducing the use of renewable energy.

Reducing Our Use of Plastics
The horrendous effect of waste plastic on marine life in the oceans of the world has shocked the entire world. For some time, J-Oil Mills has been actively working to reduce the amount of plastics that we use in packaging and containers. In collaboration with container manufacturers, we are working to reduce the weight of the polyethylene and PET bottles that we employ for our main household-use oil and fat products. In addition, we are using biodegradable plastics for the cap seals on some of our products. We significantly reduced the volume of plastic employed for our Ajinomoto Oil for Deep-Frying Day, which we launched in fiscal 2018, by using pouches that employ vapor deposition barrier technology and increase storage life. In addition, we are employing bioplastics derived from sugarcane (biomass), for which we have received an Eco Mark.
In January 2018, we formed a company-wide committee to compile “Guidelines for Containers and Packaging.” In future, in addition to making efforts to develop containers that are easy for our customers to use, we will actively work to develop materials and containers that consider the global environment.