In fiscal 2017, we revised our CSR Procurement Guidelines for Business Partners. In making these revisions, we reconsidered the content of the guidelines in light of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Sustainable Sourcing Code and ISO 20400 (Sustainable procurement – Guidance). We clarified our perspectives in relation to issues that are being emphasized today, such as human rights and the environment, and made items related to the sustainable procurement of raw materials more independent. In addition, we expanded the scope of our purchase of raw materials, logistics from our previous approach focusing on suppliers of materials.
Based on our CSR Procurement Guidelines for Business Partners, in fiscal 2018 we once again shared our beliefs regarding CSR with our business partners, and conducted exchanges of opinion towards the realization of mutual increase in corporate value. In addition, at our CSR Procurement Department Meeting (held annually), we discussed requests from our business partners and issues related to sustainable procurement.

Seeking to create even higher-quality products in cooperation with our business partners, J-Oil Mills conducts quality audits. Our Quality Assurance Department visited 19 factories belonging to manufacturing contractors, including overseas factories. In these audits, after gaining an understanding of the factory’s quality assurance system and manufacturing processes, we check the quality assurance system, the status of quality management, and the status of responses to past quality issues. We not only check documents – we visit the site of manufacture directly, conducting discussions with our manufacturing contractors in order to mutually boost our quality. We also conducted 40 audits of business partners that handle raw materials and packaging.
In addition to conducting quality audits, we are also studying new materials together with the manufacturers of container materials, working on issues such as plastics, which have currently become such a problem.

Towards Sustainable Procurement of Palm Oil
Palm oil extracted from oil palm fruit is an essential oil in our lives. However, the palm oil production process involves a range of issues, including deforestation and the consequent loss of biodiversity, human rights issues for workers, and conflict and corruption for local residents.
In 2011, we joined the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) to enable us to conduct responsible procurement of palm oil. Our Yokohama Factory acquired SCCS certification in January 2015, allowing it to handle certified palm oil. In fiscal 2018, we shipped 1,267 tons of certified palm oil (the total amount that we have handled is approximately 69,000 tons). In addition, in fiscal 2018 we confirmed the traceability of our main suppliers to palm oil refining companies. In future, we will actively work to promote the use of certified palm oil, with the goal of achieving a 100% rate of certified palm oil by 2025.
Enhancing Inspections in Overseas Regions of Origin
The majority of the raw materials that we use are grains grown overseas or products that have been commercialized locally. Because of this, we are enhancing our inspections in the regions of origin of our raw materials. On the ground, in addition to verifying the status of crop cultivation, the staff of our raw materials divisions exchange opinions with growers and other partners regarding
the issues and risks related to society and the environment that they face in their respective regions.