As a company with production bases throughout Japan, we value our relationship with all regions of the country.
Our Wakamatsu Factory, located in Kitakyushu City, Fukuoka Prefecture, offers tours to elementary school students and their parents or guardians, as part of the “Exploring Food Safety” event organized by the city’s health care center every summer vacation. By explaining how we maintain food safety through the process of manufacture of our MAMENORISAN® edible soybean sheets and our oil and fat products, we communicate the importance of food by offering the opportunity to actually consume the product.
In addition, we regularly conduct community-based cleanup activities at our production plants throughout the country.

J-Oil Mills engages in food education activities, making use of our rich knowledge and experience in the field of oil. Since fiscal 2016, we have been participating in the “Summer Vacation Homework and Free Study Operations,” and our in-house master olive oil sommelier conducts tastings, guiding elementary school students and their parents and guardians in the history of olive oil and differences in taste between oils. In this way, we help to foster interest in different foods.

Activities to provide Support in Disasters
In fiscal 2018, a number of natural disasters occurred throughout Japan. In July 2018, together with the Ajinomoto Group, we made donations to areas affected by heavy rain in west Japan and by the East Iburi earthquake in Hokkaido. Separately, our Group (including labor unions) also made donations to Kurashiki City, where our Kurashiki Factory is located.
Community Olive Education Activities
Our company is seeking to find the best direction for the olive oil industry in Japan, and as part of these efforts we conduct support activities that contribute to local food and agriculture. The Kobe Olive Farm Recovery Project, which commenced in fiscal 2018, has seen us tending olive seedlings, in addition to holding three olive oil seminars at olive-related events held by Kobe City and a local NPO for local citizens involved in planting the seedlings. We will continue to cooperate in these events into the future.
We also entered into a business partnership with Tokyu Corporation and Izukyu Holdings Co., Ltd., and in October 2019 we participated in the Izu Mirai Olive Project organized by the two companies on the Izu Peninsula. As a company that leads the olive oil market, we evaluate olive oils (both sensory evaluations and physical and chemical analyses), possess advanced techniques for storage and filling, have knowledge of the effective use of meals produced in the manufacturing process, and possess a wide sales network. Using all of these assets, we are seeking to further promote
the cultivation of olives in Izu and the branding of Izu olives. Going forward, we will continue in these efforts as a company that grows together with the
region.