Promotion of Participation by Women
The Cassiopeia W Project, which we launched in 2018 in order to promote greater participation by women in the workplace, entered its second term in fiscal 2019. We call within the company for team members to advance the project, and have gathered together a diverse group of women of differing ages, job types, and career orientations. The theme of the project for fiscal 2019 will be to “Believe in your potential and take a step forward,” in order to make both life and work more enjoyable. To realize this goal, we want to enhance women’s ownership of their careers (career support system, training for women prior to taking up management positions, etc.) and create mechanisms and systems of
education that build networks both within and outside the company (women’s workshops, etc.). And by actively engaging in initiatives such as conducting unconscious bias training for superiors and providing childcare support for male employees, we will seek to realize diverse work styles (not limited exclusively to advancing women’s participation) and promote understanding of the situation around them in our employees.
Enhancement of Childcare and Nursing Care Support System
We have been aiming to improve the various systems we have in place in these areas, enabling us to systematically balance work with childcare and nursing care for our employees. Our childcare leave system allows leave to be taken until the end of April in the year that the child turns 1 year old, and our system allowing work hours to be reduced for childcare can be used until the end of the fiscal year in which the child enters their third year of elementary school. Nursing care leave can be taken for a maximum of 14 months per eligible family member, and the system of reduction of working hours for nursing care can also be used. In addition to this, we are also working to enhance a variety of systems and mechanisms that provide support for flexible work styles that respond to the individual’s specific circumstances, such as introducing systems enabling paid leave to be taken in units of hours and a work-at-home system.
In fiscal 2018, our rate of return to work from childcare leave was 80%. We are also intending to introduce a work- at-home system for employees who have been forced to leave work for reasons such as marriage, the transfer of their spouse, or the need to provide nursing care, seeking to create a work environment that enables more flexible work styles.