Value Creation Under the ANA Group Corporate Strategy—Creation of Social Value—
Environment
WEB
See the ANA Group corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/environment/
  Declaration of Our Support for TCFD
As of March 2019, the ANA Group has become the first airline group in Japan to declare support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We will ana- lyze the risks and opportunities that climate change brings to our business, reflecting this analysis in our corporate strategy and working to disclose more relevant information.
Evaluation by the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)
    Basic Approach
In response to the Paris Agreement signed at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21), the Government of Japan set its own targets related to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions for 2020 and beyond.
The aviation industry is showing an increasing awareness about controlling CO2 emissions. Based on the resolutions of the 2016 General Assembly of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), global airline companies have made an international commit- ment to generate carbon-neutral growth (CNG2020) in the year 2021 and beyond.
The ANA Group has created the ANA Group Environmental Principles and the ANA Group Environmental Policies. These principles and policies build on the ANA FLY ECO 2020 medium- to long-term environmental plan from fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2020 and include initia- tives for becoming an environmental leading airline group and reducing environmental impact. We are also working to develop medium- to long-term targets for after 2020.
Evaluation by CDP seeks to disclose data and information about company strategy related to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change in response to stakeholders demands. As of 2016, the ANA Group has categorized its greenhouse gas emissions into Scope 1, 2, and 3 in accordance with the standards set by the Act on the Rational Use of Energy. This environmental data has been verified by third parties, and that verification has been disclosed. The Group’s rating in 2018 was B. (The industry average is C.)
Certified Eco-First Company
In 2008, ANA became the first-ever company in the airline and transport industry certified by the Minister of the Environment as an Eco-First Company. We received this honor in recognition of our commitment to social responsibility.
The ANA Group supported and began awareness activities for COOL CHOICE, a program led by the Ministry of the Environment to take measures against global warming. Further, we partici- pated in the Plastics Smart forum in 2018. This forum is another initiative of the Ministry of the Environment aiming to reduce marine plastic litter.
     52
53
Implementation Structure
The Group CSR / Risk Management / Compliance Committee oversees two subcommit- tees dedicated to initiatives reducing our environmental impact: The Eco-First Subcommittee (dealing with aircraft flight operations), and the Ground Energy Subcommittee (dealing with ground operations).
The Eco-First Subcommittee seeks to control CO2 emissions from aircraft, while the Ground Energy Subcommittee seeks to reduce overall energy usage in Group facilities.
Value Creation Under the ANA Group Corporate Strategy—Creation of Social Value—
Environment
Controlling CO2 Emissions
Aircraft Flight Operations Initiatives
Ground Operation Initiatives
  Ground Energy Consumption Intensity, Year on Year
(%)Progress toward Targets
Reduction of CO2 Emissions per RTK
(Total of domestic and international services)
CO2 Emissions on Domestic Services
   Target: Reduce by 20% from FY2005 to FY2020 FY2018: Reduced by 23%
Target: Control emissions to
under 4.4 million tons / year average
FY2018: 4.09 million tons
  CO2 Emissions per RTK
CO2 Emissions on Domestic Services
The ANA Group has set our own energy management standards, based on which we strive to reduce energy consumption across Group facilities. As a result, ANA, ANA CATERING SERVICE CO., LTD., and ANA FOODS CO., LTD. (specified business operators under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy) achieved more than 1% reduction in energy consumption, receiving the Excellence in Energy Efficiency Award (S Class) certification under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy of the Ministry of Trade, Economy and Industry for a fourth consecutive year.
We have adopted an environmental data integrated manage- ment system called ANA Eiims, which has improved our accuracy in monitoring environmental data and analysis.
In addition, we promote 3R activities (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) for waste generated in-cabin, at the airport, and in our offices. At the same time, we have implemented proper management of industrial waste through the e-Waste Management industrial waste management system.
  54
55