Value Creation Under the ANA Group Corporate Strategy—Creation of Social Value—
Regional Revitalization
WEB
See the ANA Group corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/regional_creation/
  Partnership with Local Governments
The ANA Group enters into partnership agreements with local governments in order to promote regional economic revitalization and resolution of social issues. As of July 2019, the ANA Group has signed agreements with nine prefectures (Mie, Shizuoka, Hokkaido, Kochi, Tokushima, Oita, Miyazaki, Miyagi, and Kagawa). We will continue to collaborate with them in a wide range of areas, such as tourism, culture, next-generation educa- tion, increasing non-resident populations, partnership with
overseas businesses, and support during disasters. The compre- hensive partnership agreement signed in April 2019 with Kagawa Prefecture includes a provision for promotion of innovation by use and application of leading-edge technology. We at the ANA Group are exploring the ways we can leverage the technological innovations we drive in a variety of fields, such as medicine, welfare, and tourism.
 Basic Approach
Japan is famous for its traditional culture and tourism attractions. On the other hand, Japan faces concerns about falling populations in rural areas and the gradual decline of traditional industries. The ANA Group works together with corporations, NGOs, NPOs, local gov- ernments, and others in order to bring in more inbound tourists to Japan and stimulate a flow of domestic travelers. We also seek to expand our sales channels within our Non-Air Businesses through stronger partnership with Group companies, contributing to a Regional Revitalization through Tourism Promotion. Through social contribution activities in the regions where we serve, we seek to build productive relationships with stakeholders and resolve social issues.
Implementation Structure
ANA Holdings supervises the Group’s regional revitalization while Tourism Development, Marketing and Sales of ANA, integrates initia- tives across the entire Group to maximize effectiveness. Tourism Development is the primary driver of the ANA Group Regional Revitalization Meeting, which strategically advances regional revitalization actions through tourism promotion.
Comprehensive partnership agreement with Kagawa Prefecture
Example of Innovative Technology: The AVATAR Cafe, where persons with disabilities operate robotic waitstaff remotely (e.g., from home or hospital) to serve customers
       Major Initiatives
Our Tastes of Japan by ANA program showcases food, drinks, and desserts featuring specialties from the various regions of Japan. Customers experiencing these delights onboard our aircraft or in our lounges may also find tourism information about the places where these specialties originated, providing an appealing glimpse into the regions of Japan. We develop our regional revitalization through our air transportation services, including travel campaigns to entice visitors to the various regions, leveraging in-flight media, and shipping regional special- ties via our cargo services. We are also working to gauge the needs of each region and appropriately leverage the specialties
Initiatives to Stimulate Inbound Demand
As part of regional revitalization through inbound tourism, the ANA Group launched the Japan Travel Planner website in April 2018, a travel information site for visitors to Japan. The website, linked seamlessly with the ANA flight booking site, entices visitors to the country’s various regions with information provided in 11 lan- guages. In October 2018, ANA Strategic Research Institute Co., Ltd. and Sumitomo Mitsui Finance and Leasing Co., Ltd., jointly founded the Regional Revitalization and Inbound Tourism Council. This council’s members include business operators and organizations connected to inbound business and regional revitalization, and as of July 2019 boasts membership from 42 companies and 23 local governments / auxiliary organizations. Participating companies
of our Group companies, including travel, advertising, logistics, research studies, training, and personnel dispatch, in regional revitalization initiatives.
Tastes of Japan by ANA Website
Pamphlet (Sample)
combine their unique strengths and know-how to create compre- hensive proposals in partnership with local governments.
Japan Travel Planner Website
Regional Revitalization with Comprehensive Specialties of the Group
 56
57