Value Creation Under the ANA Group Corporate Strategy—Creation of Social Value—
Human Rights
WEB
See the ANA Group corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/human_rights/
Dialogue with Overseas ESG Investors
In July 2018, we met with Aviva Investors*1, a constituent member of the Advisory Council that governs the Corporate Human Rights Benchmark (CHRB)*2. At the Aviva offices in London, we discussed their thoughts as institutional investors and how CHRB’s activities will develop in the future.
*1 Aviva Investors: An investment company within the Aviva Group. Aviva is a major insurance firm in the United Kingdom. The company provides services to external customers as well, with total assets under management of over £300 billion.
*2 CHRB: An international initiative evaluating and ranking corporations on their actions regarding human rights, linking these to investor activity in order to promote corporate initiatives dealing with human rights issues.
Discussion with Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, Aviva Investors
   Basic Approach
The ANA Group is committed to upholding human rights in accordance with the global standards provided in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. In April 2016, we established the ANA Group Policy on Human Rights. We based this policy on the International Bill of Human Rights (the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two International Covenants), the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We also encourage our contractors and suppliers to adopt similar policies.
We will continue human rights initiatives, recognizing that respect for human rights lies at the very foundations of the philosophy of the SDGs, which is to leave no one behind.
Implementation Structure
Our Chief CSR Promotion Officer serves as a supervisor in progress in policies and initiatives regarding human rights issues. These policies and initiatives are discussed in the Group CSR / Risk Management / Compliance Committee. Our initiatives for human rights advance in partnership with the CSR Promotion Leaders in each Group company and department.
Stakeholder Engagement
We engage actively with stakeholders to understand their expectations and demands, and to incorporate such into our initiatives.
Responding to Human Rights Issues Identified through Risk Assessments
In 2016, we conducted a review to identify potential risks to human rights related to business activities across ANA Group and at all locations where we serve. Our evaluation identified the following key issues for risk prevention.
Understanding the Workplace Environment of Foreign Workers in Japan
Following last year’s discussion with ground handling staff at airports, we secured the cooperation of our contractors and an independent third-party institution (Caux Round Table Japan*3) in fiscal 2018 to conduct interviews with non-Japanese workers in catering services.
Strengthening In-Flight Meal Supply Chain Management
We used our participation in the Bluenumber Initiative*4 (in 2017, ANA HOLDINGS was the first Japanese company to join) to register more than 200 partners and producers connected to the ingredients in our in-flight meals. We also conducted a test regis- tration of more than 2,000 articles. We seek to build a highly transparent food supply chain that includes respect for human rights and environmental conservation in the production process.
Preventing Human Trafficking via Air Transportation
In April 2019, we began a program to report potential cases of human trafficking found in-flight to ground facilities. We also conducted an e-learning course for all Group employees to pro- mote a better understanding to prevent human trafficking.
E-Learning Course about Human Trafficking
Anti-Bribery
We sponsored seminars at overseas Group branches on anti-bribery.
 58
59
Communication with Our Employees
To deepen an understanding of respect for human rights among our employees, we conduct e-learning courses on Business and Human Rights for all Group employees. A full 94% of Group employees took the e-learning course during the three months period.
Influencing Business Partners
We inform all contractors and suppliers of the ANA Group Purchasing Guidelines. We work together to ensure their work- place environments uphold respect for human rights.
Disclosure of Appropriate Information (Report Disclosures)
In May 2018, we created and published a “Human Rights Report” to proactively disseminate information on respect for human rights. We are currently preparing to publish our fiscal 2019 edition.
Communication with Overseas Government Entities, NGOs, and NPOs
In June 2019, we observed work conditions in the fisheries indus- try in Thailand. We also engaged with international institutions, NGOs, NPOs, consumer groups, and others, exchanging ideas about human rights issues.
Regular Reviews with Human Rights Experts
The ANA Group holds advisory meetings with human rights experts on a regular basis. In September 2018, we invited two human rights experts from the Danish Center for Human Rights*5 and the Institute for Human Rights and Business*6 to evaluate the responses of the ANA Group to the advice received last year. The experts provided advice and reference cases about the need to broadly consider the groups and stakeholders that may be impacted by our activities in advancing future initiatives. These experts also advised us on the need to respond to issues related to non-Japanese national employees.
*3 Caux Round Table Japan: The Caux Round Table is a global network of business leaders working to realize a fair, free, and transparent society through business. *4 The Bluenumber Initiative is a global program to establish food supply chain platforms by Bluenumber Foundation.
    *5 The Danish Center for Human Rights was established by the Danish Parliament to gather information and develop tools related to human rights and business.
*6 Founded in 2009, the Institute for Human Rights and Business is an international think-tank active in the field of business and human rights. This Institute is a leading driver of initiatives in
this field.