Social Safety in Navigation and Cargo Operations
Maintaining robust safety in navigation and cargo operations through decision-making
Reflection and feedback
 1. Pre-embarkation Briefing
In addition to our basic policies regard- ing safety in navigation and cargo oper- ations, we provide the latest specific information and instruction through safety management manuals and related written procedures adopted by each management company.
2. “KL-QUALITY”
Using the Company’s proprietary “KL-QUALITY” guidelines, our ship supervi- sors regularly visit all of our operating ves- sels to conduct inspections. Should any defects be identified, we ask crew mem- bers, vessel owners and ship manage- ment companies to rectify them in order to maintain and improve the quality.
4. Accident Information Management System (AIMS)
Reflecting our zero accident commitment, we continue to explore the hidden causes of accidents deeply by analyzing their details and trends using our propri- etary system.
5. “K” Line-Drive to No Accident (K-DNA): Safety Equipment Installation Guidelines
Based on lessons learned from past accidents, we are working to enhance the safety of all operating vessels from the hardware perspective by accumulating know-how cultivated in the field, while drawing on our own guidelines, which exceed rules and requirements.
                   K-DNA
                                       Know-how
of safety in navigation and cargo operation
6. Safety Campaign
Under the theme of “Safety in Navigation and Cargo Operations and Environmental Preservation,” shore staffs and crew members on board work together in the field to improve group-wide safety consciousness by exchanging opin- ions and checking onsite situations.
7. Trouble News
Under the belief that “we will never allow the same accident to happen again, nor will we forget about it,” we thoroughly investigate the causes of past accidents and establish measures to prevent their recurrence. These measures are notified and shared across all of our operating vessels.
Safety in navigation and cargo operation
                        K-DNA
                                                       “K” LINE Group’s own rules Safety-related equipment that is of a safer level than required by law and regulations
                           3. Sa
Reports on near-miss incidents on ships stemming from unsafe behavior are carefully analyzed by experienced shore- based maritime technical personnel and fed back to the similar-type vessels. By entrenching a non-blaming culture, where the responsibility of near-miss parties are not called into question, we receive thousands of reports annually, which helps safety awareness to take root on the front lines.
fe
S
f
R
t
yst
ty t
Report
em
S
t
  8. Emergency Response Drill
To enable swift and accurate responses to accidents, we envisage “worst- case scenarios,” and conduct periodic Emergency Response Drill, includ- ing communication with overseas entities and confirmation of media correspondences.
  2 Strengthening Ship Management System
Through our three in-house ship management companies, which share our principle, we make full use of our expertise to provide higher-quality, safer, and more reliable services.
3 Securing and Training Maritime Technical Personnel
The responsibility for the “K” LINE Group’s safety in navi- gation and cargo operations lies with its team of maritime technical personnel. It includes vessel crews, supervisors at in-house ship management companies, and maritime technical staffs stationed at head office. Through the “K” Line Maritime Academy (KLMA), that is our central body for attracting and fostering marine personnel, we help estab- lish career paths within the Group for our employees, irre- spective of nationality, with the aim of fostering world’s best maritime technical personnel.
For details, please see “Human Resource Development (Maritime Technical Personnel)” on page 42.Ship management companyVessel type“K” Line Energy Ship Management Co., Ltd.
“K” Line LNG Shipping (UK) Limited
“K” Line RoRo Bulk Ship Management Co., Ltd.
Tankers, LPG carriers and LNG carriers
(*Manage containerships and chemical tankers at the subsidiary in Singapore)
LNG Carriers
Car Carriers and Dry Bulk Carriers
     “K” LINE REPORT 2018
41