Social Stakeholder Engagement Since the “K” LINE Group conducts business activities
Shareholders and Investors
around the world, it is essential to build good and solid rela- tionships with various stakeholders, including shareholders and other investors, customers, business partners, and people in local communities and global society. Through interactive communication with stakeholders, we strive continuously to meet the expectations and the needs of so- ciety and incorporate them into our business activities in order to fulfill our corporate social responsibility.
Customers
Business Partners
Local Community Global Society
HOME > CSR > “K” LINE Group’s CSR Initiatives > Stakeholder Engagement https://www.kline.co.jp/en/csr/group/stakeholder_engagement.html
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
Employees
Basic Policy
We have adopted an IR policy designed to meet the ex- pectations of our shareholders and investors. Under this policy, we strive to improve our corporate value further by properly disclosing corporate information on a timely basis and communicating with our shareholders and investors at briefings of every kind.
Opportunities for Dialogue
Domestic IR activities
Number of companies
Overseas IR activities
Small meetings
Site tours
Number of companies
IR activities
for individual investors
179 participants
Terminal tour for securities analysts
Number of companies
Number of companies
178 12 29 4
Number of participants Number of participants Number of participants Number of participants
189 12 29 4
PICK UP Our IR Activities 1
In addition to holding quarterly financial results briefings for institutional investors and securities analysts, we conduct indi- vidual meetings and facility tours as appropriate to deepen the investment community’s understanding of the Company.
In recent years, we have also arranged company briefing sessions for individual investors as part of activities to attract more individuals. In addition, we have modified our business segments disclosure and improved materials that we release, reflecting our proactive disclosure policy. We are also enhanc- ing our IR website and working to provide wide-ranging infor- mation about our Company and marine transport business.
In response to “Fair Disclosure Rules” prescribed under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act enacted in April 2018, we announced the formulation of our “Fair Disclosure Policy” and modification of our IR Policy.
Financial results briefing for institutional investors
IR Activities
in FY2017
●Shareholders’ meeting
●Financial results briefings, etc.
●Interview with domestic / overseas institutional investors ●Site tours for institutional investors / securities analysts
HOME > Investor Relations https://www.kline.co.jp/en/ir.html
 Dialogue with CustomersBasic Policy
We do our best to respond to customer needs by devel- oping systems for ensuring timely shipping and striving to provide our customers with a wide range of information. We will improve the quality of our services by maintaining safety in navigation and cargo operations to transport the cargo entrusted to us by our customers safely and surely.
Opportunities for Dialogue
●Regular visits to customers ●Ship / terminal tours ●Loading facility inspections
  Dialogue with Business PartnersBasic Policy
We do business based on our Purchasing Policies. These policies are written to ensure compliance and are aimed at maintaining fair and constructive relationships with our business partners. We thus strive to build trust with our business partners and coexist with them as good partners.
Opportunities for Dialogue
●Technology / information exchanges ●Supply chain CSR guidelines
  Dialogue with Local Community and Global SocietyBasic Policy
We contribute to society as a good corporate citizen and work with people around the world toward development.
Opportunities for Dialogue
●Collaboration with NPOs / NGOs ●Ship / terminal tours ●Employee volunteer activities
  Dialogue with EmployeesBasic Policy
We respect the basic human rights of our employees and develop training programs to maximize the ability of each. We also strive to enhance benefit programs and improve working environments to enable each employ- ee to work vigorously with a sense of safety.
Opportunities for Dialogue
●Labor-management meetings ●Labor-management cooperation projects ●In-house training
  Foundation of Value Creation
   PICK UP External Recognition 2
In appraisal of efforts to enhance our CSR initiatives, “K” LINE has been selected as a component in Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) and ESG indices used all over the world.
● FTSE4Good Index Series
● FTSE Blossom Japan Index
● Dow Jones Sustainability Asia/Pacific Index
● ETHIBEL EXCELLENCE Investment Register ● MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN) ● SNAM Sustainability Index
Further, in recognition of its disclosure of climate change infor- mation and efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, “K” LINE was selected in the “CDP Climate A List” and the “Supplier Climate A List” for the second consecutive year.
         (As of July 2018)
“K” LINE REPORT 2018
45