Social Changes Seen by Seven Bank and Ways to Resolve Issues
 Initiatives to create value 1 Material Issue
Offer a safe, secure settlement infrastructure
    By addressing this material issue, we will contribute to achieving Sustainable Development Goals 9 , 11 and 16 by creating a safe, secure social platform through Seven Bank’s settlement infrastructure.
   Number of cases of accepted reports and provision of information on suspicious transactions
 (Case)
50,0000 40,0000 30,0000 20,0000 10,0000
Number of cases having information provided
Number of reported cases
  0 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Notes:
1. The number of reported cases is the number of cases for which reports are accepted by the National Public Safety Commission/the National Police Agency.
2. The number of cases having information provided is the number of cases for which the National Public Safety Commission/the National Police Agency provide information related to reports of suspicious transactions to investigative bodies.
Source: Seven Bank, compiled from the annual report regarding the prevention of transfer of criminal proceeds (2018)
https://www.npa.go.jp/hakusyo/h30/index.html
  Social changes and issues that
Seven Bank is considering
Japan’s financial environment has undergone major changes in recent years, with technological innovation leading to the expansion of various types of digital settlement on the one hand, but also to increasingly sophisticated and ingenious financial crimes and anxiety about security on the other. In addition, there are worries about the decrease in the number of financial institution counters and ATMs as well as settlement concerns (about cash shortages) during one of Japan’s many natural disasters. Seven Bank considers it important that we fulfill the role of providing social infrastructure, with a completely secure structure that can be used safely during disasters or other emergencies.
Collaboration with partner companies
Safe, efficient transport and security
Monitoring to ensure that cash in ATMs is appropriately held
Speedy response to breakdowns and malfunctions
Seven Bank’s approach to changes
and issues
Seven Bank’s approach to the various types of new settlement service is to provide a safe, efficient settlement infrastructure with the expertise we have cultivated since our founding, while also proactively incorporating the results of technological innovation. We are also cooperating with financial institutions and other stakeholders to keep pace with the changing times to build a safe, secure financial platform to contribute to the stability and development of Japan’s financial system.
Offering a user environment where safety and security are maximized
ATM maintenance that supports 99.98% operation, in principle, 24 hours, 365 days
Various ATM functions that anyone can use with peace of mind
Disaster response
With functions duplicated in the Tokyo metropolitan area and Osaka, operations can continue during times of disaster
Dispatching mobile ATM vehicles
       Preventing financial crime
Supporting financial institutions’ measures to prevent money laundering
Prevention by monitoring accounts used for fraudulent transactions
Accumulation of expertise in fraud detection
             Promoting stronger financial security across
the financial industry
The financial industry is facing increased financial crime. In addition, staffing shortages and growing security costs are making preparedness a major issue. Using the expertise gained through Seven Bank’s settlement and account business, our consolidated subsidiary Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd. has undertaken operations against money laundering for more than 10 financial and other institutions.